id,title,text,label
19668,No Proof Russia Hacked Hillary's E-mail,"Email 
""The Russian government has engaged in espionage against Americans,” hacking “American websites, American accounts of private people, of institutions … in an effort, as 17 of our intelligence agencies have confirmed, to influence our election,” Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Clinton told Chris Wallace of Fox News in the third and final debate before the November election. 
But Wallace did not even ask about who hacked her e-mails, some of which have been made publicly available by WikiLeaks. Wallace asked Clinton about a private speech she had delivered to bankers in Brazil, in which she said she dreamed of “open borders” throughout the Western Hemisphere. But because Wallace had noted that the source was WikiLeaks, Clinton chose to discuss how the information had been obtained, rather than her shocking statement that she wants America’s borders to be open to any person in the Western Hemisphere who desires to come to the United States. 
Of course, that would most likely include the majority of the population of North and South America. Certainly it would be millions of immigrants, at the very least. 
Donald Trump countered Clinton’s bold claim that Russians hacked her e-mails, saying that she “has no idea whether it’s Russia, China, or anybody else.” 
In rebuttal, Clinton simply repeated her claim, and chastised Trump for even questioning the integrity of U.S. intelligence officials who have taken an oath to defend the country. 
Let us assume, for the sake of argument, that the hacks were perpetrated by the Russian government, or at least that there was strong evidence for such. Should the Obama administration be announcing this to the general public? However, considering that the White House has demonstrated so little concern for the well-being of the United States, it is not surprising that Obama would opt to reveal this information less than a month before the election — an action designed to help the candidate of his political party. 
Of course, Clinton defended U.S. intelligence agencies as above politics. But the reality is that politics has clearly played a role in some decisions of intelligence agencies, such as in 2012, when the CIA interjected itself in the last political campaign by creating Benghazi talking points. And then there was the distortion of analysis on ISIS and Syria by SOUTHCOM — the U.S. Southern Command, responsible for all military activities in South America and Central America — which conformed to Obama’s foreign policy position. 
If the Russians were able to hack into Clinton’s e-mails when she was secretary of state, because she was so careless (at best) as to use a private e-mail server, then does that not offer a reason that she should have been indicted? 
Hillary did not tell the truth when she claimed that 17 intelligence agencies had determined the Russians were responsible for the hacking. Only two agencies — the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) — have even addressed this issue, and their conclusion is somewhat different from Hillary’s interpretation of it. The joint statement by DHS and DNI was that the hacks are consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts, with the presumed intention to interfere with the election process in the United States. 
Certainly, the Russians have a history of interfering in the internal affairs of other nations — the KGB and other Soviet agencies regularly used disinformation to plant stories in the Western media. And, of course, Russian President Vladimir Putin, who was a high-ranking KGB agent during the Cold War, has publicly stated that he would like to see the restoration of the Russian Empire of the Soviet Era. 
But all that does not prove Russia had anything to do with this specific hack. 
The accusation conforms with the narrative that the Clinton campaign has been spouting for the past few months: that Putin prefers Trump over Clinton. Perhaps. Perhaps not. Again, it is interesting that when it was clear that Soviet dictators preferred someone other than Ronald Reagan as president, the Democrats did not consider that a reason to vote for Reagan. Rather, they argued that the United States should “deal” with Brezhnev, Chernenko, Adropov, and Gorbachev, and were highly critical when Reagan did not do so in the early years of his presidency. 
Clinton herself vowed to have a “reset” on relations with Putin and Russia when she became secretary of state; however, relations have clearly deteriorated with Russia since she and Obama took over American foreign policy. 
Others do not buy the Russian-hacker theory, anyway. Willliam Binney, a former high-ranking intelligence officer with the National Security Agency, recently told radio host Aaron Klein that he believed it is more likely it was a “disgruntled U.S. intelligence worker” who is responsible. Binney even argued that the FBI has long had access to the database of the NSA, and because of that, “if the FBI really wanted [the e-mails of Clinton], they can go into that database and get them right now.” He insisted that the NSA has all of Clinton’s e-mails, including the deleted correspondence. 
Judge Andrew Napolitano, speaking on Fox Business’s Judge Napolitano's Chambers , challenged the Clinton assertions, declaring bluntly, “the Russians had nothing to do with it.” 
The entire discussion of the role of the Russians in passing the information on to WikiLeaks is a diversion from the startling statement Clinton made to Brazilian bankers: that she wants no borders in the Western Hemisphere. This means that it is highly likely that a President Hillary Clinton will follow the pattern of President Barack Obama, who has regularly ignored laws, such as those concerning immigration, with which he does not agree. 
So, the entire discussion of whether WikiLeaks obtained its information from the Russians or someone else is important, but if Hillary Clinton’s “dream” of a borderless Western Hemisphere were to come true, no one would have much motivation to hack into the e-mail of an American secretary of state. After all, how long could the United States continue to exist, in any meaningful way, without borders? Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
19669,"Leftist Philosopher Predicts ""Immediate Riots"" If Le Pen Wins","French   philosopher Michel Onfray claims if   migration presidential candidate Marine Le Pen wins the French presidency, there will be immediate riots in the streets. [In an interview conducted by Swiss newspaper Tribune de Geneve published Wednesday, Mr. Onfray warned that due to persistent demonisation of the Front National and Le Pen in French media, there could be a violent public reaction if she wins the presidency.  “As soon as there is an announcement of her victory, some will angrily march in the streets,” he said. “For years, she has been presented by the mainstream media as fascist, a Nazi, Petainist, Vichy, antidemocratic. If she is not a republican, then prove it, and then forbid her and her party,” he said. “Or alternatively she is not the devil. But it is very useful for liberals who can thus divide the power, on the right, and on the left, by waving the red rag of fascism before the noses of the voters. ” The philosopher said that Le Pen may have a tougher time than she thinks against the elites in the European Union. “Once elected, she would face a liberal coalition of Brussels technocrats who despise the people and celebrate only freedom of markets. ” He likened Le Pen to Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras who he described as not being able to deliver on his promises. “Today Tsipras has returned to the ranks and leads the liberal policy desired by the Europe of Brussels. The same would happen to Marine Le Pen,” he said. “In spite of everything, if she came to power I think there would be an insurrection. In the street, cars burning, people breaking windows, etc. ” Onfray noted that a likely scenario could see current President François Hollande “suspend democracy” to restore order and prevent the FN from taking power. “There exists a number of people in the political class who do not accept the democratic game,” he added. Whilst many first round polls show Le Pen will likely pull through to the second round of the presidential election, second round polls show her losing to her main rivals. Despite this, many believe there is a distinct possibility the FN leader could win. In a recent article, CNN claimed that many polls are wrong and greatly underestimate the support for Le Pen. Bobby Vedral, a strategist for investment firm Goldman Sachs, has also called into question the polls saying political correctness may be masking the true support for Le Pen. Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart. com",0
19670,Taser International Dominates the Police Body Camera Market - The New York Times,"When Micah Johnson went on a deadly shooting rampage in Dallas last week, body cameras worn by police officers were rolling, capturing at least 170 hours of video of the mayhem. That footage is now stored on a sophisticated cloud computing system that lets police manage digital evidence and hosts more hours of video than Netflix has available to stream. These paired offerings  —   body cameras for police and cloud storage  —   have transformed policing in recent years, adding a new level of transparency and accountability but also raising questions about privacy and who has the right to view those videos. Behind the scenes, one company is at the center of it all: Taser International. Best known for making Taser stun guns, it controls about   of the body camera business in the United States. Until recently a   provider of electrical weapons, Taser has swiftly cornered the market for body cameras and related software, making it one of the most important suppliers of technology to law enforcement today. Its Axon body cameras are worn by officers in dozens of big cities including Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Washington and, yes, Dallas. And using computing power from Microsoft and Amazon, Taser runs Evidence. com, the site that lets police host and manage body camera video. Demand for the products has soared in the two years since Michael Brown was shot dead by an officer in Ferguson, Mo. and analysts now estimate that the market will soon be worth $1 billion a year. “When the rest of us are snapping pictures and videos, police can’t pull out a note pad and start writing,” said Patrick W. Smith, the chief executive of Taser. “There’s now an expectation from society that they’re getting good documentation of what they’re involved in. It’s in everyone’s interest to know what happened. ” Mr. Smith and his brother, Thomas, founded Taser in Scottsdale, Ariz. in 1993, and the company now is worth about $1. 3 billion. Taser cameras have captured thousands of altercations between the police and the public and several controversial police shootings, including ones in Albuquerque and Cincinnati. Yet as Taser works to sell cameras and software to more departments, it is coming under fire for questionable business practices. In some instances, it has paid police chiefs to travel to Taser conferences. In other cases, chiefs who have bought Taser products have joined the company as consultants shortly after leaving public service. And several cities have awarded contracts to Taser without competitive bidding. So far, these issues have done little to blunt Taser’s momentum. Last quarter, for the first time, Taser booked more sales for body cameras and related software than it did for its stun guns. Interest in body cameras was already picking up two years ago, as police departments around the country started responding to calls for greater accountability. Then, in August 2014, a white police officer killed Mr. Brown, an unarmed black teenager, in Ferguson. The officer was not wearing a body camera, and witnesses disputed his account of the altercation that led to the shooting. The officer was not charged, and critics said that had he been wearing a body camera, the outcome might have been different. Video captured by body cameras can be difficult to interpret. Yet as more Taser cameras are deployed around the country, the grainy images they produce are playing an increasingly important role in the aftermath of deadly shootings. At times, the video can exonerate officers. In 2009, shortly after Taser began selling its cameras through its Axon division, Sgt. Brandon Davis shot and killed a man in Fort Smith, Ark. Video recorded by his body camera captured the shooting, and Mr. Davis was cleared of wrongdoing. In other instances, the footage can portray police as needlessly aggressive. In 2014, a Taser Axon camera worn by an officer in Albuquerque captured the fatal shooting of a homeless man by officers who did not appear to be threatened. The two officers have been charged with   murder and are expected to stand trial soon. Even when body cameras are worn, they are not always effective. When two police officers fatally shot Alton B. Sterling in Baton Rouge, La. on July 5, they were wearing body cameras made by a Taser competitor. A police spokesman said the cameras became dislodged during the altercation with Mr. Sterling, and the video was unlikely to reveal much Baton Rouge is making a transition to Taser cameras. In another incident last week, the officer who killed Philando Castile during a traffic stop in Falcon Heights, Minn. was not wearing a body camera. But Mr. Castile’s girlfriend streamed the aftermath on Facebook Live. “The whole world wants to know what the heck happened in the moments leading up to that shooting,” said Mr. Smith of Taser. “Would a body camera have changed the behavior? Maybe. But it sure would have answered some questions. ” Just a few years ago, many police were reluctant to wear body cameras, fearing that their every action would be scrutinized. “There was a real hesitation at first,” said Officer Jeff Garwacki, who oversees the body camera program at the Fort Worth Police Department. But as the devices have become more common, many police officers have come to rely on them. In Fort Worth, which has bought 800 body cameras from Taser and uses its Evidence. com service, Mr. Garwacki said most officers wanted to wear cameras at all times. “The body cameras are showing that the officers are doing what they say they’re doing,” he said. Though research is limited, some studies suggest that the use of body cameras can reduce the use of force by officers and complaints by the public. In a study published in the Journal of Quantitative Criminology, researchers found that when officers in Rialto, Calif. began wearing body cameras, use of force by officers dropped 59 percent, and complaints against officers dropped 87 percent. “When police use body cameras and tell people that they are using them, it tends to produce better behavior by both the police and the public,” said Chad Marlow, advocacy and policy counsel at the American Civil Liberties Union. Yet Mr. Marlow expressed concern that Taser had achieved such dominance in the body camera industry so quickly. “The fact that a lot of police departments are familiar with Taser has created an inclination to go with them,” said Mr. Marlow. “Other companies are not getting the opportunity to show off their products. ” Some of Taser’s rivals, Mr. Marlow said, were developing software that made it easier to redact identifying features of people captured on camera, better protecting their privacy. There is no doubt that Taser has managed to use its longstanding relationships with police departments, which have used the company’s stun guns for decades, to gain its early lead in the market for body cameras and related software. But several competitors, and some city officials, accuse the company of cozying up to police chiefs to secure lucrative contracts. Nearly all of the roughly 18, 000 law enforcement agencies in the United States have bought Taser’s stun guns. “Taser is very much intertwined with police departments,” said Mark Strouse, an analyst at JPMorgan Chase. In several instances around the country, Taser has either paid for the travel of police chiefs who went on to award the company contracts, or hired recently retired chiefs who had awarded Taser contracts. In other cases, cities have skipped traditional steps like competitive bidding and city council approval, and awarded contracts to Taser with little oversight. Investigations by The Associated Press and The Wall Street Journal turned up examples of such practices in Fort Worth, Memphis, Los Angeles and Chicago. The New Mexico attorney general has opened a criminal investigation of former Chief Ray Schultz of the Albuquerque police in connection with a $2 million contract his department awarded Taser. “We think there’s an ongoing pattern of police chiefs getting lucrative consulting contracts after they retire, if they give Taser contracts,” said Robert McKeeman, chief executive of Utility, which makes a rival body camera. Taser defended its sales tactics, saying they were commonplace, and said that many police departments were familiar with the company. It now makes law enforcement officials wait a year after leaving government service before it will hire them as consultants. Taser also said that while it was sometimes awarded   bids, the departments doing the purchasing have often run a competitive process to test other cameras. “If you’re going to solve customers’ needs, you have to have close relationships,” Mr. Smith said. “I don’t think we did anything that was misleading. ” Taser was initially founded to sell electrical weapons. The Smith brothers’ partner, Jack Cover, was an engineer who worked with NASA and went on to develop the original technology used in the stun guns. The company struggled for several years.   brand extensions like the Auto Taser, a device that electrified steering wheels to prevent car theft, nearly bankrupted the company. But sales picked up when Taser introduced a powerful electrical weapon, the M26, which resembled a handgun. Taser went public in 2001. Sales soared in the years after, with thousands of law enforcement agencies buying Taser stun guns. Though the guns were designed to be nonlethal, many people shot with Tasers died, miring the company in controversy. The company began selling video recorders that worked with Taser weapons in 2006, and it introduced its first body camera, the Axon Pro, in 2009. Mr. Smith predicted that sales of Axon cameras and Evidence. com would soon dwarf sales of Taser’s weapons, and that the company would one day be renamed to reflect the growing prominence of its body camera business. “We had a very successful business selling Taser weapons,” Mr. Smith said. “Now it’s not just about weapons, but about providing transparency and solving related data problems. ”",0
19671,Comment on 65 US ‘journalists’ at a private dinner with Hillary Clinton’s team and John Podesta by Debbie Menon,"Abby Martin Exposes What Hillary Clinton Really Represents ‹ › Since 2011, VNN has operated as part of the Veterans Today Network ; a group that operates over 50 plus media, information and service online sites for U.S. Military Veterans. 65 US ‘journalists’ at a private dinner with Hillary Clinton’s team and John Podesta By VNN on October 26, 2016 We wanted to make sure everyone on this email had the latest information on the two upcoming dinners with reporters. Both are off-the-record. 
Hang The Bankers 
Several top journalists and TV news anchors RSVPed “yes” to attend a private, off-the-record gathering at the New York home of Joel Benenson, the chief campaign strategist for Hillary Clinton, two days before she announced her candidacy in 2015, according to emails Wikileaks has published from John Podesta ’s purported accounts. 
The guest list for an earlier event at the home of John Podesta was limited to reporters who were expected to cover Clinton on the campaign trail. 
The email thread starts with Jesse Ferguson, the campaign’s Deputy National Press Secretary and Senior Spokesman, describing the venues and target audience of each gathering: 
We wanted to make sure everyone on this email had the latest information on the two upcoming dinners with reporters. Both are off-the-record. 
1) Thursday night, April 9th at 7:00p.m. Dinner at the Home of John Podesta… This will be with about 20 reporters who will closely cover the campaign (aka the bus). 
2) Friday night, April 10th at 6:30p.m. Cocktails and Hors D’oeuvre at the Home of Joel Benenson… This is with a broader universe of New York reporters. 
The “broader universe of New York reporters” includes several top news anchors for network and cable channels, many of whom are listed as a “yes” for the appearance: 
From ABC: Cecilia Vega, David Muir, Diane Sawyer (who could only stay for 30 minutes), and George Stephanopoulos. 
From CBS News: Norah O’Donnell. 
From CNN: Brianna Keilar, Gloria Borger, John Berman, and Kate Bolduan. 
From MSNBC: Alex Wagner and Rachel Maddow (“TRYING”). 
From NBC: Savannah Guthrie. 
“Yes” respondent George Stephanopoulos worked for Bill Clinton’s presidential campaign and was a Senior Adviser to the President during Clinton’s first White House term. Stephanopoulos does not disclose this fact when reporting on the 2016 Clinton campaign for ABC News. 
The nascent Clinton campaign invited Jeff Zucker and Phil Griffin, the presidents of CNN and MSNBC, respectively. Zucker declined while Griffin RSVPed “yes.” CNBC’s John Harwood 
Wikileaks’ release of emails from the Democratic National Committee showed then-DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz scheduled or attempted to schedule private meetings with both executives.Other “yes” RSVPs come from journalists who have been sighted in the Wikileaks Podesta emails, outing them as friendly or fawning towards Hillary’s campaign. 
CNBC’s John Harwood, who was also a moderator for a 2015 presidential debate, emailed Podesta frequently , practically begging for approval and access . Politico’s Glenn Thrush 
Politico’s Glenn Thrush also emailed Podesta periodically. On Monday, a newly-released email revealed a particularly humiliating incident where Thrush sent Podesta a passage from an upcoming article for his personal approval. 
“Because I have become a hack I will send u the whole section that pertains to u,” Thrush wrote. “Please don’t share or tell anyone I did this… Tell me if I fucked up anything.” 
Sandra Sobieraj Westfall, Washington Bureau Chief at PEOPLE magazine, boasted two days after this confab that stories on Clinton’s campaign were generating “absolutely off the charts” traffic and asked for “color you can whisper on background” about what Hillary was up to. Joel Benenson – Clinton Chief Strategist 
The full RSVP list for Benenson’s gathering is shown in an attachment on a separate email : 
This is an off-the-record cocktails with the key national reporters, especially (though not exclusively) those that are based in New York. Much of the group includes influential reporters, anchors and editors. 
The goals of the dinner include: (1) Give reporters their first thoughts from team HRC in advance of the announcement (2) Setting expectations for the announcement and launch period (3) Framing the HRC message and framing the race (4) Enjoy a Friday night drink before working more 
TIME/DATE: As a reminder, this is called for 6:30 p.m. on Friday, April 10th . 
There are several attendees – including Diane Sawyer – who will be there promptly at 6:30 p.m. but have to leave by 7 p.m. 
… 
FOOD: This will include cocktails and passed hours devours. 
REPORTER RSVPs",0
19672,John Podesta Emails On “Flagging Turkish Campaign Donations” To Hillary, ,0
19673,Trump Win Jitters New World Order Financial Markets,"Trump Win Jitters New World Order Financial Markets November 02, 2016 Trump Win Jitters New World Order Financial Markets 
(LONDON) - World stocks, the dollar and oil fell on Wednesday, while safe-haven assets such as gold and the Swiss franc rose as investors were rattled by signs the U.S. presidential race was tightening just days before the vote. Investors were beginning to rethink their long-held bets of a Nov. 8 victory for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton amid signs her Republican rival Donald Trump could be closing the gap, deepening the recent decline across major stock markets. Asian stocks hit a seven-week low on Wednesday, while European bourses followed Wall Street's lead overnight and slid to a four-month low. Bonds rose alongside gold, the Swiss franc and Japanese yen, with the yield on 10-year U.S. Treasuries falling for the third day in a row. British gilts, which have recently been slammed by uncertainty surrounding the post-Brexit UK outlook, surged too. 
""The lead up to the U.S. presidential election was always expected to be lively but the events of the last couple of days have seriously taken their toll on investor sentiment,"" said Craig Erlam, senior market analyst at Oanda in London. 
Investor anxiety has deepened in recent sessions over a possible Trump victory given uncertainty on the Republican candidate's stance on key issues including foreign policy, trade relations and immigrants, while Clinton is viewed as a candidate of the status quo. 
READ MORE: EUROPE IS HOPING FOR A CLINTON WIN BECAUSE THAT MEANS MORE DEALS WITH IRAN 
Europe's index of leading 300 shares was last down 0.4 percent <.FTEU3>, having earlier hit a four-month low of 1,313 points. Britain's Britain's FTSE <.FTSE> and Germany's DAX <.GDAXI> fell 0.4 and 0.7 percent, respectively. 
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan <.MIAPJ0000PUS> dropped 1.1 percent to seven-week lows while the yen's rise to a two-week high helped push Japan's Nikkei <.N225> down 1.8 percent. 
U.S. stock futures recovered earlier losses, pointing to a fall of only 0.1 percent at the open. This would still signify a fresh four-month low for Wall Street. 
PRICING A TRUMP VICTORY 
The tumultuous presidential race appeared to tighten after news that the Federal Bureau of Investigation was reviewing more emails as part of a probe into Clinton's use of a private email server. 
While Clinton held a five-percentage-point lead over Trump, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Monday, some other polls showed her Republican rival ahead by 1-2 percentage points. 
Barclays strategists estimate that a rise in Trump's polling odds to 50 percent could see the S&P 500 fall 4-5 percent, and potentially as much as 10-11 percent if he wins. 
This has unnerved markets and the CBOE volatility index <.VIX>, often seen as investors' fear gauge, rose to a two-month high above 20 percent. 
The tension in markets came as the Federal Reserve holds its two-day policy meeting, with its statement due later on Wednesday. While traders do not expect a rate hike just a week ahead of the presidential election, they are looking for signs that the Fed will move in December. 
Investors have grown increasingly confident in recent weeks that the Fed will follow through next month, attaching an 80 percent probability to such a move, according to fed funds futures pricing. 
But currency traders have sold the dollar this week in part because they suspect Trump would prefer a weaker dollar given his protectionist stance on international trade, and in part because the uncertainty surrounding a Trump win might lead to a more dovish stance from the Fed in the months ahead. 
The dollar fell again on Wednesday, after posting its biggest one-day fall on Tuesday in two months. 
The euro rose 0.4 percent to touch $1.11 for the first time in more than three weeks. It is up about two percent from its 7-1/2-month low of $1.0851 hit last week. 
Against the yen, the dollar fell 0.8 percent to 103.24 yen from three-month high of 105.54 yen set on Friday. 
""If you had a long dollar position on the view that the dollar would gain because Clinton would win, you would surely close that position because her victory is less certain,"" said Koichi Yoshikawa, executive director of financial markets at Standard Chartered Bank. 
Other safe-haven assets also rose. The Swiss franc hit a four-month high of 1.0750 francs per euro , its highest level since late June, while gold reached a four-week high of $1,297 per ounce. 
Oil prices fell for the fourth day in a row, sliding to one-month lows. Brent crude futures fell more than 1 percent to $47.53 per barrel, and U.S. crude was down as low as $46.06 . Oil has lost 10 percent in the last two weeks. 
Story contribution by Reuters ; Commentary by TRUNEWS Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",0
19674,"Trump’s Inaugural Parade Lineup: Border Patrol Pipes and Drums Corps Joins Marchers from Student, First Responder, and Military Units","The Presidential Inaugural Committee announced Friday that 8, 000 marchers from 40 bands and equestrian units accepted invitations for the parade after   Donald J. Trump and Vice   Michael R. Pence are sworn in at the Capitol on January 20. [“People from every corner of the country have expressed great interest in   Trump’s inauguration and look forward to continuing a salute to our republic that spans more than two centuries,” said Sara Armstrong, CEO of the Presidential Inaugural Committee.  “As participants follow in the footsteps of our new president and vice president down Pennsylvania Avenue, they will be adding their names to the long list of Americans who have honored our country by marching in the inaugural parade,” Armstrong said. In addition to the Border Patrol Pipes and Drums Corps, parade participants include high school and university marching bands, equestrian corps, first responders, and veterans groups, she said. Trump and Pence will be sworn in on the West Front of the United States Capitol. Joining them will be their families, members of Congress, the U. S. Supreme Court, Diplomatic Corps and other distinguished invited guests. The day before the January 20 transfer of power, a   ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery will take place, followed by  a concert by the Lincoln Memorial. All branches of the military, including cadets from the service academies, will be represented. Below is the list of Inaugural Parade participants, in alphabetical order: 1st Cavalry Division Horse Cavalry Detachment  —   Fort Hood, Texas1st Infantry Commanding General’s Mounted Color  —   Ft. Riley, KansasBoone County Elite   Equestrian Drill Team  —   Burlington, KentuckyCaisson Platoon, Fort Myer  —   Fort Myer, VirginiaCleveland Police Mounted Unit  —   Cleveland, OhioCoastal Florida Police  Fire Pipes  Drums  —   Palm Coast, FloridaColumbus North High School Band  —   Columbus, IndianaCulver Academy Equestrian  —   Culver, IndianaFirst Troop Philadelphia City Cavalry  —   Philadelphia, PennsylvaniaFishburne Military School Army JROTC Caissons Battalion  —   Fishburne, VirginiaFrankfort High School Band  —   Ridgeley, West VirginiaFranklin Regional High School Panther Marching Band  —   Murrysville, PennsylvaniaIndianapolis Metro Police Motorcycle Drill Team  —   Indianapolis, IndianaKids Overseas  —   Richmond Hill, GeorgiaLil Wranglers  —   College Station, TexasMarist College Band  —   Poughkeepsie, New YorkMerced County Sheriff’s Posse  —   Hilmar, CaliforniaMichigan   Mounted Police Drill Team  Color Guard  —   Ann Arbor, MichiganMid America Cowgirls Rodeo Drill Team  —   New Buffalo, MichiganNassau County Firefighters Pipes  Drums  —   East Meadow, New YorkNorth Carolina Vietnam Helicopter Pilots Association  —   Hillsborough, North CarolinaNYPD Emerald Society Pipes  Drums  —   East Moriches, New YorkOlivet Nazarene University  —   Bourbonnais, IllinoisPalmetto Ridge High School Band  —   Naples, FloridaRussellville High School Band  —   Russellville, ArkansasTalladega College Band  —   Talladega, AlabamaTexas State University Strutters  —   San Marcos, TexasThe Citadel Regimental Band  Pipes and Summerall Guards  —   Charleston, South CarolinaThe Freedom Riders  —   Kersey, ColoradoTragedy Assistance Marching Unit  —   Arlington, VirginiaTupelo High School Band  —   Tupelo, MississippiUniversity of Tennessee Marching Band  —   Knoxville, TennesseeVMI Corps of Cadets  —   Lexington, VirginiaWest Monroe High School Marching Band  —   West Monroe, Louisiana, American Veterans  —   NationalBoy Scouts of America  —   NationalU. S. Customs and Border Protection Office of Field Operations  —   NationalDisabled American Veterans  —   NationalU. S. Border Patrol Pipes  Drums  —   NationalWounded Warriors  —   National, More information about the parade, including biographies and parade order, is forthcoming. Additional participants may also be announced in the future.",0
19675,LAPD Investigating Boyle Heights Vandalism as Possible Hate Crimes Sparked by Gentrification Fight,"LAPD Investigating Boyle Heights Vandalism as Possible Hate Crimes Sparked by Gentrification Fight Brittny Mejia, Los Angeles Times, November 3, 2016 
The Los Angeles Police Department is treating three acts of vandalism in the last month targeting art galleries in Boyle Heights, including graffiti at one gallery that attacked “white art,” as possible hate crimes. 
The probe comes amid a debate in the predominantly Latino Eastside neighborhood over the growing art scene there and whether it’s part of a gentrification that some activists fear will push working-class families out. Galleries have been popping up in the area over the last few years as some artists get priced out of downtown’s Arts District and other areas. 
“We don’t know who actually did [the vandalism], but because it actually made a reference to anti-white art or anti-white, it’s basically saying that it’s a hate crime based on that,” Det. John Parra of the LAPD’s Hollenbeck station said of a vulgar curse against “white art” that in one of the incidents was spray-painted on the Nicodim Gallery. 
Boyle Heights has become a flashpoint as Los Angeles undergoes a wave of gentrification fueled by rising home prices and a renewed interest in urban neighborhoods by many. It’s already transformed once-working-class communities such as Echo Park and Highland Park. But some in Boyle Heights–for decades the heart of L.A.’s Mexican American community–have vowed to fight the change. 
In the last three years, more than a dozen galleries have appeared in the area , many in an industrial zone just west of the 101 Freeway. Community activists fear the galleries will inflate property values and push poorer residents out. 
In September, activists marched through Boyle Heights and posted mock eviction notices for “gentrifiers,” which included a couple of galleries. 
{snip} 
But the three incidents prompted the Hollenbeck Division to call a meeting with gallery owners last week to try to get an understanding of the problem and come up with a plan, including attempting to open a dialogue with the activist group Defend Boyle Heights, which has been a driving force of opposition to the galleries. 
{snip} 
On Thursday afternoon, Defend Boyle Heights issued a statement saying it was not responsible for vandalizing the galleries. 
“We don’t know who tagged up these galleries, but we . . . certainly don’t condemn it. It is right to rebel! We are glad to see the community rise up to resist displacement, art washing and gentrification–however they see fit! Your anger is justified,” the statement read. 
“Gentrification is the true, highest form of hate crime!” 
Activists have demanded that the art galleries leave the neighborhood and allow the community to decide what will take their place. 
{snip}",0
19676,Obstruction of Justice – Hillary Clinton Could Face 20 YEARS In Prison,"Home » Headlines » World News » Obstruction of Justice – Hillary Clinton Could Face 20 YEARS In Prison 
Is THIS why James Comey took the UNPRECEDENTED step of notifying Congress of the new investigation? If the FBI discovers that Hillary Clinton altered, destroyed or concealed any emails that should have been turned over to the FBI during the original investigation, she could be charged with obstruction of justice . That would IMMEDIATELY end her political career, and if she was found guilty it could send her to prison for the rest of her life… 

From Michael Snyder : 
In the world of politics, the cover-up is often worse than the original crime. It was his role in the Watergate cover-up that took down Richard Nixon, a nd now Hillary Clinton’s cover-up of her email scandal could send her to prison for a very, VERY long time. 
When news broke that the FBI has renewed its investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, it sent shock-waves throughout the political world. But this time around, we aren’t just talking about an investigation into the mishandling of classified documents. I haven’t heard anyone talking about this, but if the FBI discovers that Hillary Clinton altered, destroyed or concealed any emails that should have been turned over to the FBI during the original investigation, she could be charged with obstruction of justice. That would immediately end her political career, and if she was found guilty it could send her to prison for the rest of her life. 
I have not seen a single news report mention the phrase “obstruction of justice” yet, but I am convinced that there is a very good chance that this is where this scandal is heading. The following is the relevant part of the federal statute that deals with obstruction of justice… 
Whoever knowingly alters, destroys, mutilates, conceals, covers up, falsified, or makes a false entry in any record, document, or tangible object with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States or any case filed under Title 11, or in relation to or contemplation of any such matter or case, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. 
If Hillary Clinton is sent to prison for 20 years, that would essentially be for the rest of her life. 
I have a feeling that the FBI is going to find a great deal of evidence of obstruction of justice in Huma Abedin’s emails. But unfortunately there is not likely to be a resolution to this matter before November 8th, because according to the Wall Street Journal there are approximately 650,000 emails to search through… 
As federal agents prepare to scour roughly 650,000 emails to see how many relate to a prior probe of Hillary Clinton’s email use, the surprise disclosure that investigators were pursuing the potential new evidence lays bare building tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. 
Metadata found on the laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide, suggests there may be thousands of emails sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. It will take weeks, at a minimum, to determine whether those messages are work-related from the time Ms. Abedin served with Mrs. Clinton at the State Department; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe. 
Of those 650,000 emails, an inside source told Fox News that “at least 10,000” would be of interest to the investigation. 
At this point, FBI officials have just begun searching through the emails, after a search warrant was obtained late Sunday evening. The following comes from CNN… 
Government lawyers haven’t yet approached Abedin’s lawyers to seek an agreement to conduct the search. Sources earlier told CNN that those discussions had begun, but the law enforcement officials now say they have not. 
Either way, government lawyers plan to seek a search warrant from a judge to conduct the search of the computer, the law enforcement officials said. 
But the FBI is reportedly already searching a laptop that was co-owned by Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin, and no warrant was necessary for that search because Weiner is cooperating with the FBI. 
Many have been wondering why FBI Director James Comey would choose to make such a bold move just over a week until election day. Surely he had to know that this would have a dramatic impact on the election, and it is unlikely that he would have done so unless someone had already found something really big. In addition, Comey was reportedly eager to find an opportunity to redeem himself in the eyes of his peers at the FBI. The following is an excerpt from a Daily Mail article that was written by Ed Klein, the author of a recently released New York Times bestseller about the Clintons entitled “Guilty As Sin“… 
‘The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn’t recommend an indictment against Hillary,’ said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week. 
‘Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,’ said the source. ‘They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.’ 
According to the source, Comey fretted over the problem for months and discussed it at great length with his wife, Patrice. 
He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. 
So what happens next? 
In the most likely scenario, the FBI will not have time to complete the investigation and decide whether or not to charge Hillary Clinton before the election. This means that we would go into November 8th with this scandal hanging over the Clinton campaign, and that would seem to be very good news for Donald Trump. 
However, it is possible that once the FBI starts searching through these emails that they could come to the conclusion very rapidly that charges against Clinton are warranted, and if that happens we could still see some sort of announcement before election day. 
In the unlikely event that does happen, we could actually see Hillary Clinton forced out of the race before November 8th. 
Once again, this appears to be very unlikely at this point, but it is still possible. 
If Clinton was forced to step aside, the Democrats would need to come up with a new nominee, and that process would take time. In an article later today on The Most Important News I will reveal who I believe that nominee would be. 
In such a scenario, the Democrats would desperately need time to get their act together, and so we could actually see Barack Obama attempt to delay or suspend the election. The legality of such a move is highly questionable, but Barack Obama has not allowed a little thing like the U.S. Constitution to stop him in the past. 
This week is going to be exceedingly interesting – that is for sure. 
The craziest election in modern American history just keeps getting crazier, and I have a feeling that even more twists and turns are ahead. 
It sure seems ironic that Anthony Weiner is playing such a central role this late in the story, and I can’t wait to see what is in store for the season finale.",0
19677,Dolce &amp Gabbana Mocks Left-Wing Anti-Melania Protesters with ’Boycott Dolce &amp Gabbana’ T-Shirts - Breitbart,"Dolce  Gabbana has released “#BoycottDolceGabbana”   in response to   activists who threatened to boycott the company over their approval of Melania Trump.   @flotus ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ #DGWoman ❤️❤️❤️ THANK YOU 🇺🇸🇹 A post shared by stefanogabbana (@stefanogabbana) on Jun 12, 2017 at 1:58pm PDT,   DolceGabbana boycotts itself. #BoycottDolceGabbana   available from tomorrow on our Online Store. Photo by Nello Esposito, A post shared by Dolce  Gabbana (@dolcegabbana) on Jun 8, 2017 at 1:38pm PDT,   #Repost @stefanogabbana  Boycott, boycott, boycott!   the moments of #BoycottDolceGabbana The #BoycottDolceGabbana   is available on the Online Store tomorrow! A post shared by Dolce  Gabbana (@dolcegabbana) on Jun 8, 2017 at 1:36pm PDT,   ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ #boycottdolcegabbana online, A post shared by stefanogabbana (@stefanogabbana) on Jun 11, 2017 at 3:39am PDT,  After being criticized for dressing the First Lady in April, Gabbana told protesting users to “f*ck off” and “go to hell,” calling them “ignorant” for threatening to boycott the company. When other users claimed that they would never buy a Dolce  Gabbana product again, Gabbana also replied “I don’t care. Really! !” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
19678,"The Fall of the Saudis, the Battle After ISIS","Country: Iraq Iraq is going to invade and destroy Saudi Arabia. They would have done it back in 1990 except for waffling by George H.W. Bush who had initially authorized the move and then rescinded approval, according to statements made by former Congressman Ron Paul, based on WikiLeaks State Department hacks. Saddam was blocked in 1990, and that may well have been a huge mistake on the part of everyone involved. When the US returned in 2003, it was Saudi cash that financed the Sunni Wahhabist was against the coalition government in Baghdad, a war that continues to this day, with the same cast of characters, the same Saudi cash, but they now call it “ISIS.” 5000 Americans died fighting Saudi paid jihadists. Saudi Arabia has always known that Iraq has only allowed them to continue their mischief so long as they served a purpose. When the war with Iran ended in 1988, that purpose had ended also. Saudi mischief in Iraq, playing tribe against tribe, pushing for Kurdish separatism and partnering with Israeli intelligence, ramped up as America scaled back her military presence under President Obama. By 2014, a logistics and command structure to destroy both Syria and Iraq had been established, headquartered in the Saudi embassies in Beirut and Amman and operating military operations centers, designed and built by the Israelis, at key locations in Turkey and quickly bolstered by satellite facilities across Iraq and Syria. The Saudi’s were feeling time getting away from them, their decades of military buildup, based on endless oil and investment performance, no long sustainable. They had to knock out Syria and Iraq, using Israel, Turkey and NATO as surrogates, push the US into destroying Iran and cleanse Yemen of threats. They bribed everyone they got near. Were the Saudi’s really the ones behind the Arab spring? Do we see the hands of Saudi Arabia when Israel channels Hamas fighters into the Yarmouk Camp, outside Damascus, to bolster ISIS forces? These are the telling events few see, but that prove the hypothesis and provide what is needed to predict a future that may well no longer include the Dark Kingdom. With a world obsessed with Islamic extremism and terror threats, why is no one looking at where it comes from, who finances, whose ideas are behind it and who it serves? With fingers pointing at the Mossad or CIA and so many others, the real issue is Wahhabism and the real root of it all is Saudi Arabia. There is no version of 9/11 that doesn’t credit Saudi Mohammed Atta as planner of 9/11, whether assisted by Israeli art students or Osama bin Laden, depending on which theories you follow. The Saudi’s did it and American civil courts are busy now assessing the damages. Oil money and sovereign immunity and, oh yes, control of the UN Human Rights Council, from which Russia was just expelled, protect them also, despite their abuses and love of head chopping. What is playing out now will lead only one direction, to a stronger Iraq, one under Shiite control with the economically powerful Sunni families, quietly migrating to their second homes in Dubai and Qatar. The crippled military the US saddled Iraq with will be gone, replaced by powerful Iranian trained militias. The American trained army joined ISIS. Had Prime Minister Maliki, back in 2014, been more aware of the threat, he would have moved against the Army. That, however, would have renewed the civil war, a war that could only have been ended with Iranian military intervention and Iran was still reeling with sanctions and the threat of American invasion. That threat is gone also. That world is gone, or soon will be as is being played out in Mosul and Aleppo. No one would have imagined Baghdad’s resolve or the partnership between Russia and Iran. Still in question is Turkey’s role. It is clear someone promised them Aleppo and Mosul, as is reflected in their military incursions into Syria and Iraq. If Saudi Arabia thinks Turkey will lift a hand to block Iraq’s wrath, they are delusional. Turkey knows it can have peace with Iran and that both share similar ideas about the Kurds. This far outweighs any Turkish ambitions to the South. Turkey may well be planning a new Ottoman Empire, but Saudi Arabia is not in the cards for Turkish occupation. This leaves the protection of the United States and the upcoming election. Is there any American political leader that would oppose Iraq were they to hit Saudi Arabia, by 2020 or 2021? The prediction is that Iraq will come out of this war intact and, if they do, with a victorious army for the first time genuinely answerable to Baghdad and reeling from the battle of Mosul, likely to leave 20,000 civilians dead in its wake or more, the national enmity for Saudi Arabia will know no bounds. The Sunni gangsters from Anbar that aligned with the Saudis are mostly dead, many beheaded by ISIS. The promised Kurdish state in Erbil, the so-called “Barzani Sultanate” will not be handed control of the massive Kirkuk oil fields and the Ceyhan Pipeline by ISIS, as may well have been planned. Without these assets, Erbil will still enjoy a strong commercial presence but will never be able to reach into the Kurdish diaspora and bring the millions home and under questionable rule, subject to Erbil’s deal making with everyone. Eventually Erbil will become a ghost town, the sons that returned will again migrate and Turkish ambitions, seemingly undone, will be fulfilled. As it appears now, Iraq will survive. Iraq also knows that what Saudi Arabia tried twice, they will try again and that the only way Iraq can be free is if Saudi Arabia falls. And then there is Iran. Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War that has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades and consulted with governments challenged by security issues. He’s a senior editor and chairman of the board of Veterans Today , especially for the online magazine “ New Eastern Outlook .” Popular Articles",0
19679,SGT Report and Dr. Richard Sauder: DEEP UNDERGROUND BASES & THE SATANIC BREAKAWAY STATE [VIDEO],"DEEP UNDERGROUND BASES & THE SATANIC BREAKAWAY STATE — Dr. Richard Sauder Published on Sep 30, 2016 With more than $6.5 TRILLION missing from the Pentagon and countless top secret deep underground military and government bases scattered across the United States, it’s clear that the deep state – or breakaway civilization – is taking our nation, and the world, in a very dangerous direction. Author Dr. Richard Sauder joins me to discuss his studied work in this area, work which has led Sauder to conclude, “This is a battle for the planet and the brood of vipers has set up its nest within the bowels of the so-called United States and so-called United States military and the associated alphabet soup agencies.” 
NOTE: Richard is living in Ecuador and could use our help. If you would like to donate to Richard, any amount will help. Richards writes: 
Here is how people can donate to me: 
1) People can send me Amazon.com gift cards at dr.samizdat1618@gmail.com using the link: https://www.amazon.com/Amazon-Amazon-… 
2) I can receive Bitcoin at: 1Dht92qEzCmvuLRKQD2MSJ1JdQ7rFRMVdA 
Those are the easiest ways. I do not have a bank account and cannot feasibly get one at present. 
3) I can also receive modest non-bank money transfers, but people should e-mail me at dr.samizdat1618@gmail.com for the details as to how to do that. 
Best regards,",0
19680,AMERICAN BRAINWASH: THE FREE PRESS IN ACTION,"shorty Share This: T he Orwellian system of “news” distribution which passes for journalism in the United States has never been so hyperactive and audacious, its lies breaking all previous records for sheer cynicism and outright dishonesty. In this space we aim to offer samples, for the record, as it were, although just about ALL the reporting on the MSM on any topic of interest to the US-led plutocracy—from Syria to the Ukraine and Russia, China, Iran, etc, and reports touching on the nature of the US political system (which the plutocracy and its minions continue to hail as a “democracy”), history, the economy, etc., are to be regarded as extremely devious and toxic. .. The saddest part is that this enormous machinery of deception—which by design weaves crude and subtle lies in its tapestry— does have a real and dangerous impact on the way people think here and around the world, and certainly affects the minds and temperaments even of many people who still think of themselves as “progressive” and well educated. Given the multitude of instances, there is no way we can provide on this site a blow by blow analysis of these people’s treacherous statements and pseudo facts. The ONLY antidote we can think of is for you to educate your mind to detect falsehoods by reading regularly sites like The Greanville Post. Eventually you will spot the chicanery a mile away and take appropriate defensive measures. And, we hope, fight back. DISINFORMER OF THE DAY: CBS CORRESPONDENT ELIZABETH PALMER Things to note in this report: • Palmer is reinforcing the American establishment/Clinton propaganda trope that the Kremlin has actually interfered with the purity of US elections (sic). This is not just a Clinton-disseminated lie, but a lie pushed by the entire US establishment as it prepares the nation for war against Russia, China or any other nation that would dare deviate from or question US global hegemony. • Palmer, besides having an anti-Russia agenda, like all US “journalists’ is grossly ignorant of the culture it is reporting about, and obviously intellectually lazy. So she gravitates to what is easy, in this case dependable pro-US shills living in Moscow, like the editor of the Moscow Times, an outfit that is simply laughable on its face. This is what she uses to help her audience “interpret” the reality in Russia. The Moscow Times, with an equivocal agenda, is part of the extensive, underhanded network of US hybrid war assets, along with its notorious global web of NGOs supporting “color revolutions” in the name of “democracy,”“human rights” and other worthy, high-falutin’ concepts. RESOURCES The Greanville Post and its sister site, Cyrano’s Journal carry extensive repositories dedicated to the study of disinformation. Below, some links that may serve as a down payment on this important area of study. We suggest that you read and download these, for we are not sure how long we may stay afloat.",0
19681,Giant Coral Reef in Protected Area Shows New Signs of Life - The New York Times,"In 2003, researchers declared Coral Castles dead. On the floor of a remote island lagoon halfway between Hawaii and Fiji, the giant reef site had been devastated by unusually warm water. Its remains looked like a pile of drab dinner plates tossed into the sea. Research dives in 2009 and 2012 had shown little improvement in the coral colonies. Then in 2015, a team of marine biologists was stunned and overjoyed to find Coral Castles, genus Acropora, once again teeming with life. But the rebound came with a big question: Could the enormous and presumably still fragile coral survive what would be the hottest year on record? This month, the   research team finished a new exploration of the reefs in the secluded Phoenix Islands, a tiny Pacific archipelago, and were thrilled by what they saw. When they splashed out of an inflatable dinghy to examine Coral Castles closely, they were greeted with a vista of bright greens and purples  —   unmistakable signs of life. “Everything looked just magnificent,” said Jan Witting, the expedition’s chief scientist and a researcher at Sea Education Association, based in Woods Hole, Mass. Global climate change is wreaking havoc on corals worldwide. Coral bleaching has caused extensive damage to regions extending from the Great Barrier Reef to the Caribbean and nearly everywhere in between. “Threats to tropical coral reefs worldwide have escalated to a level that imperils the survival of these complex, diverse and beautiful ecosystems,” Janice M. Lough, an Australian researcher, wrote in a February opinion piece in Nature. Coral can be severely damaged by rising water temperatures, which cause acidification, as well as by pollution and human activity like tourism, fishing and shipping  —   prompting some governments to restrict such activities. If Coral Castles can continue to revive after years of apparent lifelessness, even as water temperatures rise, there might be hope for other reefs with similar damage, said another team member, Randi Rotjan, a research scientist who led and tracked the Phoenix Islands expedition from her base at the New England Aquarium in Boston. No one actually knows what drives reef resilience or even what a coral reef looks like as it is rebounding. In remote,     places, our understanding of coral is roughly akin to a doctor’s knowing only what a patient looks like in perfect health and after death, Dr. Rotjan said. Coral Castles’s revival might be an isolated situation, a fluke in a faraway place. But Dr. Rotjan and her team are on a quest to find out why this coral and other reefs nearby came back to life. “There’s a recipe book that can be developed out of what we’re learning here,” Dr. Witting said. “You need to make a strong case that this can work before anyone else will try it. ” The lagoon sits in the middle of the largest of the Phoenix Islands, which are inhabited by just a few dozen people, part of the island nation of Kiribati (pronounced  ). The   chain has been listed as a World Heritage Site for its beauty and abundance of wildlife: birds, sea turtles, schools of fish, deepwater sleeper sharks and 200 species of coral. The area has also been a cemetery for sunken ships since voyagers first set out across the Pacific. To understand the stresses facing corals  —   from pollution and climate change, for example  —   researchers would like to isolate each problem. Almost everywhere on Earth, corals must endure climate change and human activity. But not in the    Phoenix Islands Protected Area, created by the government in 2008. Shipping lanes skirt the preservation area. Commercial fishing there ceased last year. Dr. Rotjan, who is also the chief scientist for the area’s conservation trust, said the recent protections might have fostered the coral rebound. The algae that live in corals may also be evolving to cope with warmer temperatures, or hardier coral species may be supplanting others, she said. In a letter published in Nature earlier this year, another global team of researchers reported a similar coral recovery after they reduced the acidity in three lagoons in the southern Great Barrier Reef, off Queensland, Australia. Carbon emissions increase the acidity of seawater. “It’s encouraging, because if we do the right things, health might restore in a pretty responsive manner,” said Rebecca Albright, one of the paper’s authors and a postdoctoral scientist at Stanford University. But few creatures are more vulnerable to ocean acidification from climate change than corals, which have been declining for decades. About a quarter of the carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere is absorbed by the world’s oceans, measurably lowering their pH levels, Dr. Albright said. Forecasters predicted this year would be the warmest on record, driven by the El Niño weather event that started relatively close to the Phoenix Islands. Late last year, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration declared the   global coral bleaching event, affecting corals in every tropical ocean, and declared that the   was being prolonged by El Niño. The crisis has made the work in the Phoenix Islands even more crucial, said Verena Schoepf, a coral expert at the University of Western Australia. “It’s critical that we understand what happened there, because that would help us understand how corals might be able to cope with climate change in the long run,” she said. Corals are “animal, vegetable and mineral all rolled into one,” Dr. Rotjan said as she held up displays. The   mineral part, beige with white patches, resembles a featherweight stone full of holes. In a small vial of liquid, she points to the animal part: small beads linked by connective tissue. These living beads act as mouths, drinking in nutrients, and make the calcium carbonate that forms their protective home. The animal shares this structure symbiotically with algae that photosynthesize sunlight, producing food that the animal eats. Warming water can cause the coral to expel its algae, leading to bleaching. Acidic water weakens a coral’s calcium carbonate skeleton, so it cannot contain the coral and grow. And when the nutrients in the surrounding water change, the coral may have trouble getting food. Adjusting to climate change, Dr. Rotjan said, is not just about getting used to warmer water. A coral depends on its entire context  —   its ecosystem, the mineral content of the surrounding water, the sociopolitical climate of nearby human populations. (Reefs off the coast of Somalia, in Africa, may be unusually healthy, for instance, because most boaters have been scared away by pirates, she said.) Even old shipwrecks make a difference. As the Pacific grows warmer, rusting hulks alongside the Phoenix Islands seem to be releasing more iron oxides. The corals nearest the wrecks are not rebounding as well as those farther away, suggesting that the minerals interfere with coral resilience, according to another member of the team, Sangeeta Mangubhai. Climate change isn’t just about heating water, Dr. Rotjan said. “It’s about the little sparks along the way that no one is expecting. We flipped the switch, and now we’re watching the fireworks. ” The difference between this year and last is striking, Dr. Witting said. Last fall, in the thick of El Niño, the team’s boat had to use its motor for the whole journey from Hawaii this year, there has been enough wind for the team to sail. “Last year, the whole place was holding its breath,” Dr. Witting said. This summer, it has sprung to life with plankton visible everywhere, he said, comparing it to a garden that is six times as productive as usual. “The whole ocean’s in bloom this year. ” The fluctuations of nature are a part of life, of course, and the corals adapt to these variations. Last year, after visiting Coral Castles, the research team headed to American Samoa to see another giant coral, known as Big Momma, genus Porites, which is among the planet’s largest and oldest, and had been on Dr. Rotjan’s bucket list. “It is 40 meters in circumference, bigger than the size of this room” she said in a conference room. “She was around   and now she’s around for the world’s biggest bleaching event. ” It’s still unclear how Big Momma weathered El Niño, which came just a year after another bleaching event. “Are we the last ones to see her alive and healthy?” Dr. Rotjan asked. “I hope not. ”",0
19682,"Judge Jeanine to Establishment GOP: ’You’re in Power, Damn It! Do Something, Pass Something, Cut This Kumbaya Crap’ - Breitbart","Fox News Channel’s Jeanine Pirro went after the GOP establishment Saturday on “Justice. ”  Pirro accused the establishment Republicans leaders of watching the Democrats “railroad their president, and then urged them to prove their loyalty by convincing everyone that they are not in on the “effort to take down” President Donald Trump. “The Republican establishment not fighting for the    as day after day they watch him being savaged, forcing him to defend himself and run the country. Think about it. If he’s knocked out, the succession is clear and things go back to the way they were,” Pirro said. “You’re in power, damn it!” she later exclaimed. “Do something, pass something, cut this kumbaya crap, put on your big boy pants and act like you’re in power, act like you give a damn! And more importantly, convince us that you are not in on the effort to take down the president of the United States. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
19683,Ciccotta: Guest Speaker’s Call to Violence Reveals Bucknell’s Radicalism - Breitbart,"Black Lives Matter activist and Christian minister Nyle Fort, a doctoral candidate at Princeton University who calls for revolutionary violence in the face of “white supremacist terror,” will return to Bucknell University this week. [As a part of an ongoing lecture series organized by the Griot Institute at Bucknell University entitled, “The Black Body (Re) Considered,” activist Nyle Fort will return to campus to “explore the moral and spiritual dimensions of the Black Lives Matter movement. ” His lecture is   by the English department.  In the   2014 issue of Syndicate Theology, a   periodical, Fort wrote,”under conditions of white supremacist terror, revolutionary violence can be an expression of Christian love. ” I addressed Mr. Fort’s work last year in the introduction to an event featuring   editor Milo Yiannopoulos, arguing that that the administration’s liberal politics motivated their respective responses (or lack thereof) to the Yiannopoulos and Fort events. Before Yiannopoulos spoke at Bucknell last February, the administration sent out a   email to calm the community’s concerns over his upcoming visit. Bridget Newell, then the university’s Associate Provost for Diversity, suggested that Yiannopoulos’ values contradicted the “qualities of inclusiveness and respect that we want to emulate” at Bucknell. Although he criticized President Obama and the Black Lives Matter movement in his event at Bucknell, Yiannopoulos argued that “there is stuff left to do on race in America  …    ( ) are still owed something. ” Yiannopoulos addressed the struggles faced particularly by   females, who he suggested are on the receiving end of   institutional discrimination. Just weeks before Yiannopoulos appearance, Fort spoke at Bucknell without the smallest amount of resistance from those in the community on the right. This week, he’ll return to Bucknell in the aftermath of an incident in which Bucknell Professor Marcellus Andrews slandered my peers and me, publicly calling us “racists” and instructing students to “impose a steep and lasting price” on us for organizing last year’s Yiannopoulos event. “I praise Mr. Ciccotta for helping the young and dark understand that there is not much that the administration can do about racism on campus, because y’all can’t,” Bucknell Professor Marcellus Andrews wrote in an email to University President John Bravman and I after I brought my concerns over Andrews’ conduct to the administration. If there were to be “revolutionary violence” at Bucknell, as Fort calls for, who would it be directed towards? In a political climate in which the labels “racist” and “white supremacist” are thrown around arbitrarily without hesitation, and sometimes, without legitimate cause, Fort’s call for violence should be deeply concerning to university administrators that host him on their campuses. Fort even acknowledges that his theories on violence are controversial, but justifies his radicalism by arguing that the theological concept of a god being “one in three persons” is equally controversial, but nonetheless worthy of serious consideration. To say Christian love can embody revolutionary violence is controversial. But so is saying God is “One in three persons”! Just because something is controversial doesn’t mean we shouldn’t take it seriously or even embrace it. The idea of the Trinity is controversial to many as is revolutionary violence. Interestingly, however, most Christians are silent about State violence on black bodies, and yet condemn the very idea of those same bodies engaging in counter, revolutionary violence. He adds that Christians must start to recognize “that the face of Jesus Christ is the body of Michael Brown,” because “Jesus shows up in the suffering of black bodies and all the world’s cruciﬁed peoples. ” Fort, of course, should be allowed to speak, even without a disclaimer from the University, but it is concerning that the same community that took such issue with Yiannopoulos’ brand of provocation and humor gave Minister Fort, and his justification of violence in the name of Christianity, a warm embrace, and will do so again this week at Bucknell a second time. This isn’t a conversation about violence, but rather the failure of university administrations to act objectively when faced with   matters. Last week, before American Enterprise Institute Scholar Charles Murray spoke at Middlebury College, the school’s president Laurie Patton injected her personal politics into the discussion and denouncing his scholarship, claiming that she “profoundly disagrees with much of Mr. Murray’s views. ” In January, Dean of Students Amy Badal attended a candlelight vigil held at Bucknell in response to President Trump’s executive order on immigration. Can students feel comfortable expressing their support of such legislation on campus if administrators like Badal are willing to take such a strong and public stance? Instead of defending my peers and I against Andrews’ threat and accusations of racism, Badal and the administration claimed that I had “mischaracterized” the email (which you can read in its entirety here). The administration argued that the university “values and encourages the free exchange of diverse ideas and perspectives,” despite the texts assigned throughout my economics curriculum consisting almost exclusively of leftist and   market perspectives. University administrators must adopt an objective set of moral principles that isn’t derived from partisan ideology if they are to ensure that all students are treated fairly, educated comprehensively, and so that they can rightfully condemn conduct that infringes upon students’ ability to participate in the tradition of open intellectual inquiry upon which the academy was founded. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about education and social justice for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
19684,Pioneertown Wants to Be the New Old West - The New York Times,"YUCCA VALLEY, Calif.  —   The Pioneertown Motel is a dusty,   inn with 20 rooms in a remote community named Pioneertown, in the middle of the desert in Southern California. The motel, recently renovated by its new owners, has an outdoor makeshift lobby and offers few amenities aside from morning coffee,   and a parking space large enough for a pickup truck outside each room’s door. Across the parking lot is a street that was built as a film set, with an   saloon, post office, bowling alley and a trading post. In April, the motel was fully booked, with a wait list. Hundreds of music lovers had caravaned from the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio, Calif. looking for a party. They found it in Pioneertown where a   jamboree called the Speakeasy was in full swing.     and their   boyfriends sprawled out on colorful couches under tents outside the motel. They drank canned beer and smoked cigarettes by day, huddling around firepits at night, starlight and guitars in ample supply. This setting may seem incongruent to its backdrop. But this is the new Old West. Pioneertown, 125 miles outside Los Angeles, was founded in 1946 by a group of Hollywood legends including Roy Rogers, Gene Autry, Russell Hayden and Dick Curtis. They were tired of traveling far to film the westerns that were popular at the time. They built facades and spaces to replicate a   western town, as well as the motel, where they stayed up into the night, drinking, playing cards, staging duels and then sleeping it off before starting again. The dream of turning Pioneertown into a permanent playground with golf courses, hotels, restaurants and large homes never materialized. There wasn’t enough money or water. But 70 years later, Pioneertown is having something of a renaissance, thanks to an influx of artists, entrepreneurs and other beautiful people from Los Angeles, Silicon Valley and New York City looking for a new hub for work and play. Julian T. Pinder, a filmmaker, moved to Pioneertown in 2014 from Los Angeles with his wife, Yasmina Jones. Their friends were perplexed by their decision to do so, initially. “At first they are like: ‘What are you doing in the middle of the desert? What do you do up there? You are insane,” said Mr. Pinder, 34. “Then they come up here and stay for a weekend, and they meet all these amazing artists and everyone is just totally laid back and there is a stress level that is gone. ” Mr. Pinder and Ms. Jones were attracted to Pioneertown as an alternative to the Los Angeles lifestyle. “We were paying six grand a month, and we were doing jobs we didn’t want to do,” he said. “Finally, I said: ‘Forget it. Instead of wasting this money on rent, I can come here and buy 40 acres for 100 grand. ’” Theirs is one of the first homes seen when driving from the main highway into Pioneertown. Mr. Pinder and Ms. Jones renovated what was a     mining cabin into an airy family home that has huge windows, a beamed roof, an open kitchen and 40 acres of uncultivated land. Somewhat by necessity, Mr. Pinder has learned to kill rattlesnakes. Pioneertown is an unincorporated community, so small that you can address parcels with someone’s first name and they will arrive at the right place. You can drive for miles without seeing another human or even a building people’s homes can be about a   drive apart. The boulders, the sand and the Joshua trees make the landscape look otherworldly. Cellphone service is spotty. But the remoteness is among its greatest attributes, say people who have moved there recently. Yves Kamioner, a Belgian jewelry designer, and his partner, Hugh Glenn, a retired   executive, left their New York life and their Fifth Avenue apartment four years ago. Since then, they have bought and restored three homes in the area, including one that came with a church. “The desert is a blank page, and people come here to reinvent themselves,” said Mr. Kamioner, 59. “You are like a kid again. There is oxygen up here. ” Claire Wadsworth, a teacher, and Nikki Hill, a chef, were residents of Los Angeles when they took a weekend visit to Pioneertown in April 2015. They decided on the spot to move there. “Someone told us there was a restaurant for sale, and 10 days later we had the keys,” said Ms. Wadsworth, 31, who married Ms. Hill, 33, last year. “We were just so in love and wanting something different in life,” Ms. Wadsworth said. The couple opened the doors to their new restaurant, La Copine, in the area about six months ago. It would be hard to find the tiny restaurant, on the side of a sparsely populated   highway, if not for the crowds of people and cars that always surround it when it’s open  —   mostly for brunch, Thursday to Sunday. The crowd could rival that of the newest haunt in the West Village: Beautiful artist or graphic designer couples come with friends to laugh and gossip over juice spritzers and organic   grits. To kick off the Speakeasy festival in April, La Copine hosted an     dinner of spring pea and tendril salads and coq au vin (wine was B. Y. O. B.) for locals and tourists alike. The local music business is growing. Rocco Gardner, a   musician, has built a     music recording studio. “We now have the stuff you need to have Beyoncé come and stay and record,” he said. This spring, he gave a party to show off the studio. Musicians, actors and other scantily dressed,   partygoers took selfies in the hot tub against the unobstructed views of valleys and Joshua trees. The fashion scene, with an aesthetic influenced by Pioneertown’s proximity to music festivals, is developing as well. Promised Land, a vintage store, opened five months ago nearby. Its racks and shelves are overflowing with Bohemian skirts, maxi dresses, jumpsuits and leather jackets. Jay Carroll, 36, a brand consultant who once was a creative director for Levi’s, moved to Pioneertown in 2015. With a partner, he is starting a men’s wear line. With his wife, Alison, he is starting a company called Wonder Valley that sells olive oil. Mr. Carroll understands the lure of the dusty western town. “I’m sure it correlates to the fact that the market in L. A. has gone up,” he said. “There is also the fact that simple living is such a new hot topic with young people, and this is definitely a place you can do it with it being two hours from L. A. ” Not everyone is excited about the newness of the old Pioneertown. Jim Austin, 58, has lived there for 12 years in a house called Rimrock Ranch on a quirky plot of land with numerous structures, including a red barn with the word “breathe” written on it. Nearby, there is a display of rocks in the shape of a heart that surrounds two Joshua trees. From some vantage points, it looks like trees are kissing. Mr. Austin came to Pioneertown when it was truly a sleepy nowheresville. Now he thinks it is time to move on. He sold the ranch to a young couple from Oakland. “It is a little too crowded for me,” he said. “It was time for me to bug off rather than becoming that grumpy old dude trying to stop change. ” Matt and Mike French, brothers from Portland, Ore. are among those fueling the change. Mike, 27, and Matt, 32, bought the Pioneertown Motel in December 2014, after discovering it while visiting their parents in Palm Springs, 30 miles away. After a refurbishment of the hotel, the brothers celebrated its reopening, welcoming some 80 friends and relatives to Pioneertown. They enjoyed an outdoor dinner under the stars, a sunrise dance party and hikes in Pioneertown Mountains Preserve. “We want to be the door to the desert,” Mike said.",0
19685,Suspected Cartel Boss Who Burned Hundreds of Victims Killed,"MATAMOROS, Tamaulipas  —   While authorities and cartel gunmen have been fighting for days Reynosa, this border city has managed to avoid most of the recent violence. However during a recent gun battle, one of the most feared cartel leaders allegedly responsible for having incinerated hundreds of victims was killed. [Known only as “El Fily” or “Ciclon 40” the burly man who was covered in tattoos has been singled out as one of the most bloodthirsty leaders within the Gulf Cartel. Citizen journalists and unofficial sources point to the feared criminal having been killed during a recent gun battle with authorities this week along the highway that leads to the area known as Playa Azul. El Fily was in charge of the areas including Camino Real, El Longoreño, El Ranchito and other rural communities leading to Playa Azul.   A series of photographs published by citizen journalists appear to show Fily’s   body after he apparently died in combat.  The photographs show the corpse wearing black clothing with a tactical vest. The man seemed to be clutching an   rifle and a   pistol. Authorities have not released any official information that confirms or disproves the death of the man known as Fily.  Breitbart Texas previously reported about how the Gulf Cartel, through Fily, had incinerated countless bodies in the rural community known as La Bartolina. Breitbart Texas interviewed a former cartel hitman who confirmed that in the Bartolina, also known as La Cocina, the criminal organization would have incinerated about 500 victims reducing them only to ash. The case was   by state authorities under the previous administration who claimed that forensic specialists were not able to tell if the remains found in shallow holes or in drums in the Bartolina were human or animal.  The incinerations would take place in barrels which were filled with fuel so the bodies could be consumed. Breitbart Texas published a video with strong images where alleged members of the Gulf Cartel kick a victim’s head while they prepared to incinerate. Editor’s Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities.  The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by “J. A. Espinoza” from Matamoros, Tamaulipas and Breitbart Texas’ Ildefonso Ortiz. ",0
19686,"Two Children, One Rich, One Poor, Gasping for Air in Delhi’s Smog - The New York Times","NEW DELHI  —   In the dense smog that engulfed India’s capital early this month, a baby named Vaishnavi gasped through the night. In the concrete room that her father and mother rent for $20 a month, they took turns staying up, laying a hand on her rib cage, feeling it move up and down. Her coughing fits became so violent that she vomited, milk mixed with ropes of sputum. Three times they thought she would not survive until morning. Twenty miles away, in an elegant,   house in an elite neighborhood, a    boy named Mehtab was also struggling to fill his lungs with air. His mother, heavily pregnant, sat beside him, administering corticosteroids through a nebulizer mask once an hour. But once an hour wasn’t enough. Mehtab’s father fought waves of panic as they waited for the sun to rise. The boy looked, to him, like a fish suffocating in the air. For seven days at the beginning of this month, a thick cloud settled over this metropolis of 20 million people. Held in place by a weather system known as an anticyclone, the pollution was pulled inward and down, trapping the people of this city in concentrations of hazardous   never before recorded here. The rich, who are buffered from so many of Delhi’s dangers, bunkered themselves inside, filtering out particles in their own air through expensive,   purifiers. But the nature of air pollution is that it is pervasive. Researchers in China have found that exposure rates for the rich and the poor are virtually indistinguishable. As average daytime levels of PM 2. 5, the most dangerous particles, passed 700 micrograms per cubic meter, 28 times the concentration the World Health Organization considers safe, the authorities in Delhi took the unprecedented step of shutting schools for three days. Protesters marched in surgical masks, carrying posters likening the city to a gas chamber. Eventually, the wind picked up, reducing the city’s pollution down to its usual, atrocious winter level. But the air quality in north India will remain dangerous for months, as poor people fight the dropping temperature by burning things  —   leaves, plastic, anything  —   to stay warm. There is a clear body of evidence that death rates, emergency room visits, heart attacks and strokes all rise when particulate concentrations are high. Recent data from the W. H. O. ’s Global Burden of Disease project indicates that the number of premature deaths related to air pollution in India has caught up with the number in China, and is now surpassing it. The   will be the very old, who are susceptible to heart disease and stroke, and the very young, whose lungs are taxed so badly by polluted air that they cannot develop normally. Children are more vulnerable because they are smaller, with shallower breaths and higher heart rates they breathe more air. In the very different homes of Vaishnavi and Mehtab, four parents are waiting to see what the rest of this winter will do to their children. Vaishnavi’s father, Ravi  —   who, like many in India, does not use a last name  —   remembers the day when he woke up and smelled something burning. The rubber casing of an electrical wire is burning, that was his first thought. He splashed his eyes with water to stop the stinging. On the ride into central Delhi, where he sells trinkets on a street corner, he passed columns of smoke:   wisps from piles of trash, and black pillars from fields where farmers were burning the straw left over from their rice harvests. Scientists had been tracking the progress of a mass of smoke via NASA satellite images, as it rose off farmers’ fields in the nearby states of Punjab and Haryana and floated across the plains toward the city, a   drift. In Delhi, it merged with emissions from cars,   power plants,   burning of trash and dust from construction. This year, the   emissions happened to arrive on the eve of Diwali, the Hindu festival of lights, when smoke from millions of celebratory fireworks typically send concentrations of the harmful PM 2. 5 particles skyrocketing. Ravi has worked on the same corner since he was a child, and his mother worked there before him. He had never seen a smog so thick that it obscured the   Hotel. He knew something was not right: He felt dizzy, as if he had been sniffing glue. What worried him more was his only child, Vaishnavi, just 18 months old, whose spasmodic nighttime cough no longer quieted with the arrival of morning. He bought her a surgical mask for 40 rupees  —   about 60 cents  —   from a merchant at an intersection, but she kept pulling it off. On the way home, he furiously jumped out of the   and confronted a man burning a pile of trash on the road. “Please don’t burn this, my daughter is crying,” he said. The man responded with a string of especially dirty abuses. The air that week was utterly still meteorologists measured both horizontal and vertical movement at nil. Madhurbain Singh Anand, the father of    Mehtab, peered into the garden behind their house as the cloud of pollution settled on the city the garden wall, maybe 20 feet away, was no longer visible. When someone opened a door, a haze filled the room. “It’s like those horror movies,” he said. “You open the door and the thing comes in. ” Mr. Anand, an executive at a clothing company, grew up in the house, and moved his family back to it from Mumbai shortly after his son, their only child, turned 2. He hoped Mehtab could enjoy the same protected Delhi boyhood that he did, tumbling out the door after school and running around with a gang of neighborhood children until dinner. But Mehtab’s life is nothing like that. In the winter, when the air quality plummets, he barely goes outside for fear of setting off his breathing problems. His mother, Guntas Kaur, enrolled him in tennis lessons, and then swimming, but both had to be cut short because of wheezing attacks. She says she had to allow him more television time instead. After a severe attack last year that led to a   hospitalization, Ms. Kaur moved Mehtab into his parents’ bedroom and set her iPhone alarm for every two hours, so she could strap on his nebulizer mask at intervals throughout the night. On the night of Diwali, the couple sat inside, listening to the neighbors celebrate. They could hear firecrackers going off outside, the expensive kind that sizzle and pop and burn for half an hour. “We were feeling so disturbed,” Ms. Kaur said. “We knew what was going to happen. ” The two children, 20 miles apart and at different ends at the economic spectrum, got sick on the same night.   hours after Diwali, the pollution had pooled close to the ground. Delhi’s airport, Indira Gandhi International, reported visibility of around 1, 000 feet, the worst conditions in 17 years. After episodic smog events, it typically takes between one and three days for severe effects to emerge in children, according to Bhargav Krishna, who manages the Public Health Foundation of India’s environmental health system and is a   of Care for Air. The crisis typically comes in the form of a lower respiratory infection, like bronchitis or pneumonia, that can become dangerous, with fluid filling the lungs and plummeting levels of oxygen in the blood. In the   migrants’ settlement where her family lives, Vaishnavi coughed incessantly: Her face was red, and the tendons on her neck were popping out. Ravi stirred from a nap to hear his wife howling. He did not sleep again until morning, but instead rubbed the baby’s feet and hands, and listened for a heartbeat. “There was not a sound coming from her,” said Bhanwari, her mother. “You hear a wheezing sound inside her. A rattling. ” Mehtab, too, was in trouble. His mother, weary of confining him, had finally allowed him to go to school, but he was sent home right away, sniffling. That much exposure to the air was enough. When night fell Ms. Kaur began administering the steroids every hour, something she had never done. He began to gasp, his rib cage heaving, 15 minutes after she removed the mask from his face. “It was really bad,” Mr. Anand said. “I can’t explain it in words, actually. ” The decisions came quickly after that. Mr. Anand brought home an air purifier that cost 29, 000 rupees  —   about $425  —   and switched it on, peering at the display to see the concentration of PM 2. 5. It was above 700 inside the house. Three days later, Ms. Kaur took Mehtab out of Delhi, boarding a train for her parents’ home, a few hours north. What shocked her was how quickly his breathing eased. They arrived at night, and he slept so peacefully that she reduced the steroid treatments to every four hours. The next morning, she watched through the window as he played outside. She called her husband, crying, and said it was time to leave Delhi. Not so for Vaishnavi. This week, she sat on her mother’s lap, sucking on a lollipop, while her aunt cooked on a clay stove in the room, filling it with fumes. The worst season here in Delhi has just begun. It will continue for three months, growing worse when the city’s vast homeless population begins setting nighttime fires for warmth, and when dropping temperatures push the emissions toward the ground. Some emergency protective measures introduced during the week after Diwali, including a moratorium on construction, have been reversed. The    Badarpur   power plant will remain shuttered until Jan. 31. But it will then reopen, and new standards being imposed on coal plants next year will apply only to newly built plants, Mr. Krishna said. “You stop being angry and start being cynical at some point,” he said. “Year after year, there are action plans issued with no  . And every year, this kind of thing happens. ” With the tourists back on the street, Vaishnavi’s father, Ravi, was back at his corner, selling trinkets. He had consulted a roadside doctor about protecting his family from air pollution, and gathered that they were supposed to eat cane sugar. He had also bought a pair of glasses to protect his eyes from the pollution, and removed several bricks from the wall of the small, airless room his family occupies, which he thought would improve air circulation. Vaishnavi had improved with a course of antibiotics, but he felt no certainty that she would survive another week like the one that followed Diwali. Or, for that matter, that anyone would notice if she did not. “Delhi people have no memory,” he said. “It would be one in a hundred who would ask me how she died. ”",0
19687,Berkeley Student Op-Ed: Free Speech Puts Student Safety at Risk - Breitbart,"A Berkeley student argues that free speech puts student safety at risk in an   for the Daily Californian this week. [Juniperangelica Xiomara   a   transgender transfer student at UC Berkeley, argues in an   for the Daily Californian this week that she will “not put down [her] lighter fuel” as long as speakers like Milo Yiannopoulos and Ann Coulter are permitted to speak on campus.  “The concepts that America is great because of our ability to share perspectives and differing opinions, that UC Berkeley is beautiful because we can discuss and organize with opposite sides of the political spectrum   …     are bullshit,”   argues, claiming instead that free speech sustains institutional structures of oppression. “This has done nothing more than maintain the white supremacist, capitalistic and patriarchal nature that allowed colonizers to protect their power centuries ago and that has allowed their descendants to elect an openly racist, queerphobic,   and   administration. ” View post on imgur. com,  “Free speech has always been a tactic used by the state to grant the illusion that all voices in this nation are valued, yet there is a reason why Black female senators are discredited and why there is a white supremacist in the Oval Office,”   argues. The column argues that free speech directly conflicts with the aims of those who seek to protect the freedoms of marginalized students, students that   believes Yiannopoulos and Coulter want dead. “I’m not here for free speech. I’m here for Black lives. I’m here for undocumented lives, queer and trans lives, femme lives, incarcerated lives and poor lives. I am here for the lives Milo Yiannopoulos and Ann Coulter want dead. I am here for the lives Donald Trump wants to ban. I am here for the lives BCR cannot fit in their “socially moderate, fiscally conservative” fantasy,”   argues.   claims that free speech principles must be dismantled if marginalized individuals are to “confront [their] oppressors. ” ” “Are we committed to our peer’s survival, or are we keeping our heads down and continuing the pursuit of a degree? Are we willing to confront our oppressors head on, or do we want to play respectability politics and support university actions that disregard communities?” Comments on the article were overwhelmingly negative, with most expressing concern over  ’s unwillingness to “put down [her] lighter fuel,” which many considered to be a direct endorsement of violence in response to political speech. “Words are words and violence are violence, and the two are not the same. In fact, the freedom to say as we think is a vital component to preventing violence, for if someone is not allowed to support their cause through speech, violence is the only option left to them,” one commenter wrote. “You endorse the suppression of dissenting opinions through violence. Lets (sic) not sugar coat your views with doublespeak about “protecting” minorities. The only things you protect are your own snowflake feelings,” another added. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
19688,Sean Hannity Spreads Fake News Story To Millions As Republicans Remain Brainwashed,"By Jason Easley on Tue, Nov 1st, 2016 at 10:23 pm Republicans are so far removed from reality that Sean Hannity spread a fake news story on his radio show, and nobody noticed the difference. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Republicans are so far removed from reality that Sean Hannity spread a fake news story on his radio show, and nobody noticed the difference. 
CNN reported, “The progression of events illustrates how fake news stories expand and spread from fringe web sites to nationally syndicated radio shows with millions of listeners. In this case, the fake news originated on a dubious site called “Your News Wire,” which publishes a mix of true, slanted and made-up news. Then, like a game of telephone, by the time the story got to Hannity, even the fake facts were wrong.” 
Some right-wing websites spread the story, which turned into a tall tale that added new details at each stop. The fake news eventually reached The Gateway Pundit, and to Sean Hannity’s radio show. 
After spreading the fake news to millions of listeners, Hannity downplayed his responsibility to get the facts right, “Bottom line it was brought up in an insignificant way, I was dealing with more important issues like HRC crimes and lies and how CNN has been colluding with the Clinton campaign and CHEATING Bernie Sanders.” 
Hannity was busy dealing with real fake issues like Hillary Clinton’s “crimes” and how the election is being stolen from Donald Trump. 
How Hannity put a fake story on the air is a perfect example of how the right-wing media echo chamber works. Nobody at any level bothered to check the facts because in the Republican Party belief has replaced fact. Conservative media knows that their audience wants confirmation of their beliefs, so that is what they provide. 
It doesn’t matter if the confirmation is true. What matters is that the audience wants it to be true. 
Sean Hannity is pushing fake news, and he doesn’t care. 
This is why there is such a disconnect between Republicans and the rest of the country. Republican voters are living in a fantasy land that Donald Trump was able to exploit and ride the whole way to the Republican nomination. 
The conservative media bubble is alive and well, and because of this, things will get a lot worse for Republicans before they begin to get better.",0
19689,"Islamic Militant Compound Discovered Inside America’s Borders, Obama Refuses To Act (Obviously)","Islamic Militant Compound Discovered Inside America’s Borders, Obama Refuses To Act (Obviously) Oct 26, 2016 Previous post 
The threat of terrorism on United States soil continues to skyrocket at the hands of Obama’s weak policies. Not only have terrorist groups like ISIS gotten stronger internationally, but they are also finding ways to resettle inside the United States and carry out attacks here. 
Within the past month, we have experienced three terrorist attacks on our own soil. A Muslim jihadi in Minnesota went on a stabbing spree the same weekend that a group of Muslims set off pressure cooker bombs in New York and New Jersey while pledging allegiance to ISIS. 
It has been reported that an Islamic compound has been spotted on American soil. The facility is known as “Islamberg,” and it has many in the area very scared and worried. 
Islamberg is located in the small town of Tompkins, Delaware County. As the video below will show, many have speculated that dozens of these Islamic compounds exist on American soil, and when these two reporters stumbled upon one, they confirmed our deepest fears. 
They wanted to investigate reports of “unusual sounds of gunfire and explosions…emanating from the compound.” 
Here is what else they found: 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
19690,United Arab Emirates Cheers Trump Immigration Policy - Breitbart,"The Foreign Minister of the United Arab Emirates, Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed al Nahyan, came out strongly in defense of President Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration Wednesday, the first such supportive comment from a Gulf Arab state. [As the Associated Press reports, Sheikh Abdullah first emphasized that the United States has the right to make a “sovereign decision” regarding its immigration policy.  Abdullah went on to defend the order itself, rather than merely acknowledging President Trump had the right to issue it. He pronounced himself satisfied with Trump’s assurances that the order was not based on religion (i. e. “ ”) and noted that only seven out of the many   countries were affected by it. He also said it was important to remember the ban would only last for three months. “Some of these countries that were on this list are countries that face structural problems. These countries should try to solve these issues  …     and these circumstances before trying to solve this issue with the United States,” the UAE’s top diplomat added. The AP observes that the UAE is traditionally a close American ally, has been involved in the fight against ISIS, hosts a U. S.    effort, “prides itself on being a tolerant,   nation,” hosts an enormous population of foreign residents, and is America’s largest Arab export market. A golf course named after Donald Trump also happens to be opening in Dubai soon. The AP does not mention that the Emirates are, or were (opinions among UAE officials vary) involved in Saudi Arabia’s coalition against the   insurgents in Yemen. As with the Saudis, Houthi forces have attacked Emirati vessels off the Yemen coast. The UAE has good reason to maintain friendly contacts with its allies. Reuters notes that Sheikh Abdullah also offered a “guarded welcome” to President Trump’s proposal for safe zones in Syria: “If the aim behind these areas is humanitarian and temporary and under an international umbrella, I think this is a basis we can work on. ”",0
19691,Congress Passes One-Week Spending Bill to Avert Government Shutdown - Breitbart,"The   Senate has joined the House of Representatives in averting a government shutdown by funding most of the federal government for one week. The Senate approved the House’s Joint Resolution (HR Res 99) on a voice vote shortly after the House passed the Continuing Resolution on a 382 to 30 voice vote. [The CR, introduced in the House on Thursday, amends the Continuing Appropriations Act of 2017.  The current CR was set to expire on Friday. “There’s no Democratic objection,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) told NBC News. ”There’s still some to be negotiated” on a   deal, “but the negotiators were up ’til 1:30 last night   …     so certainly we’re willing to give it a few more days. ” “The   measure was needed after negotiations between the two parties in Congress and the administration on a   bill fell short of Friday’s deadline,” NBC reported on Friday. “The CR also amends the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to extend through May 5, 2017, a provision that provides health care benefits for certain retired miners and their families,” the congress. gov website states. President Donald Trump has until midnight tonight to sign the Continuing Resolution.",0
19692,"People From 7 Travel-Ban Nations Pose No Increased Terror Risk, Report Says - The New York Times","When President Trump signed an executive order last month temporarily barring visitors from seven mostly Muslim countries, he said he was moving to protect the United States from terrorist attacks. The Homeland Security secretary, John F. Kelly, echoed the president, saying the travel ban was necessary because vetting procedures “in those seven countries are suspect. ” But an internal report written by intelligence analysts at Mr. Kelly’s department appears to undercut the assessment that people from the seven countries  —   Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen  —   pose a heightened threat of terrorism. The   report found that “country of citizenship is unlikely to be a reliable indicator of potential terrorist activity. ” The report adds to the difficulties the Trump administration has faced in carrying out the travel ban. Federal judges have suspended the order, and the administration has said it will redo it to withstand legal scrutiny, but has not given a timetable. The Department of Homeland Security assessment, first reported by The Associated Press, found that only a small number of people from the seven countries had been involved in   activities in the United States since the Syrian civil war began in 2011. In addition, the report noted, while terrorist groups in Iraq, Syria and Yemen pose a threat to the United States, militant groups in the other four countries have a more regional focus. The report also found that in the past six years, the terrorism threat reached much more widely than the seven countries listed  —   individuals from 26 countries had been “inspired” to carry out attacks in the United States. Furthermore, few individuals from the seven countries affected by the ban have access to the United States, the report said, noting the small numbers of visas granted by the State Department to citizens of those nations. The White House and the Department of Homeland Security sought to play down the significance of the report. The White House said that it was politically motivated and disregarded information that would have provided support for the travel ban. The Department of Homeland Security said the report was just a draft and “not a final comprehensive review of the government’s intelligence. ” Stephen Miller, a senior aide to Mr. Trump, told Fox News on Tuesday that the redrawn executive order would “have the same basic policy outcome. ” The Trump administration on Friday also took the first steps toward following through on the president’s plan to build a wall along the border with Mexico. Customs and Border Protection, an agency within the Department of Homeland Security, announced that it would begin accepting design proposals for a wall. The agency said it would need the proposals by March 10. After it chooses a list of potential vendors, full proposals would be required a few weeks later. The agency said it could make a final decision by the middle of April.",0
19693,BREAKING : DOJ Says They Will “HELP” Review the 650K Emails – TruthFeed,"BREAKING : DOJ Says They Will “HELP” Review the 650K Emails BREAKING : DOJ Says They Will “HELP” Review the 650K Emails Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 31, 2016 
Oh great, now the biased DOJ is going to “help” the FBI go through the 650K emails because they want to “HURRY THROUGH” it? 
That’s unsettling and smells of more “rigged favors” from Loretta Lynch. 
On Friday the FBI announced they were reopening the email investigation into Hillary’s mishandling of classified information. 
In a statement, the FBI said that they discovered “new emails” pertinent to the earlier investigation on “several devices.” 
We now know there were 650K emails found on Huma and Anthony’s private computer. 
How do you feel about the DOJ “helping” sift through the emails? 
I say, HELL NO! BREAKING: Justice Dept. says it’ll dedicate all needed resources to quickly review emails in Clinton case – AP This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
19694,"Introducing The Run-Up, Our New Election Podcast - The New York Times","It’s three months until Election Day. To guide you through this final, delirious phase of the presidential campaign, The New York Times is drawing on our   team of reporters, columnists, magazine writers and analysts to create a new podcast. It’s called The  . I will be your host. I’ve covered every twist and turn of the last two presidential campaigns for The Times  —   from Mitt Romney’s infamous “47 percent” remark to Barack Obama’s sudden shift on gay marriage, Marco Rubio’s debate night meltdown to Hillary Clinton’s inability to build trust. (Before that, I covered Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg’s City Hall, and that other cutthroat business: the American retailing industry.) Twice a week on The   my colleagues and I will make sense of a campaign that has baffled, shocked and reordered the political world. We’ll also bring you interviews with some of the election’s most influential figures. You’ll be able to listen to a new episode of The   each Tuesday and Friday on the digital platforms of The New York Times, as well as on iTunes, Google Play Music, Stitcher or the podcast app of your choice. If you have never listened to a podcast before, scroll down for some assistance. For our first episode, we explore whether Hillary Clinton, the most distrusted Democratic presidential nominee in a generation, is heading for an   legitimate landslide  —   and if she is, or if she comes close, what that would mean for the future of both parties. Our guests: Newt Gingrich, the former speaker of the House Amy Chozick, who covers Mrs. Clinton for The Times and Nate Cohn, a data whiz from The Upshot. A teaser from the Gingrich conversation about Trump: Take a listen, and let us know what you think. You can reach us at therunup@nytimes. com, or find me on Twitter. From a desktop or laptop  you can listen by pressing play on the button above. Or if you’re on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series. 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon. 2. Search for the series. Tap on the “search” magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen, type in “The  ” and select it from the list of results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone free. You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, just tap on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode. On your Android phone or tablet: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Play Music” with an    icon. 2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for the name of the series, and select it from the list of results. You mightmay have to scroll down to find the “Podcasts” search results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone for free. 4. Or just sample. If you ’would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, just click on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode.",0
19695,"Misconduct Complaint Against Christie Has Merit, Judge Finds - The New York Times","A citizen’s complaint accusing Gov. Chris Christie of official misconduct in the closing of traffic lanes at the George Washington Bridge in 2013 can proceed, a municipal court judge in New Jersey ruled on Thursday, raising the possibility that Mr. Christie could face a criminal indictment. The judge, Roy F. McGeady of Bergen County, found that there was probable cause to believe the governor had engaged in official misconduct in connection with the lane closings, as claimed in a complaint filed in September by William J. Brennan of Wayne. As a result of Judge McGeady’s ruling, the Bergen County prosecutor’s office must now decide whether to seek an indictment against Mr. Christie. The unexpected development, which unfolded in a courtroom that typically deals with relatively minor crimes, is the latest problem for Mr. Christie, a Republican, related to the lane closings. In his complaint, Mr. Brennan, a retired firefighter with a history of filing lawsuits against government agencies, accuses Mr. Christie of failing to order subordinates to reopen access lanes to the bridge in Fort Lee on Sept. 11, 2013, the third consecutive day the lanes had been closed. The lane closings, which paralyzed traffic in the town, erupted into a scandal that helped derail Mr. Christie’s presidential ambitions and led to federal charges against three of his allies. Federal prosecutors say the closings were meant to punish Fort Lee’s mayor, a Democrat, for declining to endorse Mr. Christie for  . Two of those allies are now on trial in federal court in Newark, accused of authorizing the closings and trying to cover up the true reason for them the third has pleaded guilty to his role in the closings and is the prosecution’s main witness. In his complaint, Mr. Brennan writes that the mayor, Mark J. Sokolich, and Fort Lee residents were deprived of “the benefit and enjoyment of their community as a consequence of this intentional   act. ” Mr. Brennan, 50, said in an interview on Thursday that he had been moved to file the complaint after a particular day of testimony in the federal trial. He said the basis for his complaint emerged when David Wildstein, who has pleaded guilty to orchestrating the   scheme, testified that Mr. Christie was told about the closings during a ceremony to mark the anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. Mr. Brennan said he was in the federal courthouse listening to Mr. Wildstein testify and later obtained a transcript of his testimony to submit along with his complaint. “Here you have a prime example of the government turning its power against the citizens, and that is the definition of totalitarianism,” Mr. Brennan said. In New Jersey, a citizen is entitled to file a criminal complaint, which is then assessed by a judge who determines whether there is enough evidence, or probable cause, to issue a summons. If a judge fails to find probable cause, the complaint is dismissed. Citizen complaints are relatively common in New Jersey’s municipal courts, said J. C. Lore III, director of trial advocacy at Rutgers Law School. “It’s usually reserved for more petty disputes, between family or neighbors,” Mr. Lore said. Many such cases are resolved through mediation at the behest of the court, he said. Still, 13, 550 citizen complaints involving indictable offenses were filed in New Jersey’s municipal courts in 2015, and 87 percent yielded findings of probable cause, according to data provided by a court spokeswoman. Brian T. Murray, a spokesman for Mr. Christie, called Mr. Brennan’s complaint “dishonorable” and accused him of being a “serial complainant and political activist with a history of abusing the judicial system. ” “The simple fact is the governor had no knowledge of the lane realignments either before they happened or while they were happening,” said Mr. Murray, who added that the governor’s lawyers planned to appeal the ruling. “This matter has already been thoroughly investigated by three separate independent investigations. ” In a letter sent to Judge McGeady before he ruled on the complaint, Mr. Christie’s lawyers argued strenuously that Mr. Brennan had not met the probable cause threshold, calling his complaint “rife with distortions. ” Mr. Brennan’s litigation history dates to 1996, when he sued the township of Teaneck, claiming he had been harassed for speaking out about safety issues, according The Record, a northern New Jersey newspaper. A jury awarded him nearly $900, 000, though a judge later reduced the amount significantly. Mr. Brennan said he earned a law degree after retiring from the Teaneck Fire Department. According to New Jersey law, obtaining a conviction of official misconduct against Mr. Christie would require proof that he deliberately refrained “from performing a duty which is imposed upon him by law or is clearly inherent in the nature of his office,” in order to benefit himself or harm someone else. Such a conviction would carry a potential prison sentence of five to 10 years. Maureen Parenta, a spokeswoman for the Bergen County prosecutor’s office, declined to comment about whether it would pursue an indictment. Gurbir S. Grewal, the acting prosecutor, was appointed by Mr. Christie.",0
19697,Countering Hillary’s Coup With a Counter Coup – or Not?,"Countering Hillary’s Coup With a Counter Coup – or Not? By DailyBellStaff - November 03, 2016 
Video: Corruption, Cooptation, Cronyism: The Hillary Clinton “Takeover”, The “Counter-Coup”, Action of America’s Intelligence Community –Global Research 
Is it possible the recent counter coup announced by Steve Pieczenik, a former official in numerous Republican administrations, is actually part of a much larger dominant social theme designed to reinforce positive perceptions regarding the most secretive and powerful government agencies? 
Global Research, one of the very best alternative websites, does us the favor of providing “ a video presentation by Dr. Steve Pieczenik, a former Deputy Assistant Secretary of State.” It has also provided us with a transcript of Pieczenik’s remarks. 
Pieczenik “has served as foreign policy expert in several US administrations including Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush.” 
More: 
The analysis and focus presented below must be taken very seriously. It sheds light on the ongoing political crisis in the US and the opposition which is developing from within the US intelligence community against the Clinton crime cabal. 
According to Steve Pieczenik, “Hillary and Bill Clinton are attempting a takeover of the United States and will stop at nothing. A coup d’état of this magnitude has never been affected in such a subtly calculated way.” 
Pieczenik goes on to explain how the FBI, CIA, Pentagon and other official military-industrial agencies have gotten together silently to fight the silent “coup” of Bill and Hillary Clinton. 
Basically the argument is that “pay-to-play” has been created by the Clinton Foundation, which is apparently under substantive investigation. 
Hillary and Bill would use their contacts and influence to push the US government into taking action in ways which enhanced the interests and profits of certain countries and individuals if they contributed to the Clinton Foundation. 
The Foundation is evidently a government-in-waiting for the Clintons and having such a large entity as their disposal enhances their power considerably. 
But both Hillary and Bill Clinton don’t seem to be very stable people. Hillary has a horrible temper and is evidently contemptuous of those beneath her. Bill Clinton has been the subject of rape accusations and organized, international drug dealing – and Hillary has evidently abetted some of his worst behavior.. 
Yet it is certainly possible that neither Bill nor Hillary are fully aware of the scale of the manipulation in which they are enmeshed, nor its timeline. Are they now part of a rapidly unfolding psyop that has its roots decades ago? 
Maybe Pieczenik, Julian Assange and others are indeed true heroes for countering the Clinton’s emergent authoritarianism, as they appear to be. This is certainly an incredibly admirable and deserved perspective. But there are other interpretations. 
Our primary purpose is to analyze elite dominant social themes and that’s why we are raising these questions, hypothetical as they may be. Hillary Clinton is an apparent threat to the what’s left of the liberties of the USA but there is a possibility, perhaps a slim one, that this new “coup” narrative is not what it seems. 
Regardless of the status of the US – corporation, democracy, republic – the US functions, day-to-day, with a certain expectation of freedom. This is why those on “right” – libertarian or conservative – are evidently shocked (on videos and in print) when the US government and those behind it take actions that one would not expect to take place in a “republic.” 
Now we are informed that this sentiment is an animating force in parts of the Pentagon, CIA, FBI, etc. The counter-argument, of course, is that the FBI, CIA and Pentagon have not usually been seen as guardians of “freedom.” 
The FBI has put hundreds if not thousands of people in jail because of flawed fingerprint and hair analysis that some in the bureau knew to be false all along. To the best of our knowledge, a lot of the damage was never properly addressed. 
The CIA is responsible for the deaths, injuries and miserable lives of millions, even billions, around the world because it represses freedom in favor of elite control of countries and their governments. 
Constitutionally speaking, the FBI and CIA probably should not exist, let alone be spread around the world. The Pentagon, which recently mislaid $8 trillion, supports CIA covert intel actions with its own more overt military activities. 
It is wonderful that people within them are supportive of freedom. But the CIA, FBI, Pentagon, etc., don’t actually work for the people in the US. At the top levels, they seem to work for the private banking interests that have installed and organized them and are pursuing a greater globalism that likely includes the destruction of the US.. 
Today there is considerable conflict between private banking interests and the alternative ‘Net media, and the people it represents. One way to reduce this conflict would be to make it clear to people who value a culture of freedom that the most authoritarian agencies in the US are secretly aligned with them. (See also our skeptical comments regarding the Brexit vote in our “populism vs. globalism articles.”) 
This seems beyond the pale and ludicrous but these banking interests are both subtle and powerful. One way or another, they evidently control the central banks of the world and thus hundreds of trillions of dollars. They may even have propagated a kind of nuclear myth, as we have pointed out here in the past, that has affected people’s sentiments and priorities for decades. 
They tend to work through the dominant social themes we analyze because they are absolutely determined that people are to back their globalist plans on a voluntary basis without knowing they are doing so. 
In the Internet era, these “memes” have begun to founder in critical ways. But those creating them continue to try. They are abetted by millions (and more), who are aligned with them professionally or emotionally – some because they don’t know any better. 
At the very top, everyone else is likely disposable (except for a handful of owners) and apt to be manipulated as necessary. 
This is probably an article that many may react to emotionally and even negatively. But we are certainly not trying to support Hillary’s campaign, only to point out that in this world not everything is at it seems, especially when it comes to authoritarian agents of the state. 
Conclusion: Your first priority is to take care of yourself and your family. Politics, especially today, seems to offer the hope of greater freedom but usually does not. For more on the issues we’ve raised, please use a search engine to find “TheDailyBell” and “populism versus globalism” ( here , here and elsewhere). These issues may be tied to an an even larger propaganda campaign.",0
19698,No Surprise: ‘Rogue One’ Triumphs at Box Office - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   The offscreen stakes were minimal: “Rogue One,” the first in a series of “Star Wars” spinoff films planned by Walt Disney Studios, was always going to be devoured by moviegoers worldwide. No test of galactic franchise sustainability here. But Disney did face a   enemy: Mother Nature, in the form of winter storms that blanketed the upper half of the United States and much of Canada. She turned out to be no match, either. “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story,” with a cast led by Felicity Jones and Diego Luna, collected an estimated $155 million at theaters in North America, on par with expectations and the   December opening on record, behind last year’s “Star Wars: The Force Awakens. ” In release in about 70 percent of the overseas market, “Rogue One” sold an additional $135. 5 million in tickets, according to Disney. “Rogue One,” about stealing blueprints to the planet vaporizer known as the Death Star, cost roughly $350 million to make and market worldwide. “We saw no real impact from the weather,” Greg Foster, chief executive of Imax Entertainment, said by phone on Sunday. “It boils down to the movie. Felicity plays an awesome character, and the movie feels very authentic to the ‘Star Wars’ universe. ” More than 700 Imax theaters played “Rogue One” worldwide, delivering the strongest opening results of the year for that   chain. While a few critics found fault with the film, which was directed by Gareth Edwards, “Rogue One” received reviews that were 84 percent positive in aggregate, according to RottenTomatoes. com, making it the   reviewed “Star Wars” entry in two decades, behind only “The Force Awakens. ” Ticket buyers gave “Rogue One” an A grade in CinemaScore exit polls, boding well for momentum in the weeks ahead. “Part of the hope here was to create a way for the uninitiated to have a way in and bring them along for future films,” said Dave Hollis, Disney’s executive vice president for theatrical distribution. About 40 percent of ticket buyers were under the age of 25. Terrible reviews most likely hurt the weekend’s other new   movie, “Collateral Beauty. ” That latest effort by Will Smith sputtered with about $7 million in ticket sales, a career low for Mr. Smith, according to comScore, which compiles box office data. “Collateral Beauty,” about a man who writes letters to Love, Time and Death, cost New Line Cinema, a division of Warner Bros. at least $60 million to make and market. On the bright side: The film could do better overseas, where Mr. Smith’s star power remains more intact. Domestic interest in “Rogue One,” on the other hand, was strong enough to prompt some fans to camp outside theaters in   temperatures one group in Ellensburg, Wash. set up an outdoor fireplace to keep warm. (Insert bad joke about the   Hoth here.) Wearing costumes to   screenings is a tradition for   “Star Wars” fans, and “Rogue One” proved to be no exception. Disney, as ever, leveraged every asset in its empire to market the film. Exclusive “Rogue One” footage was shown on   ABC. At one point, Disney used lighting effects to turn one of its theme park landmarks  —   the    golf   sphere at Epcot’s entrance in Orlando, Fla.  —   into the Death Star spaceship. An array of   merchandise stretched to a Death Star popcorn popper and clothing for dogs. Notably, Disney had to fight months of online hyperventilation over leaked news that “Rogue One” underwent extensive “reshoots,” shorthand for going back after the end of principal filming to rework certain scenes or add to them. Once upon a time, such efforts were rare  —   it’s expensive to reassemble cast and crew  —   and usually meant the movie as a whole was a train wreck. But that is no longer the case, at least not always. Movies on the scale of “Rogue One,”   productions with loads of visual effects, now schedule time for reshoots up front as a routine part of filmmaking.",0
19699,"Inverted Jenny, Object of Intrigue in Stamp World, Re-emerges After 61 Years - The New York Times","The question is, will a certain Inverted Jenny be cleared for landing at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in Manhattan in the next few days? This has nothing to do with air traffic controllers or glide paths. This has to do with a   postage stamp, one of the most famous ever printed, famous because it was a mistake. The experts say it was No. 76 on a sheet of 100 with   biplanes  —   the instantly recognizable Inverted Jennies  —   that slipped past inspectors at a printing plant in Washington in 1918, to the chagrin of postal officials and the delight of stamp collectors ever since. The World Stamp Show New York, a     jamboree for stamp people and the little pieces of paper they love, opens on Saturday. The American Philatelic Research Library, which claims that it is the rightful owner of this particular Jenny, wants to display it at the show (where a real Jenny, a restored Curtiss   biplane from the early days of airmail a century ago, will also make an appearance). But legal turbulence may stall the arrival of No. 76. There is a reward at stake  —   actually, two rewards. In 2014, the library offered a $10, 000 reward for information leading to the recovery of No. 76, which was missing at the time, and $10, 000 for another missing Jenny. At the same time, a prominent stamp dealer, Donald Sundman of Camden, N. Y. offered rewards of $50, 000 for each of the two stamps. First, some history. Of the 100 Inverted Jennies, this is not the one that was taped to an exhibit page, a big   to stamp collectors. Nor is this the Jenny that was sucked up by a vacuum cleaner when it fell out of a stamp album. That Jenny survived, but the collector who owned it soon bought another, No. 58, which is to be auctioned on May 31. Jenny No. 76 had been missing for 61 years. It disappeared at a stamp show in Norfolk, Va. in 1955. “Yes, it was one of our shows,” said Scott English, the executive director of the American Philatelic Society, which maintains the library. (He is also the administrator of the library.) At the time, Jenny No. 76 was part of a block of four Jennies that belonged to Ethel Stewart McCoy, the daughter of Charles M. Bergstresser, who with Charles Dow and Edward Jones founded Dow Jones  Company. She had the money to finance her passion for stamps, specifically airmail stamps and stamps with palm trees. Her passion for stamps seems to have extended to men. After the death of her first husband, she married a   philatelist. Who took off with her four Jennies remains a mystery. “That’s why you have armed guards that walk the floor of stamp shows these days,” Mr. English said. The Federal Bureau of Investigation investigated but never made any arrests. Eventually  —   no one knows exactly when  —   the block of Jennies was separated into four single stamps. One surfaced in 1958 in the hands of a   stamp dealer. The F. B. I. decided not to prosecute him. That stamp made its way to the research library in the 1970s because Mrs. McCoy had given up her ownership rights and signed an agreement that said any Jennies that turned up should go to the library. A second stolen Jenny from her block appeared in 1982, two years after she died. No. 76 turned up last month at Spink USA, an auction house on West 57th Street in Manhattan. George Eveleth, the head of Spink’s philatelic department, said it was brought in by a man in his   from Northern Ireland who had emailed him a few weeks earlier. “He said he was coming to New York, and he’d like to bring it to our office,” Mr. Eveleth said. The story the man told Mr. Eveleth  —   and, later, Mr. English  —   was that his grandfather had died a couple of years ago, leaving him some stamps. “He did not know the collection he inherited included a stamp that was of some value,” Mr. English said. “I think he got curious, looking to dispose of it, and started looking through the pile, did some research online and realized it might be worth some money. ” In “impeccable condition,” he said, Inverted Jennies “can go for a lot. ” The estimates for No. 58 range from $525, 000 to $1. 6 million. Mr. English said the man had maintained that he did not know how his grandfather had acquired the stamp. The only document that came with it was a curious letter from a   Manhattan stamp dealer that Mr. English described as the stamp world’s equivalent of a pawnshop. The letter, from October 1965, outlined a buyback agreement. The stamp dealer, S. H. Engel  Company, paid the collector who had brought it in $9, 500. Engel gave the collector the right to repurchase it, for $11, 500, within a year. Mr. English’s assumption is that the collector did not come back with the extra $2, 000 to reclaim it, and that the dealer sold it to another customer. Who that was, no one knows. Officials from Spink took the stamp to the Philatelic Foundation in Manhattan, which determines whether stamps are authentic. The executive director, Larry Lyons, and the curator, Lewis Kaufman, began studying the stamp and comparing it with photos and electronic scans of other Jennies. “We’re skeptical,” Mr. Lyons recalled of their reaction, “but 10 or 15 minutes later, we look at each other and say, ‘It’s genuine. ’” He said they called the F. B. I. An agency spokesman did not return a call seeking comment. Mr. Lyons and Mr. Kaufman determined that the stamp had been altered  —   the perforations on the left side and on the top were recut. They also began figuring out which of the 100 stamps it was, checking the position of the plane in the oval frame, the position of the frame itself and the position of the perforations. Robert G. Rose, the chairman of the foundation, said there were even subtle variations of alignment and ink from plane to plane and frame to frame. They concluded it was No. 76. So far, the man who brought the stamp to Spink has not been paid anything. Mr. English said last week that he expected to present an agreement to his board this week. If approved, the deal would allow the library to take ownership of the stamp during the stamp show, and it would clear the way for the man to receive a payment. (The United States attorney’s office in Manhattan would also have to have a hand in such an agreement to resolve the question of whether the stamp is stolen property, but a spokeswoman for the office declined to discuss the case.) Mr. Sundman said he would not mind paying for No. 76. But what about the fourth McCoy stamp, the one that has not been heard from since it disappeared? Mr. Sundman said he got a call about it last year from a man he had never met. “He said, ‘I know who has the stamps and who took them,’” Mr. Sundman recalled. “He had this theory it was the spouse of somebody who worked for the A. P. S. in the ’50s”  —   the philatelic society  —   “and he said, ‘They’re not going to give it up. ’” Mr. Sundman said he asked how the caller knew that. “He said: ‘I’m a psychic. These things just come to me.’ That was pretty much it. Other than the psychic, I have nothing on the fourth stamp. ”",0
19700,VIDEO: CNN Accused of Staging Muslim Demo Against Terror Following London Attacks,"CNN has been forced to deny staging an   protest by ‘Muslim Mothers’ for a “fake news” report, after raw footage appeared to show the event was choreographed for the cameras. [The video shows Anderson and a substantial crew appearing to direct the mostly female “demonstrators” who file under a cordon one at a time under the watchful eye of nearby police constables.  Flowers are laid out around the group as it appears, and printed placards bearing slogans such as ‘#Love Will Win’ and ‘#TurnToLove’ are spread out. After crew members make sure everyone is in place, Anderson begins her report saying, “What I want to show you now, viewers, is a wonderful scene”  —   to muffled laughter from Mark Antro, who filmed the   and other bystanders. This is outrageous. Propaganda. Choreography by ”news” channels. https:  .   —   Raheem  (@RaheemKassam) June 4, 2017,  “Look at all the people around me here, behind me here, sad about last night but hopeful for tomorrow,” the normally the normally Abu   journalist continued. “On the left here, Londoners came to help hurt, behind me you can see a sign here, hashtag ‘turn to love’ hashtag ‘for London’ hashtag ‘ISIS will lose’ and flowers left in remembrance of those who left their lives. ” U. S. media commentator Richard Grenell described the scene as “very disturbing” in a Twitter post which was later recirculated by Dr Sebastian Gorka, the Deputy Assistant to President Donald Trump. Other online commentators, such as former LBC host Katie Hopkins and popular Trump supporter Mike Cernovich, were more forthright. “WATCH. @CNN scripting a narrative. Right before your eyes. ” tweeted Hopkins. “CNN caught staging news!” tweeted Cernovich. “They even brought ‘peace group’ printed out papers and props”. The network fired back, however, with its   public relations team insisting their employees had done nothing wrong. This is nonsense. Police let demonstrators through the cordon to show their signs. CNN along with other media simply filmed them doing so.  —   CNN International PR (@CNNPRUK) June 5, 2017,  “This is nonsense,” they claimed. “Police let demonstrators through the cordon to show their signs. CNN along with other media simply filmed them doing so. ”",0
19701,El funeral del 'mainstream' occidental,"3 549 11 0 Estamos presenciando el funeral del 'mainstream' occidental. El ataque rusófobo ha asumido un carácter tan delirante que ha provocado un efecto contrario. En lugar de odio, curiosidad. En lugar de desprecio, admiración. Al menos así lo ve el escritor y periodista italiano Giulietto Chiesa en su artículo de opinión para Sputnik. 
El intento de los medios y apoderados occidentales de demonizar la figura de Vladímir Putin solo aumenta la popularidad internacional del líder ruso y lo convierte en el termómetro de una derrota, un 'auto de fe' del periodismo occidental. 
Chiesa pone de relieve que los centros destinados al control de la opinión pública occidental muestran signos de gran desconcierto. ""El ejército invisible de cientos de miles de propagandistas ya no parece ser capaz de producir y reproducir suficientes toxinas para envenenar al público europeo. Mientras que el mensaje que brinda el 'enemigo' declarado parece ser cada vez más sugestivo"". © Sputnik/ Vladímir Trefilov V Международная научная конференция ""Зиновьевские чтения"" 
Por ejemplo, para un número creciente de personas es cada vez más claro que Rusia ha sido el factor decisivo en la derrota del autodenominado Estado Islámico en Irak y Siria. Es así que Rusia ha ayudado a Europa en la lucha contra el terrorismo internacional. Es así que Putin resulta ser un amigo y no un enemigo. © Sputnik/ Evgeny Odinokov ""Los medios occidentales hacen de Rusia un espantajo"" 
La idea de los asesinos 'comisionados' por Putin permanece fija en la memoria de muchos lectores/espectadores, pero para muchos otros —los que realmente indagan en el tema y cuyo número sigue creciendo— esto se convierte en poco más que un invento de los medios de comunicación, que no se sostiene por prueba consistente alguna y que, evidentemente, no se corresponde con la realidad. Las historias de una inminente invasión rusa en el Báltico y Polonia están bastante expandidas entre las poblaciones locales, pero resultan ridículas para millones de europeos. ""Las sanciones contra Rusia no han encontrado apoyo en Europa y muchos son los que no se explican por qué los líderes europeos han decidido ir en contra de sus propios intereses económicos"". 
Lea más: Si Europa y Rusia fueran aliados… 
En resumen, los hechos desmienten las conjeturas. Ahora solo les queda aumentar la dosis propagandística, como la del obsesionado Joe Biden, el vicepresidente de Estados Unidos, quien en la televisión llegó incluso a acusar a Rusia de poder y querer ""alterar sustancialmente"" el resultado de las elecciones en Estados Unidos. Pero se trata de un gol en su propia puerta, mostrando a EEUU como víctima de una agresión tecnológica de Rusia. La credibilidad de esa acusación es igual a cero (más que nada porque todo el mundo sabe que provienen del país que ha inventado las 'revoluciones de color' en una docena de países). © Sputnik/ Alexey Druzhinin ""Nuevo orden de Rusia y China sustituirá la hegemonía de EEUU"" 
Las redes sociales son todas estadounidenses y trabajaban sin descanso por su causa, pero ahora nos traen mensajes contradictorios. Existe RT, que acumula alrededor de sí a todos los que aún no tienen el celebro lavado. Se ha roto así la línea de monopolio informativo y comunicativo. Y aquí es cuando se traza la nueva línea: 'detener la propaganda' del Kremlin, dado que nuestra propaganda no funciona como debe. Así, lo primero es reforzar el dogma según el cual todo lo proveniente ""de aquella parte"" es propaganda. 
El segundo punto del plan: evitar que el canal del enemigo funcione, erigiendo barreras técnicas, políticas, administrativas, judiciales, policiales; detener a los periodistas enemigos (o matarlos, como en Ucrania); cerrar cuentas bancarias de RT en Gran Bretaña ; oscurecer las redes de radio y televisión en las que salen al aire las herejías del Kremlin. 
""Somos testigos de la implementación de la censura en Occidente, que tanto se jactaba de su libertad y su pluralismo. Los papeles se han invertido. La confrontación de ideas, las más duras, difíciles, pero útiles para verificar las diferencias, vienen siendo sustituidas por la prohibición. En Occidente entra en juego el 'Ministerio de la Verdad' de George Orwell, y el que no forme parte de nosotros debe ser detenido, prevenido, eliminado, ensombrecido"". 
Lea más: ¿Libertad de expresión? Proyecto europeo propone amordazar a medios alternativos 
""Precisamente aquí y ahora, estamos siendo testigos de un funeral. El funeral del principio que alguna vez hizo fuerte a Occidente y que ahora no está siendo implementado en la práctica"", concluye Chiesa. 
Las opiniones expresadas en este artículo son de exclusiva responsabilidad del autor y no coinciden necesariamente con las de Sputnik. ...",0
19702,Re: The Far Left Is Planning The Biggest Political Protest In United States History For Inauguration Day,"  The Far Left Is Planning The Biggest Political Protest In United States History For Inauguration Day   13th, 2016 
We have seen very large protests in major cities all over America since Donald   the biggest one of all is being planned for January 20th. Radical leftists are calling for thousands upon thousands of activists to descend upon Washington D.C. on Inauguration Day, and they are planning to disrupt the inauguration festivities as much as they possibly can. And if you doubt that the “Not My President” movement can pull this off, you may want to consider that 25,000 protesters showed up in New York City on Saturday on very short notice. These people are bitter, angry, frustrated and incredibly motivated. At this point they still have more than two months to organize their forces, and many are expecting that this is going to be the most chaotic Inauguration Day in American history. 
One of the Facebook pages that is attempting to recruit protesters for Inauguration Day is entitled “Protest at the Inauguration: Stand Against Trump, War, Racism and Inequality”. So far, 7,800   that they will be attending on this page alone, and another 26,000 have expressed interest in the protest. The organizers of this particular page are very clear about why they believe that the inauguration of Donald Trump must be protested … 
Donald Trump is a racist, sexist bigot. We believe that tens of thousands of progressive people will be in the streets on Inauguration Day and in the weeks and months afterward. 
How one voted on election day is one thing, but even more important is whether we succeed in building a mass movement that can truly change the country, and the world. 
Waiting for the same politicians who led to the rise of Trump to now stop him is a lost cause. 
On Facebook and Twitter, the hashtag #DisruptJ20 is already generating an immense amount of buzz. This movement appears to be very well funded, and they have already produced some very slick videos promoting the upcoming inauguration protest. #DisruptJ20 : Call for a bold mobilization against the inauguration of Donald #Trump on January 20, 2017 pic.twitter.com/EGU65bOtNG 
— stimulator (@stimulator) November 11, 2016 
#DisruptJ20 even has an official website now, and they are openly calling for a national strike on January 20th in addition to the chaos that they plan to cause in Washington… 
On January 20th, the day of the Presidential Inauguration, protesters will rally to interrupt Trump’s coronation. You can help organize, and you can attend the march . You can also heed calls to strike , wherever you are in the country. 
On January 21st, millions of women will converge on Washington DC specifically to oppose the Trump administration’s promised attack on women’s rights and freedoms. Join them. 
And on the #DisruptJ20 Facebook page , the organizers are very open about the fact that they plan to bitterly fight against Donald Trump every step of the way… 
On Friday, January 20, 2017, Donald Trump will be inaugurated as   call on all people of good conscience to join in disrupting the ceremonies. If Trump is to be inaugurated at all, let it happen behind closed doors, showing the true face of the security state Trump will preside over. It must be made clear to the whole world that the vast majority of people in the United States do not support his presidency or consent to his rule. 
Trump stands for tyranny, greed, and misogyny. He is the champion of neo-nazis and white Nationalists, of the police who kil l the Black, Brown and poor on a daily basis, of racist border agents and sadistic prison guards, of the FBI and NSA who tap your phone and read your email. He is the harbinger of even more climate catastrophe, deportation, discrimination, and endless war. He continues to deny the existence of climate change, in spite of all the evidence, putting the future of the whole human race at stake. The KKK, Vladimir Putin, Golden Dawn, and the Islamic State all cheered his victory. If we let his inauguration go unchallenged, we are opening the door to the future they envision. 
Trump’s success confirms the bankruptcy of representative democracy. Rather than using the democratic process as an alibi for inaction, we must show that no election could legitimize his agenda. Neither the Democrats nor any other political party or politician will save us—they just offer a weaker version of the same thing. If there is going to be positive change in this society, we have to make it ourselves, together, through direct action. 
From day one, the Trump presidency will be a disaster. #DisruptJ20 will be the start of the resistance. We must take to the streets and protest, blockade, disrupt, intervene, sit in, walk out, rise up, and make more noise and good trouble than the establishment can bear. The parade must be stopped. We must delegitimize Trump and all he represents. It’s time to defend ourselves, our loved ones, and the world that sustains us as if our lives depend on it—because they do. 
Some have noted that 2017 will be the 100 year anniversary of the communist revolution in Russia, and many on the radical left are now openly using the word “revolution” to describe what they would like to see here in the United States. 
And this call to protest Donald Trump’s inauguration appears to have originated with a Marxist politician out in Seattle … 
A self-avowed Marxist member of the Seattle City Council who is part of the George Soros-funded Occupy Wall Street movement has called for a “massive protest”   Trump and a “nationwide shut down” on Inauguration Day. 
Kshama Sawant went on an anti-Trump rant following the election that stirred up progressives’ emotions against Trump voters, calling them part of “a racist agenda.” 
Sawant held a press conference calling for a mass protest in Seattle. That protest was attended by students, members of Seattle’s LGBTQ community, as well as Occupy members and Muslims. 
Many had been hoping that the nationwide protests against Donald Trump would be quieting down by now, but that does not appear to be happening. Instead, they just seem to keep getting more intense. Just check out what took place around the country on Saturday … 
Seventy-one people were arrested in Portland, Oregon, where crowds threw burning road flares at officers. 
Hundreds gathered outside City Hall in Los Angeles to face off against riot police after a daytime march with drew 8,000 people. 
Other rallies took place in Atlanta, Salt Lake City, Washington DC, and Phoenix, as the anti-Trump backlash continued to grow. 
In Indianapolis, crowds chanted ‘kill the police’ as they threw rocks at officers in a separate protest. 
At other times, Barack Obama has stepped in and condemned protests when they have gotten violent. 
So why is he just sitting back and saying nothing now? 
As the president of the United States, shouldn’t he be trying to calm everyone down? 
It is easy to see how the “Not My President” movement could continue to grow and reach a crescendo on January 20th, 2017. 
Normally Inauguration Day is a day of joy and gladness for the nation, but this time around we may see unprecedented scenes of chaos, rioting and violence. 
At this point, there appears to be no possible way that the entire nation is going to unite behind President Trump, and many are wondering if we are now entering four years of the worst civil unrest that the United States has ever experienced. November 13th, 2016 | Tags: #DisruptJ20 , Extreme Pain , Inauguration Day National Strike , Inauguration Day Protest , Inauguration Day Protests , Inauguration Day Riot , Inauguration Day Riots , Not My President , Not My President Movement , Pain , Severe Pain | Category: Commentary , Politics watchmannonthewall 
Why is Obama sitting back now and not saying anything? Could it be he was actually working behind the scenes to protect and help set up these organizations during his entire presidency? Seems obvious that with the speed and organization with which they have begun marching in the streets since Wednesday the organizations were in place well before the election was held, yes? Almost as if someone deliberately wanted Trump to win to begin the riots acoss the nation! A.S. 
Every person involved with those riots should be put in prison for life! They are vermin, cockroaches, evil people. I didn’t see republicans or conservatives protesting Obama like this after both of his election wins. I hope this country turns around soon. lg 
God raises up leaders as he wishes. Apparently, there was a supernatural force behind Mr. Trump victory. At the time when he was prayed for by leading evengalicals God almighty put His hand on him. His saw the humidity in his heart. No matter what the enemy is throwing at him no harm shall come near him. With all the hate that has originated from the west coast toward Mr. Trump has not gone unnoticed by God. I believe a day of reckening will soon scent on the west coast. Brace yourself America. Keep Mr. Trump in your prayers. 
their dustructive divisive agenda",0
19703,Brooks Koepka Wins First Major at U.S. Open - Breitbart,"ERIN, Wis. —  Brooks Koepka proved too big, too strong, and too tough for both the course and his competitors, firing a final round 67 to run away with the 2017 U. S. Open. [Koepka overpowered the lengthy Erin Hills track and separated himself from the field after birdieing holes 14, 15, and 16. After that thunder strike, it was a coronation for a player who is living up to high expectations placed on him since he turned professional. The biggest disappointment was the lack of drama over the closing holes as early in the day it looked like it would be a photo finish among numerous golfers.  From the start, Koepka imposed his will on the course birdieing the first two holes to take a lead he would never relinquish. His drove long and straight and his approach shots, when tracked by the Fox shot tracker, seemed to align with the digital pin position. His accuracy and distance was a sight to behold. A   All American at Florida State, Koepka took the unusual route of starting his career on the European tour. After a couple of victories in Europe, he won his first title on the PGA tour with a win at the 2015 Waste Management Open. Koepka flew under the radar coming into the championship, with most prognosticators picking the other American big hitter in Dustin Johnson. Koepka put together four solid rounds of 67, 70, 68, and 67 to tie the lowest score ever in the U. S. Open at   par.   favorite Rickie Fowler again failed to score when he needed it most. Reminiscent of the 2014 PGA and 2017 Masters, Fowler just never got his round going and bogeys on 12 and 15 put him out of contention. When Rickie wins one, there will be a big celebration because so many people are rooting for him. Brian Harman hung in there for 13 holes before being run over by the Koepka freight train. Harmon had relied on precision ball striking and pinpoint putting, but that abandoned him on the back nine and he finished at an even par 72. Koepka was subdued when he sank the winning putt, giving only   fist bump. He seemed a little overwhelmed when being carted to the scoring area with girlfriend Jena Sims. In his champion’s interview with Curtis Strange, he opened up and talked about his mindset coming into Sunday and the most important golf round of his life. ““I felt like I was playing really good,” he noted. “Obviously, the wind picked up and I felt like that played right into my hands —  good   good putter. And I felt confident all week. So, to feel as confident as I did on a Sunday of a major and coming down the stretch was pretty neat. ” Koepka will not be a   wonder when it comes to winning big golf tournaments. In fact, this win could kickstart an excellent career. Brooks Koepka hits the ball too far and too straight to become an   on the PGA Tour. Look for big things to come from this big man.",0
19704,100 Notable Books of 2016 - The New York Times,"The year’s notable fiction, poetry and nonfiction, selected by the editors of The New York Times Book Review. This list represents books reviewed since Dec. 6, 2015, when we published our previous Notables list. ALL THAT MAN IS. By David Szalay. (Graywolf, $26.) Szalay writes with voluptuous authority about masculinity under duress in this novel in stories. ANOTHER BROOKLYN. By Jacqueline Woodson. (  $22. 99.) Girlhood and the   of its memory are the subjects of this intense, moving novel, Woodson’s first for adults (she is a Newbery Honor winner) in years. THE ASSOCIATION OF SMALL BOMBS. By Karan Mahajan. (Viking, $26.) Mahajan’s smart, devastating novel traces the fallout over time of a terrorist attack at a market in Delhi. BARKSKINS. By Annie Proulx. (Scribner, $32.) Tracing two families and their part in the destruction of the world’s forests, Proulx’s latest novel is a tale of   shortsighted greed. BEFORE THE FALL. By Noah Hawley. (Grand Central, $26.) A   crash leads to a media firestorm in Hawley’s readable thrill ride of a novel. BEHOLD THE DREAMERS. By Imbolo Mbue. (Random House, $28.) In Mbue’s bighearted debut, set against the backdrop of the American financial crisis, a Cameroonian family makes a new life in Harlem. BLACK WATER. By Louise Doughty. (Sarah   Straus  Giroux, $26.) Expecting to be assassinated, the hero of this excellent novel grapples with guilt over his actions in Indonesia. CHILDREN OF THE NEW WORLD. By Alexander Weinstein. (Picador, paper, $16.) The terror that technology may rob us of authentic experience  —   that it may annihilate our very sense of self  —   is central to this debut collection of short stories. COLLECTED POEMS  . By Adrienne Rich. (Norton, $50.) Work from seven decades displays Rich’s evolution from careful   to free verse, and her embrace of lesbian feminism and radical politics. COMMONWEALTH. By Ann Patchett. (  $27. 99.) An engaging family portrait, tracing the lives of six stepsiblings over half a century. DO NOT SAY WE HAVE NOTHING. By Madeleine Thien. (Norton, $26. 95.) A   professor probes the mystery of her father’s life amid upheavals in China in this ambitious novel. DON’T LET MY BABY DO RODEO. By Boris Fishman. (  $26. 99.) A family from the former Soviet Union embarks on an American road trip in a novel that is a joy to read. END OF WATCH. By Stephen King. (Scribner, $30.) The gloriously fitting final installment of King’s trilogy featuring the retired police detective Bill Hodges is a big   romp. EVERYBODY’S FOOL. By Richard Russo. (Knopf, $27. 95.) This sequel to “Nobody’s Fool,” set 10 years later in the same upstate New York town, presents engaging characters and benign humor. THE FORTUNES. By Peter Ho Davies. (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, $27.) This novel, a meditation on 150 years of the   experience, asks what it means to be a  . A GAMBLER’S ANATOMY. By Jonathan Lethem. (Doubleday, $27. 95.) A backgammon hustler with telepathic powers returns to Berkeley, Calif. for surgery in Lethem’s inventive 10th novel, the theme of which is remaining open to possibilities. THE GLOAMING. By Melanie Finn. (Two Dollar Radio, paper, $16. 99.) A woman tries to remake her life in Africa in Finn’s intricately plotted novel. GRIEF IS THE THING WITH FEATHERS. By Max Porter. (Graywolf, paper, $14.) A father and his sons struggle with a death in this luminous novel. HERE COMES THE SUN. By Nicole  . (Liveright, $26. 95.)  ’s tale of life in the impoverished neighborhoods of Montego Bay, Jamaica, sheds light on the island’s disenfranchised. HERE I AM. By Jonathan Safran Foer. (Farrar, Straus  Giroux, $28.) Private and public crises converge for four generations of a Jewish family in this ambitious, often brilliant novel, Foer’s third. HOMEGOING. By Yaa Gyasi. (Knopf, $26. 95.) This wonderful debut by a   novelist follows the shifting fortunes of the progeny of two half sisters, unknown to each other, in West Africa and America. Gyasi was one of the National Book Foundation’s 5 Under 35 honorees in 2016. HOT MILK. By Deborah Levy. (Bloomsbury, $26.) In Levy’s evocative novel, dense with symbolism, a woman struggles against her hypochondriacal mother to achieve her own identity. HOUSE OF LORDS AND COMMONS. By Ishion Hutchinson. (Farrar, Straus  Giroux, $23.) Exuberant work from a young   poet who looks to the island’s teeming life and fractured past. I MUST BE LIVING TWICE: New and Selected Poems,  . By Eileen Myles. (  $29. 99.) Charming and confounding poems from a provocative voice. IZA’S BALLAD. By Magda Szabo. Translated by George Szirtes. (New York Review, paper, $16. 95.) A meditative Hungarian novel about grief and history by the author of “The Door. ” LAROSE. By Louise Erdrich. (  $27. 99.) A man who accidentally killed his best friend’s son gives the man his own child in this powerful story about justice and forgiveness, set in and near a North Dakota Ojibwe reservation. THE  . By David Constantine. (Biblioasis, paper, $14. 95.) A widow immerses herself in the letters her late husband received from an earlier lover in Constantine’s lyrical novel. THE LITTLE RED CHAIRS. By Edna O’Brien. (Little, Brown, $27.) In her harrowing, boldly imagined novel, O’Brien both explores Irish provincial life and offers an unsettling fabulist vision. LOOK: Poems. By Solmaz Sharif. (Graywolf, paper, $16.) Sharif’s skillful debut collection draws on a Defense Department lexicon of military terms. THE MIRROR THIEF. By Martin Seay. (Melville House, $27. 95.) Linked narratives and various Venices reflect one another in this clever first novel. MISCHLING. By Affinity Konar. (Lee   Brown, $27.) Konar uses the unsettling and grievous history of Dr. Josef Mengele’s experiments on children, particularly twins, to riveting effect in her debut novel. MISTER MONKEY. By Francine Prose. (  $26. 99.) The dreadful revival of a musical based on a children’s novel about an orphaned chimp is observed through various points of view in this fresh, Chekhovian novel. MOONGLOW. By Michael Chabon. (  $28. 99.) In this beautifully written hybrid, a San Francisco writer named Mike presents a memoir about his grandparents, a World War II soldier and a Holocaust survivor. THE MORTIFICATIONS. By Derek Palacio. (Tim Duggan, $27.) This sweeping debut novel limns the exile and return of a   family. MY NAME IS LUCY BARTON. By Elizabeth Strout. (Random House, $26.) A writer and her estranged mother attempt to reconnect during a brief visit in a Pulitzer Prize winner’s exquisite novel of careful words and vibrating silences.   STORIES OF GOD. By Joy Williams. (Tin House, $19. 95.) This collection of   is a treasure trove of tiny wry masterpieces. THE NIX. By Nathan Hill. (Knopf, $27. 95.) In this entertaining debut novel, full of postmodern digressions, a young professor tries to write a biography of his political activist mother. THE NORTH WATER. By Ian McGuire. (Holt, $27.) In McGuire’s darkly brilliant novel, the crew of a doomed whaling ship bound for the Arctic Circle must reckon with fierce weather, pure evil, and the shadows of Melville and Conrad. NUTSHELL. By Ian McEwan. (Nan A.   $24. 95.) An unborn baby overhears his mother and her lover plotting to murder his father in McEwan’s compact, captivating novel. REPUTATIONS. By Juan Gabriel Vásquez. Translated by Anne McLean. (Riverhead, $25.) A slender but impactful Colombian novel about a political cartoonist who   his accusations against a politician. THE SPORT OF KINGS. By C. E. Morgan. (Farrar, Straus  Giroux, $27.) Three Kentucky dynasties  —   black, white and equine  —   converge in this vitally written if melodramatic novel. STILL HERE. By Lara Vapnyar. (Hogarth, $26.) In this   novel, four Russian friends try to make their way in New York. SWING TIME. By Zadie Smith. (Penguin Press, $27.) Two multiracial girls in North London dream of becoming dancers (one has talent, the other doesn’t) in Smith’s exuberant new novel about friendship, music, race and global politics. TODAY WILL BE DIFFERENT. By Maria Semple. (Little, Brown, $27.) In this brainy, seriously funny novel by the author of “Where’d You Go, Bernadette,” a Seattle woman confronts private school parents, a husband’s secret life and more. THE UNDERGROUND RAILROAD. By Colson Whitehead. (Doubleday, $26. 95.) Whitehead’s   stunningly daring novel turns the historical freedom network from metaphor to reality, complete with tracks, locomotives and platforms. The winner of this year’s National Book Award for fiction. VALIANT GENTLEMEN. By Sabina Murray. (Grove, $27.) An audacious historical novel about the Irish revolutionary martyr Roger Casement. THE VEGETARIAN. By Han Kang. Translated by Deborah Smith. (Hogarth, $21.) This novella in three parts is both thriller and parable. The winner of the 2016 Man Booker International Prize. WAR AND TURPENTINE. By Stefan Hertmans. Translated by David McKay. (Pantheon, $26. 95.) A masterly novel about memory, art, love and war, based on the author’s grandfather’s notebooks. WEATHERING. By Lucy Wood. (Bloomsbury, $26.) This poetic debut novel, set in a damp house near a roaring river, explores the relationship between mothers and daughters. ZERO K. By Don DeLillo. (Scribner, $27.) In the   future of DeLillo’s moving, mysterious 16th novel, a man joins his billionaire father at a desert compound where people can be preserved forever. ALL THE SINGLE LADIES: Unmarried Women and the Rise of an Independent Nation. By Rebecca Traister. (Simon  Schuster, $27.) A deeply researched and   examination of the role of single women throughout history. AMERICAN HEIRESS: The Wild Saga of the Kidnapping, Crimes and Trial of Patty Hearst. By Jeffrey Toobin. (Doubleday, $28. 95.) In this riveting account, even the S. L. A. is shown some compassion. AT THE EXISTENTIALIST CAFÉ: Freedom, Being, and Apricot Cocktails. By Sarah Bakewell. (Other Press, $25.) A lucid joint portrait of the writers and philosophers who embodied existentialism. BLOOD AT THE ROOT: A Racial Cleansing in America. By Patrick Phillips. (Norton, $26. 95.) How a Georgia county drove out its black citizens in 1912 and remained   for 80 years: a   timely and important account. BLOOD IN THE WATER: The Attica Prison Uprising of 1971 and Its Legacy. By Heather Ann Thompson. (Pantheon, $35.) A masterly  —   and heartbreaking  —   history, based in part on new materials about the Attica prison uprising and its terrible aftermath. BORN TO RUN. By Bruce Springsteen. (Simon  Schuster, $32. 50.) Springsteen’s autobiography, explaining how he rose from Freehold, N. J. to international fame is both   and eloquent. CITY OF DREAMS: The   Epic History of Immigrant New York. By Tyler Anbinder. (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, $35.) A richly textured guide to the past of the nation’s chief immigrant city. DARK MONEY: The Hidden History of the Billionaires Behind the Rise of the Radical Right. By Jane Mayer. (Doubleday, $29. 95.) A formidable account of how the Koch brothers and their allies have bought their way to political power. THE DEFENDER: How the Legendary Black Newspaper Changed America From the Age of the Pullman Porters to the Age of Obama. By Ethan Michaeli. (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, $32.) A powerful, elegant history of the influential paper. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT: The War Years and After. Volume Three:  . By Blanche Wiesen Cook. (Viking, $40.) The   conclusion of a monumental and inspirational biography. THE ENGLISH AND THEIR HISTORY. By Robert Tombs. (Knopf, $45.) A Cambridge historian’s clearsighted retelling of English history also analyzes how the English themselves have viewed their past. EVICTED: Poverty and Profit in the American City. By Matthew Desmond. (Crown, $28.) A sociologist shows what the lack of affordable housing means as he portrays the desperate lives of people who spend most of their incomes in rent. THE FACE OF BRITAIN: A History of the Nation Through Its Portraits. By Simon Schama. (Oxford University, $39. 95.) A splendid book to accompany a BBC series hosted by the eminently readable historian and art critic. FAR AND AWAY. REPORTING FROM THE BRINK OF CHANGE: Seven Continents,   Years. By Andrew Solomon. (Scribner, $30.) Some 30 travel pieces, in prose sparkling with insight, describe “places in the throes of transformation. ” FROM THE WAR ON POVERTY TO THE WAR ON CRIME: The Making of Mass Incarceration in America. By Elizabeth Hinton. (Harvard University, $29. 95.) A   study of the bipartisan embrace of punishment after the 1960s. THE GENE: An Intimate History. By Siddhartha Mukherjee. (Scribner, $32.) With scope and grandeur, the Pulitzer   author of “The Emperor of All Maladies” presents the history of the science of genetics and examines the philosophical questions it raises. GHETTO: The Invention of a Place, the History of an Idea. By Mitchell Duneier. (Farrar, Straus  Giroux, $28.) Duneier offers a stunningly detailed, timely survey of scholarly work on the topic. HERO OF THE EMPIRE: The Boer War, a Daring Escape and the Making of Winston Churchill. By Candice Millard. (Doubleday, $30.) Imperialism and courage are on display as Churchill fights the Boer War in Millard’s readable, enjoyable book. HIS FINAL BATTLE: The Last Months of Franklin Roosevelt. By Joseph Lelyveld. (Knopf, $30.) A gripping, deeply human account of Roosevelt’s last 16 months in office, when the president fought to create lasting global peace  —   despite having received a diagnosis of acute congestive heart failure. HITLER: Ascent  . By Volker Ullrich. Translated by Jefferson Chase. (Knopf, $40.) The first volume of a timely new biography focuses on Hitler the man, seeing him as a consummate tactician and an actor aware of his audience. HOW EVERYTHING BECAME WAR AND THE MILITARY BECAME EVERYTHING: Tales From the Pentagon. By Rosa Brooks. (Simon  Schuster, $29. 95.) A disturbing exploration of the erosion of boundaries between war and peace. HOW TO SURVIVE A PLAGUE: The Inside Story of How Citizens and Science Tamed AIDS. By David France. (Knopf, $30.) A remarkable account of how activists and patients won the funding that led to AIDS treatment from a reluctant government. I CONTAIN MULTITUDES: The Microbes Within Us and a Grander View of Life. By Ed Yong. (  $27. 99.) A science journalist’s first book is an excellent, vivid introduction to the   realm of our secret sharers. IN THE DARKROOM. By Susan Faludi. (  $32.) Faludi offers a rich and ultimately generous investigation of her   father, who suddenly contacted her from his home in Hungary after undergoing   surgery at the age of 76. IN GRATITUDE. By Jenny Diski. (Bloomsbury, $26.) In her final memoir before her death, Diski, who was   by Doris Lessing, examines the origin, and the close, of her life as a writer. AN IRON WIND: Europe Under Hitler. By Peter Fritzsche. (Basic, $29. 99.) A deep reflection about World War II’s moral challenges for civilians. LAB GIRL. By Hope Jahren. (Knopf, $26. 95.) A geobiologist with a literary bent makes her science both accessible and lyrical, and offers a gratifying and moving chronicle of the scientist’s life. THE LIMOUSINE LIBERAL: How an Incendiary Image United the Right and Fractured America. By Steve Fraser. (Basic Books, $27. 50.) An incisive history of a   metaphor and its effects. THE MAN WHO KNEW: The Life and Times of Alan Greenspan. By Sebastian Mallaby. (Penguin Press, $40.) This thorough account of the former Fed chairman’s rise depicts him as political to a fault. NEW ENGLAND BOUND: Slavery and Colonization in Early America. By Wendy Warren. (Liveright, $29. 95.) Warren enlivens her study of Northern slavery with new research and a fresh approach. ORSON WELLES. Volume 3:   Band. By Simon Callow. (Viking, $40.) Expertly and convincingly, Callow rejects the common disdain for Welles’s   career. THE PEOPLE AND THE BOOKS: 18 Classics of Jewish Literature. By Adam Kirsch. (Norton, $28. 95.) Detailed and lucid accounts of seminal texts highlight the variety of Jewish experience. PLAYING TO THE EDGE: American Intelligence in the Age of Terror. By Michael V. Hayden. (Penguin Press, $30.) The former C. I. A. director makes the case for   security measures. PRETENTIOUSNESS: Why It Matters. By Dan Fox. (Coffee House, paper, $15. 95.) A nimble case for pretentiousness as a willingness to take risks. PUMPKINFLOWERS: A Soldier’s Story. By Matti Friedman. (Algonquin, $25. 95.) Friedman has written a striking memoir about his stint in the Israeli Army in southern Lebanon in the 1990s. A RAGE FOR ORDER: The Middle East in Turmoil, From Tahrir Square to ISIS. By Robert F. Worth. (Farrar, Straus  Giroux, $26.) The story of the 2011 Arab Spring and its slide into autocracy and civil war, beautifully told by a veteran correspondent. THE RETURN: Fathers, Sons and the Land in Between. By Hisham Matar. (Random House, $26.) In this extraordinary    history, Matar describes his search for his father, who disappeared into a Libyan prison in 1990. THE RISE AND FALL OF AMERICAN GROWTH: The U. S. Standard of Living Since the Civil War. By Robert J. Gordon. (Princeton University, $39. 95.) An economic historian’s magisterial assessment of the past and future of American living standards. SECONDHAND TIME: The Last of the Soviets. By Svetlana Alexievich. Translated by Bela Shayevich. (Random House, $30.) The Nobel winner offers a powerful oral history of Russia,  . SHIRLEY JACKSON: A Rather Haunted Life. By Ruth Franklin. (Liveright, $35.) This thorough biography traces Jackson’s evolution as an artist and makes a case for her importance. SING FOR YOUR LIFE: A Story of Race, Music, and Family. By Daniel Bergner. (Lee   Brown, $28.) A portrait of Ryan Speedo Green, an   opera singer who overcame terrible childhood poverty and abuse. This season he has a lead role in the Metropolitan Opera’s “La Bohème. ” STRANGERS IN THEIR OWN LAND: Anger and Mourning on the American Right. By Arlie Russell Hochschild. (New Press, $27. 95.) A Berkeley sociologist takes a generous but disconcerting look at Tea Party backers in Louisiana to explain the way many people in this country live now, often to the astonishment of everyone else. TRUEVINE. Two Brothers, a Kidnapping, and a Mother’s Quest: A True Story of the Jim Crow South. By Beth Macy. (Little, Brown, $28.) A riveting account of two albino   brothers who were exhibited in a circus. UNFORBIDDEN PLEASURES. By Adam Phillips. (Farrar, Straus  Giroux, $25.) Linked essays examine the idea that forbidden pleasures have a tendency to obscure the meaningfulness to our lives of the unforbidden ones. WEAPONS OF MATH DESTRUCTION: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy. By Cathy O’Neil. (Crown, $26.) A frightening look at the risks of the algorithms that regulate our lives, by a former hedge fund “quant” (she got her Ph. D. in math at Harvard) who became an Occupy Wall Street activist. WHEN BREATH BECOMES AIR. By Paul Kalanithi. (Random House, $25.) A brilliant young neurosurgeon reckons with the meaning of life and death when he learns he has advanced lung cancer a moving and courageous account. WHEN IN FRENCH: Love in a Second Language. By Lauren Collins. (Penguin Press, $27.) Collins, a New Yorker staff writer married to a Frenchman, writes a very personal memoir about love and language, shrewdly assessing how language affects our lives. WHITE RAGE: The Unspoken Truth of Our Racial Divide. By Carol Anderson. (Bloomsbury, $26.) A timely and urgent call to confront the forces opposed to black progress since the Civil War. WHITE TRASH: The   Untold History of Class in America. By Nancy Isenberg. (Viking, $28.) A masterly and ambitious cultural history of changing concepts of class and inferiority. YOU’LL GROW OUT OF IT. By Jessi Klein. (Grand Central, $26.) Humorous riffs on being a woman by Amy Schumer’s head writer.",0
19705,Lessons of Syria: Russia to Form a 'Superlight' Brigade Equipped With 'Technicals',"Politics Lessons of Syria: Russia to Form a 'Superlight' Brigade Equipped With 'Technicals' 
Russian Ministry of Defense wants to take a UAZ pickup and strap on it a machine gun, a grenade launcher or anti-tank missiles and use them to conduct raids over open terrain Originally appeared at Russian Defense Policy 
Izvestiya reports that Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu is organizing some “superlight” army brigades. It’s an interesting turn given that his widely discredited predecessor Anatoliy Serdyukov also looked at forming light motorized rifle brigades based on wheeled vehicles. Perhaps the latter’s mistake was that the vehicles weren’t necessarily Russian-made. 
Shoygu’s “superlight” brigades will use the UAZ Patriot — either the SUV or Pickup variant. The SUV is referred to as a jeep at times. An earlier model — the Hunter — actually resembles a jeep. uaz-hunter.jpg UAZ Hunter 
The intent, reportedly based on Syrian combat experience, is for these “superlight” motorized rifle brigades to slip around or through heavier enemy forces to conduct raids at distances of several hundred kilometers. 
According to Izvestiya, the UAZ Patriot or Pickup is supposed to carry up to seven soldiers (a highly dubious proposition), their weapons and gear, as well as additional fuel, supplies, and ammo. It will be armed with either a 30-mm AGS-30 automatic grenade launcher or Kornet or Konkurs ATGMs, as well as a 12.7-mm Kord machine gun. The brigade’s mortar batteries are supposed to have 82-mm 2B14 Podnos mortars mounted on the UAZ vehicles. 
An MOD official familiar with the developments told Izvestiya the formation of the “superlight” brigades has begun, and they will appear “soon” in the Southern and Central MDs. They will have less personnel and equipment than traditional MRBs, but will be more mobile and maneuverable. The “superlight” brigades will also have one battalion in BTR-82s as well as artillery and MRL battalions. 
Izvestiya got a comment from Vladislav Shurygin: 
“These battalions are being developed from the experience of combat actions in Syria. In a day, the typical motorized rifle battalion equipped with armored personnel carriers or infantry fighting vehicles can complete a march of not more than100 km. But an MRB in the UAZ Patriot can go several hundred kilometers in a day. 
Moreover, acting in small groups, motorized rifle platoons and companies in pickups can slip through enemy forces and deliver quick strikes. But these battalions are only effective in desert, steppe, and semidesert terrain. In forests and forest-steppe, automobile-mounted infantry loses out to infantry in BMPs and BTRs in combat capability.” 
Izvestiya notes that, in 2009, Serdyukov put the 56th Independent Air-Assault Brigade in the UAZ Hunter, but the experiment was quickly abandoned. The MOD official says they were needed and worked well in the Volgograd steppe, but it was difficult to fit personnel and equipment in the Hunter. Soldiers, he said, sat cheek to cheek in very cramped conditions. That brigade returned to its venerable GAZ-66 trucks. 
The same problem is likely with the UAZ Patriot and Pickup. They look like four-seaters. 
This sounds like a sweet little deal for UAZ. It is part of the larger Sollers automobile manufacturing group, itself owned by Russian steel conglomerate Severstal. 
It’s odd there’s no photo of an UAZ Patriot or Pickup military prototype when the first “superlight” brigades are reportedly almost ready to appear. 
And there is also potential competition. The Military-Industrial Company (VPK) has its Tigr light armored vehicle with a 30-mm gun or Kornet or Konkurs ATGM launchers mounted. The Tigr, however, is a larger, heavier, and much more expensive vehicle. 
GAZ might make something comparable to the Patriot or Pickup. GAZ already makes the BTR-82. Like VPK, GAZ is owned ultimately by Oleg Deripaska. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire",0
19706,"If Clinton Campaign Believes WikiLeaks Emails Are Forged, Why Don’t They Prove It!?","Elections 2016 
Top democrats have repeatedly waved off substantial questions arising from their hacked emails by falsely implying that some of them are forgeries created by Russian hackers. 
The problem with that is that no one has found a single case of anything forged among the information released from hacks of either Clinton campaign or Democratic Party officials. 

Clinton strategist Joel Benenson, asked about an email in which Clinton campaign staffers decide to accept foreign lobbyist money, used that line on MSNBC on Sunday. 
“These emails, we have no idea whether they’re authentic or not,” he said. “Or whether they’ve been tampered with. I know I’ve seen things that aren’t authentic, that we know aren’t authentic, and it’s not surprising.” 
Jennifer Granholm, a senior adviser to the pro-Clinton Super PAC Correct the Record, was asked by CNN’s Jake Tapper whether the Clinton campaign should be responding to revelations revealed by Wikileaks. 
“There are reports that these have been doctored,” she told Tapper on October 19. “And Newsweek had found that, in fact, that was happening.” 
In an interview with CNN’s Wolf Blitzer on October 18, Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., a ranking member on the House Intelligence Committee, was asked if the Russian government would impact the election by hacking voting systems. 
“What worries me the most … is between now and the election the Russians dump information that is fabricated,” Schiff warned. “To get a last minute dump of emails that contain fabricated emails that are widely reported in the press, and there isn’t enough time to fact check and demonstrate the forgery, that is what really concerns me.” 
CNN host Wolf Blitzer pushed back, “But have you confirmed that any of these emails released over the past two weeks, if you will, by Wikileaks are fabricated or doctored?” 
“You know I’m not in a position to be able to do that,” Schiff demurred. 
Everything considered, the conclusion has to be that Wikileaks emails are probably authentic and if they weren’t they would have been disproven a long, long time ago. The question is if are you willing to vote for a person that (we saw in the emails) is capable of doing very, bad, dirty stuff. And if the answer is yes then this country has a BIG, BIG PROBLEM. If Clinton Campaign Believes WikiLeaks Emails Are Forged, Why Don’t They Prove It!? Share this: ",0
19707,Putin Ready To Restore Relations With US,"Following Donald Trump’s victory in the presidential election, Russian leader Vladimir Putin said that his country is ready and looking forward to restoring bilateral relations with the United States. 
Via Yournewswire 
Former Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has also said that one of the first things the new US leader should do is reach out to Russian President to reset relations. He said anti-Russian sentiment in America has reached boiling point and was at its worst level since the Cold War. Putin was one of the first world leaders to congratulate Trump on his victory, expressing hope that the two countries will continue collaborative work on international issues
“We heard [Trump’s] campaign rhetoric while still a candidate for the US presidency, which was focused on restoring the relations between Russia and the United States,” President Putin said, speaking at the presentation ceremony of foreign ambassadors’ letters of credentials in Moscow.
“We understand and are aware that it will be a difficult path in the light of the degradation in which, unfortunately, the relationship between Russia and the US are at the moment,” he added. Speaking about the degraded state of relations between the countries, the president once again stressed that “it is not our fault that Russia-US relations are as you see them.”
Earlier today, in a message to Donald Trump the Russian President expressed confidence that the dialogue between Moscow and Washington, in keeping with each other’s views, meets the interests of both Russia and the US.
The Russian leader noted in the message that he hopes to address some “burning issues that are currently on the international agenda, and search for effective responses to the challenges of the global security,” RIA Novosti reported.
On top of it, Putin has expressed confidence that “building a constructive dialogue between Moscow and Washington, based on principles of equality, mutual respect and each other’s positions, meets the interests of the peoples of our countries and of the entire international community.”
Russian State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin has also expressed hope that Trump’s victory in the presidential election will help pave the way for a more constructive dialogue between Moscow and Washington.
“The current US-Russian relations cannot be called friendly. Hopefully, with the new US president a more constructive dialogue will be possible between our countries,” he said. “The Russian Parliament will welcome and support any steps in this direction,” Volodin added on Wednesday.
A member of the Federation Council Committee on Defense and Security, Senator Aleksey Pushkov, has meanwhile noted that Hillary Clinton’s stake on the conflict with Russia has eventually done her a terrible disservice.
“[Playing the] ‘Russian card’ and portraying Putin as a bad guy did not help Clinton. On the contrary, staking on the conflict with Moscow has only caused fear, doing her a disservice,” he tweeted.
According to many observers, US-Russia relations are now at their lowest point since the Cold War. Putin has repeatedly noted that the worsening of Russia’s relations with the US “was not our choice,” however. For things to improve between Moscow and Washington, the US should first and foremost start acting like an equal partner and respect Russia’s interests rather than try to dictate terms, Putin said last month.
The US will have to negotiate with Russia on finding solutions to international issues as no state is now able to act alone, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said last week, adding that problems in bilateral relations began to mount long before the Ukrainian crisis broke out in 2014.
",0
19708,"‘This Is Not My Child’: JetBlue Flew 2 Boys to Wrong Cities, Mother Says - The New York Times","It is any parent’s nightmare. Maribel Martinez of New York had arranged for her    son, Andy, to fly home unaccompanied on JetBlue from the Dominican Republic on Aug. 17. But when she went to pick him up at Kennedy International Airport, she got the shock of her life. Airline employees presented her with a boy who was clutching Andy’s passport and luggage. But he was not her child. “Is this your son?” Ms. Martinez said she was asked, according to news reports on Thursday. She replied, “No, this is not my child. ” Ms. Martinez, 38, told The Daily News, which initially reported the situation: “I thought he was kidnapped. I thought I would never see him again. ” The airline eventually found her son in Boston. JetBlue said it had put Andy on the wrong plane in a   with another child who had also flown out of the Dominican Republic. “It was a total three hours before she found out he was O. K. and wasn’t kidnapped,” Ms. Martinez’s lawyer, Sanford Rubenstein, said in an interview on Friday. Ms. Martinez said at a news conference that she had been on vacation with Andy in the Dominican Republic in July, but had to return to New York before he did. Her relatives took him to the airport in Santiago for his return flight. It was unclear what happened to the other boy. Joseph Pentangelo, a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates J. F. K. said two uniformed officers stayed with him and airline personnel near the boarding gate until the child was put on a flight to Boston. In an emailed statement on Friday, JetBlue said that two unaccompanied children of the same age had been booked from Cibao International Airport in Santiago on separate planes: Flight 924 to Boston and Flight 436 to New York. But each child boarded a flight to the wrong destination, the airline said. “Upon learning of the error, our teams in J. F. K. and Boston immediately took steps to assist the children in reaching their correct destinations,” the statement said. “While the children were always under the care and supervision of JetBlue crew members, we realize this situation was distressing for the families. ” The airline added, “We are also reviewing the incident with our leadership and Santiago airport team to prevent similar situations from occurring in the future. ” JetBlue declined to make an official available to answer questions on Friday. But the airline said it had refunded the tickets and offered each family a credit toward future JetBlue flights. Ms. Martinez was given $475 for the cost of the ticket and $2, 100 for future travel, according to news reports. The Transportation Department, which oversees consumer protection issues, said that it had no regulations for travel by unaccompanied minors, but that it was up to the airlines to devise their own policies. Special procedures apply to children ages 5 to 11 who are flying alone, but they vary from airline to airline, the department said. JetBlue said children at least 5 but under 14 could travel alone on its planes, but only on nonstop flights, and for a $100 fee. Caitlin Harvey, a department spokeswoman, said the family might be able to pursue a civil action. “While we receive anecdotal reports about these types of incidents, we do not keep statistics on them,” she said in an email on Friday. Mr. Rubenstein said that he wanted an independent government agency to investigate before he decided on any litigation, and that he had sent the Federal Aviation Administration a letter asking them to look into the matter. “Any parent can understand the terrifying fear a mother goes through knowing that her child is missing,” he told The News.",0
19709,George And Laura Bush Celebrate Their 70th Birthdays | Daily Wire,"George And Laura Bush Celebrate Their 70th Birthdays By: Hank Berrien October 26, 2016 
On Saturday, former president George W. Bush and former first lady Laura Bush celebrated their 70th birthdays together in Crawford, Texas. 
President Bush’s birthday was July 6, and Laura’s is on November 4. 
Some of the attendees included former commerce secretary Donald Evans, Dallas Cowboys owner and general manager Jerry Jones, and Ross Perot Jr., the son of H. Ross Perot. George Strait performed, and sang “Happy Birthday,” per People. Typical of Bush’s down-home style, he wore jeans, a western-style shirt and a prominent belt buckle. 
The dinner included an avocado and grapefruit salad, Mesquite smoked peppered beef tenderloin, Southern fried catfish, roasted corn and poblano pudding, bourbon carrots, and cheddar and black pepper biscuits. The dessert was a Texas chocolate sheet cake. 
Bush also invited guests to his art studio at the ranch, dubbed Studio 43, where he works on his paintings. 
Laura Bush was working as a librarian in the Austin Independent School District when she met George in 1977; their friends Joe and Jan O'Neill invited them to a barbecue. They were married in November 1977 at the First United Methodist Church in Midland, where she had been baptized. She wore a tan, two-toned dress she had bought off the rack. 
George W. Bush later called his proposal to his wife the ""best decision of my life."" Laura, an only child, said she gained ""brothers and sisters and wonderful in-laws"" and made her feel part of the family. Tags ",0
19710,The Russian media just loves the campaign to demonize Putin,"By wmw_admin on November 3, 2016 The Saker — The Saker.is Nov 3, 2016 Last May I wrote an article entitled Counter-propaganda, Russian style in which I explained that far from banning or censoring the western anti-Putin/anti-Russia campaign, the Russia media reported about it in meticulous detail. Half a year later, not only is this still true, but the level of coverage has now sharply increased. Check out this screenshot from the latest (and most watched) weekly news show: Putin bashing reported on Russian TV. Click to enlarge Remember that roughly 80% plus of the audience watching this are strong supporters of President Putin. You can imagine what they think when they see these reports. The fully understand that the West hates Putin so much precisely because Putin is one of them, a real Russian who cares for the interests of the Russian people. So when the West demonizes Putin, it is really all the Russian people who are demonized and their conclusion is simple: the West does not hate Putin, the West hates *us*. As for “Blame it on Putin” – it has now become a real joke. One of the main effects of this kind of demonization is that the Russian public fully understands that there is no way back. In practical terms, most Russians believe that even if Russia pulled out of Syria, stopped supporting the Donbass or even decided to hand Crimea to the Ukies, the West would still continue to demonize Russia and try to subdue her . Furthermore, the Russians remember that the only time when the West liked Russia was when she was run by the drunken Eltsin and his coterie of Jewish oligarchs who pillaged Russia and whose reign had consequences similar to what a major war would result in. Any other Russia is simply unacceptable to the AngloZionist Empire. Seen in this light, the alliance of the West with both the Nazis in Kiev and the “moderate terrorists” in the Middle-East makes sense. This is not fundamentally different from the European’s alliance with the Ottomans during the Crimean War or the USA supported Japan against Russia in 1905 (only to then end up fighting against Japan a few years later). As long as X is anti-Russian, the West support X. It’s that primitive and that stupid. The Ukronazi regime in Kiev has understood that it has only one “commodity” left which it can sell to the West: its rabid russophobia. And since they are desperate, they make desperate and, frankly, comical efforts. Check out the new symbol of the Ukie military intelligence service: The Ukies point a dagger at the heart of Russia. Click to enlarge I don’t think I have ever seen the Ukie inferiority complex better illustrated. The Latin sentence “ Sapiens Dominabitur Astra ” (“the wise will rule the stars”) is a nice touch as it combines a non-cyrillic (Latin) alphabet, a reference to European astrology in the Middle Ages and a typically Ukrainian (cosmic) megalomania. Yet another proof, if needed, that all the Ukraine is is an “anti-Russia”. Make no mistake though, there is absolutely no fear of the West in Russia. Most Russians believe that the Russian armed forces are more than enough to keep West in check. And they are quite correct. But there is this acute awareness that were in not for the Russian military, Russia would be treated just like Iraq. In the meantime, the Russia media is gleefully feeding the Russian public every bit of russophobic propaganda produced in the West. Future generations will probably study this period and wonder at the absolutely mind-boggling stupidity of a western propaganda machine which is apparently completely oblivious at the impact of its propaganda on a nuclear superpower. The Saker",0
19711,Muslim Radical Salman Hossein says Hillary will win,"( henrymakow.com ) “Salman Hossein (left) was forced to flee Canada in 2010 with police on his tail for antisemitic activities. From his exile in Dhaka, Bangladesh, he says Hillary will win and lead the US to world war. Masonic Jewish central bankers can’t allow Trump to win because he will turn on them. They are already losing world control and Trump would be the final nail in their coffin.” — Henry Makow 
LD: Salman was a prolific commenter on this site whose posts had to be carefully monitored because of their constant obscenities and bloodcurdling threats of mass extermination. A Muslim radical, to put it mildly. 
Salman’s prediction that Hillary will win is not, in my opinion, a far-fetched one. I think it is a distinct possibility if all this, as I suspect, is pure theater. A huge surprise could be in store for us in the next few days. 
A sudden announcement by FBI Director James Comey, two days before the election, giving Hillary a clean bill of health over her problematic emails, could result in a last-minute surge in support of Hillary that could sweep her into the White House. According to one report, the FBI “may be able to sift through them [the emails under investigation] before election day .” Additional information harmful to Trump, involving “ his close links to the Kremlin “, could also be manufactured in a bid to help Hillary. 
All this, however, is pure speculation. [LD] 
SALMAN HOSSEIN : After 9-11, there were eight regimes that had not submitted to the authority of the Jewish bankers. Four of them either got taken out or bullied/bribed/coerced into bowing down – Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, and Sudan. The only problem is that recently China, Iran, North Korea, Russia, and Turkey have broken out of the sphere of control. Syria is still independent and fighting to maintain its sovereignty against Israeli expansionism and Banker domination. 
Putin recently put out an arrest warrant for George Soros for currency manipulation and has issued a decree banning the Rothschild clan from Russia. Russia is also causing problems for the Israelis and the West by defending the regime of Bashar Al Assad from Nusra and Da’esh/ISIS. Israeli expansionism has been kept in check by Russia. China has also more or less wrested free of control from the International Jewish oligarchy. As a pro-Israeli asset , Trump is not a threat to Israeli expansionism in Gaza and the West Bank. He has even opened up a campaign office in Israel. He is essentially aligning white gentile power with the Israeli-Jewish supremacist camp. He only cares about Israel and will facilitate even worse oppression of Arabs and Muslims not only in Palestine and the rest of the Greater Middle East but in the Western world as well. He consistently repeats the false “ Muslim terrorist “ narrative. He is even worse than George W. Bush Junior . As the alternative to the US Dollar, the new BRICS monetary system is also challenging Jewish control of international finance. The heavyweights in the BRICS alliance are Russia and China. There are those who claim that BRICS is also covertly run by the Jewish bankers. I don’t buy this. The Chinese are fully aware of the Jewish question . The Russians kicked out Jewish criminals . They won’t be able to penetrate the economy as well as they have done in the Western world. THE DILEMMA OF JEWISH SUPREMACISM Jewish supremacists view European gentiles as either pawns for their game of global conquest and perpetual warfare or if that is not feasible – their targets of destruction and hatred. Historically speaking, Jews have been expelled over 109 times in history. 105 of these times have been in Europe. That is why left-wing Jewish groups are so vehemently pushing for the replacement and liquidation of indigenous Europeans by either making them a minority or making those countries uninhabitable via the anticipated thermonuclear warfare which they are instigating . Most White Americans, Australians, Canadians, and New Zealanders are also of European ancestry – and are also targets for destruction/revenge by these Jewish extremists/supremacists for many decades now. The influx of refugees by Jewish groups with the assistance of organized crime gangs is Talmudic vengeance par excellence. For the Diaspora Jews, its an all-or-nothing zero sum game. They either take their chances with NATO and go all in against China, Iran, Russia, and eventually Turkey or eventually risk losing more countries from their grip and/or control. However, going head on against them will lead to World War Three. Their hatred for white gentiles is so great (due to past perceived historical injustices) that they are willing to risk death themselves in the process of getting others killed. There is no where the so-called (Jewish dominated) elite can really hide or travel to. All their contingency plans are being exposed . TRUMP IS LESSER OF TWO EVILS Trump is the lesser of the two evils because he does not appear insane enough to go after China and Russia at the same time. However, I personally prefer NATO going up against China and Russia. The West has been killing defenseless people as target practice alone for the last few centuries alone – they need a challenge this time. Russia along with assistance from China will put them in their place. The great news is that the Jewish war-mongers have already won! Hillary has already been declared the war president of the United States. I support Hillary Clinton in her desire to go to war against Russia. I have been praying for the day this would happen. In fact, thermonuclear warfare is just right around the corner. Nobody should be complaining about this. Without thermonuclear warfare, there is no way International Jewry’s grip on temporal power can be crushed. That is the other reason I left Canada! I’d like to end this piece by sending out the following Halloween message to everyone: Enjoy the party while it lasts! Make sure you have a blast! Hasta La Vista Baby!!! Like this? Share it now. 8 thoughts on “ Muslim Radical Salman Hossein says Hillary will win ” LD says:",0
19712,How Donald Trump is already indirectly helping Russia and Syria,"How Donald Trump is already indirectly helping Russia and Syria November 11, 2016 - Fort Russ - Ruslan Ostashko, PolitRussia - translated by J. Arnoldski - Perhaps the most famous media project of Donald Trump is the reality show “The Apprentice” on NBC, in which Trump played himself and subjected people wanting to work in his business to various tests. Trump not only played the lead role in the show, but also successfully produced it, which proves that he can not only built hotels, but also very well understands modern show business. This also shows how his opponents greatly underestimated him during the presidential race. Before Trump launched his presidential slogan “Make America Great Again,” in the public’s mind he was already associated with another catchphrase: “You’re fired!”, which he yelled at the careless participants of his TV show. Some American commentators have even written that voters might have voted for him just to see whether he would dress down Washington officials in the same way he did on TV. So far, at least in front of cameras, Trump is behaving relatively restrained, especially since he has no official rights yet. But the press is already leaking information about what he is doing behind closed doors. For example, USA Today , a newspaper which is very skeptical towards the new president, reports that Trump’s first victims are Pentagon generals. He has set before them the unspoken task of working out a plan for mass, effective airstrikes on ISIS. The due date is in 30 days and will have unpredictable, negative consequences for those generals who will not fulfill the order or will handle it poorly. The sources of American journalists are even complaining that these generals could be forced to - get ready - cooperate with Russia and even share information with the Russian air force, something which for many senior US commanders is worse than having to shred their insignia. Now let me explain why this plan for “massive bombardments against ISIS” is important. Remember what our diplomats and officers constantly say about the US’ actions - the Americans have only been supposedly bombing ISIS for several years, and the number of flights is scanty and their successes feature, for example, only two killed ISIS leaders. It is clear these bombardments were carried out in such a way so as to not harm the terrorist groups sponsored by Qatar and Saudi Arabia and those groups whom Clinton considered to be the main tool in the fight against Assad. And now it turns out that Trump is already going to force the American military machine, under threat of dismissals, to really bomb their yesterday allies. Obama has oriented himself in this situation best of all, since he might need to be given a consolation prize for being the most quirky American politician. After three years of inactivity and after his peace deal with Putin that Clinton’s supporters (the same “forces in Washington” that Putin spoke about at Valdai) tore up, the departing American president has decided to indulge this opportunity to the fullest. Here’s what American media are writing today. The Washington Post , citing senior officials in the outgoing administration, writes that Barack Obama has ordered to find and destroy leaders of the terrorist group Jebhat Al-Nusra. Although it is better to wait for official statements, it can be assumed that this information is accurate since the Washington Post is a newspaper with good sources in the US Democratic Party. Why does Obama need to do this? First of all, this is an opportunity to complete what he was not allowed to do a few months ago. Secondly, this is an opportunity to leave the White House with an image of a great fighter against terrorism. Remember how Hillary Clinton virtually claimed for herself the laurels as the “killer of Bin Laden”? Now the outgoing president has the opportunity to level the score and, if lucky, deprive Trump of the ability to win the laurels for being an active fighter against terrorism and the first to start really bombing ISIS. Here it needs to be said that everyone can understand the consequences of these decisions without resorting to any conspiracies. For example, The Washington Post ’s last issue was published with the headline: “Obama directs Pentagon to target al-Qaeda affiliate in Syria, one of the most formidable forces fighting Assad.” Translated from journalistic lingo into common speech, this sounds like “Help! Obama has decided to whack our main allies and reconsidered removing Assad!” Amazing. Trump hasn’t even taken office yet, but there are already encouraging changes in how American politicians and the military are acting. Some simply don’t want Trump’s catchphrase “You’re fired!” thrown in their faces, while others are simply trying to solve their own problems. But no matter what, this all suits us. One thing is already clear: life will be difficult for Assad and Russia’s enemies in Syria when the Russian combat group approaching the coast of Syria begins its work. It will be quite difficult for them. Now they can only hope for a miracle. Follow us on Facebook!",0
19713,Do Gorillas Even Belong in Zoos? Harambe’s Death Spurs Debate - The New York Times,"Harambe, the    Western lowland gorilla shot dead at the Cincinnati Zoo late last month after a    boy fell into his enclosure, may be physically gone, his tissues harvested for research and his sperm extracted to help diversify the captive breeding gene pool. Yet the   silverback leaves another metaphorical gorilla in the room, raising questions that extend far beyond the particulars of the case, including whether the zoo or the boy’s mother were more to blame for Harambe’s death. For primatologists and conservationists who devote their lives to studying the great apes and to doing what they can to help protect the rapidly vanishing populations of the primates in the wild, a linked set of ethical and practical dilemmas looms almost unbearably large. As research continues to reveal the breadth of our genetic, emotional and cognitive kinship with the world’s four great apes  —   gorillas, chimpanzees, bonobos and orangutans  —   many primatologists admit to feeling frankly uncomfortable at the sight of a captive ape on display, no matter how luxe or “natural” the zoo exhibit may be. “When I visit zoos, I have to turn off my feelings and just tell myself that I am at a museum admiring nature’s masterpieces,” said the primatologist Sarah Blaffer Hrdy, professor emerita at the University of California, Davis. “Otherwise, I can’t really justify keeping great apes in cages. ” At the same time, researchers acknowledge that apes in today’s zoos, at least in the industrialized world, were all born and raised in captivity, and could no more survive being “set free” into the forests of Africa or Indonesia than could the average tourist on safari. Catherine Hobaiter of St. Andrews University in Scotland, who studies chimpanzees in Uganda, described the reaction of zoo gorillas that had been raised in indoor enclosures when the zoo finally added an outdoor annex to the exhibit. “It was heartbreaking to see,” she said. “The gentlest specks of rain, and the gorillas were drumming on the door to get back inside. They were afraid of getting wet. ” Yet while primatologists concur that people have a moral obligation to care for the thousands of apes who are now in captivity and may live 60 years or longer, they differ on what that care should look like. Barbara Smuts, a renowned primatologist at the University of Michigan, recently distributed a petition asking that the other gorillas at the Cincinnati Zoo be relocated to a sanctuary far from the ogling, screeching crowds of their clothed relations. Researchers also disagree on whether we should continue breeding apes in captivity, and if so, to what end. Some experts believe that   zoos play an essential educational role, and that exposure to a    ape can be a transformative experience, especially for children. “I remember going to the Milwaukee zoo when I was a kid and seeing the gorilla,” said Peter D. Walsh, a biological anthropologist at Cambridge University who works on gorilla conservation in Africa. “I was rapt. It’s like a drug. You don’t get that emotional bond from an IMAX movie. ” Others deride most zoos as little more than amusement parks with educational placards that few people bother to read. “There’s no good evidence that captive apes are having any positive effect on their wild relatives,” said Marc Bekoff, a behavioral ecologist and professor emeritus at the University of Colorado. As for education, he added, “one of the most wonderful and educational lessons in biodiversity I’ve ever seen was a snail exhibit at the Detroit Zoo. ” Peter Singer, a bioethicist at Princeton University, said, “Our primary concern ought to be the   of gorillas, but zoos are constructed the other way around: The primary concern is that humans can see the gorillas. ” No matter their feelings about zoos, primatologists despair at the shocking statistics on wild apes. According to the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species, all species and subspecies of wild apes rank as endangered or critically endangered, and in all cases, the trends point implacably downward. Apes are being lost to poaching, the bushmeat trade, habitat destruction and disease. In Sumatra and Borneo, forests have been pulped to make way for palm oil plantations, with devastating consequences for orangutans. Since the 1990s, 80 percent of Eastern lowland gorillas in Central Africa have died of Ebola. Even among Jane Goodall’s celebrated chimpanzees of the Gombe forest in Tanzania, human activities have lately slashed the population by almost 40 percent. By the Red List reckoning, the planetwide total for all wild apes amounts to 350, 000 individuals, down from premodern figures estimated in the millions. Nor does it help, said Dr. Walsh of Cambridge University, that the public’s concern for the environment is now focused almost exclusively on climate change: “I feel like shouting, ‘Hey, guys, you could end climate change tomorrow and we’d still be facing the greatest extinction crisis we’ve ever seen. ’” There’s a reason humans and the great apes are bunched together taxonomically in the family Hominidae. We split off from chimpanzees and gorillas only about six million to 10 million years ago. The DNA of a chimpanzee is about 98 percent analogous to ours. Apes are avid tool users and tool makers. Chimpanzees fashion sticks to fish termites from a mound and to hunt monkeys hidden in tree holes. Orangutans can learn to row a boat and flip pancakes on a griddle. In observations at the Prague Zoo, Khalil Baalbaki watched gorillas turn empty crates into a series of household objects: tables, chairs, stepping stools to extend their reach, trays to carry their food and as weapons to be thrown in a fight. One young female gorilla extracted wood stuffing from a crate to fashion a pair of slippers, padding her feet with the fibers before venturing onto the snow. According to   of intelligence studies, the average ape has the cognitive, quantitative and spatial skills of a   to    human child. Yet Tetsuro Matsuzakawa’s laboratory in Japan showed that an exceptionally   chimpanzee named Ayuma was twice as good as any university student at recalling numbers flashed on a screen. The great apes also exhibit basic temperamental differences. David Watts, a primatologist at Yale University who has studied chimpanzees and gorillas in the wild, found that while chimpanzees generally didn’t like people or show much interest in their affairs, gorillas were deeply curious. “I quickly realized that the gorillas not only wanted to touch me, but to climb all over me,” he said. In one famous incident, a female gorilla stuck her hand down the shirt of a female primatologist and started feeling around. That innate curiosity, researchers suggest, may explain some of Harambe’s behavior seen on the video of his fatal encounter with the boy who fell into his enclosure  —   fiddling with the boy’s clothing, taking a quick peek as he pulled the boy’s pants upward. He tried pulling the boy into a grotto, perhaps to protect him or to claim the fascinating new playmate for himself. But with the mounting commotion and screams from the onlookers above, researchers said, Harambe grew agitated and soon assumed the stance of a male silverback in dominance display mode. “It’s what we used to call strutting, and male gorillas do it all the time,” Dr. Watts said. “A silverback will stand or walk around with arms and legs stiffly extended, his hair piloerect, to make himself look bigger and more impressive. Harambe was definitely doing that when he was standing over the boy. ” The behavior is mostly bluster: If Harambe had been intent on killing the boy, Dr. Hrdy said, as an interloping male gorilla might kill the babies sired by the silverback he just deposed  —   the quicker to claim the resident females for himself  —   “he would have done it in seconds,” probably with a bite to the skull. Nevertheless, the strut introduced risks of its own, particularly when Harambe began dragging the boy around the enclosure, as a displaying gorilla will sometimes drag around a large branch. Dr. Watts, who said he had been “punched, knocked over and dragged” by male gorillas but never seriously injured, wishes he had been at the Cincinnati Zoo as the crisis unfolded. He would have volunteered to enter the enclosure and assume a submissive fetal position on the floor to try drawing the gorilla’s attention from the boy. (He admits he is engaging in a kind of Monday morning   of his own.) The look and logic of zoos have changed drastically over time. When the first apes were exhibited in the West, in the late 18th century, they were seen as trophies, evidence of imperial victory over savagery. The unfortunate souvenirs usually died within months of their arrival from disease or malnutrition. As zoos sought to improve the health of their resident apes, the enclosures often assumed a blandly sterile configuration, devoid of risky foliage or toys. That approach led to problems of its own, like boredom, repetitive behaviors and depression. More recently, most zoos have worked hard to give apes the mental and emotional stimulation they need, with tires for swinging, rocks for climbing, social groups for mutual grooming or bouts of contagious laughing or yawning. Frans de Waal of Emory University and the Yerkes National Primate Research Center said he was a “big fan” of quality zoos, although perhaps not for large, gregarious animals like killer whales and elephants. “But for great apes, the record now is excellent,” he said. Their health is good, they reproduce readily in captivity and they live 10 years or more longer than their wild peers. Indeed, the first gorilla born in captivity, a female named Colo, is still alive at the zoo in Columbus, Ohio, for which she was named. She will turn 60 in December, a birthday the   grandmother will not celebrate, zoo officials said, by wearing the adorable pinafore and straw bonnet her caretakers dressed her in as a youth. Dr. de Waal said that it was easier than ever to keep apes enriched and entertained. “They like to work on computers,” he said. “When you bring in a touch screen, they get excited about that, and it’s a great way to teach the public about how smart they are. ” But what the public must accept, he said, is that the pleasant notion of zoos as nurseries for restocking wild populations of endangered animals has proved a fantasy in all but a handful of cases, most notably the successful reintroduction of   golden lion tamarins into the Atlantic Forests of Brazil. By contrast, when the British aristocrat Damian Aspinall released 11 of his   lowland gorillas into the wilds of Gabon in 2014, five were soon violently dispatched, probably by a resident gorilla, while others disappeared. Yet critics say that zoo life has its serious downsides, too, as Harambe’s story made plain. The captive ape is the designated “ambassador” for its kind, an object lesson in evolutionary fraternity and shared fate for those of us who remain on the other side of the glass, proclaiming the primacy of human needs, desires and lives.",0
19715,U.S. Prosecutors Outline Case Against Mexican Drug Lord El Chapo - The New York Times,"After eluding prosecution in the United States for decades and escaping from prison twice in Mexico, the crime lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera, better known as El Chapo, appeared on Friday in federal court in Brooklyn and pleaded not guilty to charges that he had overseen a   drug empire. Prosecutors said the operation had moved at least 200 tons of cocaine into the United States, had earned $14 billion in profits and had been protected by an army of assassins who killed thousands of people. Mr. Guzmán’s arraignment, in Federal District Court, was both a news media spectacle and a pro forma counterpoint to his sudden extradition from Mexico on Thursday afternoon, when a police jet flew him from the border to MacArthur Airport in Islip, on Long Island. The brief court proceeding took place under tight security, with police vehicles, heavily armed guards and   dogs patrolling the grounds outside the courthouse. Dressed for his arraignment in a blue     blue pajama pants and blue sneakers, Mr. Guzmán, 59, stood with his   lawyers in front of Magistrate Judge James Orenstein in a   courtroom packed with prosecutors, federal agents and reporters. “Are you Mr. Guzmán?” Judge Orenstein asked the defendant. “Sí, señor,” Mr. Guzmán said. The judge then asked Mr. Guzmán if he understood the charges he was facing. “Sí, señor,” he said again. Those charges had been detailed earlier on Friday at a news conference. At the briefing, Robert L. Capers, the United States attorney in Brooklyn, called the extradition of Mr. Guzmán, whose nickname means Shorty, a milestone in the pursuit of a trafficker who achieved mythic status in his homeland as a Robin   outlaw and a serial prison escapee. Saying that Mr. Guzmán now faced life in prison on a charge of running a continuing criminal enterprise, Mr. Capers sought to play down Mr. Guzmán’s role as a folk hero and promised that he would not escape his American jailers. “Who is Chapo Guzmán?” Mr. Capers said, flanked by a phalanx of   officials from local, state and federal agencies. “In short, he is a man who has known no other life than one of crime, violence, death and destruction. ” Even at a courthouse that has seen the prosecution of Mafia dons like John J. Gotti, the onetime Gambino family boss, and corrupt public officials like Meade Esposito, the former Brooklyn Democratic leader, the arrival of Mr. Guzmán sent a charge through the building, where scores of international reporters were on hand. In an extraordinary confluence of events, Mr. Guzmán was taken from Mexico by plane on the eve of the inauguration of Donald J. Trump and was arraigned in Brooklyn only hours after Mr. Trump was sworn in. After the hearing, he was returned to the Metropolitan Correctional Center in Manhattan, a   federal jail that has housed some of New York’s   federal defendants, including many facing terrorism charges. As the day began, prosecutors in Brooklyn issued a memo laying out their arguments for keeping Mr. Guzmán in custody. They noted his vast wealth and asserted his propensity for violence and his penchant for escaping Mexican prisons  —   most notably, the   Altiplano prison, where he lived in isolation under   surveillance. Nonetheless, he managed to flee after his associates dug a tunnel directly into his shower. Speaking at the news conference, Angel M. Melendez, the special agent in charge of Homeland Security investigations in New York, said he had been at the airport Thursday night when Mr. Guzmán arrived. Mr. Melendez said he looked into Mr. Guzmán’s eyes and saw “surprise, shock and even a bit of fear” now that he was facing “American justice. ” Mr. Guzmán’s escapes in Mexico came while he was serving a long sentence on   offenses. Although officials at the gathering refused to discuss details about security measures, Mr. Melendez said, “I can assure you no tunnel will be built to his bathroom. ” Mr. Guzmán is facing charges in six federal districts, and Mr. Capers said the decision had been made to prosecute him in Brooklyn, with the assistance of federal prosecutors in Miami, because the two offices working together could bring “the most forceful punch” to the case against the leader of the Sinaloa cartel. Mr. Capers added that cases in Texas, in California, in Illinois and elsewhere would, for the moment, remain open. The investigation into Mr. Guzmán’s crimes was conducted by a host of agencies, including the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. In its memo filed Friday, Mr. Capers’s office said it would seek a criminal forfeiture of $14 billion against Mr. Guzmán and announced that it planned to call dozens of witnesses to testify about the staggering scope of Mr. Guzmán’s criminal enterprise: its   shipments of drugs in trucks, planes, yachts, fishing vessels, container ships and submersibles, as well as its numerous killings of witnesses, law enforcement agents, public officials and rival cartel members. The memo also said the government had a vast array of physical evidence, including seized drug stashes and electronic surveillance recordings. The   memorandum of law  —   supplemented with photographs of seized drugs and the planes, boats and submersibles used to smuggle them  —   reads like a history of the modern narcotics business. Prosecutors contend that Mr. Guzmán transformed the drug trade with unchecked brutality, remarkable efficiency and brazen corruption. The document tracks his progression from the 1980s, as a smuggler who transported Colombian cocaine to the United States and returned the profits to traffickers there so efficiently that he earned the nickname El Rápido, through the ’90s, when he began consolidating his control in Mexico. As Colombian traffickers faced increased enforcement of extradition laws, and thus greater threat of prosecution in the United States, they ceded elements of the distribution networks in the United States to Mexican cartels, according to the memo. As Mr. Guzmán’s operations grew, prosecutors say, they became increasingly sophisticated. Mr. Guzmán also established a complex communications network to allow him to speak covertly with his growing empire without detection by law enforcement, according to the memo. This included “the use of encrypted networks, multiple insulating layers of   and   methods of communicating with his workers. ” Mr. Guzmán also established distribution networks in New York, New Jersey, Georgia, Illinois, Texas and California and created “massive   efforts that delivered billions of dollars in illegal profits generated from the cocaine sales in the United States to the Mexican traffickers and their Colombian partners,” the memo said. “These changes,” it added, “enabled Guzmán to exponentially increase his profits to staggering levels. ”",0
19716,"Cities Vow to Fight Trump on Immigration, Even if They Lose Millions - The New York Times","LOS ANGELES  —   Here in Los Angeles, where nearly half of the city’s residents are Latino, Mayor Eric Garcetti has vowed to do everything he can to fight widespread deportations of illegal immigrants. In New York, with a large and diverse Latino population, Mayor Bill de Blasio has pledged not to cooperate with immigration agents. And Mayor Rahm Emanuel of Chicago has declared that it “will always be a sanctuary city. ” Across the nation, officials in sanctuary cities are gearing up to oppose   Donald J. Trump if he follows through on a campaign promise to deport millions of illegal immigrants. They are promising to maintain their policies of limiting local law enforcement cooperation with federal immigration agents. In doing so, municipal officials risk losing millions of dollars in federal assistance for their cities that helps pay for services like fighting crime and running homeless shelters. Mr. Trump has vowed to block all federal funding for cities where local law enforcement agencies do not cooperate with Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents. But as Mr. Trump prepares to take office, Democratic bastions, including Boston, Philadelphia and San Francisco, have reaffirmed plans to defy the administration and act as a kind of bulwark against mass deportations. “I like to compare this to conscientious objector status,” said Mayor Libby Schaaf of Oakland, Calif. “We are not going to use our resources to enforce what we believe are unjust immigration laws. ” Supporters of tougher immigration policies, however, expect a swift response. Dan Stein, the president of the Federation for American Immigration Reform, which opposes legalization for unauthorized immigrants, predicted “a very aggressive,    support for using the full power of the federal government to discourage this kind of interference. ” “These local politicians take it upon themselves to allow people who have been here for a long time to stay here and receive services,” Mr. Stein said. “The Trump administration is basically saying, ‘If you want to accommodate, don’t expect the rest of us to pay for your services. ’” Some believe Mr. Trump could go further than simply pulling federal funding, perhaps fighting such policies in court or even prosecuting city leaders. “This is uncharted territory in some ways, to see if they’re just playing chicken, or see if they will relent,” said Jessica Vaughan, the director of policy studies at the Center for Immigration Studies, which supports reduced immigration. Cities have “gotten away with this for a long time because the federal government has never attempted to crack down on them,” Ms. Vaughan said. The fight could also signal a twist in the struggle over the power of the federal government, as this time liberal cities  —   rather than conservative states  —   resist what they see as federal intervention. Cities “may not have the power to give people rights,” said Muzaffar Chishti, the director of the Migration Policy Institute’s office at the New York University School of Law. “But they have a lot of power of resistance, and that’s what they’re displaying right now. ” No legal definition of sanctuary cities exists, and many mayors dislike the label, saying it unfairly describes policies that merely stop local law enforcement from acting as immigration deputies. Generally, the term refers to jurisdictions that have placed limits on when local law enforcement agencies comply with federal requests to hold undocumented immigrants for detention and turn them over to Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Those requests greatly increased after the Obama administration extended nationwide an electronic monitoring system by which the fingerprints of every person booked by local or state police are sent to the Department of Homeland Security for checking against immigration databases. More than 500 counties and cities have some kind of policy limiting cooperation with the immigration authorities, according to an estimate from the Immigrant Legal Resource Center, an advocacy and legal assistance group in San Francisco and Washington. The latest fight is beginning to play out much like one that occurred in the   when activists in the nation’s big cities resisted the immigration policies of the Reagan administration. Central Americans had become the subject of fierce political jockeying, and scores of churches opened their doors as sanctuaries to flout the Reagan White House. Members of churches and synagogues are again offering their houses of worship as sanctuaries for undocumented people fearing deportation, according to groups that work with immigrants and refugees. A   network known as the “sanctuary movement” was revived in the past few years to take in those at risk of deportation by the Obama administration. In Oakland, a site of resistance a generation ago, Ms. Schaaf has no doubt that the community will again marshal its resources to help undocumented immigrants. The city is exploring ways to offer legal services to immigrants. “We do have many undocumented immigrants, but often these are residents who came to our city as toddlers. They have grown up here and gone to our public schools,” Ms. Schaaf said. “These are not illegal aliens, they are friends’ children, people sitting next to us in our church pews and on the bus. Here it feels much more personal. ” Oakland stands to lose as much as $140 million in federal funding for homeless shelters, meals for the elderly and   preschool programs. Ms. Schaaf has started asking local philanthropists if they will put up money to replace any lost federal funds. “This is our highest priority as far as our response to this election,” she said. In the past, conservatives have embraced the notion that state and city officials can assert themselves with immigration laws. One of Mr. Trump’s immigration advisers is Kris W. Kobach, who helped write a law in Arizona that allowed the police to question people they detained about immigration status. That provision was upheld by the Supreme Court. Rudolph W. Giuliani, an adviser to Mr. Trump who is expected to join his administration, unsuccessfully sued the government in 1996, when he was the mayor of New York, over a federal law he said infringed on local protections for undocumented immigrants. The latest clash will be most acutely felt in California, home to an estimated 2. 3 million of the country’s 11 million undocumented immigrants. Not only does the state allow such immigrants to obtain driver’s licenses, but it also offers them   college tuition and allows them to hold professional licenses to work as lawyers, architects and nurses. A state law passed in 2014 limits counties’ cooperation with federal officials. The policies came under renewed attack last year, after a young woman was shot by an immigrant with a criminal record who lived in the state illegally and had been released by the authorities in San Francisco. Los Angeles, which in 1979 became the first city to specifically bar officers from stopping people to ask about their immigration status, could lose as much as $500 million of its $9 billion budget. The amount includes money for antiterrorism programs and community health centers. “Taking away funding because our law enforcement will not act as federal agents would not only be irresponsible but immoral,” Mr. Garcetti said. “It would be an unprecedented overreach of federal executive power to take even more of our taxes away. ” Mr. de Blasio in New York has signaled that he will look for more ways to fight widespread deportations, and the city is directing undocumented immigrants to its free legal services. New York has the country’s largest municipal identification program and maintains a database of nearly a million people. Mr. de Blasio has pledged not to give any information from the program to the federal government. Melissa Keaney, a lawyer at the National Immigration Law Center, said the federal government could not compel states to carry out immigration enforcements. “Anything that tries to coerce a local government is going to be challenged because these agencies are only responsible for local arrests,” Ms. Keaney said. “Their responsibility is for carrying out public safety criminal law, and it is not within their responsibility or authority to act as federal agents. ” How much cities can fight off deportations, however, remains unclear. Legal experts say that city officials cannot bar immigration agents and that it is unlikely that they could declare a physical sanctuary on public property. Much of their resistance may lie in simply not cooperating. Rick Su, a law professor at the University at Buffalo who has researched immigration and local government, said that unless Mr. Trump ratchets up the number and reach of federal immigration agents, “it is difficult to see how he can achieve the two to three million removals that he has proposed without state and local assistance in identifying and detaining suspected unauthorized immigrants. ” For now, many city leaders are focusing on calming undocumented immigrants’ frayed nerves. Jorge Elorza, the mayor of Providence, R. I. and the son of undocumented Guatemalan immigrants who were eventually naturalized, stood behind a lectern one recent evening to reassure about 150 people who had filled a high school cafeteria. “Folks may feel threatened by what they hear,” Mr. Elorza told them, addressing the crowd in English and Spanish. “We will protect our communities and our families so they can continue to live their lives free of fear and safe in our communities. ”",0
19717,Bundy Family Redeemed with Not Guilty Verdict in Oregon Case,"Bundy Family Redeemed with Not Guilty Verdict in Oregon Case October 28, 2016 Bundy Family Redeemed with Not Guilty Verdict in Oregon Case 
A federal court jury delivered a surprise verdict on Thursday acquitting anti-governme leader Ammon Bundy and six followers of conspiracy charges stemming from their role in the armed takeover of a wildlife center in Oregon earlier this year. The outcome marked a stinging defeat for federal prosecutors and law enforcement in a trial the defendants sought to turn into a pulpit for airing their opposition to U.S. government control over millions of acres of public lands in the West. Bundy and others, including his brother and co-defendant Ryan Bundy, cast the 41-day occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge as a patriotic act of civil disobedience. Prosecutors called it a lawless scheme to seize federal property by force Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",0
19718,Silent But Deadly - Russia Developing Devastating ‘Carrier Killer’ Torpedo - Alexander Vershinin,"Military Silent But Deadly - Russia Developing Devastating ‘Carrier Killer’ Torpedo 
While shrouded in secrecy, the ‘Khishchnik’ is thought to have characteristics that are an improvement on those of the well-known Shkval torpedo Originally appeared at RBTH 
In early October, Russian military analysts reported that a group of designers working for the navy were completing work on a completely new high-speed torpedo. The widely-known Shkval (“Squall”) torpedo, which for a long time was a global leader in terms of speed and the destructive force of its warhead, will be replaced by a new torpedo, called Khishchnik (“Predator”). 
No specific information is available yet on what the new torpedo is like and what its technical characteristics are: The project is classified. It is only known that it is being developed by the Elektropribor design bureau, which specializes in aviation technology. 
The connection is not accidental – after all, what is being developed is not just a torpedo but what is in effect an underwater missile whose engine has a lot in common with its airborne equivalents. One thing is certain: In terms of its main specifications, the Khishchnik will exceed its famous predecessor, the Shkval. 
Underwater record breaker 
The project brief to develop a fundamentally new torpedo capable of carrying a nuclear warhead was issued in the USSR back in the 1970s. The resulting Shkval torpedo was accepted into service in 1977 and, despite its venerable age, remains the world’s record breaker among underwater projectiles. 3601159_original.jpg The Shkval torpedo / Source: Anatoly Sokolov / Oruzhie Rossii 
An ordinary torpedo has a speed of no more than 140 kilometers per hour (87 mph), which allows a ship targeted by it to maneuver and avoid being hit. The Shkval, however, leaves the enemy practically no chance: Its speed is nearly three times the speed of a standard torpedo. This means that a targeted ship has just a third of the standard time for maneuver. In real naval combat that means a nearly inevitable hit. 
The secret of the Shkval’s speed is in its special engine, which runs on solid fuel. While an ordinary torpedo gains speed with the help of spinning propellers, the Shkval uses supercavitation. A special design of its engine makes it possible to achieve a unique physical effect, whereby a gas bubble forms around the moving torpedo. That allows the projectile to move virtually in a vacuum, minimizing drag. 
The Shkval torpedo remains one of the top-secret Russian military designs. Although it has been in operation for nearly 40 years, some of its technical characteristics continue to be classified. It is therefore not surprising that it was Shkval-related documents that featured in an early 2000s spy scandal involving U.S. businessman Edmond Pope. 
That said, most of the attempts to replicate this torpedo abroad have failed. It was only in 2005 that the German Navy received an underwater rocket with specifications close to those of the Shkval, though even then it failed to beat its Russian equivalent in terms of speed. 
Cold War legacy in the 21st century 
Like many other military designs that originated in the Cold War, the Shkval has outlived the Soviet-U.S. global confrontation. It was originally created as a Soviet response to the development of U.S. naval air defense. Soviet aviation was no match for the powerful American navy and reactive torpedoes emerged as a know-how aimed to make up for that deficiency. 
As an effective anti-naval weapon, the Shkval remains popular still. Back in 1992, Russian designers developed a dedicated export version of the torpedo. This is somewhat inferior to the original in terms of its range and speed but is still superior to foreign equivalents. 
And yet the Shkval has considerable potential for improvement. It has a relatively short firing range and the depth capability of its carrier is limited. This makes a Shkval-enabled submarine susceptible to active enemy defense. A torpedo traveling at a high speed generates noise that makes it easy to detect it. Finally, it does not have a homing guidance system. 
One can assume that all these considerations were taken into account in the development of the Khishchnik. After all, things that were technically impossible 40 years are quite achievable today.  ",0
19719,"29 Years Ago, Thomas Sankara, the African Che Guevara, was Murdered","shorty By Darío Mizrahi T homas Sankara was a young communist officer who attempted to take Burkina Faso out of the neocolonial orbit of France, but was murdered by his closest comrades. During Sankara’s short time in power, Burkina Faso became self-sufficient in grains. “He was the first to forbid female genital mutilation, and included women in all realms of public administration.” His killer, Blaise Compaoré, ruled for 27 years, until run out of the country in 2014 . This article previously appeared in The Dawn [3] . “He created the Communist Officers’ Group, which overthrew the government on November 7, 1982.” Earlier this month, Burkina Faso began to exhume the remains of the leader that founded the country in 1984. They seek to reveal the murderous conspiracy that ended his life, after four years of leading a revolutionary government. Thomas Isidore Noël Sankara was born on December 21, 1949 in what is known today as Burkina Faso, but was then still a French colony called Alta Volta . When he finished secondary school, at 19, he began a prolific military career that would be inextricably linked to politics. Just 14 years later, Sankara made a coup d’état through armed struggle and an overwhelming support from the population and assumed the leadership of the country. Back then, he was already a symbol throughout the continent. Thanks to a combination of charisma, courage and intelligence and his undoubtedly revolutionary convictions, the world began to talk about “African Che Guevara.” Just like the Argentine guerrilla, he had an early, tragic death, due to the betrayal of his closest comrade. Now, 28 years after his murder, and after the work to exhume his remains began, to unveil his mysterious end, Infobae interviewed Spanish writer Antonio Lozano, one of the most notorious experts on the Burkinese leader. As a corollary to his investigations, in 2006 he published The Sankara Case (Almuzara Ed), a novel that combines historical accuracy with fiction to retell his eventful life and tragic murder. The creation of a revolutionary leader “Sankara wanted to be a doctor, but his family was poor and his only option if he wanted to study was to attend a military academy. He was a Christian and that was always a part of his ideology,” Lozano says. “Surprisingly, at the time many of the professors of the military academy were Marxists”, Lozano explained, “so there he came into contact with these ideas. When he finished the first level of studies, his good grades allowed him to train as an Official of the Army in Madagascar, a country where there were constant popular revolts”. When he returned to Alto Volta, Sankara had strong convictions and thought that it was essential to break with the colonial oppression of his nation, which was one of the poorest of the planet. They sent him to the city of Pô, where his military and political career began. He had soldiers under his command which he taught his ideas. And on the other hand he worked with the poor people of the city and earned their respect and admiration. “When he went to Rabat, Morocco, to take a course he met Blaise Compaoré, who became a great friend and comrade-in-arms of his, and who would later do the revolution with him. When he returned to Alto Volta, he participated in a short war against Mali, where he shined for an incursion he did with his men and made him famous and praised by the population,” the historian says. “Sankara had strong convictions and thought that it was essential to break with the colonial oppression of his nation, which was one of the poorest of the planet.” I n 1981, he was appointed Secretary of Information of the State. But six months after, he announced his resignation in an explosive press conference, in which he denounced the authoritarianism of the government and the attempts to “put a gag on the people.” This consolidated his fame as one of the most notorious figures of the country. He had created, together with Campaoré and other members of the Armed Forces, the Communist Officers’ Group. This group overthrew the government on November 7, 1982, and appointed a new President: Jean-Baptiste Ouédraogo. Sankara was appointed Prime Minister in January 1983. “Muammar Khadafi, who was already governing Linya and was one of the biggest figures of Arab socialism at the time, invited him to his country and considered him a comrade. At that time, every rally he held in Alto Volta was attended by thousands.” But France wouldn’t have this. “Due to the pressure of France and the right-wing coalition that was still in the government, he was imprisoned”, Lozano recounts. “So Compaoré and his allies started to act” to get him released, and “with the help of mass mobilizations of the Burkinese people”, they recovered Sankara from the claws of the metropoli. In August 4, 1983, they took the power through armed struggle. At 33, he was appointed president and the Sankara’s Revolution began. The foundation of a new country “He created a revolutionary process that was unheard of in Africa. On August 4, 1984, he changed the name of Alto Volta to Burkina Faso, which means “Land of the Honest People” which reflects his struggle against corruption, an endemic disease of African governments. He lead by example: he continued earning the same amount he made as Captain of the Army, sold all of the expensive cars owned by the state and adopted as official vehicle the cheapest car in the market, the Renault 5.” He decreased the salaries of all public officers, forbade the use of chauffeurs and mandated that all ministers had to travel in tourist class. He also stood against nepotisms and didn’t allow family-members to work for the state. His austerity was a characteristic that defined him until his death. “At the time he was murdered, his only possessions were a mortgaged house and three bikes” Lozano says. The other main axis of his administration was the incentive to education and culture. “In a single year, the alphabetization rate went from 12 to 36%, and it kept raising thanks to the rural schools he created throughout the country.” He also made great advances in health. He created vaccination commands that in just a few months immunized almost all Burkinese children against infectious diseases that were causing great harm. “At the time he was murdered, his only possessions were a mortgaged house and three bikes.” B ut the greatest revolution he led was the one in favor of women’s rights . He was the first to forbid female genital mutilation. He promoted the celebration of March 8 and included women in all realms of public administration. In the economic aspect, “he made an agrarian reform that redistributed land and gave out fertilizers and seeds to peasants, and created small dams. Through this, he managed to make Burkina Faso one of the few countries of the region to acquire self-sufficiency in the cereal supply, which is the base of the population’s diet.” Sankara knew that in order to be able to implement his agenda of reforms, he had to achieve “economic independence” for the country. This led him to confront the international financial system, and particularly the French one. Despite the declaration of independence, the country was still heavily tied to its former metropoli. The refusal to pay the external debt, which had been taken by previous governments, was one of his main measures. “In his last big speech, which he gave in September 1987 in the context of the General Assembly of the African Union, he defended these ideas once again and said that if they didn’t stand with him, he wouldn’t be there the following year. And, in fact, he didn’t live to see the 1988 assembly,” the biographer said. “He said that the only one with the ability to kill him was Blaise Compaoré, because he knew him better than anybody else.” S ankara had made powerful enemies, both inside and outside the country. “He saw the end coming. In an interview he gave 15 days before his death to a newspaper from Belgium, when they asked about potential conspiracies he said that the only one with the ability to kill him was Blaise Compaoré, because he knew him better than anybody else. His circle told him several times to cut him off because he was a threat. But his answer was always the same: he was like a brother.” Compaoré disagreed with many of Sankara’s policies, especially with the ones that restricted the acts of public officers. On October 15, 1987, an armed group entered Thomas Sankara’s office while he was in a meeting with the 12 members of the National Council of the Revolution. Sankara, who was 37 at the time, was murdered along with the rest of the attendants. Simultaneously, Compaoré made a coup d’état and became the President of Burkina Faso. He stayed in power for 27 years, until mass revolts forced him to flee the country in 2014. Source URL: http://blackagendareport.com/thomas_sankara_murdered_29_years_ago",0
19720,Parents Have Only 2 Hours to Show Dying Newborn What a Lifetime Full of Love Looks Like Before It’s Too Late,"Share on Twitter 
Alyssa had known that having a baby wouldn't be easy. According to Fox News 5 , a variety of health problems — including cerebral palsy, hyperthyroidism, and diabetes — guaranteed that her pregnancy would qualify as a high risk one. 
Still, she and her husband wanted nothing more than to be parents. Image Credit: Alyssa Young/Independent Journal Review 
So, when Alyssa learned she was pregnant, it was a joyous moment in what had been a very difficult year for their family. Immediately, Alyssa decided that if the baby was a girl, she would name her “Scarlett Faye” after the two most important women in her life — her mother and her recently deceased grandmother. Alyssa tells Independent Journal Review: 
“The joy I felt was indescribable. I loved being pregnant. It's all I talked about, thought about, and dreamed about. From the moment I found out that there was life inside of me, I thought that this baby was a blessing sent to us all. She was going to shed light on this terrible year everyone had had.” 
The pregnancy progressed better than Alyssa could have hoped. She learned that her baby would be a girl, and that little Scarlett was growing as expected. Then, at 20 weeks, Alyssa started experiencing pain and minor bleeding. 
At first, her discomfort was dismissed as normal pregnancy aches. However, when the pain got worse, Alyssa headed to the hospital, praying all the way that everything would be fine. 
Once at the hospital, the on-call obstetrician told Alyssa that she had an incompetent cervix. While Alyssa was willing to undergo a procedure to address the issue, the doctor explained that it wouldn't help. The only hope lay in strict bed rest and medication that might stop her from dilating further. Alyssa tells Independent Journal Review: 
“After the doctor left the room, Justin laid over the bed rail, grabbed my right hand, and just sobbed. I wrapped my left arm around him and kissed his head, and cried with him. ... We held each other and cried together for what seemed like forever. That night seemed very long. I tossed and turned, prayed and thought. I begged God for everything to be okay. She was our blessing and I couldn't stand think of losing her.” 
Sadly, the next day, Alyssa learned that the measures they had tried hadn't worked. Her baby was on its way. The grief she felt was mixed with the feeling that she had failed as a mother: 
“I felt like I had failed. I felt like I failed him [her husband] and our daughter. All I could spit out was 'I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.' I must have repeated that a dozen times.” 
Scarlett Faye was born at 20 weeks gestation, weighing less than a pound. Image Credit: Alyssa Young/Independent Journal Review 
Alyssa describes the beauty of her newborn daughter: 
“She was perfection. She was very well developed, and the most perfect combination between her father and I. She holds a special place in our hearts. There isn't a day that goes by that I don't think of her. My little girl yesterday, my angel today, my daughter forever.” 
As the nurses gave Alyssa her daughter to hold for the first time, the new mom found that there was so much she wanted to tell her baby. She tells Independent Journal Review: 
“I held Scarlett on my chest and cried into hers. I studied her face, so it'd forever be imprinted in my mind. I studied her body, her toes, her ribs. Everything. ... I told her that I was so sorry. I told her I loved her. I told her it was okay to let go. ... Everyone took their turns and held her. Everyone got to love her. That's all she ever experienced was love.” 
Alyssa's memories of her daughter are illuminated by love. Image Credit: Alyssa Young/Independent Journal Review 
She explains to Independent Journal Review that though her daughter only lived for two hours, every moment of that time was filled with the love of family: 
“She felt love. That is it. In the two hours that she was alive, she fought to stay with us. In those two hours, she was cuddled, kissed, hugged, and loved. She went peacefully. Justin and I got to be with her two whole days before we went home. I was able to cuddle her body, change her dirty diapers, bathe her, and love her. While in the hospital, I never left her side.” 
Alyssa says she isn't sharing her story to gain sympathy. Rather, she hopes that she can help other women from experiencing the same loss by raising awareness of the problem of incompetent cervix. Image Credit: Alyssa Young/Independent Journal Review 
She has set up a Facebook page to help women going through pregnancy loss and tells Independent Journal Review that she wants to make a difference for her daughter, as well as for other babies who were taken too soon: 
“Scarlett along with all the other babies, deserves justice. Even those who have lost their littles too soon for other reasons. We need to stand together and fight for our babies.” ",0
19721,"Donald Trump’s Final Rally: Grand Rapids, MI 11/7/16","Donald Trump Tells Veterans He’s ‘Financially Brave’ ‹ › Since 2011, VNN has operated as part of the Veterans Today Network ; a group that operates over 50 plus media, information and service online sites for U.S. Military Veterans. Donald Trump’s Final Rally: Grand Rapids, MI 11/7/16 By VNN on November 7, 2016 Make America Great Again 
“Put an End to decades of Clinton corruption…” Mike Pence, said. 
“Do you want America to be ruled by the corrupt political class or do you want America to be ruled again by the people?” Trump asked. 
“I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear the words we are about to say. When we win on November 8, we are going to drain the swamp” Trump said. 
“Tomorrow the American working class will strike back.” Trump said. 
Donald J. Trump for President FINAL rally in Grand Rapids, MI at Devo’s Place. Trump’s final pitch – A 2 minute Ad airing in all battleground States:",0
19722,"Birleşik Krallık, Suriye’de cihatçıları eğitmeye yeniden başlıyor","Birleşik Krallık, Suriye’de cihatçıları eğitmeye yeniden başlıyor Voltaire İletişim Ağı | 2 Kasım 2016 français Español Deutsch Português italiano İngiliz Savunma Bakanı Michael Fallon, ülkesinin Özgür Suriye Ordusunu yeniden oluşturacağını duyurdu. Böylece İngiliz Hükümeti, 2014 yılında Başkan Obama tarafından başlatılan « ılımlı » olarak adlandırılan savaşçıların eğitim programını yeniden başlatıyor.
Özgür Suriye Ordusu, 2011 yılında El-Kaide’nin Libyalı önderi Abdülhakim Belhac çevresinde Fransa tarafından oluşturuldu. Söz konusu operasyon, Albay Riyad el-Esat önderliğinde Suriye Ordusundan firar edenlere yapılan bir yardım olarak sunulmuştu. Daha sonra ÖSO üyeleri zamanla El-Kaide’ye katıldı. 2016 yılında, ÖSO etiketi, Türkmen milisleri için bu adı kullanan Türkiye tarafından yeniden canlandırıldı.
ABD’ye gelince, yeni « isyancı savaşçıların » eğitimi için bir buçuk milyar dolar harcamıştı. Öte yandan bu eğitilen insanların tümü bugün El-Kaide’ye katılmış durumdadır.
Dolayısıyla da İngilizlerin yeni programlarının, El-Kaide’ye yönelik yeni bir örtülü yardım olması kuvvetle muhtemel.
Çeviri
Osman Soysal",0
19723,Why Hillary won't unleash WWIII,"No-fly zone would ""require war with # Syria and # Russia "" -- top US general http:// on.rt.com/7q0t - Advertisement - 6:15 PM - 22 Sep 2016 
Predictably, the Clinton (cash) machine has been relentless promoting Hillary's no-fly zone. Whenever cornered, the machine switches the narrative to Russian hacking of the DNC. Edward Snowden, who knows a thing or two about cyberwarfare, stresses there is no solid proof Russian intel hacked the Democratic/Clinton machine. And if they actually did it, the NSA would know. The fact the NSA is mum reveals this is no more than information war. Pass the missile launchers, please 
Trump seems to have been more on the money when he insisted how Hillary will be outsmarted -- as she already was in the past -- when dealing with President Putin, who she has demonized as Hitler. 
I have shown how Hillary will be prevented from launching WWIII because her no-fly zone is already implemented in Syria by Russia. And the Pentagon -- reflecting Dunford's comments -- knows it, no matter how emphatically soon-to-be-unemployed Pentagon head Ash Carter threatens "" consequences ."" 
The Pentagon ranks Russia and China as the number one and two ""existential threats"" to US national security, in that order. And the US government reserves for itself the privilege of a nuclear ""first-strike"" -- which Hillary supports (but not Trump); this is part of the 2002 Full Spectrum Dominance doctrine.",0
19724,Hillary Clinton Warns Against Treating Donald Trump as ‘Normal’ Candidate - The New York Times,"Continuing to treat a victory over Senator Bernie Sanders as a fait accompli, Hillary Clinton on Sunday questioned Donald J. Trump’s business record and assailed his ideas, warning that the coming weeks represented a critical period in which, if left unchallenged, Mr. Trump could “normalize himself” as he seeks to broaden his support. But Mr. Sanders pointed to polls showing Mrs. Clinton with dangerously high percentages of people who have unfavorable views of her and asked whether a choice between her and Mr. Trump in the fall would force voters to pick the “lesser of two evils. ” Even as she contends with Mr. Sanders’s unflagging critique from the left, Mrs. Clinton said it was vital for her to pivot to confront Mr. Trump now, lest he successfully repackage himself for wider consumption, rather than appealing to the Republican primary electorate alone. “I do not want Americans and, you know,   Republicans, as well as Democrats and independents, to start to believe that this is a normal candidacy,” Mrs. Clinton said of Mr. Trump’s campaign on NBC’s “Meet the Press. ” “I know he has a plurality of Republicans who have voted for him,” she added. “But I think in the course of this campaign, we are going to demonstrate he has no ideas. There’s no evidence he has any ideas about making America great, as he advertises. He seems to be particularly focused on making himself appear great. And as we go through this campaign, we’re going to be demonstrating the hollowness of his rhetoric. ” Mrs. Clinton also poked at Mr. Trump’s failure to release his tax returns. Told that Mark Cuban, the media executive and owner of the Dallas Mavericks, had expressed interest in being her running mate, Mrs. Clinton said she was “absolutely” open to considering business leaders, not just elected officials. “Businesspeople, especially successful businesspeople, who are really successful  —   as opposed to pretend successful  —   I think, have a lot to offer,” said Mrs. Clinton, whose campaign has begun taunting Mr. Trump with a #PoorDonald hashtag on Twitter, suggesting that he is not nearly as wealthy as he claims. Mr. Trump has cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service as his reason for keeping his tax returns private. “We’ve got to get below the hype,” Mrs. Clinton said. “I think we’re beginning to find out, but I don’t think we know enough, and that’s why he should release his tax returns. ” In choosing a running mate, Mrs. Clinton said she would seek, above all, someone prepared to be president and “someone you can work with  —   someone you believe will be a good partner. ” Mrs. Clinton’s intense focus on Mr. Trump came as a new ABC   Post poll showed the two    among registered voters in a general election matchup, after Mrs. Clinton had led by nine percentage points in March. Voters have widely unfavorable opinions of both candidates: 53 percent expressed such a view about Mrs. Clinton and 60 percent about Mr. Trump. Mr. Sanders, however, vowed on Sunday to fight all the way to the Democratic convention in July, pointing to polls that indicated he would fare better against Mr. Trump than Mrs. Clinton would. In several television interviews, he complained that Democratic superdelegates had thrown their support to Mrs. Clinton before he had even entered the race. “I ask those superdelegates to take a look at which candidate is the stronger to defeat Donald Trump,” Mr. Sanders said on ABC’s “This Week. ” “I don’t want to see the American people voting for the lesser of two evils. ” When the host George Stephanopoulos followed up by asking if he saw Mrs. Clinton as “the lesser of two evils,” Mr. Sanders backed away slightly. “Well, if you look at  —   no, I wouldn’t describe it, but that’s what the American people are saying,” he said, citing her unfavorable ratings. Mr. Sanders and Mrs. Clinton will be campaigning hard in California, which holds its primary on June 7. In Vista, Calif. on Sunday, Mr. Sanders told a cheering crowd that he was the strongest Democratic candidate to defeat Mr. Trump and that he hoped to have 50 percent of the total pledged delegates by the end of voting. He also stressed that his campaign had more “enthusiasm” and “energy” than his rival’s. “Our vision of social justice, of economic justice, of racial justice and of environmental justice  —   our vision is the future of this country,” Mr. Sanders said. “And I hope the leadership of the Democratic Party understands it must be the vision of the Democratic Party. ” Mrs. Clinton drew criticism from some Democrats and Republicans recently after telling voters she would put her husband, former President Bill Clinton, “in charge of revitalizing the economy” and job creation. On Sunday, she clarified her intentions, saying his role would be advisory, not ministerial. “I am going to ask my husband, who has a great track record in creating jobs, putting people back to work, revitalizing communities, to be in an advisory role working with me, working with our cabinet, to try to figure out what we can do” in particularly   areas, Mrs. Clinton said on NBC. “You know, every first lady has taken on special projects. ”",0
19725,"Taliban Claim Killing of 7 in Afghan Province, Including New Attorney General - The New York Times","KABUL, Afghanistan  —   The newly appointed attorney general of Logar Province, just one hour into his job, was among seven people killed on Sunday when two Taliban insurgents attacked as his inauguration ceremony was ending, Afghan government officials said. Salim Saleh, the spokesman for the governor of Logar, said the insurgents attacked the location of the ceremony in the appeals court building in    the provincial capital, at 10:30 a. m. killing the new attorney general, Akram Nejat, and four other government employees as well as two civilians.   others were wounded. The episode was the third   attack in Afghanistan in the past two weeks. The Taliban immediately claimed responsibility for the Logar attack. Zabihullah Mujahid, a Taliban spokesman, said the attack was revenge for the government’s execution of six Taliban prisoners last month, the first such executions in years. Ahmad Nader Naderi, a senior adviser to President Ashraf Ghani, said that Mr. Nejat was one of more than 100 new judicial officials appointed in an anticorruption drive. The appointments were reviewed personally by Mr. Ghani, who took the news of Mr. Nejat’s assassination hard, Mr. Naderi said. “Tell his family I’m very saddened,” Mr. Naderi quoted the president as saying. Mr. Naderi said that attacks on judicial workers reflected an effort by insurgents to undermine faith in the government’s anticorruption drive. The authorities in Logar said the two attackers had apparently hidden inside the courthouse the night before, and attacked from inside once the ceremony had ended, as officials were exchanging congratulations and meeting  . Fighting went on for 90 minutes before the attackers were killed by Afghan police forces, Mr. Saleh said. The authorities had said earlier that three attackers were involved, but revised that number downward when only two bodies were found. Last week, Taliban insurgents, dressed in burqas, attacked a courthouse in Ghazni Province, killing six people, most of them civilians. The Taliban also attacked a minibus carrying court employees in Kabul on May 25, killing 10 officials. In a second attack on Sunday, a prominent member of the Afghan parliament, Sher Wali Wardak, was killed by a bomb planted in the electric meter box on the wall outside his home in Kabul, said Gen. Zaher Zaher, the head of the ministry of interior’s criminal investigation division. The Taliban also claimed responsibility for that killing.",0
19726,"At Boeing, Donald Trump Highlights ’Jobs First’ Agenda - Breitbart","President Donald Trump traveled to South Carolina to celebrate Boeing’s new   Dreamliner plane, promising to bring more jobs back to the United States. [“As your president, I’m going to do everything I can to unleash the power of the American spirit and to put our great people back to work,” Trump said.  Trump delivered his speech at the Boeing manufacturing plant, with the new plane behind him. “The name says it all. Dreamliner. Great name,” Trump said. “Our country is all about making dreams come true. ” The president took the opportunity to proclaim his jobs agenda. “This is our mantra, buy American and hire American. We want products made in America, made by American hands,” he said. Trump spoke in front of a crowd of supporters and factory workers, some of them chanting “  !” as he took the stage. The president teased the possibility of making a big order of Boeing   Super Hornets for the United States military, but admitted that the Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg was a “tough negotiator. ” Trump recognized that South Carolina was the home of many of the Armed Forces, vowing to make sure the military was equipped properly. “As George Washington said, ‘Being prepared for war is the best way to prevent it,’” Trump said. “Peace through strength. We build a military might so great  —   and we are going to do that  —   that none will dare to challenge it. ”",0
19727,Black Community Early Vote Count Down; Clinton Camp Concerned,"Email 
As Election Day approaches, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton knows that she must be able to count on the votes of the black community, a bloc that has been a reliable Democratic constituency for decades. 
In light of some of the revelations in the WikiLeaks e-mail dump, the Clinton campaign is worried that they may actually have a fight on their hands on Tuesday for the support of African Americans. 
Even President Obama senses the danger. 
In an article covering a campaign stop in North Carolina made by the current Oval Office occupant, CBS News reported on November 3 that Obama ""worries now the black vote 'is not as solid as it needs to be' for Hillary Clinton."" 
His fears may be well-founded. Here's the situation as reported by CBS News: An Associated Press analysis of early voting data in North Carolina shows blacks have cast 111,000 fewer ballots than at this point four years ago, when Obama lost the state by about 92,000 votes. Clinton aides note that GOP officials there reduced early voting sites for the initial week of early voting, and they say they can make up the difference by Election Day now that more sites are opening. Black voters’ share of early ballots request is also down a few percentage points in Florida and Ohio, though the Clinton campaign points to strong early turnout in key urban counties with large numbers of blacks and Hispanics. 
It's not as if Hillary Clinton is just sitting back, trusting that blacks will show up for her on Election Day. She's attacking her Republican opponent, Donald Trump, calling him a threat to the black community. Again, from CBS News: Her [Hillary Clinton's] campaign is broadcasting an ad on black-audience radio stations hailing the former secretary of state as “fighting for us,” in contrast to Trump “demeaning our community.” A female voice in the ad says, “Listen to how he talks about us.” One audio clip has Trump singling out a black supporter at a rally in California: “Look at my African-American over here,” he said. In another, Trump lambasted Obama as “the most ignorant president in our history.” 
There is evidence, however, that some black voters are focused less on what Trump said about President Obama in a stump speech and more on what Clinton said about African Americans when she thought no one was listening. 
Black Conservatives Fund (BCF), a non-profit organization dedicated to representing the views of center-right African American voters, just launched a targeted paid media campaign intended to reach minority millennial voters in swing states who are still considering the qualities of the two major party candidates running for the White House. 
Their advertising features two spots highlighting Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton’s previous comments expressing contempt for black Americans, calling them “super-predators” and claiming they’d make up her “firewall” against Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) in the 2016 primary. 
The ad, “Hillary Hates,” features the candidate’s 1996 comments where she was caught using racially divisive undertones to champion a bill that ultimately locked up a generation of black men. The ad also uses 2016 footage of her run-ins with Black Lives Matter protesters. “We’re not just the only conservative group going after black voters on television — we’re the only group, period,” Black Conservatives Fund Senior Adviser Ali Akbar said. 
With a television buy in Ohio and North Carolina, the ad is supplemented by a sizable digital buy that spans across Facebook, Instagram, and smaller, highly targeted web publications. The cable time has been reserved across BET, CNN, ESPN, HGTV, and USA networks in these states. 
The digital ad buy stretches into at least three other states not being targeted on television. In total, the group has planned a six-figure commitment to their advertising campaign for the remainder of the 2016 general election, hoping to move the needle away from a candidate who, when the election isn't days away, uses language to describe black voters that would cause substantial media furor if such statements were made by a Republican presidential hopeful. 
“Make no mistake: our aim isn’t to suppress African American votes. Instead, we’re telling black voters to make sure they participate in this election, but they need to remember what Hillary Clinton thinks of them,” Akbar said. “We are confident that our message will have significant reach, since Democrats have neglected advertising to them this cycle.” 
Akbar's message might be reaching the right homes, as even the New York Times has reported that early voting among blacks is down in key states and that this electoral anomaly might turn out to be ""canary in a coal mine"" indicating that black voters aren't as monolithic or as easily duped as the Clinton campaign and the DNC thinks they are. From the Times article published on November 1: African-Americans are failing to vote at the robust levels they did four years ago in several states that could help decide the presidential election, creating a vexing problem for Hillary Clinton as she clings to a deteriorating lead over Donald J. Trump with Election Day just a week away. As tens of millions of Americans cast ballots in what will be the largest-ever mobilization of early voters in a presidential election, the numbers have started to point toward a slump that many Democrats feared might materialize without the nation’s first black president on the ticket. 
For its part, the BCF has not been a backer of Trump from the beginning. In fact, during the primary campaign, the group endorsed, contributed to, and made independent expenditures for Dr. Ben Carson and then Senator Ted Cruz. 
Subsequently, BCF focused on down-ballot races and driving Hillary Clinton’s negatives higher with black voters. The PAC has been recognized by outlets such as National Review for being one of the most efficient grassroots PACs. 
“Once every four years the black community is courted then subsequently abandoned by Hillary Clinton Democrats,” Akbar concluded. “Amid numerous protests by black millennials against Hillary Clinton’s candidacy, the black vote was again taken for granted. No more.” 
Despite the valiant efforts of the BCF and other constitutionally minded, liberty-loving black voters, it is almost certain that Hillary Clinton will run away with the black vote by a substantial margin. 
That isn't the issue, though. The issue is that we may be witnessing the early days of a generational shift by the African American community away from being a Democratic Party ""fire wall"" — as Clinton dismissively declared them — and toward being a voting bloc that doesn't turn a blind eye to the disrespectful and dismissive way it has been treated by a Democratic Party that does little to improve the quality of life of this important and politically powerful minority.  ",0
19728,"All Donated Blood in U.S. Should Be Tested for Zika, F.D.A. Says - The New York Times","The Food and Drug Administration on Friday took steps to safeguard the nation’s blood supply from the Zika virus, calling for all blood banks to screen donations for the infection even in states where the virus is not circulating. The recommendations are an acknowledgment that sexual transmission may facilitate the spread of Zika even in areas where mosquitoes carrying the virus are not present. Officials also want to prepare for the possibility that clusters of local infection will continue to pop up in parts of the United States for years to come. “There could be multiple outbreaks of Zika happening outside the known current ones in South Florida, but because we are not actively looking they could be happening silently,” said Dr. Peter J. Hotez, the dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine, who applauded the F. D. A. ’s move. Without federal funds, it is generally not possible for local health departments to conduct active surveillance for Zika virus in the blood or urine of patients with fever or rash, he added. “In some ways the inaction from Congress has forced the F. D. A. to adopt this position,” Dr. Hotez added. “They have no other choice. ” The agency urged blood centers to use one of two experimental tests intended to detect active infections, called nucleic acid tests, before releasing donated blood for use in transfusions. As an alternative, banks may decontaminate plasma and platelets with   pathogen reduction technology. But the recommendations are likely to pose a significant challenge for some blood banks and for the   labs that perform much of the blood screening nationwide, some experts said. Eleven states must put the new safeguards into place within four weeks. They include Alabama, Arizona, California, Georgia, Louisiana, New York and Texas, which have many residents who travel to   countries or are near an area that already has locally acquired   cases. Other states have 12 weeks to carry out the recommendations. “This is a bombshell, because this is extremely rapid introduction of a new test nationwide that’s almost unprecedented,” said Dr. Jeffrey McCullough, emeritus professor of laboratory medicine and pathology at the University of Minnesota Medical School. “To try to implement this, in four weeks, is really, really difficult. ” Yet the new safeguards also are necessary, Dr. McCullough said. Under current guidelines, it is too difficult to identify infected donors by “trying to sort out risky donors by history of where they’ve been or what they’ve exposed to. ” Nationwide, nearly 14 million units of whole blood and red blood cells are collected each year from about seven million donors. Every day, as many as 36, 000 units of red blood cells are given to patients, along with 7, 000 platelet units and 10, 000 units of plasma. Consistent screening of the blood supply is an enormous task. There are more than 11, 500 confirmed cases of Zika virus in states and territories, according to the C. D. C. Nearly 2, 500 of them are people in the continental United States who traveled abroad where   mosquitoes are circulating. More than 30 cases were acquired in Florida. Puerto Rico has been screening all blood donations since March. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in June found that a surprisingly high percentage of donors had signs of active infection with the Zika virus. The F. D. A. provisionally approved two screening tests for Zika in blood donations on an investigational basis in March and June respectively. The first is made by Roche Molecular Systems, and the second by a collaboration between Hologic Inc. and Grifols. Neither test is fully F. D. A approved yet, and the facilities using them are enrolled in a continuing study. As part of Roche’s investigation, four centralized testing labs that screen blood for multiple banks in the South have been “collecting and testing blood for weeks now,” said Tony Hardiman, who leads the blood screening operations at Roche. For the 11 states that need to be ready in a month, he said, “we are pretty much locked and loaded. ” “Our focus now is what do we do for the rest of the country to bring them up in 12 weeks,” he added. Officials at Blood Systems, which operates blood banks in 24 states, said they will be able to test blood donations in California and some Southern states like Mississippi in a month. The company will then work on getting sites in the Rocky Mountain States operational, said Dr. Ralph R. Vassallo Jr. the chief medical and scientific officer. Creative Testing Solutions, a large blood donor testing lab, already is using both experimental Zika screening tests. In Tampa, the company has relied on Roche’s test since the Zika outbreaks began in   County. In its Dallas and Phoenix outposts, C. T. S. has installed two   Panther machines to be able to screen tubes of blood with the   test, in case   mosquitoes arrive along the Gulf Coast. In light of Friday’s F. D. A. recommendations, officials said they will have to train more employees to use new tests and significantly scale up. “We test 35 percent of the blood supply, so in order to be able to do that in all states in 12 weeks, we are going to need additional pieces of equipment,” said Marc Pearce, a spokesman for C. T. S.  —   12 more Panthers and one more machine that runs the Roche test. Asked on a conference call with reporters about funding the new safeguards, Dr. Peter Marks, the director of the F. D. A. ’s Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research, said, “I can’t speak to the cost of implementation at this time. ” Hospitals may wind up paying more for each unit of blood because of additional screening costs, some experts said. “When hospitals hear this, they will be concerned that they could see a cost increase of up to $8 more per unit,” Dr. Vassallo said, which is roughly how much it costs to screen each unit for the Zika contamination. This month, after the first cases of local transmission in Miami were discovered, some blood banks near Zika hot zones in Florida began screening blood donations. According to Dr. Marks, one donation contaminated with the virus had been found in recent weeks in the state. The bag of contaminated blood was discarded. “The system worked correctly,” Dr. Marks said.",0
19729,"Report: Obama to End Cuban ’Wet Foot, Dry Foot’ Policy - Breitbart","(Associated Press) The Obama administration is ending the “wet foot, dry foot” policy that granted residency to Cubans who arrived in the United States without visas. [That’s according to a senior administration official, who said the policy change was effective immediately.  The official said the U. S. and Cuba have spent several months negotiating the change, including an agreement from Cuba to allow those turned away from the U. S. to return. The move comes about a week before President Barack Obama leaves office and is likely the last major change he will make to his overhaul of the U. S. relationship with Cuba. The official insisted on anonymity in order to detail the policy ahead of an official announcement.",0
19730,The Purpose of Demonizing Putin,"Excerpted from War Is A Lie by David Swanson. 
W ars are not fought against flags or ideas, nations or demonized dictators. They are fought against people, 98 percent of whom are resistant to killing, and most of whom had little or nothing to do with bringing on the war. One way to dehumanize those people is to replace all of them with an image of a single monstrous individual. 
Marlin Fitzwater, White House press secretary for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush, said that war is “easier for people to understand if there’s a face to the enemy.” He gave examples: “Hitler, Ho Chi Minh, Saddam Hussein, Milosevic.” Fitzwater might well have included the name Manuel Antonio Noriega. When the first President Bush sought, among other things, to prove he was no “wimp” by attacking Panama in 1989, the most prominent justification was that Panama’s leader was a mean, drug-crazed, weirdo with a pockmarked face who liked to commit adultery. An important article in the very serious New York Times on December 26, 1989, began “The United States military headquarters here, which has portrayed General Manuel Antonio Noriega as an erratic, cocaine-snorting dictator who prays to voodoo gods, announced today that the deposed leader wore red underwear and availed himself of prostitutes.” Never mind that Noriega had worked for the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), including at the time he’d stolen the 1984 election in Panama. (U.S. outrage at interference in elections is extremely new.) Never mind that his real offense was refusing to back U.S. war making against Nicaragua. Never mind that the United States had known about Noriega’s drug trafficking for years and continued working with him. This man snorted cocaine in red underwear with women not his wife. “That is aggression as surely as Adolf Hitler’s invasion of Poland 50 years ago was aggression,” declared Deputy Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger of Noriega’s drug trafficking. The invading U.S. liberators even claimed to find a big stash of cocaine in one of Noriega’s homes, although it turned out to be tamales wrapped in banana leaves. And what if the tamales really had been cocaine? Would that, like the discovery of actual “weapons of mass destruction” in Baghdad in 2003 have justified war? 
Fitzwater’s reference to “Milosevic” was, of course, to Slobodan Milosevic, then president of Serbia, whom David Nyhan of the Boston Globe in January 1999 called “the closest thing to Hitler Europe has confronted in the last half century.” Except, you know, for all the other ones. By 2010, the practice in U.S. domestic politics of comparing anyone you disagreed with to Hitler had become almost comical, but it is a practice that has helped launch many wars and may still launch more. However, it takes two to tango: in 1999, Serbs were calling the president of the United States “Bill Hitler.” 
In the spring of 1914, in a movie theater in Tours, France, an image of Wilhelm II, the Emperor of Germany, came on the screen for a moment. All hell broke loose. 
“Everybody yelled and whistled, men, women, and children, as if they had been personally insulted. The good natured people of Tours, who knew no more about the world and politics than what they had read in their newspapers, had gone mad for an instant,” according to Stefan Zweig. But the French would not be fighting Kaiser Wilhelm II. They would be fighting ordinary people who happened to be born a little ways away from themselves in Germany. 
Increasingly, over the years, we’ve been told that wars are not against people, but purely against bad governments and their evil leaders. Time after time we fall for tired rhetoric about new generations of “precision” weapons that our leaders pretend can target oppressive regimes without harming the people we think we’re liberating. And we fight wars for “regime change.” If the wars don’t end when the regime has been changed, that’s because we have a responsibility to take care of the “unfit” creatures, the little children, whose regimes we’ve changed. Yet, there’s no established record of this doing any good. The United States and its allies did relatively well by Germany and Japan following World War II, but could have done so for Germany following World War I and skipped the sequel. Germany and Japan were reduced to rubble, and U.S. troops have yet to leave. That’s hardly a useful model for new wars. 
With wars or warlike actions the United States has overthrown governments in Hawaii, Cuba, Puerto Rico, the Philippines, Nicaragua, Honduras, Iran, Guatemala, Vietnam, Chile, Grenada, Panama, Afghanistan, and Iraq, not to mention the Congo (1960); Ecuador (1961 & 1963); Brazil (1961 & 1964); the Dominican Republic (1961 & 1963); Greece (1965 & 1967); Bolivia (1964 & 1971); El Salvador (1961); Guyana (1964); Indonesia (1965); Ghana (1966); and of course Haiti (1991 & 2004). We’ve replaced democracy with dictatorship, dictatorship with chaos, and local rule with U.S. domination and occupation. 
In no case has a U.S. war clearly reduced evil. In most cases, including Iran and Iraq, U.S. invasions and U.S.-backed coups have led to severe repression, disappearances, extra-judicial executions, torture, corruption, and prolonged setbacks for the democratic aspirations of ordinary people. 
The focus on rulers in wars is not motivated by humanitarianism so much as propaganda. People enjoy fantasizing that a war is a duel between great leaders. This requires demonizing one and glorifying another. 
This article was originally published at DavidSwanson.org . Share:",0
19731,Director Joss Whedon Calls Ivanka Trump a Dog,"Social media erupted after Avengers director Joss Whedon attacked President Donald Trump’s    Jared Kushner and compared his wife, Ivanka Trump, to a dog. [“Hey, keep your eyes on this fu*king prize too. He’s a Voldemort in training,” Whedon wrote on Twitter Tuesday, sharing a photo of Jared Kushner standing next to Trump in the Oval Office.  “Unlike the Pekingese he married under, can play the long game,” Whedon wrote, comparing Ivanka to the dog breed. Hey, keep your eyes on this fucking prize too. He’s a Voldemort in training,  unlike the Pekingese he married under, can play the long game pic. twitter.   —   Joss Whedon (@joss) January 24, 2017,  Social media users didn’t hesitate to call the director out for his attacks on President Trump’s children. @joss Just so we’re on the same page here. You just called Ivanka a dog because you don’t agree with Trump. Classy.  —   Ryan (@rylandes) January 24, 2017,  @joss The left used to be better than this. You used to be better than this.  —   Actually Three Guns (@NotThreeGuns) January 24, 2017,  Some users pointed out what they called Whedon’s hypocrisy in attacking Ivanka Trump the director is a   feminist. @joss Maybe next time just come out and say ”bitch”. You ain’t fooling anyone with ”Pekingese”. Is this how you fight for women’s rights?  —   Priest Of Gamers 🕹 (@AndyFrogman) January 24, 2017,  @rylandes @GolightlyGrl427 @joss And he supposedly supports women  …    I guess just the ones who wear fake vaginas on their faces,  —   Ster (@Ster24080753) January 24, 2017,  @joss wow calling his wife a dog? I guess it’s OK to demean women as long as you don’t like them or their husbands, eh?  —   Dick Gazinya (@JaDingo) January 24, 2017,  Shortly after Trump’s victory in November, Whedon said Trump cannot “cannot be allowed a term in office. ” “It’s not about 2018. It’s about RIGHT NOW,” he wrote. The   has also used social media to attack other members of the Republican party. Earlier this month, Whedon wrote on Twitter that he hoped House Speak Paul Ryan would be killed in a gruesome way. “Violence solves nothing. I want a rhino to fuck @SpeakerRyan to death with its horn because it’s FUNNY, not because he’s a #GOPmurderbro,” he wrote. Whedon also posted a meme mocking Nicole Kidman as being a “puppet for Trump” after the actress said Americans need to rally around Trump. During the campaign, the director launched the Save the Day PAC, which supported Hillary Clinton’s failed presidential bid. In September, he gathered together cast members of his Avengers films, including Robert Downey Jr. Scarlett Johansson, Mark Ruffalo and Don Cheadle, for an     political PSA.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
19732,Manhunt for Migrant Plotting Toxic Gas Attacks on Seaside Towns,"German police are said to have uncovered evidence of a plot to carry out chemical attacks in British seaside towns while raiding a huge migrant camp. [The authorities were searching the camp for Christmas market killer Anis Amri, but the Tunisian migrant easily evaded his pursuers by taking advantage of the European Union’s borderless Schengen Area, travelling through several countries before being discovered by two Italian police officers in a random   . He shot and injured one of them in the ensuing gunfight, before being killed by rookie cop Luca Scatà.  What the German police did find, according to the Sunday Express, were partially burned documents describing toxic agents and two undisclosed towns on the English seaside, believed to belong to a Syrian chemical weapons scientist. The scientist is thought to be at large in Europe after crossing its external frontier posing as an asylum seeker. Frontex, the EU Border Agency, has previously admitted that there are “no thorough checks or penalties in place for [migrants] making false declarations” allowing individuals who represent a security threat to infiltrate the continent. The scientist was trained by the Assad government but may have transferred his allegiance to Islamist groups working to overthrow the president, and was already subject to a manhunt by American security services. Islamic State has used mustard gas and chlorine gas in Iraq and Syria, but it is feared that this individual may be capable of deploying far more sophisticated toxic agents. Previous reports by Breitbart London have highlighted how easy it for migrants to penetrate Britain’s “porous” borders, and there is a real danger that the fugitive is already in the UK. The revelations follow an admission from the Minister of State for Security, Ben Wallace, that Britain faces the prospect of a “mass casualty” chemical attack at the hands of Islamic State in the near future, with   Muslims as well as migrants posing a threat. “There are traitors,” Wallace told The Sunday Times. “The insider threat   …     is real and can be exploited, and there are people trying to do that as we speak. If it’s hard to get in the front door, then what you try and do is get someone on the inside. ”",0
19733,Cosmic Weather Executive Order: What Does It Mean?,"Cache Valley Prepper November 18, 2016 Cosmic Weather Executive Order: What Does It Mean? 
Does the government know something that we don’t about what is going to happen to our power grid? 
The latest executive order on cosmic weather certainly has some folks in the survival community scratching their heads. Do you know why? Because it doesn’t help you much, but leaves you survive on your own. 
President Obama says he recognizes that naturally occurring EMP’s “ could disable large portions of the electrical power grid, resulting in cascading failures that would affect key services such as water supply, healthcare, and transportation. ” 
First off, understand that the type of EMP caused by cosmic weather would only affect equipment connected to the power grid, land lines or other very long conductors, so it would not affect your car … until you need to buy gasoline or you phone … until you need to connect to the internet or a cell tower. 
What we are most concerned about with this type of EMP is damage to the infrastructure that we all depend on, specifically the large transformers in the power grid which are custom built (mostly overseas) and have lead times measured in years. 
Why only address naturally-occurring EMP and not nuclear high-altitude EMP? 
I think the answer to that is simply that existing executive orders, COG (Continuity of Government) and NIPP (National Infrastructure Protection Plan) already cover protection of key infrastructure in the event of acts of war or terror attacks, so that train has already left the station – no power or budget to grab or rights to infringe upon there. 
Why is important, other than that your internet will be down and credit and bank cards won’t work, is that a severe space weather event could knock out the US power grid and reshape the balance of power in the world. 
Russia claims its grid is hardened against EMP and China runs major EMP-response exercises. Every former superpower is making preparations in case of EMP attack and virtually all substantial enemies of the US either are in the process of developing or already have EMP weapons. 
The US has EMP weapons programs and we have upgraded a few key segments of our communications infrastructure, so it is clear that our leadership is aware of the threat EMP poses, but we haven’t funded any significant national preparation. 
Scientists have been beating politicians over the heads with EMP scenarios for decades now, but they don’t seem to care much about it. 
Why hasn’t the US already made preparations in case of EMP? 
According to Dr. Peter Pry, a member of the congressional EMP Commission and executive director of the Task Force on National and Homeland Security, the power industry is afraid of over-regulation. 
That is why it is using its considerable power to lobby against any EMP preparation and crank out junk science a la “lead is good for you because it occurs naturally,”“smoking is not harmful to your health,” and “we would starve without GMO foods and high fructose corn syrup” only this time it’s “EMP only affects the power grid in movies.” 
Don’t let the fact that the rest of the world is united on the matter that the EMP is a threat fool you. Here in the USA, we reserve the right to be ignorant and listen to K Street lobbyists and the best scientists they can buy instead of our best scientific minds. 
Warning have yielded both grassroots and congressional efforts, such as the Shield Act, which have been blocked at every turn by the power lobby for well over a decade now. This opened the door for Barrack Obama, who claims not to need congress because he has a phone and a pen, to step in an issue the executive order. 
In October of last year, the White House published the 2015 National Space Weather Plan, which sets two goals: to improve our detection capabilities (warn us a few hours before the EMP), and to strengthen our capability to respond to the needs of the people after an EMP has damaged the grid. 
Why not a comprehensive EMP plan to harden the grid against both types of EMP? 
Because existing executive orders already cover EMP of the nuclear high-altitude variety under war and terrorism, so there wasn’t any additional power or funding to grab. 
At a glance, the plan seems like perhaps a step in the right direction, but dig deeper and its more social programs and less privacy, thinly disguised as a preparedness plan. About the only thing that could make this plan worse is if it was truly this president’s best effort to protect the nation from EMP. 
Why am I not excited about the government finally creating a plan to deal with EMP, even if it is only naturally-occurring EMP? The Obama regime used this as pretext to violate privacy rights by making GPS constellation data publicly available. Obama’s plans for EMP preparedness don’t mean boo unless they are funded and they will not be funded without congress. Simply passing an executive order does not change that. Most of page 2 of the White House plan is basically a disclaimer that the plan is not a budget document and that funds to carry out the plan would granted through the budget process. An effective POTUS does not simply throw out an idea and then blame congress for not approving funds that don’t exist to implement a plan when there was already another, better plan on the table. Instead of the one-time investment of $2 billion to fix the problem and harden the US electrical again against BOTH kinds of EMP that the Shield Act asks for, it would invest in capability to warn us a few hours ahead of an EMP and then attempt to put Humpty Dumpty back together again after our large transformers have melted . This is a reactive, “social aspirin and Band-aid” patch job that invests in social programs instead of a proactive permanent fix for the chronic problem. No funding for joint DOD – FEMA Training Exercises. Instead he directs the heads of agencies to work together “consistent with their ongoing activities” referring to the 2015 National Space Weather Action Plan. 
Somebody needs to tell the White House that it won’t matter if people have health insurance if they are going to be without electricity for up to 4 years. Maybe that is a length of time they can get their heads around. 
The US has been operating in an utter leadership vacuum for nearly two terms now, arguably much, much longer. We could permanently fix the EMP threat to our grid for about what we spend on climate change research in a year. 
The US could have long ago joined the growing list of nations making earnest preparations against EMP, but is not course our benevolent leader has chosen. 
The FEMA – DOD turf war is going to cost untold millions of lives in a severely damaging EMP 
Hurricane Katrina was a minor event when compared to losing the US electrical grid for years, but it serves as an example of the consequences of the FEMA – DOD turf war. The states tried to handle the disaster themselves to capture Federal funding and everyone had to sit on their hands until they asked for help. 
But by then, they had trouble even contacting the Federal Government to ask for help, so precious time was lost, which translated to lives lost. Then the Federal government sends in FEMA, who sealed off the disaster area and takes its shot at the prize budget money. 
The military still couldn’t do anything until they were asked. FEMA ended up running around like a chicken with its head cut off because it was also outclassed by the scope of the event, losing more time and lives until FEMA finally asks for DOD. 
Why did the DOD need to be involved in Katrina and will they inevitably need to be involved in a large-scale EMP? 
Because FEMA has thousands of employees where DOD has millions. FEMA can call subcontractors and pay them to deliver trailers or loads of supplies. DOD can coordinate colossal airlifts and entire fleets of ships. We cannot handle an emergency of this magnitude without the DOD, so FEMA needs to get let that sink in now, BEFORE an EMP. 
The FEMA budget is not going to matter. FEMA is going to go down in history as crewing the Titanic in this scenario and the post-EMP agency that replaces FEMA will not resemble the pre-EMP FEMA, that is, if the USA even still exists as such after China lays down the terms for the replacement of our large transformers. 
What would a competent leader would have done Fund NASA and the National Foundation of Sciences Studies that would debunk the junk science funded by the power industry lobby. Educate the public about the threat. Pass the Shield Act and harden the grid against space weather and nuclear EMP alike instead of an unfunded plan followed by an executive order. Get the DOD and FEMA working and training together before the catastrophe and give them funding to do it instead of just telling the directors to work together “consistent with their ongoing activities.” 
So what does Obama’s executive order on cosmic weather mean for you? 
It means that, as usual, you are largely on your own. The only preparations that you can count on are ones you have made yourself and with those you trust in your local community. This may actually be better for you than being lied to that your government has everything under control. 
You are better off preparing independently as opposed to believing that Uncle Sam, or someone else, is going to bail you out. 
Be prepared! Get your power generator. Click the banner below to grab this offer and pay in installments for the right power generator for your EMP survival! 
This article has been written by Cache Valley Prepper for Survivopedia. 
References:",0
19734,Москва ввела в эксплуатацию систему по борьбе с превышением скорости,"  
Как пишет Коммерсант, система под названием ""Пит-стоп"" позволяет инспекторам ДПС оперативно задерживать злостных нарушителей скоростного режима, используя данные с автоматических камер, и направлять материалы в суды. 
По данным издания, максимальное наказание, которое применяла ГИБДД за это нарушение с использованием автоматических комплексов ранее составляло 5 тысяч рублей. Теперь же нарушителям грозит лишение прав. 
Таким образом, в распоряжении сотрудников ДПС теперь 50 нетбуков с доступом к данным о всех нарушениях, зафиксированных автоматическими камерами (всего по городу их 934). Инспектор оперативно получает данные о водителях, злостно нарушающих скоростной режим в зоне патрулирования экипажа ДПС - речь идет о превышении скорости на 60 километров в час и выше. 
Решение о преследовании и задержании нарушителя принимается по расчетному маршруту его движения, построенному системой. Если нарушителя удается задержать - составляется протокол, материалы направляются в суд. Если нет - собственнику автомобиля придет штраф. 
26 октября в результате столкновения в Подмосковье микроавтобуса с двумя грузовиками погибли семь человек, еще шестеро получили тяжелые травмы. 
Согласно сообщениям пресс-службы областной полиции. микроавтобус двигался со скоростью не менее 100 километров в час и ехал в опасной близости с грузовиком, который столкнулся на 36-м километре дороги ""Дон"" с большегрузом. 
По уточненным данным, в микроавтобусе Volkswagen находились 12 пассажиров и водитель. Сообщается, что об аварии на 36-м километре трассы М4 «Дон» первые сведения поступили около 06:00. Столкновение произошло на платном участке дороги в районе города Домодедово. 
На месте ЧП прибыли сотрудники ДПС. В ликвидации последствий ДТП принимают участие 25 человек и 8 единиц техники, отметили в областном управлении МЧС . 
В Иваново двое пьяных инкассаторов перевернулись на бронированном служебном автомобиле , не сумев поставить его в гараж. 
Как сообщает ""РГ"" со ссылкой на региональное УГИБДД, ЧП в произошло вечером 14 сентября. 
25-летний водитель, управляя инкассаторским автомобилем ""Практик-2964"", не справился с управлением и опрокинул машину на проезжую часть. 
В результате ДТП пассажир инкассаторского автомобиля, 29-летний мужчина, получил ушиб левой лопаточной области спины. 
По данным ГИБДД, водитель и пассажир являются сотрудниками одной из инкассаторских фирм. После смены инкассаторы распивали спиртное, а затем в нетрезвом состоянии поехали ставить бронированный автомобиль в гараж. Однако, не справившись с управлением, собутыльники перевернулись на дороге, так и не доехав до места назначения. В крови водителя обнаружили 0,53 промилле алкоголя. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda.Ru на сегодня Поделиться:",0
19735,"National Data | October Jobs— Immigrant Working-Age Population Grows 9 Times Faster Than Native-Born, Blacks Hardest Hit (Seriously)","- < National Data | October Jobs— Immigrant Working-Age Population Grows 9 Times Faster Than Native-Born, Blacks Hardest Hit (Seriously) November 7, 2016, 9:29 am   
Immigrant displacement of American workers close to a record high, black unemployment jumps and a new immigration surge is underway—right in time for the election. 
The government, in its last pre-election snapshot of the economy, reported that employers added 161,000 workers in October. The official unemployment rate dropped to 4.9 percent, from 5 percent. And average hourly earnings rose 2.8 percent year over year, a level not reached since 2008. 
The MSM saw as presaging a healthy outlook for the months ahead. “It was pretty positive across the board,” said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide Insurance.[ Last Economic Snapshot Before The Election Shows Healthy Job Growth, By Patricia Cohen, NYT, November 4, 2016, 
Apparently Mr. Berson does not scrutinize the part of Household Employment Survey where data are reported by race and nativity. There he would have seen that seasonally-adjusted unemployment among Black men 20 years and older rose in October (to 8.6% from 8.3% the prior month) while Hispanic men in that age bracket enjoyed a decline (to 5.0% from 5.4% in September). Seasonally adjusted unemployment among white men held steady at 4.1% in September and October. 
This pattern is consistent with the displacement of black workers by low wage, primarily Hispanic, immigrants.[ After Immigration Raid, Locals Line Up For Jobs, NPR, August 28, 2008] 
Even the macro picture of continued job growth is belied by the latest Household Survey results. 
In October: Total Household Survey employment fell by 43,000, down by 0.03% Native-born American employment rose by 206,000 up by 0.16% Foreign-born immigrant employment fell by 249,000, down by 0.96% 
But October was unusual in that native-born American workers gained jobs and immigrants lost them. Overall, native-born American workers have lost ground to their foreign-born competitors throughout the Obama years and this trend has accelerated significantly in 2016. Last month was one of the occasional anomalies. This is brought out in our New VDARE.com American Worker Displacement Index (NVDAWDI) graphic: OBAMA'S LEGACY: IMMIGRANT VS. AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT GROWTH January 2009 though October 2016 (Monthly employment index: Jan. 2009=100) *VDARE.COM AMERICAN WORKER DISPLACEMENT INDEX Source: BLS Household Employment Survey; VDARE.com 
Native-born American employment growth is represented by the black line, immigrant employment growth is in pink, and NVAWDI—the ratio of immigrant to native-born job growth—is in yellow. The index starts at 100.0 in January 2009 for both immigrants and native-born Americans, and tracks their employment growth since then. 
From January 2009 through October 2016: Immigrant employment rose by 4.248 million, or by 19.6%. The immigrant employment index rose from 100.0 to 119.6. Native-born American employment rose by 5.456 million, up by 4.6%. The native-born American employment index rose from 100.0 to 104.5. NVDAWDI (the ratio of the immigrant to native-born employment growth indexes) rose from 100.0 to 114.4. (100X (119.6/104.5)) 
During the Obama years, immigrant employment has risen 4.3 times faster than native-born employment–19.6% versus 4.6%. In many unskilled occupations, the gap is larger, owing to a disproportionate share of foreign-born workers. 
The foreign-born share of total U.S. employment has risen steadily, albeit erratically, during the Obama years: IMMIGRANT SHARE OF U.S. EMPLOYMENT January 2009 through October 2016 Source: BLS Household Employment Survey; VDARE.com 
In Barak Obama’s first full month in office (February 2009) 14.97% of all persons working in the U.S. were foreign-born. The foreign-born share in October was 17.05%, the fifth highest among the 94 months of Mr. Obama’s administration. The Obama era high, 17.216%, was set in September 2016. 
Seven of the 10 worst months for native-born workers in the Obama years (measured by the share of jobs held by immigrants) have occurred in 2016. 
The foreign-born share of total employment in September was 2.23 percentage points above the level recorded in February 2009. With total employment now at 152.0 million, this implies that Obama-era immigration may have pushed as many as 3.39 million native-born Americans onto the unemployment rolls since then. 
A detailed snapshot of American worker displacement over the past year is seen in the Employment Status of the Civilian Population by nativity table published in the monthly BLS Report. [ PDF] 
Employment Status by Nativity, Oct. 2015-Oct. 2016 (numbers in 1000s; not seasonally adjusted)",0
19736,Biden: I’d Take on Trump Behind Gym,Russia Unveils Update of Advanced Nuclear Weapon 10/26/2016 EPOCH TIMES Russia has unveiled a new nuclear missile that “is capable of wiping out parts of the earth the size of T ... Biden: I’d Take on Trump Behind Gym 10/26/2016 ANOTHER DAY IN THE EMPIRE Just when you thought this election cycle couldn’t get any more slimy and absurd. Enter ... Scientists About To Pour $100 Million Into Looking For Aliens Around Weird Star 10/26/2016 THE DAILY CALLER Astronomers are about to pour $100 million into investigating a star that may be surrounded by a lar ... AMTV Archives,0
19737,"American Dream, Revisited","Will Trump pull a Brexit times ten? What would it take, beyond WikiLeaks, to bring the Clinton (cash) machine down? Will Hillary win and then declare WWIII against her Russia/Iran/Syria “axis of evil”? Will the Middle East totally explode? Will the pivot to Asia totally implode? Will China be ruling the world by 2025?
Amidst so many frenetic fragments of geopolitical reality precariously shored against our ruins, the temptation is irresistible to hark back to the late, great, deconstructionist master Jean Baudrillard. During the post-mod 1980s it was hip to be Baudrillardian to the core; his America, originally published in France in 1986, should still be read today as the definitive metaphysical/geological/cultural Instagram of Exceptionalistan.
By the late 1990s, at the end of the millennium, two years before 9/11 – that seminal “before and after” event – Baudrillard was already stressing how we live in a black market maze. Now, it’s a black market paroxysm.
Global multitudes are subjected to a black market of work – as in the deregulation of the official market; a black market of unemployment; a black market of financial speculation; a black market of misery and poverty; a black market of sex (as in prostitution); a black market of information (as in espionage and shadow wars); a black market of weapons; and even a black market of thinking.
Way beyond the late 20th century, in the 2010s what the West praises as “liberal democracy” – actually a neoliberal diktat – has virtually absorbed every ideological divergence, while leaving behind a heap of differences floating in some sort of trompe l’oeil effect. What’s left is a widespread, noxious condition; the pre-emptive prohibition of any critical thought, which has no way to express itself other than becoming clandestine (or finding the right internet niche).
Baudrillard already knew that the concept of “alter” – killed by conviviality – does not exist in the official market. So an “alter” black market also sprung up, co-opted by traffickers; that’s, for instance, the realm of racism, nativism and other forms of exclusion. Baudrillard already identified how a “contraband alter”, expressed by sects and every form of nationalism (nowadays, think about the spectrum between jihadism and extreme-right wing political parties) was bound to become more virulent in a society that is desperately intolerant, obsessed with regimentation, and totally homogenized.
There could be so much exhilaration inbuilt in life lived in a bewildering chimera cocktail of cultures, signs, differences and “values”; but then came the coupling of thinking with its exact IT replica – artificial intelligence, playing with the line of demarcation between human and non-human in the domain of thought.
The result, previewed by Baudrillard, was the secretion of a parapolitical society – with a sort of mafia controlling this secret form of generalized corruption (think the financial Masters of the Universe). Power is unable to fight this mafia – and that would be, on top of it, hypocritical, because the mafia itself emanates from power.
The end result is that what really matters today, anywhere, mostly tends to happen outside all official circuits; like in a social black market.
Is there any information “truth”?
Baudrillard showed how political economy is a massive machine, producing value, producing signs of wealth, but not wealth itself. The whole media/information system – still ruled by America – is a massive machine producing events as signs; exchangeable value in the universal market of ideology, the star system and catastrophism.
This abstraction of information works as in the economy – disgorging a coded material, deciphered in advance, and negotiable in terms of models, as much as the economy disgorges products negotiable in terms of price and value.
Since all merchandise, thanks to this abstraction of value, is exchangeable, then every event (or non-event) is also exchangeable, all replacing one another in the cultural market of information.
And that takes us to where we live now; Trans-History, and Trans-Politics – where events have really not happened, as they get lost in the vacuum of information (as much as the economy gets lost in the vacuum of speculation).
Thus this quintessential Baudrillard insight; if we consider History as a movie – and that’s what it is now – then the “truth” of information is no more than post-production synch, dubbing and subtitles.
Still, as we all keep an intense desire for devouring events, there is immense disappointment as well, because the content of information is desperately inferior to the means of broadcasting them. Call it a pathetic, universal contagion; people don’t know what to do about their sadness or enthusiasm – in parallel to our societies becoming theaters of the absurd where nothing has consequences.
No acts, deeds, crimes (the 2008 financial crisis), political events (the WikiLeaks emails showing virtually no distinction between the “nonprofit” Clinton cash machine, what’s private and what’s public, the obsessive pursuit of personal wealth, and the affairs of the state)
seem to have real consequences.
Immunity, impunity, corruption, speculation – we veer towards a state of zero responsibility (think Goldman Sachs). So, automatically, we yearn for an event of maximum consequence, a “fatal” event to repair that scandalous non-equivalence. Like a symbolic re-equilibrium of the scales of destiny.
So we dream of an amazing event – Trump winning the election? Hillary declaring WWIII? – that would free us from the tyranny of meaning and the constraint of always searching for the equivalence between effects and causes.
Shadowing the world
Just like Baudrillard, I got to see “deep” America in the 1980s and 1990s by driving across America.
So sooner or later one develops a metaphysical relationship with that ubiquitous warning, “Objects in this mirror may be closer than they appear.”
But what if they may also be further than they appear?
The contemporary instant event/celebrity culture deluge of images upon us; does it get us closer to a so-called “real” world that is in fact very far away from us? Or does it in fact keep the world at a distance – creating an artificial depth of field that protects us from the imminence of objects and the virtual danger they represent?
In parallel, we keep slouching towards a single future language – the language of algorithms, as designed across the Wall Street/Silicon Valley axis – that would represent a real anthropological catastrophe, just like the globalist/New World Order dream of One Thought and One Culture.
Languages are multiple and singular – by definition. If there were a single language, words would become univocal, regulating themselves in an autopilot of meaning. There would be no interplay – as in artificial languages there’s no interplay. Language would be just the meek appendix of a unified reality – the negative destiny of a languidly unified human species.
That’s where the American “dream” seems to be heading. It’s time to take the next exit ramp.
This piece first appeared Strategic-Culture .
 Pepe Escobar is the author of Globalistan: How the Globalized World is Dissolving into Liquid War (Nimble Books, 2007), Red Zone Blues: a snapshot of Baghdad during the surge and Obama does Globalistan (Nimble Books, 2009). His latest book is Empire of Chaos . He may be reached at pepeasia@yahoo.com .",0
19738,The Coming Storm — ‘Trump only won because the Elites want him there’,"The elite Shadowmasters need a scapegoat for the world catastrophe they have been planning for a long time . . . and Trump will be the man to blame when the house of cards comes crashing down. THE COMING STORM Economic Armageddon is on its way ! While many of us in the alternative media and especially those researchers of Clinton crimes are breathing a big fat sigh of relief that anybody but Hillary is headed to the White House in 2017, Brandon Smith of Alt Market is warning us all not to get too comfortable… and with history on his side here, we should listen to him. 
Despite what looked like a rigged, fraudulent Hillary win orchestrated from the top down with the entire establishment machine behind her, Trump won the election. In an election year that would have otherwise seen record low voter turnout, the specter of Hillary that led to Trump’s victory has now given the people a reason to believe their vote actually matters again, an extra boon to further relegitimize the corrupt system running things in this country. 
But Brandon Smith reminds us that if Trump is walking into the Oval Office in January, it is only because the elites decided to put him there in advance — and for a reason. 
First it should be noted that Smith accurately predicted that Brexit would pass , even when the majority of the alt media was reporting that there was no way it possibly could. Was it another victory for the people? 
No, it was predetermined well in advance: “The mainstream media has been consistently comparing Trump supporters to Brexit supporters, and Trump himself has hitched his political wagon to the Brexit. This fits perfectly with the globalist narrative that populists and conservatives are killing the global economy and placing everyone at risk. “ 
Then he accurately predicted a Trump win … but not because voting actually matters: “U.S. elections are indeed controlled, and have been for decades, primarily through the false left/right paradigm. However, as I have been pointing out since I correctly predicted the success of the Brexit referendum, I don’t think that Clinton is the choice of the elites.” “To be clear, my position is that Trump is slated to take the White House and that this is by design. This has been my position since before Trump won the Republican Primaries, it was my position when the election cycle began, it has never changed, nor have my views on the reasons for this outcome ever changed…” 
Smith says regardless of whether or not Trump is a legitimate anti-establishment candidate, his win means the global economic collapse the system has been holding off on will finally come to pass — as planned — under Trump’s watch: “…Even if Trump is a legitimate anti-establishment conservative, his entry into the Oval Office will seal the deal on the economic collapse, and will serve the globalists well. The international banks need only pull the plug on any remaining life support to the existing market system and allow it to fully implode, all while blaming Trump and his conservative supporters…” 
He will be the perfect scapegoat for something the alternative media have known is coming for a long, long time. 
Now Smith is spelling it out : The bottom line is, Trump is on the way to the White House because the elites WANT HIM THERE. Now, many liberty proponents, currently in a state of elation, will either ignore or dismiss the primary reason why I was able to predict the Brexit and a Trump win. These will probably be some of the same people that were arguing with me only weeks ago that the elites would NEVER allow Trump in office. So, to clarify: Trump may or may not be aware that he and his conservative followers have been positioned into a a trap. We will have to wait and see how he behaves in office (and he WILL be in office, despite the claims of some that the elites will try to “stop him” before January). My primary point is THAT IT DOES NOT MATTER, at least not at this stage. The elites will initiate a final collapse of the global economy under Trump’s watch (this will probably escalate over the course of the next six months), and they WILL blame him and conservatives in general. This IS going to happen. The elites play the long game, and so must we. 
And there you have it. 
It’s not much of a secret that the economy is being artificially propped up. The Fed’s QE stimulus programs are no longer working. We know it can’t remain this way forever. 
And even though everyone just feels so much relief that we’ve all been spared the nightmare of Hillary Clinton climbing into yet another seat of even more power, we can’t just assume we’re all going to skip off into happy magical fairy sprinkle land unscathed. 
Sure, the people have spoken, but it’s only the illusion of power that we’re seeing play out now. The Powers That Shouldn’t Be running this insanity circus always have a plan… how else have they gotten away with controlling the globe for at least the past century? 
While millions of Americans are celebrating Trump’s win today, I will remain even more vigilant. The party is just getting started, folks. Don’t get too comfortable. Sadly, we can’t ignore decades of New World Order history here just because we’re relieved a psychopath like Hillary lost the election. 
2017 is going to be a bumpy ride . DISCLAIMER. All articles published on this website reflect the views of their original authors; publication here in no way implies automatic agreement or approval of its contents. “If you have tears, prepare to shed them now.” — Shakespeare, Julius Caesar",0
19739,Hillary Planning Her Escape After a Trump Win With a $1.8 BILLION Money Transfer to QATAR,"Email 

It appears Bill and Hillary Clinton are making plans to flee the country in the event Donald Trump wins this election. Reports are circulating that the Clinton’s have transferred 1.8 Billion dollars from the Clinton Foundation to the Qatar Central Bank via a facilitation/abatement of JP Morgan Chase & Company for reasons not revealed. 
This move of such a large sum of money to the country of Qatar says in itself Hillary Clinton knows she is going to lose the election, and she doesn’t plan to allow her or Bill to be prosecuted for various high crimes and treason under a Trump Administration. 
The country of Qatar happens to be one of a handful of countries that does not have an extradition treaty with the United States, thus would be a perfect place for her to run to in escaping justice. 
Donald Trump has said many times during his campaign and at the Presidential debates that once he gets into office he intends to prosecute her on various high crimes from her latest crimes of sending classified material via a personal e-mail server to gun-running to terrorist groups in Syria resulting in the deaths of 4 Americans in Benghazi. 
Apparently, Hillary is not the only person in Washington who has made plans to escape justice under a Trump Administration, John Kerry has quietly been selling his property in the US for millions of dollars of late, with an announcement of the sale of his $25 million Nantucket mansion in June 2016 as well as the sale of his yacht for $3.9 million in July 2016. 
President Barack H Obama has also apparently been making exit plans with his purchase of a $4.9 million seaside mansion in Dubai in January 2016, another non extradition country. 
Snopes and other supposed fact checking sites have debunked both the story of Obama’s purchase of the mansion and the firing of Rear Admiral Rick Williams, however over the last several months these sites have been busted for lying in trying to debunk such information as the before mentioned, when in fact the information is true. Snopes and other sites try their best to keep incriminating information from being believed, but the truth has a way of coming out on its own, as it always has. 
The Bush family has been quietly buying property as well with the purchase of 100,000 acres in Paraguay in 2006, yet another country good for the Bush family, since it does not allow extradition to any country if the death penalty is a possibility for the crime. If the corruption is found to go as far back as both of the Bush Administrations with any connections to them being the perpetrators of the events on 9-11, the death penalty would surely be a stipulation of any extradition request. Apparently, if things get going with prosecuting the corrupt and treasonous, the Bush’s plan on getting out of the country as well. 
Interestingly, the Bush family’s Nazi connections dating back to WWII seem to have played a part in the Paraguay purchase since most Nazis fled to South America after WWII. Since George H. W. Bush’s father Senator Prescott Bush was director and shareholder in companies that were connected with institutions financially backing the Nazis, the Bush family has a long history of being associated with Nazis. 
With the movement of huge amounts of funds, selling millions of dollars in real estate, and the purchase of millions in real estate overseas, we are seeing the plans of the corrupt in Washington who have been ripping of our country in the trillions, murdering US citizens in the thousands, and citizens in foreign countries by the millions since 9-11 finally realizing their crimes against humanity is about to be exposed. 
We are also witnessing the change from what amounts to nothing more than a Nazi Dictatorship in Washington to an actual Presidential Administration who not only will look to the Constitution as the basis of all laws, but one who is going to prosecute the criminals in our government and return it to being a government by the people, for the people, and of the people of the USA. Not the Dictatorship over the people, to the people and who disregards the people as we now have in power.",0
19740,Hurricane Donald and the Storms of Changing Climate,"Posted on November 10, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
John Feffer argued on Wednesday that Demagogue Donald, whose very existence will lead me to pretend I’m not from the U.S. the next time I’m in Europe, is part of a wider trend that’s already hit Europe hard: 
“The ugliness has been percolating in Europe for some time now. It wasn’t just Brexit, Britain’s unexpected rejection of the European Union. It was the election of militant populists throughout Eastern Europe — Viktor Orban in Hungary, Robert Fico in Slovakia, the party of Jaroslaw Kaczynski in Poland. It was the electoral surge of the National Front in France and the Alternative fur Deutschland in Germany. It was the backlash against immigrants, social welfare programs, and ‘lazy Mediterraneans’ — but also against bankers and Brussels bureaucrats.” 
I think the trend is even wider and deeper if the trend we’re talking about is that of making everything worse, of increasing inequality, of increasing militarism, of destroying the environment, of pushing profit over people. If that’s the trend, the bankers are its vanguard, not its victims, and it has saturated the international establishment almost as thoroughly as it has the rightwing sectarians. 
But the trend Feffer seems to have in mind is one of nationalism or ethnic identity or racism in opposition to global humanitarianism. Feffer’s new dystopian novel, Splinterlands , tells a future of shattered nations and international institutions, replaced with ever smaller and more disastrous warring city states. It’s a vision that should disturb us deeply, a vision of what this world could actually become if it gains nothing in wisdom, miraculously survives its nuclear weapons, and plows right ahead into climate chaos and total capitalist consumption. 
Feffer’s utopia seems to be a globe unified in peace. But his dystopia is not unlike that of an author like Ian Morris whose utopia is a globe unified by imperial war. The great threat on the horizon for both is balkanization or splintering. Feffer sees this brought on by bigotry, militarism, and environmental destruction. Morris sees the threat as, basically, un-Americanism. But where does barbaric tribalism stop and the promotion of more direct local democracy begin? Is bigger always better and smaller always worse? 
Feffer may not think so, because, in fact, a small utopia hidden in one corner of a sinking Titanic of an earth shows up in Splinterlands — something of a Luddite communal organic farm of a sort that essentially exists right now, a creation that cannot save us all or even itself unless expanded to a radically larger scale or duplicated innumerable times. The trick, then, may be to duplicate sustainable and just local living within a global system of nonviolent dispute resolution, cooperation, and fairness. 
Feffer says he thought a Trump figure wouldn’t arrive for four more years — though it’s interesting that a big role in his fictionalized future dismantling of the world is played by a hurricane named Donald. My question is whether Trump’s disastrous arrival might not in some ways be put to good use toward human survival. I’m thinking of a particular good use to which Hillary Clinton’s disastrous arrival would not have leant itself. That is to say, can we not now appeal to other nations to recognize that the presence of U.S. military troops on their soil represents their subservience to the odious Donald Trump, a figure hardly to be imagined as the mythical Barack Obama, man of peace? 
Can we encourage nonviolent resistance to U.S. militarism without encouraging a dive into a dystopian Splinterlands? Can the world refuse to participate in U.S. wars and U.S. weapons dealing while increasing its participation in cooperative non-military endeavors with the United States and the globe? Can U.S.-led war making, and the war making of other nations, come to be understood as the enemy of good globalism, not as the embodiment of UN humanitarian intervention in the affairs of those deemed less developed? 
The alternative to the world figuring out how to resist U.S. wars would seem to be the people of the United States shutting down its war machine from within, without the assistance of the other 96%. But how does that seem to be working out? This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink .",0
19741,"RIP, Vine",Trending ,0
19742,MMR Vaccines Cause 340% Increased Risk of Autism in African American Infants,". MMR Vaccines Cause 340% Increased Risk of Autism in African American Infants Vaccines do cause autism, and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has been lyi... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/mmr-vaccines-cause-340-increased-risk.html Vaccines do cause autism, and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has been lying about this fact for years, according to newly uncovered information. As it turns out, the CDC fudged some numbers in a 2003 study it conducted on the MMR vaccine that, if honestly reported, would have revealed   of autism among male African American infants.But the CDC instead shrunk down the sample size of this study to conceal any possible correlation between MMR and autism, in the end publishing what amounts to fraudulent data that has repeatedly be used as ""evidence"" that vaccines do not cause autism. To the contrary, there are major effects of the MMR vaccine that at least three CDC officials who supported the bogus study are now culpable for withholding from the public, possibly resulting in untold thousands of cases of autism .The Focus Autism Foundation (FAF), a nonprofit group committed to raising awareness about autism, broke the news after speaking with a CDC whistleblower who at first came forward in anonymity but has now been revealed as epidemiologist Dr. William Thompson. Dr. Thompson helped lead several studies, including the one in question, that were used by the CDC to conceal   autism.In an interview with the FAF's Dr. Brian Hooker, the father of a child with vaccine-induced autism, Dr. Thompson broke down the history of deception within the CDC dating back to the days of the Tuskegee experiment, which involved government officials withholding treatments from African American men with syphilis as part of a medical experiment.According to Dr. Thompson, a 2003 CDC paper on autism, which was published in the peer-reviewed journal Pediatrics the following year, intentionally obscured data showing that MMR significantly increases a child's risk of autism, particularly when administered before the age of three. And African American boys, he says, have the highest overall risk. ""It's the lowest point in my career, that I went along with that paper,"" confessed Dr. Thompson. ""I went along with this; we didn't report significant findings."" CDC has known since at least 2001 that age when MMR is given affects autism risk Dr. Thompson's bold confession is rocking the health world, a significant portion of which bought into the CDC lie that vaccines do not cause autism: case closed. In truth, the CDC has engaged in a massive fraud against the American people, and really the entire world, by falsely claiming that scientific data debunks the vaccine-autism connection, when it actually shows the exact opposite.It is what famed gastroenterologist Dr. Andrew Wakefield tried to tell the CDC and other government officials more than a decade ago, only to be slandered and falsely accused of fraud himself. But as he explains in a new film, top CDC officials had actually vindicated his original findings, only to eventually succumb to political pressures seeking to bury all evidence of a connection   ""Over a decade ago, Dr. Scott Montgomery and I put forward a hypothesis for MMR vaccine and autism,"" explains Dr. Wakefield in the film. ""The age that you receive the vaccine influences the risk. This makes sense. For some infections like measles, the age of infection changes the outcome. We shared this hypothesis with vaccine officials.... ""A group of senior vaccine safety people at the CDC studied it. It panned out. We were right."" ""By November 9, 2001, nearly 13 years ago, senior CDC scientists knew that younger age of exposure to MMR was associated with an increased risk of autism. In 2004 they published, but they hid the results."" Be sure to watch Dr. Wakefield's film here . By Jonathan Benson  ",0
19743,’Gunshots Behind the Statue of Liberty’: China Declares ’Human Rights Crisis’ in U.S. - Breitbart,"The Chinese government has published its   human rights report on the United States, condemning America for a variety of alleged “human rights violations” which include widespread gun ownership, “angry” voters in the 2016 elections, and “gunshots lingering in people’s ears behind the Statue of Liberty. ”[Multiple Chinese state media outlets, from the more measured Xinhua news service to the belligerent Global Times, published the   report titled, “The Human Rights Record of the United States in 2016. ” The report repeats many of the concerns of leftist agitators in the United States, emphasizing concerns about race relations and law enforcement while claiming widespread sexism and discrimination against Muslims.  The report does not compare America’s human rights record to that of China, a Communist country which forces women to have abortions as late as eight months into a pregnancy, conducts widespread espionage against its Muslim ethnic minorities (and has banned wearing burqas publicly in Western China) and regularly shuts down media outlets it does not directly control. Instead, the report  —   prepared by China’s Information Office of the State Council  —   condemns the United States for standing up for human rights internationally. “Wielding ‘the baton of human rights,’ it pointed fingers and cast blame on the human rights situation in many countries while paying no attention to its own terrible human rights problems,” the report reads. “With the gunshots lingering in people’s ears behind the Statue of Liberty, worsening racial discrimination and the election farce dominated by money politics, the   human rights defender has exposed its human rights ‘myth’ with its own deeds,” the report declares. The report blames “colonial history, enslavement, racial subordination and segregation, racial terrorism and racial inequality” for the supposedly deteriorating relationship between black and white people in America, while claiming that American “women frequently fell victims to sexual harassment and assault. ” “Muslims suffer increasingly serious discrimination,” the report continues. In accusing America of discriminating against its Muslim population, the Chinese expose themselves post to accusations of hypocrisy. The Uighur population of western China are majority Muslim and greatly inhibited in practicing their religion due to fears on the other side of the country that they are insufficiently loyal to Beijing. Most recently, China mandated that all cars in Xinjiang, its westernmost and most   province, install GPS tracking devices to allow the government full knowledge of where every car in the region is at any given time. China has previously forced Muslim shops to sell alcohol and cigarettes in the region as a way of diluting Islam in Xinjiang and forced Muslim Communist Party officials in the region to forego the Ramadan fast. Uighur Chinese nationals abroad have reported incidents of spying and coercion to prevent them from taking advantage of their freedom of expression in other countries to expose abuses against Muslim Uighurs in China. Nonetheless, the Chinese human rights report concluded America’s population was suffering oppression worth addressing more than their own nationals. The United States “exercised no effective control over guns, law enforcement departments abused their power, and crimes were not effectively contained,” Chinese officials claim, without mentioning that the right to bear arms is ensconced in the nation’s chief governing charter. The Chinese report also condemns the United States’ recent presidential election cycle, without noting that China is a Communist autocracy that does not allow for popular election of its leaders. “In 2016, money politics and    deals had controlled the presidential election, which was full of lies and farces,” the report reads. It goes on to claim the fact that voters were “angry” as a human rights abuse and condemn American media, who “published a lot of biased reports and commentaries during the 2016 election, fully demonstrating their failure in staying objective or impartial. ” The Information Office of the State Council concludes that America is “undergoing a ‘human rights crisis. ’” Beijing periodically releases human rights reports of this nature, weaponizing its critiques of the United States in an attempt to diminish Washington’s influence on international human rights norms. In 2014, the Chinese government went so far as to condemn the United States for broadcasting Jimmy Kimmel Live! a program the Chinese accused of “promoting racial hatred. ” Following the publication of the 2014 report, Chinese media released a report claiming “every aspect of society” in America was racially divided, citing riots in the city of Ferguson, Missouri.",0
19744,Airstrikes on Aleppo Resume as Russia Begins New Offensive in Syria - The New York Times,"BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Warplanes resumed airstrikes on the besieged   sections of Aleppo, Syria, on Tuesday, as Russia began a major new offensive against insurgents battling Syria’s president, Bashar  . Russia’s defense minister, Sergei K. Shoigu, said it had started “a big operation to deliver massive strikes” against the Islamic State and the Levant Victory Front, formerly known as the Nusra Front, in Idlib and Homs Provinces. Jets taking off from Russia’s aircraft carrier, the Admiral Kuznetsov, conducted their first strikes on Syria, the Russian military said, noting that its forces were hitting targets in the two provinces. It was unclear whether the strikes on Aleppo were by Russian or Syrian government warplanes. The fighting shattered the relative calm that had prevailed in the   eastern parts of Aleppo for about three weeks. “Our house is being shaken,” Modar Sheikho, a nurse and antigovernment activist in   Aleppo, said in a text message. “The warplane is still in the sky. ” He shared an audio recording with the roar of a plane and the sound of explosions. Residents reported airstrikes on at least five Aleppo neighborhoods. The extent of the casualties was unclear, but they appeared to include at least three civilians, including a woman, who were killed in the neighborhood of Masaken Hanano, and 10 others who were wounded. There were conflicting reports about whether the attack had consisted of barrel bombs, which are usually dropped from helicopters, or an assault by fighter jets. “Since this morning, until now, dozens of shells and rockets have bombed Aleppo,” Mohammad   a resident of eastern Aleppo, said in a text message, adding that he believed the planes were Russian fighter jets. Mr. Shoigu, at a meeting in Sochi, Russia, with President Vladimir V. Putin, said that a Russian warship, the Admiral Grigorovich, was taking part in this operation, launching cruise missiles against insurgent targets. “For the first time in the history of Russian Navy, the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier took part in combat, too,” he said. “Today, our   fighter jets began to work from this warship. ” Mr. Shoigu also briefed Mr. Putin on what he called the use of chemical weapons by the insurgents. The Russian military said that chemical weapons used by insurgents had caused three deaths of Syrian soldiers, and the hospitalization of dozens of soldiers. On Monday, a Russian fighter jet crashed off the Syrian coast as it tried to return to the Admiral Kuznetsov. The pilot ejected safely, and the Russian Defense Ministry blamed a technical failure. The fighting broke out a day after Mr. Putin spoke to   Donald J. Trump and agreed to cooperate on fighting “international terrorism and extremism,” according to a Kremlin statement. That declaration echoed Mr. Trump’s recent comments that he would try to work with Moscow and with Mr. Assad to fight against the Islamic State, also known as ISIS, ISIL or Daesh. Mr. Trump’s comments concerning Syria also received a favorable reaction on Tuesday from the United Nations special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. “What he’s been saying is quite interesting,” Mr. de Mistura said, speaking on the BBC’s “Hardtalk” program. “The focus, the priority, is Daesh, fighting terrorism. Second to do, if possible, a deal with Russia. Both points make a lot of sense. ” The diplomat said he had yet to speak directly to Mr. Trump or his associates. He also emphasized that in his view, the Syria conflict still required “a completely new approach to what is a political solution. ” The Syrian government has tended to call all its opponents terrorists, and Russia makes little distinction among the different groups fighting Mr. Assad. A constant sticking point has been that some of the rebels that the United States has supported have made battlefield alliances with   groups considered terrorists by Moscow and Washington alike. Mr. de Mistura has estimated that perhaps a few hundred of the 10, 000 or so fighters inside besieged eastern Aleppo are affiliated with Al Qaeda rebels say that number is lower and the government says it is higher. The Obama administration has said that fighting the Islamic State is the priority of the United States, not toppling Mr. Assad  —   though that is another stated American aim. Under Mr. Obama, the United States government has continued to support some rebel groups that Washington deems not to be extremist, and it has shunned direct cooperation with Moscow and Damascus, contending that their campaign in Syria has been focused less on defeating extremists and more on battling opposition groups fighting Mr. Assad. The Obama administration has also condemned what it says is indiscriminate bombing by the Syrian government and its Russian allies. A change in American policy under Mr. Trump, who is to take office in January, could involve a shift toward direct cooperation with Mr. Assad and with Russia against the Islamic State.",0
19745,Senior ISIS Strategist and Spokesman Is Reported Killed in Syria - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The senior Islamic State strategist Abu Muhammad   was killed in northern Syria, the group announced on Tuesday, signaling the death of one of the world’s   terrorists. In Washington, the Pentagon spokesman, Peter Cook, confirmed that an American “precision strike” near Al Bab, Syria, on Tuesday night had targeted Mr. Adnani, but could not confirm his death. “We are still assessing the results of the strike,” he said in a statement. Two American officials, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence, said a United States military drone had hit a vehicle Mr. Adnani was thought to be traveling in, following a close collaboration between the Central Intelligence Agency and Special Operations forces to track him. A founding member of the Islamic State, Mr. Adnani, a    Syrian, was the group’s chief spokesman and propagandist, running an operation that put out slickly produced videos of beheadings and massacres that shocked the world and sent a rush of recruits running to join the group in Syria. Accounts from arrested members of the Islamic State confirmed Mr. Adnani’s role as an operational leader as well. He oversaw the group’s external operations division, responsible for recruiting operatives around the world and instigating or organizing them to carry out attacks that have included Paris, Brussels and Dhaka, Bangladesh. In the context of recent territorial losses in Syria and Iraq by the Islamic State, Mr. Adnani’s death would be another in a series of serious setbacks. But even as the United States has focused much of its counterterrorism operations on targeted strikes against terrorist leaders, analysts say the jury is still out on whether such strikes have been truly effective at curbing groups as a whole. The Islamic State, in particular, has seemed built around the premise of maximum flexibility in the face of attacks. “In isolation, Adnani’s death represents the demise of an important strategic and operational leader of the Islamic State  —   though only one person,” said Seth G. Jones, a terrorism specialist at the RAND Corporation. “Adnani is likely replaceable, and the Islamic State will replace him as they have with other operatives that have been killed. ” In an official statement, the Islamic State said Mr. Adnani had been killed while checking up on the group’s military operations in Aleppo Province. In the northern part of that province, near the Turkish border, the Islamic State is currently under attack by a long list of antagonists. It is facing airstrikes from Turkey, the United States and Russia. And it is under attack on the ground from several directions, by Syrian rebels backed by the United States and Turkey and by   militias that are also backed by the United States. Mr. Adnani was prominent enough that he was frequently the subject of speculative reports about death and injury, including in January, when Iraqi officials announced that he had been critically injured in a strike in the Iraqi province of Anbar. That report was soon proved false. But analysts said it would be highly unlikely for the Islamic State to put out false information about the death of a leader of Mr. Adnani’s significance through its official channels. His death would be a   within the group’s most senior ranks. Mr. Adnani has been in sights of American military and counterterrorism forces for more than two years, and the State Department put a $5 million bounty on him. Intelligence officials in the United States and Europe, as well as arrested members of the group, say that the Islamic State’s external operations unit is a distinct body inside the group, with its    structure answering to Mr. Adnani, who in turn reports only to Abu Bakr   the   caliph of the Islamic State. Mr. Adnani was being groomed to succeed Mr. Baghdadi, analysts said. The Islamic State regularly carries out attacks on civilians and security forces in Iraq and Syria, where it still holds territory. But Mr. Adnani’s unit has focused on attacks abroad. It identifies recruits, provides training, hands out cash and arranges for the delivery of weapons. Although the unit’s main focus has been Europe, external attacks directed by ISIS or those acting in its name have been even more deadly elsewhere. At least 650 people have been killed in the group’s attacks on sites popular with Westerners, including in Turkey, Egypt and Tunisia, according to a New York Times analysis conducted this year. Even as the group has lost much of its territory and operatives from its   mark in 2014 and 2015, the kinds of attacks abroad that Mr. Adnani’s division oversees have continued. In May, Mr. Adnani declared: “Do you think, America, that defeat is by the loss of towns or territory? Were we defeated when we lost the cities in Iraq and retreated to the desert without a city or a land?” He offered an answer: “No, true defeat is losing the will and desire to fight. ” A vital part of the group’s strategy has been to inspire, and in some cases direct, opportunistic attacks against Western interests. In September 2014, Mr. Adnani made an explicit call to Muslims in the West to strike out wherever and however they could. “We will strike you in your homeland,” he warned foreign governments, calling on Muslims to kill Europeans, “especially the spiteful and filthy French. ” And he urged them to do it in any manner they could: “Smash his head with a rock, or slaughter him with a knife, or run him over with your car,” he said, according to a translation provided by the SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors extremist propaganda. In the year after that speech, at least two dozen plots linked to the Islamic State were documented. In some, there were no direct operational ties back to Syria, but there were clear signs that the attacker had, at the least, consumed the group’s propaganda online. “During the past decade, when it comes to both orchestrating and inciting violence in the West, no other leadership figures in jihadist groups have proven as dedicated or effective as ” said Michael S. Smith II of Kronos Advisory, a terrorism research and analysis firm, who is writing a book on the Islamic State’s external operations. His blended roles of spokesman and terrorism director is a reflection of the Islamic State’s central strategy: So much of the group’s impact and innovation in the world of violent Islamist extremism came from its new brand of messaging  —   mixing social media reach and savvy with   presentations of its worst atrocities. That in turn gave the group an ability to franchise its terror and expand its reach farther than its military capacity would otherwise go. Mr. Adnani’s real name was Taha Sobhi Falaha, and he was born in the town of Binnish in the northern Syrian province of Idlib. One Binnish resident, Muhammad Najdat Haj Kadour, whose mother was a distant relative of Mr. Adnani, said the family was “super poor. ” Mr. Adnani’s brothers had worked in the orchards of Mr. Kadour’s   grandfather, “watering the olive trees. ” Mr. Adnani was one of the few surviving, still active, founders of the ISIS precursor organization, Al Qaeda in Iraq. That group grew out of the armed Iraqi resistance to American occupation and forged an affiliation with Al Qaeda under Abu Musab  . Back then, the Syrian government was accused of facilitating the flow of foreign fighters, Syrians and others, to Iraq to fight the Americans. Mr. Adnani was among the first foreign volunteers to fight in Iraq. Mr. Adnani had already been arrested twice by the Syrian government when he went to fight in Iraq, according to Mr. Kadour, who is now a Syrian antigovernment activist who opposes the Islamic State. There, Mr. Adnani is believed to have helped found Al Qaeda in Iraq, and to have spent time in the American prison at Camp Bucca  —   a site now seen as the crucible of the Islamic State’s future leadership. Sometime in the first year or so after the Syrian uprising began against President Bashar   in 2011, Mr. Kadour and several other Binnish residents recalled, Mr. Adnani reappeared in town. Mr. Adnani and other members of Al Qaeda in Iraq, especially those with Syrian roots, were arriving in Syria to try to infiltrate the Syrian opposition. They eventually formed the Nusra Front, Al Qaeda’s branch in Syria. Later, the Islamic State split off from Al Qaeda and established itself as a separate group bent on declaring its   caliphate. As it set about literal statebuilding work  —   making street signs telling drivers they were entering the Islamic State, and issuing tickets and tax bills in the northeastern province of Raqqa  —   Mr. Adnani worked to build a virtual state, to publicize the group’s cause as a kind of viral phenomenon. The videos and publications he oversaw were a great success in driving recruitment, and in opening the door to attacks outside of Syria and Iraq. In that capacity, the virtual state he presided over may well outlive the physical one.",0
19746,Rudolph Giuliani Lashes Out at Black Lives Matter - The New York Times,"Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York, lashed out against the Black Lives Matter movement on Sunday, accusing it of ignoring    crime, inspiring violence against the police and promoting racism. “When you say black lives matter, that’s inherently racist,” Mr. Giuliani said in an appearance on CBS’s “Face the Nation. ” “Black lives matter. White lives matter. Asian lives matter. Hispanic lives matter. That’s   and it’s racist. ” His comments came as the country grappled with pain, confusion and anger after last week’s two fatal shootings of   men by the police and the killing of five police officers in Dallas, the deadliest assault on American law enforcement since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. As members of the Black Lives Matter movement and other concerned citizens pushed forward on Sunday with protests over police shootings, politicians, law enforcement officials and   leaders took to the airwaves, most of them with messages of hope, unity and understanding. Mr. Giuliani, a longtime promoter of aggressive policing, struck a different chord, saying the Black Lives Matter movement had targeted police officers. “They sing rap songs about killing police officers, and they talk about killing police officers, and they yell it out at their rallies and the police officers hear it,” he said. Mr. Giuliani said the movement unfairly focused on killings at the hands of the police when it should be focusing on murders committed by civilians in black neighborhoods. “When there are 60 shootings in Chicago over the Fourth of July and 14 murders, and Black Lives Matter is nonexistent,” he said, “and then there’s one police murder of very questionable circumstances and we hear from Black Lives Matter, we wonder: Do black lives matter, or only the very few black lives that are killed by white policemen?” Terrence Cunningham, the president of the International Association of Chiefs of Police, who appeared on the same show, was quick to dismiss Mr. Giuliani’s comments. “I wouldn’t make that connection,” he said. “I wouldn’t say that it’s Black Lives Matter that put a target on those police officers,” Mr. Cunningham continued, adding, “Unfortunately, I think, you know, people have really polarized this issue. If we really want to work towards solutions, we need to work together. ” Sherrilyn Ifill, the president of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, who also appeared on the show, suggested that Mr. Giuliani was partly to blame for the rift. “He actually presided over one of the most discredited areas and periods of policing in the City of New York,” she said, “which is, in fact, responsible for a lot of the tension that exists between police officers and people in   communities. ” They were not the only ones to point fingers. In an appearance on ABC’s “This Week,” retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, who is considered a potential running mate for Donald J. Trump, criticized Hillary Clinton for saying on Friday that white people needed to start listening to “legitimate cries” from  . Mr. Flynn said that Mrs. Clinton was “totally irresponsible when she talked about white people being to blame. ” William J. Bratton, the New York police commissioner, who appeared on Sunday on multiple shows, was among the many who emphasized unity. “This is a shared responsibility, trying to bridge these differences that are becoming quite evident through many of these videos,” Mr. Bratton said on ABC’s “This Week. ” “We have come a long way we have come a very long way. And I can speak for New York, but quite clearly events this past week show we have really almost just begun the journey. ” Separately on Sunday, as Mr. Trump has faced skepticism from some Republicans over his stances on abortion and other social issues, General Flynn, a Democrat, indicated a willingness to break from his party affiliation. During his appearance on “This Week,” he voiced support for abortion rights and brushed aside the issue of   marriage on the grounds that it was less important than matters like education and immigration.",0
19748,Even If Elected A Majority of French Wouldn’t Support Macron,"Current polls show a potential victory for Emmanuel Macron, but a new opinion poll shows his approval rating would be less than 50 per cent even if he wins Sunday. [The news opinion poll conducted by KANTAR   reveals that only 41 per cent of the French people have confidence in the globalist candidate. Even more revealing is that he is not even the most popular as he lags behind   former presidential candidate   Mélenchon who polls at 44 per cent approval, Le Figaro reports.  Macron’s numbers have stagnated at the 41 per cent mark whilst his rival,   migration candidate Marine Le Pen, stands at 29 per cent, but is on the rise. The figures also differ depending on which age group and income bracket are looked at. For retirees and wealthy business elites, Macron is more popular. For the unemployed and working class voters, Ms. Le Pen is much more popular. Last week, the contrast between the two candidates on the issue of the working class vote was made clear when both visited a Whirlpool factory in Macron’s hometown of Amiens which faces closure. Le Pen made a surprise visit to the factory where workers cheered her. When Macron arrived hours later, he was heckled and booed as he tried to explain how globalisation, which was taking their jobs to Poland, was an “opportunity” for them. In cities like Calais in the north of France, Le Pen also has resounding support amongst working class men and women who have found traditional industries gutted by globalisation and French labour laws. The actual support for Macron and his policies could be far lower than 41 per cent according to a survey by   Steria. The polling firms say that a large section of the voters who support Macron are only doing so because they want to oppose Ms. Le Pen rather than believe in the message of the globalist candidate. According to the survey, his true support amongst the French people is only around 20 per cent. Macron is currently projected to win the election on Sunday 60 per cent to 40 per cent. The 20 per cent figure is a significantly low level of confidence in a potential future president of France, though still above the historically low approval ratings of current President François Hollande who polls in the single digits. Le Pen has called Macron the “heir” to Hollande due to his lack of tough policies in dealing with terrorism and his   globalist economic position. If Macron’s polling numbers continue to slide, he could be the heir to Hollande’s unpopular polling numbers, as well. Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart. com ",0
19749,“Executive Orders for Sale”: Leaked Email Shows Hillary Auctioning Off ‘Laws’ To The Highest Bidder,"Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » “Executive Orders for Sale”: Leaked Email Shows Hillary Auctioning Off ‘Laws’ To The Highest Bidder 
A new revelation buried in the Wikileaks trove of emails shows discussion of executive orders in relation to an “idea” a wealthy donor has. Corruption doesn’t even begin to cover it if wealthy donors – and even foreign powers – can just write checks, contribute to the Clinton Foundation, etc. – and just buy a law in return… 

by Melissa Dykes, The Daily Sheeple via SHTFPlan : 
Editor’s Comment: Unaccountable power multiplies, but this is astounding. This is a very good example of the reasons that the founders sought to limit and check power. But of course, over the years, those protections have been whittled down, and the loopholes are big enough drive tanks through. Corruption doesn’t even begin to cover it if wealthy donors – and even foreign powers – can just write checks, contribute to the Clinton Foundation, etc. – and just buy a law in return. 
Why is no one standing up to this tyranny? Critics have taken George W. Bush and Barack Obama to task for abusing their power to write executive orders – and legislate with a pen when they have no constitutional power to make law at all. But Hillary, before she even takes power, is already leaving these two in the dust. So everyone is just going to take it, along with the ‘first female’ t-shirts they will be sending out as promos in the mail? 
As MLK famously wrote from his Birmingham jail cell: “At first glance it may seem rather paradoxical for us consciously to break laws. One may well ask: “How can you advocate breaking some laws and obeying others?” The answer lies in the fact that there are two types of laws: just and unjust. I would be the first to advocate obeying just laws. One has not only a legal but a moral responsibility to obey just laws. Conversely, one has a moral responsibility to disobey unjust laws. I would agree with St. Augustine that “an unjust law is no law at all.” 
Executive Orders for Sale? Leaked Email Shows Hillary Camp Answering Wealthy Donor’s Questions about How Executive Orders Work 
by Melissa Dykes 
If you already thought the Executive Order system falls somewhere between problematic and completely unconstitutional, this takes it to a whole new, never before seen level of corruption. 
Thanks to all the leaks, America now knows our government is essentially one giant pay-for-play operation. That’s how it works. That’s how the DNC works. That’s how the Clinton Foundation works. 
But how far does that go? 
How about bypassing Congress entirely with money in the most literal sense possible. 
This leaked email chain hints at something that kind of makes votes and lobbyists and, well, all of it rather pointless. 
If someone’s wealthy enough, can they straight up buy an executive order? 
These days, the president uses Executive Orders to bypass Congress, even though there is no constitutional provision that explicitly permits the use of executive orders. It’s a system that’s been heavily abused in the past but now, apparently, it’s for sale . 
A new revelation buried in the Wikileaks trove of tens of thousands of Hillary campaign chairman John Podesta’s emails shows him discussing executive orders in relation to an “idea” a wealthy donor has. 
In a leaked email thread between Podesta and Mary Pat Bonner, a “donor adviser” who gets millions for her elite connections in bringing in donors and for being what The New York Times describes as a “master of making donors happy,” it’s all but admitted that Executive Orders are another pay-for-play item on the corrupt American political menu. 
Read this from the bottom up: 
(click to enlarge) 
In an email with the subject line, “Is there someone in your shop,” Bonner writes, “Who totally understands ‘executive orders’. It is to answer a very big donors questions.” 
Podesta responds with simply, “Me.” 
Bonner: “It is for Michael King.” 
Podesta: “What does he need?” 
Bonner: “He has an idea and just need answer [sic] to a bunch of easy questions about how this works.” 
Oh goody. Mega wealthy donor Michael King has an “idea” about executive orders… 
The Michael King they are likely referencing is rich TV mogul Michael King, the exec who inherited King World Productions later acquired by CBS. To give you an idea, King World Productions launched Harpo’s The Oprah Winfrey Show and Dr. Phil’s talk show. 
Back in 2012, Bill Clinton teamed up with King on a pricey fundraiser for President Obama at King’s Pacific Palisades estate where tickets ranged from general seating starting at $1,000 and went all the way up to $40,000 premium seats with meet-and-greets. 
While on the campaign trail over a year out from the election, Hillary Clinton has already vowed she will use Executive Orders to pass gun control regulations, for example. 
Based on this email thread, you have to wonder what other EOs Hillary plans to pass as president… and whose “idea” they are. 
And how much that idea cost. This entry was posted in World News . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation",0
19750,Who I'm Voting For...,× Log In We recommend using Facebook so we can connect you with your existing friends on Films For Action. We will never post anything without your permission. Log in with Facebook,0
19751,Serbian president: EU’s membership conditions ‘humiliating’,"October 26, 2016 Serbian president: EU’s membership conditions ‘humiliating’ 
Serbia’s president has accused the European Union of setting “humiliating” conditions for the Balkan country’s membership. 

Tomislav Nikolic told visiting Slovenian Prime Minister Miro Cerar that Serbia would move to adopt the EU’s fundamental principles and values even though the 28-nation bloc is in crisis. 

Nikolic did not say which EU conditions he finds humiliating, but may have been referring to demands from some members for Serbia to recognize the breakaway former province of Kosovo as an independent country. 

Serbia, a traditional ally of Russia, wants to join the EU, but has been under intense pressure from the Kremlin to reconsider. 

Moscow has backed Serbia in its dispute with the West over Kosovo, which declared independence from Serbia in 2008. Belgrade has refused to accept Kosovo’s as a separate republic.",0
19752,The Orlando Shooter’s 911 Calls Were Finally Released — and They’re Very Telling,"
By Alice Salles
In June, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) released a heavily redacted snippet of the transcript of Omar Mateen’s calls with the 911 dispatchers and police. Mateen, the murderer behind the brutal June killing of 49 nightclub goers in Orlando, Florida, had called 911 amid the massacre, and negotiators then called the killer several times throughout the evening.
At the time of the transcript’s release, the public denounced the FBI and the Department of Justice (DOJ) for censoring the Orlando shooter’s pledge of allegiance to the Islamic State (ISIS). Claiming the omission was meant to ensure would-be terrorists wouldn’t have a “publicity platform,” officials added the transcripts had distracted the public from “ the hard work that the FBI and our law enforcement partners have been doing to investigate this heinous crime .”
But when the FBI released the full transcripts in September, the documents offered us a closer look into the motives behind Mateen’s actions, which had also been confirmed by one of the hostages. Unfortunately, few pundits dared to bring that information up on primetime television.
Now that the full audio recordings of the calls between the shooter and 911 dispatchers have been made public , Mateen’s comments regarding U.S. military interventions abroad are being brought up again.
The audio recordings were released following an order from Circuit Judge Margaret Schreiber. Orlando city attorney Darryl Bloodworth recently promised the city would no longer keep the tapes under wraps, which prompted the judge’s order. The city had been the number one obstacle between journalists and the tapes, claiming their release would “ be a violation of a Florida law that makes photographs, videos or audio recordings showing ‘the killing of a person’ exempt from disclosure, available only to family members .”
In one of the released calls, Mateen can be heard insisting the police negotiator tell “ the US government to stop bombing,” and when the negotiator asks Mateen to tell him where he is, he answers , “ No, because you have to tell America to stop bombing Syria and Iraq .”
The U.S. government, Mateen continues , “ [is] killing too many children, they are killing too many women, OK? … So what am I to do here, when my people are getting killed over there? You get what I’m saying? ” When asked about “what is going on tonight,” Mateen adds :
“ What’s going on is that I feel the pain of the people getting killed in Syria and Iraq and all over the Muslim [unidentified word] .”
As Mateen is pressed to give the negotiator more information, he becomes more hostile and hangs up repeatedly. Asked for his name, Mateen responds with the following:
“ You’re speaking with the person who pledged his allegiance to the Islamic State, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. ”
At one point during the conversation, Mateen asks the negotiator to call him “ Mujahedeen, call me the Soldier of God. ”
While several calls were made, Mateen resisted giving the negotiator any further information, repeatedly referring to the U.S. bombings of Iraq and Syria and even going as far as to accuse the United States of collaborating with Russia, “ and … killing innocent women and children .”




On June 12, 5 a.m., Orlando police and Orange County deputies entered Pulse nightclub and killed Mateen in a shootout . The audio released by the city is one of over 200 other phone calls made to 911 during the shooting. These recordings remain under review by Judge Schreiber, TC Palm reported . Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Anti-Media of theantimedia.org . 
The “Anti” in our name does not mean we are against the media, we are simply against the current mainstream paradigm. The current media, influenced by the industrial complex, is a top-down authoritarian system of distribution—the opposite of what Anti-Media aims to be. At Anti-Media, we want to offer a new paradigm—a bottom-up approach for real and diverse reporting. We seek to establish a space where the people are the journalists and a venue where independent journalism moves forward on a larger and more truthful scale. ",0
19753,"To Understand Clinton’s Moment, Consider That It Came 32 Years After Ferraro’s - The New York Times","The scenes blend like images from a kaleidoscope. A woman, blond, jubilant in a white dress, shown magnified on a convention center screen in San Francisco. It is Geraldine A. Ferraro in 1984 accepting the Democratic nomination that made her the first woman in the nation to be tapped by a major party to run for vice president. Turn the lens. A woman, blond, in a white tunic, smiling, arms thrown wide at a rally in Brooklyn this past week. It is Hillary Clinton claiming the Democratic nomination, the first woman to become the presidential   for a major party. There are those who now say that a woman running for president was inevitable, that the 18 million cracks in the glass ceiling that Mrs. Clinton talks about are just time moving on. There are the sighs that Mrs. Clinton is the wrong woman, the unexciting woman, the compromising woman. And there are those who say they could never vote for a Democrat, particularly this one. But it took 32 years to get from one scene to the other, so a look back to the Ferraro campaign can tell a lot about how the country has changed, and how it has not, through these decades of cultural ferment over the roles of the sexes. It may be hard to remember how few women there were in public life when Ms. Ferraro told cheering Democrats, “If we can do this, we can do anything. ” The Democrats had no female senators. (The Republicans had two.) There was only one female governor  —   Martha Layne Collins of Kentucky, a Democrat. Dianne Feinstein was still the mayor of San Francisco, yet to start her long Senate career. Representative Shirley Chisholm of New York, who unsuccessfully sought the Democratic nomination in 1972, had already retired. Women have since become the majority in college, and women in both parties have made a steady march forward in politics. Some are senators and governors and three have been secretary of state, all making the idea of a woman at the helm of the nation seem far less revolutionary. Ms. Ferraro was quizzed relentlessly about arms control and about whether she could even be credible as the commander in chief should she have to step up and be president. Could a woman be trusted with the nuclear button? But with her background as secretary of state, Mrs. Clinton is not questioned about her toughness. Instead, the left asks whether she might be too quick to seek military intervention and the right critiques her judgment. She is the one now asking whether Donald J. Trump’s finger should be anywhere near the nuclear button. In other ways, things have changed less. As Mrs. Clinton, Sarah Palin and Carly Fiorina can attest, female candidates are still examined not only for competence, character and policy priorities, but for the way they look, the tone of their voice and the state of their marriages. For Ms. Ferraro it was the tangled financial dealings of her husband, John Zaccaro, his subsidy of her first congressional campaign, and her back and forth on whether she would release his tax returns, which she tried to brush off with the damaging quip, “You people who are married to Italian men, you know what it’s like. ” Now Mr. Trump promises to keep the Clinton marriage, and the former president’s infamous infidelities, in the spotlight. Mrs. Clinton time and again had to help save her husband’s candidacy and presidency, tarnishing her feminist credentials for some. (“I’m not sitting here  —   some little woman standing by my man like Tammy Wynette,” she said way back in 1992, when his run for president nearly foundered. “I’m sitting here because I love him, and I respect him, and I honor what he’s been through and what we’ve been through together. ”) And then there is the press corps. Politico recently wrote of the current crop of Clinton reporters, “No one can remember a political press corps this heavily female. ” I can. It was the Ferraro press corps, and I was part of it. I was dispatched to the campaign  —   like women from most major networks and publications  —   because editors sought women to capture the history of one of their own at a time when we were breaking into the ranks of the campaign press. Perhaps, we occasionally suspected, some of them also thought it would be beneath a man to ride that campaign plane. As a reporter for Newsday, I watched the euphoric, rapturous crowds, mostly women and girls who showed up with “To Gerry with Love” signs, even in the campaign’s last days, when it was going down to a decisive defeat to President Reagan and George Bush. Some campaign bands could make you wince, playing “Five Foot Two, Eyes of Blue” or “Hello, Dolly!” There were the strange male missteps: the mayor of Los Angeles saying he wanted “a vice president I can hug,” the Mississippi official who called Ms. Ferraro “young lady” and asked whether she could bake a blueberry muffin. The grim drumbeat about her husband’s finances, his real estate dealings and his tax returns. There was the constant watch for weakness  —   would the woman cry? It is easy to forget those moments these days, when women in power don’t seem so unusual. If you have a long memory you have watched other women on the national stage, too. Representative Patricia Schroeder explored a Democratic race in 1987, after Gary Hart stood down. Senator Elizabeth Dole dropped out of the Republican presidential race in October 1999 before any of the primaries. Former Senator Carol Moseley Braun ran in the Democratic primaries in 2004. Governor Palin of Alaska became the first Republican woman nominated for the vice presidency in 2008  —   24 years after Ms. Ferraro. And we have been watching Mrs. Clinton for so long, through so many iterations, that it can feel like we know everything about her. But in the 1980s the quest to put a woman in the White House started as a cause without a candidate. It was driven by women’s groups and by the numbers. The notion of a gender gap was being talked about by both parties. Suddenly it was significant that more women than men registered to vote and that women seemed more likely to vote. The Equal Rights Amendment had collapsed, failing to win the required ratification of   of the states. Politically active women in the feminist movement, including Bella Abzug and Gloria Steinem, wrote a manifesto to the Democratic candidates for president in 1983 warning them to agree on an agenda for issues affecting women or face the possibility of women staying home on Election Day: “We will not hold still to be treated as an afterthought, a side issue, or a powerless constituency that can be betrayed without consequences. ” By 1984, they were fighting to get a woman on the ticket. When Walter F. Mondale selected Ms. Ferraro as his running mate, she was a   congresswoman from Queens. She came from New York, which had unexpectedly swung to Ronald Reagan in his 1980 landslide. Speaker Thomas P. O’Neill Jr. was a mentor and proponent. She was pretty, married, 48 years old and traditional enough that party leaders thought she could excite women but might not alienate male voters. “What is different,” says Ann Lewis, a longtime Democratic activist, “is that Hillary Clinton in the last   years has achieved national stature in ways that too few women have. Gerry Ferraro is nominated in 1984 and she is almost unknown. It isn’t until 1986 that Barbara Mikulski becomes the first Democratic woman who makes it to the Senate in her own right. ” The mood at that convention was electric. But the choreography around this first woman could also be tortured. How should Mr. Mondale and Ms. Ferraro share the stage? Could they touch? They shouldn’t hug. Who should hold her pocketbook when she spoke? “It sounds so strange now, but everything was being done for the first time,” Ms. Lewis said. “We had until then lots of images of women and men on stage together, but they were married. All the stage craft we had taken for granted had to be looked at very carefully. ” Madeleine K. Albright was Ms. Ferraro’s issues adviser, briefing the candidate on foreign policy and preparing her for her race against Mr. Bush, years before Ms. Albright became the nation’s first female secretary of state in the Clinton administration. She remembers some of the jarring juxtapositions of that candidacy. “There was the business about what she had on and what her hair looked like,” she recalls. “On the other side was her being asked questions about throw weights and nuclear capabilities that they weren’t asking Bush. ” On “Meet the Press,” Ms. Ferraro was once asked, “Do you think that in any way the Soviets might be tempted to try to take advantage of you simply because you are a woman?” By November, the disclosures about Ms. Ferraro’s husband’s businesses had damaged a campaign that was already an uphill battle. Though women and girls showed up at her rallies to the end, TV network polls showed that she may have cost the Democratic ticket more than she gained for it. Looking back, was the scrutiny of Ms. Ferraro, who died in 2011, fair game or driven by discomfort with the idea of a woman as vice president? Ms. Ferraro’s campaign manager, John Sasso, calls it some of both. “Experience matters,” he said, noting that because Mrs. Clinton has the deep résumé that Ms. Ferraro lacked, she will run and face a very different campaign. This time, of course, the first woman is at the top of the ticket, calling all the shots. “She’s been on the front lines of this process for a very long time,” said Lissa Muscatine, a friend and former speechwriter to Mrs. Clinton. “She’s been the vessel for lots of women’s hopes on the one hand, but also has had to take the brunt from people who aren’t ready for it. ” Mrs. Clinton’s detractors look dimly on appeals to support her as a pathbreaker. “I’m not a huge fan of identity politics and this is sort of the apotheosis of identity politics,” said Danielle Pletka, senior vice president for foreign and defense policy studies at the conservative American Enterprise Institute. “Basically, to me Hillary Clinton is saying: ‘I wasn’t good enough to get here on my own. Forget that people voted for me on the merits, they voted for me because I was a woman.’ How demeaning is that?” On Friday, Ms. Fiorina, who ran for the Republican presidential nomination this year, told a crowd, “Hillary Clinton, news flash. I’m a feminist and I’m not voting for you. ” Maybe Hillary Clinton is right  —   that she has become our national Rorschach test. Do you admire her perseverance? Dislike her compromises? Seek more passion? Question her honesty? Ponder her marriage? Love her policies? Hate her policies? Debate whether she is a feminist? Debate whether it matters? For one night last week, it was hard to deny her words that “tonight caps an amazing journey  —   a long, long journey. ”",0
19754,One Robber’s 3 Life Sentences: ’90s Legacy Fills Prisons Today - The New York Times,"BURKEVILLE, Va.  —   Lenny Singleton is the first to admit that he deserved an extended stay behind bars. To fuel his crack habit back in 1995, he walked into 13 stores over eight days and either distracted a clerk or pretended to have a concealed gun before stealing from the cash register. One time, he was armed with a knife with a   blade that he had brought from his kitchen. Mr. Singleton, 28 at the time, was charged with robbery and accepted a plea deal, fully expecting to receive a long jail sentence. But a confluence of factors worked against him, including the particularly   judge who sentenced him and the   ethos of the time against users of crack cocaine. His sentence was very long: two life sentences. And another 100 years. And no possibility for parole. There is a growing consensus that the criminal justice system has incarcerated too many Americans for too many years, with liberals and conservatives alike denouncing the economic and social costs of holding 2. 2 million people in the nation’s prisons and jails. And Congress is currently debating a criminal justice  bill that, among other provisions, would reduce mandatory minimum sentences for nonviolent offenders. But a divide has opened within the reform movement over how to address prisoners who have been convicted of violent crimes, including people like Mr. Singleton, who threatened shop owners but did not harm anyone. Groups like the American Civil Liberties Union favor a swift 50 percent reduction in prison populations, while conservative prison reform organizations like Right on Crime prioritize the release of nonviolent offenders and worry that releasing others could backfire and reduce public support. Nonviolent drug offenders make up only about 17 percent of all state prison inmates around the nation, while violent offenders make up more than 50 percent, according to federal data. As the prison population has increased sharply over the past 30 years, so too has the number of those sentenced to life. Mr. Singleton is among nearly 160, 000 prisoners serving life sentences  —   roughly the population of Eugene, Ore. The number of such inmates has more than quadrupled since 1984, and now about one in nine prison inmates is serving a life term, federal data shows. “People are celebrating the stabilization of the prison population in recent years, but the scale of mass incarceration is so substantial that meaningful reduction is not going to happen by tinkering around the edges,” said Marc Mauer, the executive director of the Sentencing Project, a   nonprofit that advocates changes in sentencing policy. The United States, which has about 4. 4 percent of the world’s population, holds 22 percent of its prisoners, according to the International Centre for Prison Studies, a research organization based in England. Mr. Singleton’s prison term, which makes it likely that he will die behind bars, attracted little attention in 1996. It was common then for judges in Virginia and the rest of the country to impose long prison terms for   crimes. Still, even   prosecutors who were active during that period say Mr. Singleton’s sentence seemed unduly harsh for crimes in which no one was hurt. “Crack cocaine scared the hell out of a lot of people,” said William G. Broaddus, a former Virginia attorney general who is now in private practice and had no role in the case. “It’s disappointing there wasn’t more consideration as to why this man did this. Do we really want to keep him in jail for the rest of his life? Having said that, it doesn’t surprise me in the slightest that this judge meted out the sentence that he did. ” William F. Rutherford, the judge who sentenced Mr. Singleton, has been retired for years. During a recent series of interviews, he said he had no recollection of the case, but after he reviewed Mr. Singleton’s court files, he said he had no regrets about how he handled it. “Under the circumstances,” he said, “it would not be unusual for me to give out that kind of sentence. ” Mr. Rutherford, who turned 89 in June, was known in Norfolk, Va. legal circles for his tough sentences, and he acknowledged that he was an intimidating presence on the bench. “I’m a   guy and I wouldn’t take any crap off of defense lawyers or anybody,” he said. “The people in jail did not like coming into Courtroom No. 7. ” D. J. Hansen, the prosecutor in Mr. Singleton’s case, said Mr. Rutherford “had a reputation for being one of the tougher judges” in the courthouse. Mr. Hansen, who is now a deputy commonwealth’s attorney in Chesapeake, Va. added that “Virginia is a hard state” when it comes to doling out punishments, and pointed out that he sought a life sentence for Mr. Singleton because of the serious nature of the robberies. When compared with recent cases, Mr. Singleton’s sentence appears to be disproportionately harsh. The maximum penalty for   murder in Virginia is 40 years, and people convicted in recent months of attempted murder and similar crimes have received sentences far shorter than Mr. Singleton’s. For example, Tamar Harris, 21, who shot and wounded a police officer, was sentenced in April to 23 years in prison, and Jermaine Rogers, 30, of Norfolk, who pleaded guilty to two counts of attempted murder, was sentenced in March to 10 years. Mr. Singleton, 49, who is called “Pops” by other inmates here at the Nottoway Correctional Center in central Virginia, has largely forgotten the details of his weeklong crime spree. Unlike many of his fellow inmates, he does not claim he is innocent. He recalled in an interview that before each robbery, he would smoke crack and drink a   of beer. In all, he got about $500. “After I sobered up, I couldn’t believe what I had done,” he said. “I was like, ‘Damn, Lenny, what the hell? ’” Mr. Singleton played football at Langston University, the historically black college in Oklahoma from which he graduated, and later joined the Navy, but was kicked out for using drugs. In prison, he has attended substance abuse classes and become a devoted reader of   books from the prison library. He works in a furniture plant at the prison and earns 80 cents an hour building furniture used in Virginia’s universities. But a percentage of his pay is subtracted for court costs and fines, and he still owes the state $1, 800. Last year, he married a high school classmate, Vandy, with whom he had lost touch. They recently compiled a book of their letters detailing his incarceration and her battles with cancer. Mr. Singleton, who prison officials acknowledge has never committed an infraction behind bars, has filed for a conditional pardon with Gov. Terry McAuliffe, saying in part that his   lawyer failed to adequately represent him. Mr. Singleton said he had been unaware that he could be sentenced to life in prison until he had already pleaded guilty. His lawyer at that time, Jon M. Babineau, said he was legally prohibited from discussing Mr. Singleton’s case because of Virginia’s   privilege laws, but said he had done his best to represent his client. In a prison administrative office on a recent morning, Mr. Singleton said he had seen inmates convicted of murder and rape come and go, and was hopeful that he would not die in prison. “I was out of my mind on drugs, but I wasn’t going to hurt anybody,” he said. “I was just after the money. ”",0
19755,Get Ready For Civil Unrest: Survey Finds That Most Americans Are Concerned About Election Violence | RedFlag News,"
by Michael Snyder via THE DAILY SHEEPLE 
Could we see violence no matter who wins on November 8th? 
Let’s hope that it doesn’t happen, but as you will see below, anti-Trump violence is already sweeping the nation. If Trump were to actually win the election, that would likely send the radical left into a violent post-election temper tantrum unlike anything that we have ever seen before. Alternatively, there is a tremendous amount of concern on the right that this election could be stolen by Hillary Clinton. And as I showed yesterday, it appears that voting machines in Texas are already switching votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . If Hillary Clinton wins this election under suspicious circumstances, that also may be enough to set off widespread civil unrest all across the country. 
At this moment there is less than two weeks to go until November 8th, and a brand new survey has found that a majority of Americans are concerned “about the possibility of violence” on election day… 
A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are “very concerned.” Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are “very confident” about that. 
More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won’t recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn’t have won fair and square. 
But many on the left are not waiting until after the election to commit acts of violence. On Wednesday, Donald Trump’s star on the Walk of Fame was smashed into pieces by a man with a sledgehammer and a pick-ax… 
Donald Trump took a lot of hits today, and not just in the Presidential race. With less than two weeks to go before America decides if the ex- Apprentice host will pull off a surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, Trump’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed early Wednesday morning by a man dressed as a city construction worker and wielding a sledgehammer and pick-ax in what looks to be a Tinseltown first. 
And there were two other instances earlier this year when Donald Trump’s star was also vandalized. One came in January, and the other happened in June … 
This is of course not the first time the GOP candidate’s star has been attacked or defaced since Trump announced his White House bid in summer 2015. The most extreme measure was a reverse swastika being sprayed on the star at 6801 Hollywood Blvd in late January. In June this summer, a mute sign was painted on Trump’s star in a seemingly protest against the antagonistic language and policies some have accused Trump of promoting and reveling in during the campaign. In both cases, Trump’s star was quickly cleaned and back as new within a day. 
We have seen anti-Trump violence on the east coast as well. Earlier this month, someone decided to firebomb the Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina. On the building next to the headquarters, someone spray-painted “Nazi Republicans get out of town or else” along with a swastika. 
There have also been other disturbing incidents of anti-Trump violence all over the nation in recent days. A recent Lifezette article put together quite a long list, and the following is just a short excerpt from that piece… 
On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, “Why can’t they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?” 
Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. “The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by ‘some thugs’ that a barmaid called out from the back.” Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a “Blue Lives Matter” shirt. 
On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a “Make America Great Again” baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. 
There is a move to get Trump supporters to wear red on election day, but in many parts of America that might just turn his supporters into easy targets. Let’s certainly hope that we don’t see the kind of violent confrontations at voting locations that many experts are anticipating. 
Of course there are also many on the right that are fighting mad, and a Hillary Clinton victory under suspicious circumstances may be enough to push them over the edge. 
For example, this week former Congressman Joe Walsh said that he is “grabbing my musket” if Donald Trump loses the election… 
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. 
Walsh, a former tea party congressman from Illinois who is now a conservative talk radio host, tweeted, “On November 8th, I’m voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I’m grabbing my musket. You in?” 
And without a doubt, many ordinary Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition just in case Hillary Clinton is victorious. The following comes from USA Today … 
“Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I’ve been buying a lot more ammunition,” says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan’s Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to “declare martial law and take our guns away” after the election. 
Today America is more divided than I have ever seen it before, and the mainstream media is constantly fueling the hatred and the anger that various groups feel toward one another. 
Ironically, Donald Trump has been working very hard to bring America together. In fact, he is solidly on track to win a higher percentage of the black vote than any Republican presidential candidate since 1960 . 
If Hillary Clinton and the Democrats win on November 8th, things will not go well for Hillary Clinton’s political enemies. The Clintons used the power of the White House to go after their enemies the first time around, and Hillary is even more angry and more bitter now than she was back then. 
And the radical left is very clear about who their enemies are. This is something that I discussed on national television earlier this month … 
As I write this, it is difficult for me to even imagine how horrible a Hillary Clinton presidency would be. 
But at this point that appears to be the most likely outcome . 
Out of all the candidates that we could have chosen, the American people are about to put the most evil one by far into the White House. 
Perhaps Donald Trump can still pull off a miracle and we can avoid that fate, but time is rapidly slipping away and November 8th will be here before we know it. ",0
19756,Nuclear weapons question,"Report Copyright Violation nuclear weapons question Hello all.. I have been a longtime lurker on this board but this is my first time posting. I have many questions that I'm hoping someone can help me with since you all seem to be very knowledgeable in this area..In terms of nuclear weapons I know we have tested over 1000 and I know the radiation has increased cases of cancer and killed livestock but shouldn't there be more of an impact? I know the theory with nuclear war ending life as we know it derives from the fact that it would cause a nuclear winter there for beginning some sort of ice age on earth.. with all the weapons that have been tested should we not have already brought ourselves to this or does it more have to do with all weapons going off all at once? Another question being I heard that radiation dissipates quickly (with the most dangerous time being the first 48 hours) if so then how would it cause a nuclear winter? I know these are silly questions I am pretty bad with science so I am hoping someone can explain better.Another question.. I am very sure this article has been linked here before but wondering if someone can give me their thoughts and either disprove the article or explain why it's true. [ link to heiwaco.tripod.com ] Personally I find it's safer to believe they work, if a crazy person threatens you saying they have a gun you take it for face value. You don't want to question them about it or dare them to prove it!In terms of world 3... have all biblical prophecies been fulfilled already to believe world war 3 is next on the timeline? I would be lying if I said I'm not scared. When it comes to death. .it sucks sure but I'm not afraid for myself.. I'm afraid for my one year old! I will do ANYTHING to protect her even if it means giving up my life so she can have a beautiful, healthy, long life! I do believe in God and I find myself turning a lot to him these last few days but I can't help but be angry and feel so guilty bringing this beautiful soul into this world.. for what? So she can suffer and die before she even turns 3? I just feel so lost and hurt. If anyone can give me advice or guidance I would appreciate it more than you know. The aspect of the end being at our door isn't too much a problem for me.. it's more the aspect that I don't want this for my child! I want her to live her life! Fall in love! See the world!I don't know.. maybe the time isn't here.. we've been close to a nuclear war once before maybe just maybe we can dodge this again. Page 1",0
19757,Geography Made America Great. Has Globalization Undone Its Influence? - The New York Times,"EARNING THE ROCKIES How Geography Shapes America’s Role in the World By Robert D. Kaplan 201 pp. Random House. $27. Well over half of American voters, having cast ballots for Hillary Clinton or   candidates, awoke the next morning to a country that seems not only unfamiliar but  . Populists embrace a celebrity billionaire, evangelicals welcome a   Lothario, conservatives accept an opportunist whose only ideological commitment is to himself. The Republican establishment proves helpless against the hijacking of the party, the mainstream media prove ineffectual against the tide of fake news and the political system proves vulnerable to the machinations of a sinister foreign government. Longstanding global alliances are questioned, longstanding political norms are trashed  —   and then the candidate with the    plurality loses. In what alternative universe does this make any sense? As Karl Marx said, in a very different context: All that is solid melts into air. Or maybe not. Maybe the political air is turbulent but the country’s tectonic fundamentals remain solid. Maybe American politics and geopolitics rest on a foundation as immovable as the rivers and plains of the country itself. For those who feel disoriented, and also (perhaps especially) for those who feel triumphant, Robert D. Kaplan’s small but magisterial new book, “Earning the Rockies,” is a tonic, because it brings fundamentals back into view. With only 180 uncrowded pages of text, this is a book that can be read on a    flight, but fully digesting it will take much longer. Every page brings a fresh insight, a telling aperçu, a bracing reality check. If you do read the book at 30, 000 feet, it will make you yearn to be down below. To understand the country, Kaplan posits, one must still “earn the Rockies,” reaching them on terra firma as our ancestors did. “To fly to California and set your clock back three hours is not to know the ground you have covered, because you haven’t seen all the different mornings and evenings along the way. ” Kaplan is one of America’s most distinguished writers on foreign affairs, with 16 prior books to his name. (He and I are both contributing editors of The Atlantic, though we don’t know each other.) Many will recall his 1994 Atlantic article (then book) “The Coming Anarchy,” which looks eerily prescient today. In his teens as a hitchhiker and again in middle age as a journalist, Kaplan trekked across the continental United States. Today, perplexed by America’s pivot against the successful global order that Americans built, he repeats the journey, “for the answers to our dilemmas overseas lie within the continent itself. ” He returns with a musing travelogue, one that seeks, in words as carefully chosen as gemstones, to bring America’s geographic and geopolitical fundamentals back into the picture. He begins in the East, where the landscape is vertical, cluttered with tall trees and taller cities. Walking streets that are thriving and dismal by turns, and overhearing conversations in rural diners and urban coffeehouses, he encounters not one country but two. Wheeling, in West Virginia coal country, is in a shocking state of collapse, but across the bridge in Marietta, Ohio, he finds prosperity fueled by   fracking. In Bloomington, the home of Indiana University, he finds “a truly global civilization,” demarcated by “miles and miles of expensive restaurants and   people. ” The new “universal civilization” is slowly dissolving local distinctiveness, but only for some: Bloomington’s elites understand their British counterparts better than they do their compatriots in Wheeling. In place after place, Kaplan encounters people who, though friendly and   “have in some important ways just given up. ” Even in blue states, many “feel their way of life is being endangered and fear being economically left behind in this new world of slim people on   diets with stylish clothes. ” Then the “horizontal landscape” of the Great Plains unfurls before him, followed by the great American desert of the West, endless landscapes that forged an independent ethos yet, paradoxically, were built with the aid of enormous government investment. Here he finds the cradle of America’s international ambitions: “If this unending vastness could be conquered, then, after some fashion, the world could be, too. ” At last, he arrives in San Diego, overlooking the port of the mighty United States Pacific Fleet and peering over the horizon toward Asia, where the fleet’s patrols keep an uneasy peace. What do we learn along the way? For all the turbulent change swirling about us now, America was and remains the product of an exceptional geography. North America has more miles of navigable inland waterways than much of the rest of the world combined. Better still, its rivers run diagonally rather than (as in Russia) north and south, forming an ideal network for internal communication and trade. Moreover, America’s continental span and rich resource base shield it from external threat and dependency. Thus the United States is uniquely blessed by geography to form and sustain a cohesive continental union. Union is not the same as unity, but it’s a good start. America’s geographical and hydrological blessings ramify not only inward but also outward. “The United States is not a normal country: Its geographic bounty gave it the possibility of becoming a world power, and with that power it has developed longstanding obligations, which, on account of its continued economic and social dynamism relative to other powers, it keeps,” Kaplan writes. “We are,” he says (his italics) “fated to lead. ” For a host of reasons, ranging from geography to culture, no other country can play the same role. Kaplan embraces America’s   role but is no imperialist. His book is most challenging, and most valuable, for the layers of paradox it mines. Geography and union make the United States a hegemon whose auspices create the conditions for globalization  —   but globalization diminishes America’s geographical advantages and erodes American unity. Meanwhile, as globalization uproots local economies and norms, the communications revolution spawns new tribal and ideological identities, everything from jihadism to  . “It isn’t the clash of civilizations so much as the clash of artificially reconstructed civilizations that is taking place,” Kaplan writes. Finally, globalization, a product of American influence and a bulwark against chaos, erodes American influence and births new disruptions. For all its unrivaled military and economic power, the United States “now has no possibility of bringing order to the world. ” The best we can hope for is to reduce disorder. Doing that requires projecting power, yes, but with a “light and subtle footprint. ” It won’t be easy. “Earning the Rockies” was written before the 2016 election. The name “Trump” appears only a few times. Yet there is more insight here into the Age of Trump than in bushels of    journalism. George H. W. Bush imagined a new world order and, for a time, built one Bill Clinton embraced soft power and democratic globalization and, for a time, made them work George W. Bush rediscovered history, confrontation, hard power and blowback Barack Obama sought to revive Clinton’s formula but, in the end, left too many behind. And then came Trump, repudiating all of the above for irredentist nationalism, and smashing crockery as none have done since Andrew Jackson. Where are we now? In territory that is uncharted but not altogether unfamiliar. President Trump may try to ignore the paradoxes of geography and globalism, but he cannot escape them. In the long run, Kaplan reminds us, the shape of the river constrains the pilot’s course. America will continue to lead, because it must.",0
19758,Working class man not particularly angry,"Working class man not particularly angry 15-11-16 A WORKING class man has confirmed that he is not remotely full of hate. Despite politicians assuming he is fuelled by rage and probably quite racist, warehouse operative Wayne Hayes explained that he enjoys playing badminton and listening to radio documentaries about the Middle Ages. Hayes said: “After Trump and Brexit, everyone seems to want to understand me, which is flattering but I’m not sure what to tell them. “I’ve had four Guardian journalists on the phone already this morning, and explained to them that my life is much the same as theirs if you just swap ‘Waitrose’ for ‘Asda’ and remember that because I don’t live in London I have a larger home. “They wanted to know if grammar schools were somehow responsible for making me into a disenfranchised political powder keg. At that point I said I needed to get back to work because I have a job where you actually have to do stuff.” Theresa May plans to visit Hayes’s workplace tomorrow, to personally ask him if there’s anything she can do to stop him being a frothing swamp of hate and resentment. Hayes added: “I’m fine to talk to her as long as I don’t have to stay late to make up the lost work time. Now that would piss me off.” 
Share:",0
19759,Comment on 10 Questions For Every Atheist by para para dinle,"10 Questions For Every Atheist By Jonathan Lenhardt on November 10, 2014 Subscribe 
The Liberal Conservative is back here at Liberal America! I won’t make a big to-do about it since I’m willing to wager most folks don’t remember me anyway. All you have to know is that I’m an Atheist and a fiscally conservative, socially liberal Republican who detests the Tea Party with a fiery passion. I don’t always agree with full-fledged conservatives or liberals, but I do believe we can at least tolerate each other just enough to live side-by-side. 
So, what brings me back after such a long absence? Believe it or not it’s not politics. It’s something I hold even more close to my heart: my aforementioned Atheism. See, I stumbled upon this article here courtesy of the kind folks at TodayChristian.net . It’s appropriately titled “10 Questions For Every Atheist” and was posted on their web site back in July with the subheading “Some Questions Atheist Cannot Truly and Honestly REALLY Answer! Which leads to some interesting conclusions?”. 
Look, I won’t lie. I stopped reading right there. I mean…some questions Atheist (not Atheist s , mind you) cannot truly and honestly REALLY (for added emphasis) answer? Interesting conclusions? In the words of my generation, “Challenge accepted!” I decided I was going to respond right then, right there. Game on. Without any further delay, let’s get on with it… 
Question #1: How Did You Become an Atheist? 
Right off the bat we start with a question that no Atheist would have any trouble answering. Like me personally, I simply started thinking for myself around age 13; asking very serious, very real questions about the world we live in. Would an all-merciful god allow children to go hungry? Would an all-powerful god allow innocent people be tortured and killed? Soon I discovered that I had quite a few questions and no real answers. “God’s will”, “Thy will be done”, “God will one day vanquish evil”; these are not real answers. If it’s any god’s will for the world to be as horrible as it is and has been, then I wouldn’t believe in it even if I knew it existed. That would be like having a sports hero you discovered was a child pornographer. Any decent human being would stop believing in that hero. 
Question #2: What happens when we die? 
Our loved ones mourn while we are buried, burned or donated to science. We lose all of our senses, our ability to think. We cease to exist. It’s a pretty scary thought. One that often quite literally makes me bolt up awake at night having to shake the thought off. The thought being, “I am going to die one day and then that’s it.” Scary as it is, it makes me appreciate this life more even if I continue to only live it about a quarter of the way to its fullest. At least I’m enjoying myself. 
Question #3: What if you’re wrong? And there is a Heaven? And there is a HELL! 
Then I’m wrong; and God is either all-merciful like religious folk claim or he/she/it is a total jerkass. I do like how “hell” is in ALL CAPS in this question as if it’s supposed to be scary, though. Cute. Also, the punctuation is wrong; and, you never start a sentence with “and”. 
Question #4: Without God, where do you get your morality from? 
Empathy mainly. Empathy is a human trait, not a religious one. Logic is another source of my morality; as is reason. I’d also like to point out that so far these are really easy to answer… 
Question #5: If there is no God, can we do what we want? Are we free to murder and rape? While good deeds are unrewarded? 
Okay, I first noticed this with Question #3: this is actually three questions in one which I think is cheating. Would it be so wrong for Today Christian to call this article “ 14 Questions For Every Atheist “? It’s like they chose 10 because it sounds stronger. Kind of sounds like the same reason why there are Ten Commandments . 
Either way, let’s start with the first one. We can do whatever we want within the confines of the law of the land. Man’s law, that is. You’ll notice that if I sleep with my neighbor’s wife – which I might; I am a heathen , after all – I won’t go to prison for it. Nor will I go to prison for looking at my buddy’s PlayStation 4 and thinking, “Aw, I want one!” 
The second one? I could cite the law answer again, but this question deserves a more human answer. What kind of monster wants to murder and rape people? Is your archaic book the only reason you don’t murder and rape? Do you constantly have to fight those urges – only winning out when you spot your Holy Bible on the book shelf and remember that if you do those things you’ll end up in hell? If the answer is no, then you wouldn’t murder or rape people either. That’s called humanity and – again – empathy . 
Finally, “While good deeds are unrewarded?” If the only reason you do good is for a pat on the back and recognition, then you’re not moral. You’re a creep. A needy creep. 
Question #6: If there is no god, how does your life have any meaning? 
Our lives are defined by the good we do for others (with or without recognition, to reference the previous question), our families, our friends, etc. I don’t need an invisible space daddy to tell me what my life means. I give my life meaning every day in one way or another. I want to be a writer who entertains people through literature, film, the occasionally whacky joke, etc. Making people laugh, smile, think, and the like – even if that dream fails – is the definition of my life. If I can make one person enjoy their day every day, then my life is complete. I did that. I gave it that meaning. By myself . I didn’t even have an instruction book! You can’t even put together IKEA furniture without an instruction book (and an AI helper, and a rocket ship, and a…) and yet I’ve figured out my life’s meaning without one. 
Questions #7: Where did the universe come from? 
We don’t know. That’s something religion folks don’t seem to understand. Saying “I don’t know” or “we don’t know” isn’t an admission of defeat. We just don’t know. Yet. Maybe we’ll never know. There are brilliant minds working on it; but, until we have cold hard proof that a space magician created everything we aren’t going to blindly believe it. There are theories. Quite a few of those theories are logical in a scientific sense. Will we ever prove it? That’s a damn big thing to prove. That being said, only the biggest, most self-indulgent egomaniacs of the scientific community do what hardcore religious people do and say their theory is 100% for sure without being able to absolutely prove it time and time again. “God just went click” is both simplistic and embarrassingly naive. I say that without trying to sound condescending. However, it’s a simple case of “I’ll believe it when I see it.” Or when I’m otherwise able to verify it. 
Question #8: What about miracles? What all the people who claim to have a connection with Jesus? What about those who claim to have seen saints or angels? 
Ugh! Another question that’s actually three questions within a question. Okay, fine… You’re aware mental illness is a thing? Okay, I’ll be less jerk-ish. 
This makes me think of people who claim or are related to or otherwise know people who claim to have had a “near-death experience” or NDE. The problem with that whole thing is that it’s suspiciously similar to the effects the centrifuge test has on the men and women training to be astronauts or fighter pilots. Those folks experience the same visions – often of saints, angels, dead relatives, etc. NDE’s are nothing more than the brain vividly hallucinating sights, sounds, and the “light at the end of the tunnel” as blood rushes from the brain to other parts of the body as it struggles to both maintain equilibrium and struggle to keep living . 
Throw in people who claim to see UFOs, Bigfoot, Slenderman, El Chupacabra, and Michael Bay’s talent to this next part: some people make stuff up for attention. It’s true. Or for financial gain. Or just for the goddamn fun of it. Dishonest people exist . Everywhere . 
As for people who claim to have a connection with Jesus? They’re probably hearing voices in their head. That’s mental illness . If a voice in my head tells me it’s a good idea to go to a random child’s birthday party, cold cock the clown in the chin, poo on the cake, and make love to the child’s mother on the picnic table in front of the whole party, then I too would claim Jesus told me to do it since I? really wouldn’t want to go to jail or the asylum . 
To wrap up Questions #8a, 8b, and 8c: miracles. Aren’t those the same things that have become strangely scarce now that cameras and other recording devices exist? 
Question #9: What’s your view of Dawkins, Hitchens and Harris? 
They could be less militant. Look, my fellow heathens, I’m a whole-hearted Atheist. I do not believe in any gods or supernatural beings of any kind and I fully understand the atrocities often carried out in the name of religion. That being said, I don’t automatically leer down at those who are faithful. It’s true that I used to leer down on people who were. That is until I was with my now ex-girlfriend (we broke up over stuff other than religion, mind you). She mellowed out my Atheism on account of the fact that she was raised Roman Catholic and still remained pretty spiritual in one sense or another as an adult while she also just happens (happened?) to be a wonderful person. Now, Dawkins, Hitchens, and Harris (you’ll notice I use the Oxford comma in my writings, but to each their own) are brilliant, funny, and kind of a jerk, respectively. I understand how militant Dawkins is and Hitchens was; but, I have a hard time believing that if a faithful person respectfully approached them as a human being and simply wanted a light, brief conversation that they’d be or would have been anything but appreciative of the respect shown. Harris? Who knows? I think he’s kind of a jerk. He’s shown himself to be so in the past and I’m not even talking about the Real Time thing with Ben Affleck . I don’t think that he was behaving at all bigoted on that occasion. 
Question #10: If there is no God, then why does every society have a religion? 
Because every society has roots that go back to a people who knew nothing and tried their best to explain things like fire, lightning, the sun, the moon, etc. That’s how religion started: by people who knew nothing . That evolved (wink, wink) into people who wanted power which has now evolved (nudge, nudge) to people who want money; especially here in the United States. 
The Tea Party – which I will never be affiliated with despite being a Republican – is basically owned by people (namely the Kochs) who are using those people’s faith as a method of moral, “spiritual” corruption. The Kochs and the politicians they own – which are voted into power by the people they control through this hysteria which is primarily faith-driven – don’t give a rat’s asshole about the well-being or happiness of the “Tea Patriots” or “Tea Baggers” or anyone for that matter. They wouldn’t piss on you if you were on fire; mostly because they are working to privatize pissing on people who are on fire and they’d really rather you paid for that service. 
By the way, ever noticed how each society’s religion is different? That there is no single religion? It’s almost as if each society made up their own shit along the way… 
Here’s My Final Thought 
Look, being an Atheist isn’t about being an elitist. Hell, Atheists all have different lifestyles, different hobbies, different daily routines, different tastes, preferences, opinions, political views, alignments; for Christ’s sake we have different favorite movies, shows, musicians, genres, sexual positions, drugs, doctors, lawyers, ways to make fun of Michael Bay, etc. Atheism isn’t a singular entity. It is a vast, diverse, wonderful place where all are welcome to discuss or even disagree so long as they discuss and disagree politely. 
The only thing all Atheist groups share is that we don’t believe in god, the devil, Zeus, Odin, healing crystals, the medicinal uses of wind chimes or any of that stuff. We’re happy to live peacefully with you if you’re happy to live peacefully with us. The only reason Atheists tend to appear so combative is because pretty often? we are the ones under attack and so we are always on guard . Be it by the laws religious politicians push or name-calling on Facebook or willful ignorance about the state of the country and world or seeing good people suffer throughout the world we find ourselves and our views threatened simply because we choose not to worship on our knees. We choose instead to live on our feet. We help others not because we are told it is moral by a deity, but because we feel it’s the right, just, human thing to do. 
Let us know your thoughts at the Liberal America Facebook page . Sign up for our free daily newsletter to receive more great stories like this one. 
About Jonathan Lenhardt 
I'm Jonathan Lenhardt; fiscally conservative, socially liberal Republican. I'm pro-choice, pro-2nd Amendment, anti-Tea Party, and happily atheist just to name a sparse few things about me. You can direct all hate mail to [email protected] Also, you can find me on Google+, Twitter (@JonLenTheLC), and I have an L.C.-specific Facebook page (Jonathan Lenhardt, The Liberal Conservative). Connect",0
19760,Hacker Releases More Democratic Party Documents - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   A hacker believed to be tied to the Russian intelligence services made public another set of internal Democratic Party documents on Friday, including the personal cellphone numbers and email addresses of nearly 200 lawmakers. The files appeared to be less politically embarrassing and damaging than the hacker’s initial trove, which came from the Democratic National Committee. Those documents, released by WikiLeaks last month on the eve of the party’s convention, led to the resignation of the committee’s leader, Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz. But the emergence of another set of leaked documents threatened to intensify international tensions over Russia’s suspected meddling in United States politics. The hacker claiming responsibility for the breach  —   working under the pseudonym Guccifer 2. 0, which American intelligence officials believe is an alias for a Russian intelligence hacker  —   appeared eager to taunt Democrats in releasing the latest files. Those documents came from the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, the   arm for House Democrats. “It’s time for new revelations now,” the hacker wrote in posting the files. “All of you may have heard about the DCCC hack. As you see I wasn’t wasting my time! It was even easier than in the case of the DNC breach. ” On Friday night, the hacker indicated that more leaks would follow, writing on Twitter that “the major trove” of the House committee documents would be sent to WikiLeaks. “Keep following,” the hacker wrote. While it became known last month that the House committee had been hacked along with the D. N. C. this was the first time its files had become public. In a statement, the House committee said it was investigating the authenticity of the documents and was working with federal law enforcement officials. The F. B. I. is leading the investigation. American intelligence officials said they are virtually certain that Russian intelligence officials were behind the attack. They said that the breach appears to have extended beyond the two Democratic groups to include the personal email accounts of at least 100 Democratic officials. Representative Jim Himes of Connecticut, the top Democrat on the House subcommittee on the National Security Agency and cybersecurity, said he was not overly concerned that his personal information was released. “If it’s simply my email being sent around, half my constituents have my email,” he said. “If it were to turn out that someone was hacking into emails, it would be a different situation. Worse comes to worst I can get a different email or cell number. ” Mr. Himes dismissed the idea that the leak could affect his, or anyone else’s, election campaign this year. “It’s hard for me to imagine how just having a bunch of numbers, cellphones and emails would in any way affect the election,” he said. “It wasn’t totally unexpected. ” He added that the cybersecurity subcommittee was likely to discuss the hack in more detail, saying the release of personal information made the threat “feel that much more real” to members. “If there were the ability for someone to hack into those accounts, that really gets worrisome,” he said. “Someone could cause a lot of damage if they were able to send emails out from a member’s account, but I’m not hearing that that’s a risk at this point. ” The D. N. C. documents that were released last month proved intensely embarrassing for committee officials because they contained emails indicating that party leaders favored Hillary Clinton as their nominee over her rival, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. The committee’s interim leader, Donna Brazile, created a special cybersecurity panel this week to guard against future attacks. Much of the latest batch of documents from the House   committee, including overviews of particular races and campaigns, appeared largely innocuous in comparison to the D. N. C. breach. Beyond the cellphone numbers and email addresses for Democratic lawmakers, the latest release also included passwords for some internal databases. Mrs. Clinton’s campaign files do not appear to have been directly breached in the cyberattack, but the personal accounts of some campaign officials might have been, and a voting analytics program used by the campaign was opened as part of the D. N. C. breach, officials say. The American authorities remain uncertain whether the electronic   to the Democrats’ computer systems was intended as fairly routine cyberespionage or as part of an effort to manipulate the presidential election. The Republican nominee, Donald J. Trump, urged the Russians last month to try to find 33, 000 “missing” emails from Mrs. Clinton’s personal server. But after his remark produced an intense backlash, Mr. Trump said later that he was being sarcastic.",0
19761,Kamasi Washington Follows ‘The Epic’ With a New Work in Whitney Biennial - The New York Times,"For two years the tenor saxophonist Kamasi Washington has ridden on the strength of “The Epic,” his hit triple album from 2015, playing almost 200 concerts last year and cementing a level of cultural prominence rarely afforded to jazz musicians. This week he will debut his first new work since the album, at the 2017 Whitney Biennial, which opens on Friday in its first iteration since the museum moved downtown in 2015. A   gallery will feature Mr. Washington’s “Harmony of Difference,” a   sweep of   music with accompanying video from the filmmaker A. G. Rojas. As he has gained attention, Mr. Washington, 36, has taken up the role of a jazz ambassador. And with “Harmony of Difference,” he adopts a familiar but still relevant argument: Improvised music can represent a metaphor for a more perfect American union. In this case, Mr. Washington set out to use the musical concept of counterpoint (various melodic crosscurrents flowing together) to symbolize a coexistence that is not just peaceful but actively engaged. “With our political climate right now, there’s just so much focus on the negative aspect of our diversity,” he said last week in a phone interview from Los Angeles. “I thought it was ironic that we look at it as this problem that we have to solve, when it’s really a gift. ” Of “Harmony,” he said: “I didn’t want it to sound chaotic. I wanted to show how you can pull these different musical pieces together in a way that felt harmonious. ” The   suite coheres around   harmonies and rhythms that mix swing, funk and calypso. It’s of a piece with “The Epic,” which Mr. Washington recorded with a large band, a choir and a string section, though here only the final song, over 13 minutes long, features strings and voices. Through the first five tracks, Mr. Rojas’s video pans patterns painted by Mr. Washington’s sister Amani Washington. At the end of the fifth tune we see a composite canvas, with all five patterns creating an abstract face. In the gallery, that video will play simultaneously on   TVs on three walls. When it ends, a projector will illuminate the one bare wall with a different video as the sixth tune begins. Patrons would presumably gather around the single screen to watch the culminating piece together. The visuals here are mostly portraits of young Angelenos, alone or in small groups, with a cosmic   production style that reflects elements of Mr. Washington’s aesthetic. Mr. Rojas, who makes music videos often but rarely works with jazz musicians, said he felt a sense of freedom working with Mr. Washington. He described “a kind of fluid emotion that doesn’t really exist when you’re doing a video for an artist that has lyrics or a certain specific structure. ” This exhibition is Mr. Washington’s entree into a major museum since arriving on the national scene. Successful jazz musicians usually depend on grants and professorships if they ascend far enough, working in museums is a natural part of the career path. But Mr. Washington has come via a slightly different route. He grew up in South Central Los Angeles, the son of a jazz musician and the nephew of a dance company director, and he came of age in a small ecosystem of mentorship, learning from elders like Billy Higgins and Gerald Wilson. Working with fellow young musicians he had known since grade school, such as Ronald Bruner Jr. and Cameron Graves, he has gone on to record and tour with major Los Angeles musicians outside jazz, like Flying Lotus, Snoop Dogg and Kendrick Lamar. He recorded most of “The Epic” in 2011, during a monthlong recording binge with the loose federation of young jazz musicians calling themselves the West Coast Get Down. Since its release, he has toured constantly, playing his rigorous, largely instrumental music at rock clubs more often than jazz venues. Mr. Washington’s album experienced remarkable success partly thanks to his reputation for working across genres, but also because it responded to a desire for dauntless, farseeing art in the age of Black Lives Matter. “The Epic” loops in elements of 1970s funk and 1980s RB without abandoning jazz’s guiding ethic  —   one of earnest and determined humanism. On that triple album, for all the dozens of musicians, there seems to be another, more ambiguous layer in the recording. It could just be all those instruments resonating with one another, or a result of the microphones that were used, or something more inexplicable. But a humid electricity  —   some illusory, conductive force  —   certainly hangs throughout most of the songs. It’s something like the feeling of an orchestra tuning, or the swell of a bass amplifier just before it feeds back. “When you have a lot of musicians who are connected to each other on a special level, and are really reaching for that, you get a feeling,” Mr. Washington said. “It’s a stirring. ”",0
19762,Getting a Drone as a Gift? Check Your Insurance - The New York Times,"MANY people will receive drones as gifts this holiday season. But before heading to the nearest field to fly the devices, recipients may want to check their insurance coverage. “I’m sure there will be a lot of drones given as Christmas gifts, and we’ll start to see more   claims,” said Chris Hackett, the senior director for personal lines at the Property Casualty Insurers Association of America, an industry group. Demand for drones has surged because of their lower cost and expanded capabilities. More than 577, 000 people  —   many of them owners of multiple drones  —   have registered as hobby drone operators as of early December, according to the Federal Aviation Administration. The Consumer Technology Association estimates that about 1. 2 million drones will be sold this holiday season. Drones are highly maneuverable, and they can carry cameras to record spectacular vistas from the air. But accidents do happen: Recently, news outlets reported that a drone being used to record a wedding reception in New Hampshire injured two guests, who later sued the groom. “There are a lot of unfortunate things that can go wrong,” said Christie Alderman, a vice president at Chubb Insurance. Generally, if you are using a drone for personal purposes and it injures someone or damages their property, your standard homeowner’s insurance policy would provide liability coverage up to the policy’s limits, said Mr. Hackett. (If you are using a drone to make money  —   even if it is a sideline, like photographing property for a real estate business  —   that would not typically be covered by a homeowner’s policy). It is always wise, however, to check with your insurance carrier on the specifics of your policy, said Loretta Worters, a spokeswoman for the Insurance Information Institute, a trade group. Some insurers may exclude   incidents from their policies  —   and those that do not do so now may decide to eventually, as the number of drones taking to the skies increases and insurers learn more about the cost of   claims. “Generally speaking, we evaluate every claim on its own merit,” said Justin Herndon, a spokesman for Allstate, in an email. “We continue to follow the evolution of drones and its impact on our customers’ policies. ” It is also a good idea to reduce your risk by brushing up on drone operational and safety rules, Ms. Alderman said. The F. A. A. requires that hobby users fly drones at or below 400 feet, and keep them within sight. The agency offers a safety video on its website. Also, the Academy of Model Aeronautics, which charters more than 2, 500     clubs, works with other groups and the F. A. A. to promote safety guidelines and instruction through the Know Before You Fly initiative. Simulation software that can help you learn to fly a drone on a home computer is available for about $100, said Chad Budreau, director of public relations and government affairs for the model aeronautics group. Here are some questions and answers about drones: What other insurance options are available? One option for hobbyists: If you join the Academy of Model Aeronautics, you will receive group liability coverage as a benefit of membership. (Membership is $75 for adults, free for those under age 19.) The academy’s insurance policy, issued by a specialty insurer, typically pays out after your homeowner’s policy is exhausted, and it provides $2. 5 million in liability coverage for property damage or bodily injury. What if my drone is lost or damaged? Homeowner’s policies typically cover replacement of personal belongings, which would include a drone. But most policies have a deductible  —   say, $500. So unless you have a very expensive drone, it may not be worth filing a claim, Ms. Worters said. Do I have to register my drone? Federal rules now require recreational owners to register any drone  —   or “unmanned aircraft system,” in F. A. A. parlance  —   flown outdoors. Drones weighing a   to 55 pounds can be registered online on the agency’s website the fee is $5 per person, can be applied to as many drones as you own and is good for three years. Failure to register a drone can be costly: The F. A. A. says generally it aims to educate operators, but can impose civil fines of up to $27, 500, and criminal penalties can be much higher.",0
19763,Brother of Clinton’s Campaign Chair is an Active Foreign Agent on the Saudi Arabian Payroll,"Posted by Claire Bernish 
Tony Podesta — brother of the now-disgraced Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta , whose files Wikileaks has been publishing — is not only a powerful Democratic Party lobbyist, but a registered foreign agent receiving a hefty monthly paycheck from the nefarious government of Saudi Arabia. 
No — as tinfoil-hat conspiracy theorist as it might sound — that scenario is the absolute truth. 
In 1988, John and Tony Podesta formed the Podesta Group and have used their bigwig party-insider status to lobby and influence government policies — while, at various times, simultaneously holding positions of power — which has created a number of glaring conflicts of interest. 
According to the March 2016 filing made in accordance with the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, Tony Podesta is an active foreign agent of the Saudi government with the “ Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court ,” and acts as an officer of the Saudi Arabia account. 
At this point, the web of pay-for-play between the Washington, political heavyweights, and foreign governments comes lurching into the spotlight. 
For starters, the Podesta brothers’ lobbying firm receives $140,000 every month from the Saudi government, which, in no uncertain terms — and despite a status as privileged U.S. ally — wages a bloody campaign of censorship, murder, suppression, human rights abuse, and worse against its civilian population, while bombing hospitals, schools, and aid convoys in neighboring nations. 
John Podesta previously served as President Bill Clinton’s chief of staff, founded the think tank Center for American Progress (which oh-so-coincidentally touts the need to reframe Saudi Arabia’s hopelessly tarnished image), counseled President Obama, and now chairs Hillary Clinton’s campaign. 
Tony Podesta acts as a foreign agent for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia — lobbying to influence government policy in favor of the Kingdom — while also contributing to and bundling for Hillary Clinton’s campaign. 
Think about that for a moment. 
One brother uses the influence of money to both affect United States foreign policy and infuse the Clinton campaign with cash — while the other wields the influence of power as a political insider for the same entities. 
As the Washington Post reported months ago in July, Tony Podesta’s lobbying efforts “raised $268,000 for the campaign and $31,000 for the victory fund.” 
“The Saudis hired the Podesta Group in 2015 because it was getting hammered in the press over civilian casualties from its airstrikes in Yemen and its crackdown on political dissidents at home, including sentencing blogger Raif Badawi to ten years in prison and 1,000 lashes for ‘insulting Islam,’” Alternet reported . “Since then, Tony Podesta’s fingerprints have been all over Saudi Arabia’s advocacy efforts in Washington DC. When Saudi Arabia executed the prominent nonviolent Shia dissident Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, causing protests throughout the Shia world and inflaming sectarian divisions, The New York Times noted that the Podesta Group provided the newspaper with a Saudi commentator who defended the execution.” 
Notably, the Saudis’ reputation has only worsened as further atrocities pile up — concerning not only a record number of barbaric beheadings this year, but suspiciously reckless and errant U.S.-backed coalition bombings of civilian sites in several regions of active conflict. 
Additionally, Tony Podesta’s status as a registered foreign agent for Saudi Arabia is at least obliquely discussed in an email from April 15, 2015 — ironically revealed by Wikileaks’ publishing of his brothers personal communiques — in which former Clinton Foundation chief development officer and now campaign national finance director Dennis Cheng wrote to a small group of insiders: 
“Hi all – we do need to make a decision on this ASAP as our friends who happen to be registered with FARA [Foreign Agents Registration Act] are already donating and raising. 
“I do want to push back a bit (it’s my job!): I feel like we are leaving a good amount of money on the table (both for primary and general, and then DNC and state parties)… and how do we explain to people that we’ll take money from a corporate lobbyist but not them; that the Foundation takes $ from foreign govts but we now won’t. Either way, we need to make a decision soon.” 
To which general counsel to the Clinton campaign, attorney Marc Elias, replied [all errors original and emphasis added], 
“Responding to all on this. I was not on the call this morning, but I lean away from a bright line rule here. It seems odd to say that someone who represents Alberta, Canada can’t give, but a lobbyist for Phillip Morris can. Just as we vet lobbyists case by case, I would do the same with FARA. While this may lead to a large number of FARA registrants being denied, it would not be a flat our ban. A total ban feels arbitrary and will engender the same eye-rolling and ill will that it did for Obama.” 
As the exchange continues, how to precisely handle the campaign’s image with potentially controversial donors — while, at all costs, maintaining the flow of cash — becomes even more apparent. As strategist and campaign manager Robby Mook responds, 
“Where do we draw the line though?” 
Elias suggests a particularly intricate solution: 
“If we do it case by case, then it will be subjective. We would look at who the donor is and what foreign entity they are registered for. In judging whether to take the money, we would consider the relationship between that country and the United States, its relationship to the State Department during Hillary’s time as Secretary, and its relationship, if any, to the Foundation. In judging the individual, we would look at their history of support for political candidates generally and Hillary’s past campaigns specifically. 
“Put simply, we would use the same criteria we use for lobbyists, except with a somewhat more stringent screen. 
“As a legal matter, I am not saying we have to do this – we can decide to simply ban foreign registrants entirely. I’m just offering this up as a middle ground.” 
Mook eventually decides plainly, 
“Marc made a convincing case to me this am that these sorts of restrictions don’t really get you anything…that Obama actually got judged MORE harshly as a result. He convinced me. So…in a complete U-turn, I’m ok just taking the money and dealing with any attacks. Are you guys ok with that?” 
All of this political wrangling appears to have had the desired effect — despite increasing calls for the United States to either rein in or sever completely its support for the bloody Saudi regime — the U.S. approved a stunning $1.29 billion sale of smart bombs to the Kingdom in November 2015. 
Tony Podesta’s specific contract with the government-run Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court, which will earn $1.68 million by year’s end, does, indeed, suggest the infusion of a pro-Saudi message into the U.S. media propaganda machine. 
“Saudi Arabia is consistently one of the bigger players when it comes to foreign influence in Washington,” Sunlight Foundation spokesman Josh Stewart told the Washington Post . “That spans both what you’d call the inside game, which is lobbying and government relations, and the outside game, which is PR and other things that tend to reach a broader audience than just lobbying.” 
That broader audience — the American public — has indeed been manipulated courtesy of at least the thoroughly-corrupt Clinton campaign if not surreptitiously by the Saudis, as well. 
As The Free Thought Project has repeatedly reported , the evidence of collusion among the Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton’s campaign, and the mainstream presstitutes is indisputable — including no less than 65 so-called journalists listed by name in various leaks as darlings of the campaign. 
Although this level of corruption and collusion would be considered intolerable in nearly any other nation on the planet. And yet, at the center of this shit storm of contention is an official nominee for the White House — who will not be held responsible for any number of questionable and criminal acts. 
The system isn’t rigged — it’s performing exactly as intended — and always will as long as the vote validates its existence. Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
19764,"Заседание Международного дискуссионного клуба «Валдай», Владимир В. Путин","Заседание Международного дискуссионного клуба «Валдай» Владимир В. Путин Сеть Вольтер | Сочи (Россия) | 27 октября 2016 English français Т.Колтон (как переведено): Добрый день, дамы и господа! Меня зовут Тимоти Колтон. Я знаком со многими присутствующими сегодня здесь. Мне чрезвычайно приятно, что меня попросили выступить модератором этой последней сессии в 2016 году в рамках Валдайского дискуссионного клуба, так мы его называем.
Хотел бы особо приветствовать нашего основного выступающего – это Владимир Владимирович Путин, Президент Российской Федерации. Он нашёл время, чтобы приехать сюда, принять участие. Мы знаем, как он занят. Мы также высоко ценим его готовность отвечать на наши вопросы.
В какой‑то момент, когда Вы выйдете на пенсию, господин Президент, и напишете свои мемуары, попытайтесь подумать, сколько времени Вы потратили на ответы и вопросы. Я уверен, Вы будете поражены этим. Мы очень благодарим Вас за это. Спасибо за то, что Вы с нами сегодня.
Позвольте мне также представить других участников сегодняшней сессии. Я представлю их в том порядке, в котором они будут выступать. Прежде всего Тарья Халонен, которая сидит справа от господина Президента. У неё была блестящая карьера, в течение 12 лет она была президентом соседа Российской Федерации – Финляндской Республики, до 2012 года. Затем выступит господин Хайнц Фишер, который сидит слева от Президента Путина. У него также очень длинная, разнообразная карьера. Совсем недавно он вышел в отставку с поста президента Австрийской Республики, он занимал этот пост с 2004 года до 2016 года. Сейчас в Австрии нет президента, к сожалению, но это уже другая история.
Третий выступающий, я хотел бы представить его, господин Табо Мбеки, ещё один человек с длительной карьерой. С 1999 года по 2008 год он занимал пост президента Южно-Африканской Республики.
Я не думаю, что я должен представлять Андрея Быстрицкого. Он активно участвует в наших встречах, но он всё‑таки коротко остановится на встрече Валдайского клуба здесь. Он возглавляет Совет, занимающийся Валдайским форумом.
Пожалуйста, Андрей, слово Вам.
А.Быстрицкий: Спасибо большое.
Уважаемый господин Президент! Уважаемые гости и модератор! Уважаемые участники Валдайского форума!
Мы собрались на заключительное пленарное заседание нашей ежегодной большой Валдайской конференции. За три дня работы, как мне представляется, мы проделали большой путь. И, как мне кажется, эта конференция была исключительно интересной. Мы обсуждали, что уже сегодня определяет завтра, наше будущее. В общем, мы сконцентрировались примерно на пяти сферах современной жизни, положение дел в которых, мы видим, это будущее и определяет.
Это международные отношения, это экономика, это демография и миграция, это технологии и общественное устройство. Эти сферы важны по очевидным причинам. От международных отношений в прямом смысле зависят вопросы войны и мира, от экономики – общая возможность развития человечества. Демографические и миграционные проблемы способны поколебать стабильность очень многих стран. А технологии в состоянии изменить все наши представления о том, что возможно и что невозможно в этом мире.
И наконец, внутреннее устройство страны, оно, впрочем, как и всегда, но сейчас в иной форме влияет в том числе и на внешнюю политику этих стран. И, в общем, конференция прояснила много вопросов, впрочем, поставила и много новых. С одной стороны, вроде бы все сошлись на том, что современный мир немыслим без международных институтов и международного права, хотя их нынешнее состояние представляется не идеальным и мир нуждается как в развитии, так и в улучшении уже действующих, а может быть, и создании чего‑то нового и дополнительного.
Естественно, интересно и то, что, обсуждая противоречия, которые естественным образом возникают между крупными мировыми игроками, большинство сошлось на том, что эти противоречия всё же не являются непреодолимыми, что шанс, хотя и не безусловный, преодолеть их и договориться есть. Любопытно, но многие ответили, что при сохранении по‑прежнему важной роли США влияние многих государств, прежде всего таких, как Китай, Индия, Россия, растёт, а о Западной Европе так сказать нельзя, при всей экономической мощи в политическом отношении её возможности и активность представляются недостаточными. Более того, возможно, они уменьшаются в сравнении с растущей Азией и Россией.
Обсуждались и те сферы, которые если и зависимы от политики властей, то не прямо, это уже упомянутые технологии и миграции, например. В ходе дискуссии о миграции, которая называлась «Мир после переселения народов», прозвучала мысль о том, что правильнее назвать не «мир после», а «мир до переселения народов», поскольку, возможно, главные миграционные волны и самые главные угрозы ещё впереди.
О технологиях тоже было сказано немало, и хотя сегодня мы понимаем их возрастающую мощь и даже видим отдельные серьёзные последствия, но всё же сколько‑нибудь полного понимания о масштабах и влиянии и долгосрочных последствиях у нас нет. Отчасти вследствие этого, мы сегодня об этом говорили, Валдайский клуб совместно с Всероссийским центром изучения общественного мнения попытается с помощью нового, нами разрабатываемого индекса измерить уровень готовности стран к будущему.
Кроме того, чрезвычайно интересными были две специальные сессии: по Ближнему Востоку и по Европе. Высказывались весьма разные точки зрения, подчас полярные.
Также мне кажется, что очень интересно прошли встречи с Игорем Ивановичем Шуваловым, с Вячеславом Викторовичем Володиным, с Сергеем Викторовичем Лавровым, Алексеем Леонидовичем Кудриным. Здесь у нас принимала участие Элла Александровна Памфилова в дискуссиях и многие, многие другие очень известные российские и не только российские учёные, деятели и так далее.
В общем, конечно, рассказать в три минуты о том, что было в три дня, невозможно. Но мы, как всегда, подготовим доклад по итогам Валдайского клуба и, естественно, представим его вашему взыскательному вниманию.
Спасибо большое.
Т.Колтон: Очень хорошо.
А теперь давайте перейдём к делам. У нас потрясающая тема: как вы видите эту философию международного развития в интересах нового мира? И это вызывает в памяти серьёзные вопросы, которые, на мой взгляд, могут дать нам возможность двигаться в разных направлениях, послушать разнообразные комментарии, различные точки зрения.
Философия – это очень требовательное слово, однако, когда речь идёт о международном развитии, я думаю, что это подходящее слово. Вчера я провёл поиск Google и использовал слова «международное развитие», «философия». Результатов было 13 миллионов. Так что очень много слов потрачено на описание этой темы. Однако она настолько сложна, настолько многоаспектна, что есть элементы, заслуживающие дополнительного исследования, в особенности в свете того, что мы видим в интернете, в газетах, где заголовки в основном касаются вопросов конфликтов, безопасности и так далее.
Так что очень просто забыть о повестке дня в области развития, а она между тем очень масштабна, она преображает наш мир. Удивительно, каким образом эти компоненты складываются воедино, как они отражаются на нашей парадигме развития. Если раньше это был вашингтонский консенсус, сейчас он подвергается нападкам со всех сторон.
Очень удивительно смотреть на то, что происходит с официальной помощью развитию, это особый компонент развития. Совсем недавно такая помощь в основном доминировала ограниченным числом стран, это богатые страны, которые имеют развитую промышленную систему и выделяли основную часть помощи. Сейчас же появились новые доноры, которые ранее были реципиентами помощи.
Такие, например, как страны БРИКС, в том числе Южная Африка, Южная Корея, Саудовская Аравия, Турция, Венесуэла, Чили, Таиланд. Усложняется ситуация ещё и тем, что многие из этих доноров новых по‑прежнему остаются и реципиентами помощи, то есть категория получателя помощи и выделителя её несколько размыта.
А сейчас я передаю слово Президенту Путину. Пожалуйста.
В.Путин: Уважаемые Тарья, Хайнц, Табо! Уважаемые коллеги, дамы и господа!
Я тоже очень рад нашей новой встрече. И хочу прежде всего поблагодарить российских и зарубежных участников Международного клуба «Валдай» за содержательное участие в его работе, а наших уважаемых гостей – за готовность принять участие в открытой дискуссии.
Наш уважаемый модератор пожелал мне благополучно выйти на пенсию, я тоже себе этого желаю, когда время придёт, это очень правильно, это нужно сделать. Но пока я ещё не на пенсии, действующий руководитель большой державы, я должен быть сдержанным, не проявлять в своих выражениях излишней агрессивности. Собственно говоря, я и не думаю, что это мой стиль.
Тем не менее полагаю, что особенно в этой аудитории мы должны быть откровенны друг с другом, должны вести открытую дискуссию, иначе она не имеет смысла, она будет постной и абсолютно неинтересной.
Такой стиль нашего общения, действительно, на мой взгляд, сегодня чрезвычайно востребован, потому что на фоне масштабных перемен, которые происходят на планете, тема нынешнего заседания «Валдая» – «Будущее начинается сегодня: контуры завтрашнего мира» – звучит очень актуально.
В прошлом году в рамках Валдайского форума мы говорили о неустроенности миропорядка. К сожалению, за прошедшие месяцы к лучшему мало что изменилось, если быть откровенным – ничего к лучшему не изменилось.
Противоречия, связанные с перераспределением экономической мощи и политического влияния, только нарастают, груз взаимного недоверия сужает наши возможности для того, чтобы эффективно отвечать на стоящие перед мировым сообществом реальные вызовы и реальные угрозы. По сути в кризисе оказался сам проект глобализации, а в Европе говорят уже – мы это хорошо знаем, слышим – о несостоятельности мультикультурализма.
Считаю, что такая ситуация – во многом следствие ошибочного, поспешного, а в чём‑то и самоуверенного выбора, сделанного элитами некоторых государств четверть века назад. Тогда, на рубеже 80 – 90-х годов, был шанс не просто ускорить процессы глобализации, а придать им качественно иной, гармоничный, устойчивый характер.
Однако, посчитав себя победителями в «холодной войне», – не посчитав, а мы слышали, прямо рассуждая об этом, некоторые страны предпочли просто начать «перелицовывать» мировой политический и экономический порядок под себя, под свои интересы.
Находясь в явной эйфории, они по сути отказались от содержательного, равноправного диалога с другими участниками международной жизни, предпочли не создавать и совершенствовать универсальные институты, а попытались распространить на весь мир действие своих собственных структур, норм и правил, пошли по пути глобализации и безопасности «для себя, любимых», для избранных, а не для всех. Оказалось, что далеко не все с этим согласны.
Что греха таить, мы с вами прекрасно знаем и понимаем: многие были не согласны, но кто‑то уже не мог этому противостоять, а кто‑то ещё не был к этому готов. Но в результате, тем не менее, систему международных отношений лихорадит, глобальная экономика не может выйти из системного кризиса. При этом принципы и правила – как в политике, так и в экономике – постоянно перетасовываются, зачастую выворачивается наизнанку то, что совсем недавно считалось истиной, возводилось в догму.
Если сегодня «сильным мира сего» выгодны какие‑то стандарты или нормы, они заставляют подчиняться им и всех остальных. Но если завтра такие стандарты начинают мешать, их немедленно отправляют «в корзину», объявляют устаревшими и устанавливают новые правила или пытаются это сделать.
Так было принято решение о нанесении ракетно-бомбовых ударов в центре Европы, по Белграду; по Ираку, затем по Ливии. Да и, собственно говоря, в Афганистане операция началась без соответствующего решения Совета Безопасности Организации Объединённых Наций. Стремясь изменить в свою пользу стратегический баланс, сломали и международно-правовой режим, запрещавший развёртывание новых систем противоракетной обороны. Создали и накачали оружием террористические группировки, жестокость которых толкает миллионы мирных людей к бегству, переселению, миграции, а целые регионы ввергает в хаос.
Мы видим, как жертвуют свободой торговли и используют так называемые санкции для политического давления, в обход Всемирной торговой организации пытаются формировать закрытые экономические альянсы с жёсткими правилами и барьерами, где главные выгодоприобретатели – свои транснациональные корпорации. Почему это происходит, мы тоже знаем: не удаётся решить в рамках ВТО накопившиеся проблемы, значит, в стороночку отодвинем все эти правила и саму организацию и создадим новую. Это именно то, о чём я только что сказал.
При этом мы не видим желания некоторых наших партнёров решать реальные международные проблемы. В созданных ещё во время «холодной войны» и явно переживших свой век структурах, таких, например, как НАТО, несмотря на все разговоры о необходимости адаптации к новым условиям никакой реальной адаптации к новым условиям не происходит. А такой важный механизм обеспечения общеевропейской, да и трансатлантической безопасности, как ОБСЕ, постоянно пытаются превратить в инструмент обслуживания чьих‑то внешнеполитических интересов. И в результате этот важнейший инструмент работает вхолостую.
При этом постоянно штампуются угрозы – вымышленные, мифические, вроде пресловутой «российской военной угрозы». Действительно, это прибыльное занятие: можно новые военные бюджеты выбивать в своих собственных странах, нагибать союзников под интересы одной сверхдержавы, расширить НАТО, приблизить инфраструктуру альянса, боевые подразделения, новую технику к нашим границам.
Конечно, очень приятно, подчас и выгодно, выдавать себя за защитников цивилизации от каких‑то новых варваров. Однако дело в том, что Россия‑то ни на кого нападать не собирается. Да и смешно это: я ведь тоже читаю и ваши аналитические материалы, не только присутствующих здесь в зале, но и аналитиков из тех же Соединённых Штатов, из Европы.
Немыслимо просто, глупо и нереалистично. В одной Европе – 300 миллионов, все члены НАТО; с США общая численность населения – 600 миллионов человек, наверно. В России 146 миллионов всего сейчас. Просто смешно даже об этом говорить. Нет, это всё равно используется для достижения своих политических целей.
К числу мифических, придуманных проблем относится и развёрнутая в США истерия, по‑другому не могу сказать, по поводу влияния России на ход нынешних выборов американского Президента. Казалось бы, в Америке действительно множество острых, действительно насущных проблем – от колоссального государственного долга до роста насилия с применением огнестрельного оружия и фактов полицейского произвола.
И, наверное, в ходе выборов разговор должен был бы идти именно об этом, о других нерешённых проблемах. Но, видимо, сказать элите особенно нечего, нечем общество успокоить. Поэтому куда проще отвлечь внимание людей на российских так называемых хакеров, шпионов, агентов влияния и так далее, и тому подобное.
Хочу задаться вопросом и вам этот вопрос задать: неужели кто‑то всерьёз думает, что Россия может как‑то повлиять на выбор американского народа? Америка – это какая‑то «банановая страна», что ли? Америка – это великая держава. Если я не прав, поправьте меня, пожалуйста.
Возникает вопрос: если дальше всё будет развиваться в таком русле, что ждёт мир? Каким он будет завтра? Есть ли ответы на вопросы, как обеспечить стабильность, безопасность, устойчивость экономического роста? Как повысить благосостояние людей?
Как это ни печально признать, никакого консенсуса на этот счёт в мире нет. Не знаю, может быть, в ходе состоявшихся дискуссий вы пришли к такому общему выводу, мне было бы, конечно, интересно об этом услышать. Но существует, совершенно точно, дефицит стратегии и идеологии будущего. Это создаёт атмосферу неуверенности, которая прямо влияет на общественные настроения.
Социологические исследования, проводимые по всей планете, показывают, что жителям разных стран и континентов будущее, к огромному нашему сожалению, чаще всего кажется смутным и мрачным. Будущее не зовёт, оно пугает. При этом люди не видят реальных возможностей и механизмов что‑либо изменить, как‑то повлиять на ход событий, на выбор политики.
Да, формально все атрибуты демократии в современных странах налицо: выборы, свобода слова, доступ к информации, право выражать своё мнение. Однако даже в так называемых развитых демократиях у большинства граждан нет реального влияния на политические процессы, нет прямого, реального влияния на власть.
Граждане чувствуют, что их интересы и представления элит о единственно правильном курсе, который эти элиты выбирают, всё чаще и больше расходятся между собой. Как следствие – референдумы, выборы всё чаще преподносят сюрпризы, сюрпризы для власти. Люди голосуют совсем не так, как им советовали официальные, респектабельные средства массовой информации, и не так, как это рекомендуют так называемые системные партии. А общественные движения, которые ещё совсем недавно считались слишком «левыми» или слишком «правыми», выходят на авансцену, оттесняя политических тяжеловесов.
Сперва такие неудобные результаты поспешили объявить некой аномалией, случайностью. Когда они стали повторяться, заговорили о том, что общество не понимает тех, кто находится на олимпе власти, не доросло до того, чтобы оценить устремления властных структур, заботу о народном благе, а то и вовсе доходят до истерики, мол, это следствие зарубежной, как правило, российской пропаганды.
Я вам скажу, уважаемые друзья и коллеги, хотелось бы мне иметь такую пропагандистскую машину в России, но это, к сожалению, не так. У нас нет таких глобальных средств массовой информации, как CNN, BBC и некоторые другие, у нас таких возможностей пока нет.
Что касается тезиса о торжестве маргиналов, популистов над здравомыслящим, трезвым, ответственным меньшинством, то дело, конечно, и не в популистах и иже с ними, а дело в том, что простые люди, рядовые граждане перестают доверять правящему классу, вот в чём проблема.
Кстати, политическая повестка и так уже выхолощена, выборы перестают быть инструментом перемен, а сводятся к скандалам, обсуждению компроматов. Простите меня, к обсуждению того, кто кого за что ущипнул, кто с кем спит. Это просто переходит всякие границы. Да и, честно говоря, если посмотреть на программы различных кандидатов, то такое впечатление, что они вообще скроены по одним и тем же лекалам, разница‑то небольшая или её вообще, по сути, нет.
Элита словно не замечает углубляющегося расслоения в обществе и размывания среднего класса, и при этом насаждают идеологические модели, которые, на мой взгляд, разрушают культурную, национальную идентичность. А в некоторых случаях, в некоторых странах и жертвуют национальными интересами, отказываются от суверенитета в обмен на благосклонность сюзерена.
Резонно возникает вопрос: так кто же, в самом деле, маргинален? Расширяющийся класс наднациональной олигархии и бюрократии, часто фактически не избираемый и не контролируемый обществом, или большинство граждан, которое хочет, в общем‑то, простых и понятных вещей: стабильности, свободного развития своих стран, жизненных перспектив для себя и своих детей, сохранения своего культурного лица, а главное, элементарной безопасности для себя и своих близких.
Так, люди откровенно напуганы тем, что на их глазах терроризм из какой‑то далёкой угрозы стал повседневностью, что теракт может произойти буквально рядом, на соседней улице, если не на собственной улице, а орудием массового убийства способно стать любое подручное средство: от изготовленной кустарным способом взрывчатки до обычного грузовика.
Более того, теракты последних лет в Бостоне, других американских городах, в Париже, Брюсселе, Ницце, в городах ФРГ, да, к сожалению, в нашей стране, показывают, что террористам уже не нужны ни ячейки, ни организационные структуры, они могут действовать и в одиночку, автономно, достаточно лишь идеологически их мотивировать и направить на врага, на нас с вами.
На примере террористической опасности со всей очевидностью проявляется неспособность оценить характер, причины возникновения нарастания угроз. Мы видим это по тому, как развивается ситуация в Сирии. Остановить кровопролитие и запустить политический процесс не удаётся. Казалось бы, после долгих переговоров, огромных усилий и сложных компромиссов наконец начал формироваться единый фронт борьбы с терроризмом.
Однако этого не произошло, он фактически не создан. Не сработали и наши личные договорённости с Президентом Соединённых Штатов, в Вашингтоне нашлись силы, которые сделали всё, чтобы эти договорённости не были реализованы на практике. Всё это демонстрирует необъяснимое, я бы сказал, иррациональное стремление западных стран раз за разом повторять свои ошибки, как у нас в народе говорят, наступать на одни и те же грабли.
Все мы видим, что происходит в том же Афганистане, Ираке, Ливии, ряде других стран. Я задаюсь вопросом: где результаты борьбы с терроризмом и экстремизмом? По большому счёту, в глобальном масштабе, регионально где‑то, в отдельных местах результаты есть, но глобально результатов борьбы с терроризмом нет, а угрозы только нарастают.
Мы все помним эйфорию некоторых столиц по поводу так называемой «арабской весны». Где сегодня эти бравурные марши? А призывы России к совместной борьбе с террористами игнорируются. Более того, террористические группировки продолжают вооружать, снабжать, обучать в надежде использовать их, как и прежде, для достижения своих политических целей. Это очень опасная игра, и хочу ещё раз обратиться к подобным игрокам: в данном случае экстремисты хитрее, умнее и сильнее вас, и, заигрывая с ними, вы всегда будете проигрывать.
Уважаемые участники форума! Очевидно, что сейчас мировому сообществу важно сосредоточиться на действительно реальных проблемах, стоящих перед всем человечеством, решение которых позволит сделать мир и безопасным, и стабильным, а систему международных отношений равноправной и справедливой. И, как уже говорил, в конечном счёте превратить глобализацию из глобализации для избранных в глобализацию для всех. Убеждён, любые вызовы и угрозы можно преодолеть только сообща, на прочной основе международного права и Устава Организации Объединённых Наций.
Сегодня именно ООН продолжает оставаться структурой, которой нет равных по представительности и универсальности, уникальной площадкой для равноправного диалога. Универсальные правила ООН необходимы, чтобы включить как можно большее число стран в процесс экономической и гуманитарной интеграции, гарантировать их политическую ответственность и обеспечить согласованность действий, разумеется, при сохранении суверенитета и своей модели развития.
У нас нет сомнения, суверенитет – это центральное понятие всей системы международных отношений. Его уважение, укрепление – это залог мира, стабильности и на национальном, и на международном уровне. Стран, которые, как Россия, могут опереться на тысячелетнюю историю, в мире немало, и мы научились ценить свою идентичность, свободу и независимость. При этом мы не стремимся ни к глобальному доминированию, ни к экспансии какой‑то, ни к конфронтации с кем бы то ни было.
В нашем понимании настоящее лидерство сегодня заключается не в том, чтобы выдумывать эфемерные угрозы и, спекулируя на них, пытаться подмять под себя остальных, а в том, чтобы видеть реальные проблемы, содействовать объединению усилий государств в их решении. И именно так Россия понимает сегодня свою роль в мировых делах.
Приоритеты, без которых благополучное будущее нашей общей планеты немыслимо, абсолютно очевидны. Не скажу ничего нового. Прежде всего это равная и неделимая безопасность для всех государств. Только прекратив вооружённые конфликты и обеспечив мирное развитие всех стран, мы сможем говорить об экономическом прогрессе, решении социальных, гуманитарных и других ключевых проблем. Важно на деле бороться с терроризмом и экстремизмом. Уже не раз говорилось о том, что победить это зло можно, только объединив усилия всех государств мира. Россия предлагала и предлагает до сих пор это всем заинтересованным нашим партнёрам.
Необходимо поставить в международную повестку и вопрос о восстановлении прочной государственности, экономики и социальной сферы стран Ближнего Востока. Колоссальный масштаб разрушений требует сегодня выработки долгосрочной и комплексной программы, если хотите, своего рода «план Маршалла» для возрождения этого истерзанного войнами и конфликтами региона. И Россия, конечно, готова принять активное участие в такой совместной работе.
Мир нельзя сделать стабильным, если не обеспечить поступательное развитие глобальной экономики. Важно создать условия для созидательного труда и экономического роста, обеспечить темпы экономического роста так, чтобы мир не был больше разделён на вечно проигрывающих и вечно выигрывающих. Правила игры должны быть такими, чтобы развивающиеся экономики имели шанс хотя бы догнать тех, кого мы называем экономиками развитыми. Нужно добиваться выравнивания темпов экономического развития, подтягивать отстающие страны и регионы, чтобы плоды экономического роста и технологического развития были доступны всем, в том числе это позволит победить одну из самых тяжелейших проблем современности – бедность.
Абсолютно очевидно и то, что экономическое сотрудничество должно быть взаимовыгодным и базироваться на всеобщих универсальных принципах, чтобы каждое государство могло стать равноправным участником мировой хозяйственной жизни. Да, в среднесрочной перспективе тенденция на регионализацию мировой экономики, видимо, продолжится, но региональные торговые соглашения должны дополнять, развивать, а не подменять универсальные нормы и правила.
Россия выступает за гармонизацию региональных экономических форматов на основе принципов прозрачности и уважения интересов друг друга. Именно так мы выстраиваем деятельность Евразийского экономического союза, ведём переговоры с нашими партнёрами, в том числе о сопряжении с реализуемым Китаем проектом «Экономического пояса Шёлкового пути». Рассчитываем, что это позволит создать большое Евразийское партнёрство, которое в перспективе может превратиться и в один из центров формирования в Евразии широкого интеграционного контура. Для воплощения этой идеи уже начаты переговоры в формате «пять плюс один» по соглашению о торгово-экономическом сотрудничестве между всеми участниками этого процесса.
Важная задача – это развитие человеческого потенциала. Только мир с широкими возможностями для всех, с высококвалифицированными работниками, доступными знаниями, богатством путей самореализации может считаться по‑настоящему свободным. Только мир, в котором люди разных стран живут полноценной жизнью, а не борются за выживание, может быть стабильным.
Достойное будущее невозможно без заботы об экологии, конечно, и решения климатических проблем. Поэтому сохранение природного богатства и его многообразия, снижение антропогенной нагрузки на окружающую среду в ближайшие десятилетия станут всё более значимым делом.
Не менее важна и задача глобальной охраны здоровья. Безусловно, здесь немало проблем с масштабными эпидемиями, снижением смертности в ряде регионов мира и множество, множество других. Здесь же огромное поле для развития, конечно. Дать жителям планеты, причём всем опять же, а не избранным, возможность по‑настоящему здоровой, долгой, полноценной жизни – это очень благородная цель. Словом, фундамент для будущего мира нужно, безусловно, искать уже сегодня, вкладывая средства во все приоритетные направления развития человечества. И конечно, важно, чтобы контуры нашего общего будущего широко обсуждались, чтобы все здравые, перспективные предложения были услышаны.
Уважаемые коллеги, дамы и господа! Не сомневаюсь, что в этой работе вы – члены Валдайского клуба – примете самое активное участие. Ваш высокий экспертный потенциал, уровень позволяет всесторонне оценить процессы, происходящие и в России у нас, и в мире, увидеть, спрогнозировать развитие долгосрочных тенденций, дать им оценки, идеи подтолкнуть новые и рекомендации предоставить, которые помогут нам найти путь к более благополучному и более стабильному будущему, в котором мы все так нуждаемся.
Спасибо вам большое за внимание!
Т.Колтон: Спасибо большое, господин Путин.
А сейчас хотел бы предоставить слово госпоже Халонен. Она так же, как я понимаю, выступит от трибуны.
Т.Халонен (как переведено): Господин Президент! Ваши превосходительства! Дамы и господа! Уважаемые участники!
Большое спасибо за организацию Валдайского клуба, спасибо, что пригласили меня поучаствовать в этих обсуждениях. Тема очень интересная, своевременная, как было уже отмечено. И мы видим новую динамику, которая влияет на всех нас, на глобальный мировой порядок, на региональные дела. Я очень рада тому, что мои коллеги, мои хорошие друзья – бывший президент Австрийской Республики господин Фишер, а также господин Путин – со мной сегодня разделяют трибуну. Мы сотрудничали на протяжении последних десятилетий вместе, и мы разделяем многие идеи о том, как мы бы хотели, чтобы мир развивался в будущем. Поэтому я думаю, что обсуждения будут очень открытыми, откровенными.
Философия международного развития для нового мира используется в заголовке наших обсуждений, и она напоминает мне о тех годах Горбачёва, говорившего о новом мировом порядке. Новый мировой порядок произошёл частично, как предусматривалось, а частично не так, как предусматривалось. И я не уверена, можем ли мы говорить действительно о порядке. Конечно же, мы приветствуем оптимизм, мы многого добились, мир действительно изменился. Тем не менее, думаю, не все понимают, что мир будет состоять из многих игроков. И что это значит, когда у нас так много игроков одновременно?
Коллективные глобальные действия сталкиваются со многими сложностями, в частности в сфере глобальной политики безопасности. Таким образом, люди говорят, что изменения всегда представляют собой возможность. Но сегодня, несмотря на усилия, направленные на стабилизацию международных отношений, глобальной экономики и благосостояния, как уже сказал Президент Путин, у нас есть проблема того, как справляться с кризисами.
И действительно, очень много вызовов и проблем стоит перед нами. Что же я наблюдала во время участия в различных форумах за последние годы, особенно во время своего президентства? Люди всегда говорят, что этот мир – это мир полной неопределённости. Это действительно так. Люди чувствуют каждый день, что они очень сомневаются в будущем, и иногда это очень парадоксально, поскольку мы настолько продвинулись вперёд.
В любом случае это мир, в котором мы живём, мир, в котором нам нужно строить фундамент для устойчивого будущего, и если мы будем ждать, лучше не станет, и мы должны быть в состоянии работать на различных фронтах. И хотя, к сожалению, конфликты по‑прежнему имеют место и становятся всё более гибридными по своей природе, нам нужно понимать, что представляет собой устойчивое развитие. Возможно, нам уже известно, каким может быть порядок в будущем. Конечно, СМИ всегда заинтересованы в освещении конфликтов, но хочу рассказать вам о том, что будет в будущем.
Повестка, принятая Организацией Объединённых Наций в сентябре 2015 года до 2030 года, представляет собой мощную основу для дальнейшей работы. И именно Организация Объединённых Наций объединила все крупные державы, основных игроков, и мы добились успеха. Мне очень приятно сознавать, что борьба с нищетой и неравенством является центральным элементом этой повестки дня, в особенности неравенство гендерное.
С момента саммита в Рио, думаю, что мы все заявили о том, что мы слишком сильно используем свои природные ресурсы. Однако, к сожалению, мы недостаточно использовали человеческий потенциал, в особенности потенциал женщин, бедного населения, а также молодых людей. И когда я смотрю на этот зал, я вижу, что многое уже меняется.
Очень серьёзная политическая воля была проявлена в 2015 году. Однако сейчас необходимо сдержать сделанные обещания, лидеры должны будут сделать то, что они взяли на себя в качестве ответственности. У нас есть ресурсы, у нас есть необходимые научные знания. Стоит вопрос о политической воле. Во‑первых, это морально необходимо и абсолютно нужно. Более того, речь идёт о создании интеллектуальной экономики, о правильном, умном выборе, и я уверена, что мы сможем добиться успеха.
Организация Объединённых Наций традиционно базировалась на трёх основах. Во‑первых, на безопасности, правах человека и развитии. Что касается развития и прав человека, мне кажется, что удалось на историческом отрезке добиться серьёзного успеха. К сожалению, конфликты по‑прежнему очень ожесточённые, полны насилия, они стали куда сильнее и куда более многочисленными, нежели мы надеялись бы. Однако, как я сказала, к несчастью, не закончился период катастроф и проблем.
Традиционные угрозы, может быть, становятся реже, однако вооружённые конфликты поражают многие страны. Гражданское общество, женщины и дети являются целью таких конфликтов, к сожалению. Я считаю, что это трагедия. Я работала с организациями системы ООН, с различными группами для того, чтобы способствовать благополучию, здоровью, безопасности женщин и детей. Ужасно видеть то, что происходит в Сирии, в Йемене, во многих других местах.
Однако давайте посмотрим на картину ещё с другой стороны. Очень грустно, мы видим, что военная сила, которая используется, может быть слишком сильной. И я должна сказать, что порой нам приходится пользоваться военной силой для того, чтобы положить конец насилию. Но каким образом? Мы не можем принять, чтобы люди страдали, гражданское население страдало, в особенности дети.
Более того, мы знаем, что в рамках глобализации всем хорошо известно, что происходит по всему миру. Так что мы в качестве населения реагируем на то, что происходит в других частях мира. Люди понимают, что справедливо, что хорошо, а что нет. И то, что хорошо, должно получать от нас поддержку. Такова основа моей философии.
Позвольте привести только один пример для того, чтобы завершить своё выступление. Я из Финляндии, из Хельсинки, из рабочего класса. В моей церкви 24 октября очень долго звонят колокола для того, чтобы помянуть жертв среди гражданского населения в Алеппо. Это гуманитарное движение распространилось по всей территории Финляндии, а сейчас перекинулось и на другие страны.
Церкви в Финляндии также стали прибежищем для тех, кто не получил статус беженца, но кто нуждается. Как вы видите, люди прекрасно понимают, что правильно, а что нет во многих странах, и они все говорят, что необходимо положить конец насилию в Сирии, Йемене, других местах. Они говорят о том, что мы должны быть больше людьми, более человечными по отношению друг к другу.
Господин Президент, господин Путин! Я была обеспокоена Вашим выступлением, потому что Вы нарисовали такую мрачную картину будущего, однако в конце Вы сказали, что есть всё‑таки проблеск надежды и есть воля к сотрудничеству. И хочу сказать, даже когда самые обычные люди, рядовые граждане, которые живут в серьёзных, стеснённых условиях, они все хотят, чтобы у них была надежда в будущем. Нам необходимо работать вместе для того, чтобы эта надежда воплотилась в жизнь. И мне очень приятно будет продолжать дискуссию.
Спасибо Вам!
Т.Колтон: Спасибо. Я благодарю Вас. А сейчас слово предоставляется господину Хайнцу Фишеру.
Х.Фишер (как переведено): Господин Президент! Уважаемая аудитория! Ваши превосходительства! Дамы и господа!
Прежде всего хотел бы поблагодарить организаторов этой встречи за направленное нам приглашение принять участие в Валдайской конференции, которая посвящена обмену мнениями о проблемах, о шансах, изменениях в международных отношениях. В частности, она посвящена вопросу о будущем международных отношений.
На мой взгляд, каждый желает знать, насколько это только возможно, каково будет будущее – будущее отдельно взятой личности, политическое будущее, экономическое будущее и так далее. Однако никогда не может быть удовлетворительного ответа на этот вопрос, потому что будущее – это не только результат воли человека, его личности, это также ещё и продукт объективных факторов. Но этого недостаточно, это очень сложная смесь двух этих компонентов, двух элементов. Есть множество философских течений, которые пытаются объяснить соотношения в этой смеси. Есть много интереснейших книг, в которых выражается различный подход к тому, как мы должны смотреть на будущее. Есть два основных направления мысли.
Во‑первых, некоторые считают, что в начале цивилизации, на заре, был золотой век, рай, а затем люди из‑за своих грехов пали. И они всё падали и падали, это падение продолжалось на протяжении истории. Согласно другому подходу говорится, что сперва существовал хаос, все воевали против всех, право сильного господствовало, насилие царствовало. Затем сложилось рабовладельческое общество, феодальное общество, наконец, капиталистическое общество, и в конце концов настал последний этап, когда причины антагонизма, насилия остались позади. Мне кажется, что ни тот, ни другой подход не подходит нам.
Сам я родился ещё до Второй мировой войны. Я помню о последних днях этой войны, помню, в частности, о сложных, но многообещающих временах восстановления после войны. Проблеском надежды, положительной чертой послевоенного времени нашей эры было подписание в 1955 году Соглашения о восстановлении суверенного Австрийского государства. И говорилось тогда в этом договоре о выводе иностранных войск из нашей страны. Мы считали, что этот момент положит начало положительному периоду успеха не только для Австрии, но и для всей Западной Европы.
Однако, к сожалению, одна тень нависла над этим положительным развитием. А именно, разделение Европы в ходе «холодной войны», а также возникла угроза «горячей войны». На излёте 90-х годов пропало разделение Европы, которое было главной причиной напряжённости. В тот момент казалось, что будущее будет светлым, что международные отношения будут развиваться хорошо и поступательно. Однако вновь развитие пошло по другому направлению, надежды, чаяния не оправдались.
Можно даже сказать, что те возможности, которые возникли в тот момент, не были задействованы полностью. Вновь было продемонстрировано, что история, как я только что сказал, не представляет собой линейный процесс, она развивается волнами, она качается от прогресса к регрессу, есть положительные изменения, есть отрицательные изменения. Конечно, прогресс – разница от континента к континенту, вне зависимости от глобализации.
Хотел бы сконцентрировать своё внимание на Европе и на соседнем регионе. Я по‑прежнему убеждён, что проект европейского сотрудничества, который был закреплён в виде идей, лежащих в основе Европейского союза, по‑прежнему необходим, это такое предприятие, которое нам нужно. Более того, европейское сотрудничество будет оставаться важной целью, важным стратегическим элементом в обозримом будущем.
Отчасти это объясняется тем, что, как мы слышали на протяжении многих дискуссий, Европейский союз отчасти лишился слаженности и своей привлекательности. Объясняется это недостаточным уровнем финансовой и экономической координации. Существуют различные интересы между государствами-членами, эти интересы всё более и более проявляются, возникают проблемы, европейская солидарность не работает так, как она должна работать.
Я должен упомянуть проблему беженцев. Европейский союз на фоне этой проблемы продемонстрировал отчасти свою несостоятельность и отсутствие солидарности. Отношения между ЕС и Российской Федерацией также развивались не так, как мы на то надеялись 25 лет назад. Я знаю аргументы, приводимые обеими сторонами относительно того, кто или что ответственны за такое развитие событий. Однако сейчас мы говорим ведь не о прошлом, мы говорим о будущем. И та, и другая сторона должны продемонстрировать, что они осознают важность отношений друг с другом. Европейский союз, в частности, не должен упускать из виду тот факт, что на протяжении последнего века развивались отношения между Европой и Россией, и что Москва иначе смотрит на развитие НАТО, и точка зрения Москвы отличается от брюссельской или вашингтонской.
Россия же должна принимать к сведению, она должна учитывать то, что некоторые действия, связанные с использованием военной силы, не соответствуют международному праву, они вызывают раздражение европейской публики и отражаются на политике ЕС. В частности, последний пример тому – Крым.
Алеппо – это символ того, каким образом сложно провести грань между борьбой с террористами, с одной стороны, и бомбардировками ни в чём неповинного населения. Я очень внимательно сегодня утром слушал дискуссию. Есть очень много проблем, которые сопряжены с этим процессом. Война в Сирии длится уже дольше, нежели Первая мировая война, и длится дольше, нежели вторжение Гитлера в Советский Союз во время Второй мировой войны.
Это ужасная война уже унесла сотни тысяч человеческих жизней, и она привела к ухудшению отношений между теми странами, которые даже не имеют общей границы с Сирией. Доверие было подорвано. Более того, этот процесс сопряжён с всплеском терроризма. Более того, терроризм порождает страх, страх порождает агрессию, а агрессия ведёт к возникновению фанатизма, с одной стороны, жёсткого национализма, что ставит под угрозу мир и свободу.
То же самое, пусть и несколько в другом масштабе, мы наблюдаем на примере палестино-израильского конфликта. Кажется, что решение этого конфликта как никогда далеко. Совсем недавно я присутствовал на похоронах Шимона Переса в Иерусалиме. Даже в слове на этих похоронах говорилось о том, что мир должен быть достигнут. Шимон часто говорил: «Невозможно Израилю безопасно существовать без мира». Нынешнее же правительство Израиля концентрируется не на мире, а на безопасности. Они утверждают, что без безопасности не может быть мира. Однако безопасность не может пользоваться приоритетом перед миром, и тот и другой фактор, и то и другое условие должны быть воплощены в жизнь одновременно.
Дамы и господа, можно задаться вопросом: есть ли какие‑то положительные аспекты, есть ли какие‑то положительные возможности, таящиеся в будущем? Ответ – да. Соглашение между «пятёркой» и «пять плюс один» в формате с Ираном по иранской ядерной программе – это хороший пример успеха.
Ещё один пример успеха – это успешное подписание Парижского соглашения по изменению климата. Это первый положительный шаг, хотя многое ещё предстоит сделать для того, чтобы решить эту проблему в целом. Европейская интеграция как таковая, даже невзирая на ряд негативных тенденций, которых я только что коснулся, невзирая на решения, даже нерешительность в целом представляет собой историю успеха.
Я также возлагаю большие надежды на работу Организации Объединённых Наций. Очень часто ООН попадает под град критики, их обвиняют в бессилии, тем не менее ООН по‑прежнему остаётся важнейшим игроком в международных отношениях, а также нравственным авторитетом. Цели развития тысячелетия сыграли ключевую роль в сокращении крайней нищеты почти на 50 процентов. С тех пор удалось добиться снижения материнской смертности, детской смертности на 45 процентов и на 50 процентов соответственно. Была принята новая повестка дня – развитие до 2030 года. В рамках этой повестки дня поставлены цели – продолжить этот прогресс, были сформулированы реалистичные, важные цели.
Дамы и господа! Даже несмотря на то, что невозможно в количественных показателях измерить развитие демократии, я убеждён, что демократия в качестве политической системы, ограничивающей власть тех, кто находится у кормила, наблюдается. Более того, мирный переход к демократии будет становиться всё более и более распространённым. То же самое касается прав человека, а также растущего уважения к правам человека.
Всё шире и шире наблюдается признание этого показателя в качестве показателя эффективного управления. Более того, я считаю, что демократия должна сыграть важную роль в наших обсуждениях о том, каким должно быть будущее. Это, в частности, касается следующего факта, это моё мнение. Демократическая система, а также готовность к миру, к избеганию войны в некотором смысле переплетены, взаимосвязаны.
Уважаемые гости! В футболе следующий матч всегда становится самым важным. Во внутренней политике следующие выборы всегда самые важные, а в международных отношениях следующие 10 лет – это самое важное время, а также самое сложное время одновременно. Однако кое‑что совершенно ясно, несомненно, история не носит линейного характера. Но поскольку историю творит человечество, мы несём на своих плечах ответственность за то, каким образом история будет развиваться на протяжении следующего десятилетия. Вот почему. Речь идёт о нашей коллективной ответственности. Мы должны поддерживать мир, пользоваться теми возможностями, которые нам предоставляются. Мы должны учиться на прошлых ошибках, а также стремиться к положительному развитию в будущем.
Я благодарю Вас за внимание.
Т.Колтон: Спасибо, господин Фишер. Господин Мбеки.
Т.Мбеки (как переведено): Большое спасибо, господин модератор!
Как и мои коллеги, хочу поблагодарить Валдайский дискуссионный клуб за приглашение поучаствовать.
Ваше превосходительство господин Президент Путин! Уважаемые панелисты! Уважаемые делегаты!
Я хотел бы верить в то, что вы поймёте, почему сегодня я выступаю перед вами, для того чтобы представить никем не санкционированное мнение Африканского континента о вопросах нашей повестки дня. Думаю, что все из нас вспомнят о Декларации тысячелетия ООН, которая была принята в 2000 году, где говорилось о целях развития тысячелетия, а также содержались глобальные обязательства, в частности, я цитирую: «Обеспечить специфические нужны Африки». И затем, в 2002 году, в сентябре, Генеральная Ассамблея ООН приняла Декларацию по новому партнёрству в целях развития Африки.
И затем в 2002 году, в сентябре, Генеральная Ассамблея ООН приняла Декларацию по новому партнёрству в целях развития Африки, и международная поддержка, реализация этого нового партнёрства в целях развития Африки крайне важна – это опять была цитата.
В октябре 2014 года Генеральный Секретарь ООН созвал совещание высокого уровня, перед которым была поставлена задача выработать рекомендации по операциям ООН сегодня и в будущем. В докладе этой группы, этой панели, содержалось следующее: в плане предотвращения конфликтов или реагирования на конфликты региональные партнёрства на Африканском континенте должны укрепляться.
И думаю, что для того чтобы понимать полностью важность этих рекомендаций, мы должны помнить о том, что в 2015 году 80 процентов миротворцев ООН были развёрнуты в Африке. И уважаемые коллеги заметили, что процитированные мною документы ООН, относящиеся к двум главным проблемам Африканского континента, – это социально-экономическое развитие, обеспечение мира и безопасности.
Я упомянул эти документы для того, чтобы обозначить главные проблемы, с которыми сталкивается Африканский континент, во‑первых.
Во‑вторых, обозначить, что эту реальность признаёт мировое сообщество.
И, в‑третьих, что международное сообщество принимает на себя обязательство вступить в партнёрство с Африкой для того, чтобы успешно справляться с этими проблемами.
Учитывая тему, выдвинутую на обсуждение, хотел бы сделать несколько высказываний о том, с какими проблемами сталкивается Африка, а также объём, в котором ООН реагирует на эти проблемы, также о философии развития.
В первую очередь хотел бы сказать в этой связи, что для того чтобы Африка добилась упомянутых мною целей, Африке необходим новый мир. Второе категоричное утверждение, которое я хочу сделать, – это то, что эти требования представляют собой категоричное противоречие тому, что Африканский континент является мировой периферией. И третье категоричное утверждение, которое я сделаю, заключается в том, что глобальное процветание и мир во всём мире недостижимы, в то время как Африка исключена и как участница таких прекрасных результатов. И четвёртое утверждение, которое я хотел бы сделать: поддержание мира и развитие невозможно без относительной автаркии в том, что относится к Африканскому континенту.
Что касается борьбы с бедностью и других целей – хотел бы подтвердить, что наш континент по‑прежнему с энтузиазмом относится к принятию очень амбициозных целей устойчивого развития, как уже упомянул наш президент. И это связано с теми глобальными обязательствами, поскольку для достижения целей устойчивого развития никто не останется позади – я опять упомянул цитату.
Для нас, африканцев, это означает, что система глобального правительства должна меняться таким образом, чтобы можно было достигнуть действительно цели устойчивого развития и тех целей, которые я обозначил. И в различные периоды времени существовали системы неравных правительств, в том числе в конце «холодной войны». Всё это привело к тому, что образовался однополярный мир, гегемония, с Соединёнными Штатами в качестве гегемона.
И в том, что касается африканского тысячелетия, как я упомянул, даже победа римлян над карфагенянами, колониализм, неоколониализм. Я хотел бы сказать, что существование гегемона приводит к возникновению феномена центра, который преуспевает за счёт существования периферии. И именно в плане глобального распределения у нас есть такая ситуация, когда, я думаю, что комментарий, который сделал господин Президент Путин сегодня днём, указывает на то, как существует сегодня этот мир.
Для Африки невозможно избавиться от существующей ситуации вне контекста мира, в котором бы уважалось равенство всех наций в плане определения миропорядка. И по этой причине как африканцы, и именно потому, что мы относительно слабы в глобальном плане – в экономическом, политическом, технологическом плане, – нам очень нужна свободная, универсально согласованная система международного права, которую будут уважать все страны.
И, на наш взгляд, какие бы легитимные предложения ни выдвигались в отношении создания лучшего мира, они должны быть основаны на той степени международного права, которая уже была согласована. И это подчёркивает абсолютный императив для всех наций вернуться к духу и букве для того, чтобы реализовать то, что было отражено в Уставе ООН и в других стратегических документах, которые были приняты после 1945 года в рамках ООН. Существование согласованного международного права, а также надежда на реформированные институты ООН должны быть центром философии международного развития для нового мира.
Большое спасибо.
Т.Колтон: Сейчас мы уже выслушали выступление всех четырёх ораторов. Мы начнём обсуждение довольно коротко, поскольку здесь так много желающих задать вопросы. Возможно, я начну с небольшим, коротким вопросом, и на него может ответить любой из присутствующих ораторов.
Во время комментариев Президента Путина меня удивил акцент на безопасности и отсутствии безопасности. И с дилеммой безопасности, с которой мы сталкиваемся, когда мы говорим о вопросах развития, я думаю, что это естественный способ, поскольку мы извлекли тот урок из истории, что без безопасности, предсказуемости развития не будет. Поэтому сейчас очень мучительный момент, когда развитие осуществляется.
Люди, которые живут в четырёх странах, представители которых сидят здесь, живут лучше, чем их предки, всё это происходит по всему миру, но отсутствие безопасности в мире тем не менее есть, и философ Гоббс говорил об этом, что это то состояние, при котором нет власти, приводит к отсутствию безопасности, нестабильности и неспособности отдельных людей обеспечить себе лучшую жизнь. И по всему миру происходил процесс строения государств, более сильных государств, и необходимо государствам учиться жить друг с другом в мире, в мирном сосуществовании.
Поэтому хотел бы задать очень общий вопрос нашим панелистам. Хотел бы спросить следующее. Во время выступлений каждого из вас вы все упоминали о том решении, которое предлагал Гоббс, – это построение институтов, изменение институтов. И хотел бы спросить вас, что должно быть нашим важнейшим приоритетом сейчас?
Президент Путин отметил в конце выступления важность ООН, важность того, чтобы ООН стала более эффективной, и использование ООН вместе с другими силами. Некоторые другие ораторы говорили о необходимости реформировать созданные институты. Например, господин Мбеки об этом упомянул. Наши европейские коллеги упоминали историю успеха, включая Европейский союз, например. ЕС появился достаточно недавно. Поэтому мой вопрос: что самое важное, о чём мы должны подумать сообща?
Мы должны создавать новые институты для вопросов безопасности или мы должны говорить о возвращении к тем институтам, которым сейчас уделяется меньше внимания, таким как ООН? Или мы должны в первую очередь концентрировать свои усилия на реформировании существующих институтов? А когда я говорю об институтах, я говорю прежде всего о международных институтах. Поэтому хотел бы сейчас предложить ораторам, может быть, начиная с Президента Путина, поделиться своим мнением, если у вас есть такое желание, конечно.
В.Путин: Просто полностью присоединяюсь к тому, что сказал Президент Табо Мбеки. Он сказал, я даже записал, процитирую: «Нужна система международного права, которая уважалась бы всеми странами». Нужно вернуться к Уставу Организации Объединённых Наций. Абсолютно правильно. И если бы он этого не сказал, я должен был бы сказать это сам. Я полностью разделяю эту точку зрения. Мы просто пренебрежительно начали относиться к Уставу ООН, вытесняя его при принятии очень важных решений, делая вид, что это уже не важно, устарело.
А потом, когда мир сталкивается с острыми проблемами, те, кто виноват в нарушении Устава Организации Объединённых Наций, резко начинают призывать к исполнению основных положений Устава ООН. Так нужно с самого начала, чтобы все это помнили и уважали Устав ООН. Нужна надёжная система международного права, которая была бы гарантией от любых злоупотреблений сил.
Т.Халонен: Думаю, что мы сейчас, на данный момент, создали государство наций. Мы знаем слабости государства наций, и нам нужно тем не менее развивать их сильные стороны. Я, поскольку сама из Финляндии, говорю о государстве благосостояния. Это демократия, это верховенство закона, это благосостояние, это социальные, экономические, культурные права народов, всех людей, также и мигрантов. И когда мы говорим о разнице между целями тысячелетия, целями устойчивого развития… Помню, когда я была сопредседателем на саммите тысячелетия, я слышала от людей, что они хотят добиться лучшего будущего.
И это крайне важно, поскольку некоторые люди говорят, что мы слишком наивные в наших надеждах сделать мир лучше. Действительно, мы добиваемся каких‑то успехов, может быть, не во всём, но всё‑таки мы двигаемся к успеху. Если мы сравним ЦРТ и ЦУР, ЦРТ в основном создавались для правительств, в основном для правительств богатых стран, которые преуспевают, для того чтобы продемонстрировать глобальную солидарность со странами Юга.
Но сейчас цели устойчивого развития показывают, что мир – это нечто большее, чем просто государство-нация, это также и бизнес-сообщество, это также проблема. Без системы, в которой будет больше игроков, нам будет сложно. И, как господин Фишер, бывший президент Австрийской Республики, говорил о системном анализе, думаю, что в рамках Валдайского клуба вы также могли бы подумать о том, как консультироваться с экспертами, которые специализируются на системном анализе. Я думаю, что это часть ответа на Ваш вопрос.
Также необходимы меры укрепления доверия. Это очень простые слова, и всё это лежит в основе государства-нации. Всё, что мы можем сделать в целях укрепления доверия, мы видим в Балтийском море, нашем общем море, а также на других, более крупных участках.
Мне было бы очень интересно узнать, поскольку мы сейчас в России, как Вы, господин Путин, видите это развитие, таким образом, в будущем. Думаю, что у меня есть некий луч надежды в отношении Вашего интереса, в отношении ООН.
Т.Колтон: Вы хотели бы сейчас ответить, господин Президент, или мы сначала выслушаем других ораторов?
В.Путин: Думаю, что выслушаем Хайнца и Табо.
Т.Колтон: Хорошо, спасибо.
Господин Фишер, пожалуйста.
Х.Фишер: Нам всем известно, что институты, а также неправильно созданные институты могут частично являться проблемой. Но в большинстве случаев они не представляют собой целую проблему, и те же самые институты, которые хорошо функционируют при определённых ситуациях, могут при других обстоятельствах, в другой среде, при другой экономической ситуации быть гораздо слабее и казаться неправильно созданными.
В том, что касается Европейского союза, в последние годы ситуация, если мы посмотрим, например, на торговые соглашения с Канадой, становится очевидно, что часть ответа на вопрос лежит в том, что необходимо создавать больше возможностей для центральных институтов в Европейском союзе, больше властных полномочий парламенту, больше власти комиссии, а также общая экономическая налоговая политика.
С другой стороны, очевидно, что именно это является очень чувствительной проблемой, и многие люди чувствуют, что наша автономия, наши возможности как государства всё больше передаются в Брюссель. И поэтому, если кто‑то говорит: давайте запустим процесс модернизации и изменения институтов Европейского союза, – на данный момент я бы сказал: давайте подождём, давайте не будем торопиться, поскольку на данный момент это создало бы очень проблемную ситуацию во многих европейских странах.
Что же касается Организации Объединённых Наций, то я с большим интересом прислушиваюсь к аргументам, согласно которым Совет Безопасности, являющийся наиболее влиятельным органом Организации Объединённых Наций, был создан более 70 лет назад. Так что в соответствии с этой аргументацией было бы полезно, было бы необходимо дать Совету Безопасности новую структуру, такую структуру, которая позволила бы ему эффективно работать в текущей обстановке, быть более представительным органом в том, что касается различных сторон государства.
Однако мы, конечно, понимаем сложности, сопряжённые с этим процессом. Если мы обратимся к нашим австрийским представителям в ООН с вопросом, возможно ли это, они скажут: нет, это совершенно невозможно, слишком расходятся мнения. Так что решение проблем при помощи реформирования институтов может быть только частью решения проблемы, частью того, что необходимо сделать.
Т.Колтон: Спасибо большое.
Т.Мбеки: Что должно быть сделано – это должно быть сделано. Вы знаете, когда госпожа Халонен говорила, что ООН концентрировалась на трёх столпах направления: на безопасности, на правах человека, и, в‑третьих, на развитии. Я в действительности убеждён, что, когда мы говорим о безопасности в глобальном масштабе, о правах человека в глобальном масштабе, о развитии в глобальном масштабе, невозможно решить какие бы то ни было из этих проблем в одиночку успешно на глобальном уровне, если мы не обратим свой взор вновь на Организацию Объединённых Наций в контексте Устава Организации Объединённых Наций, в контексте согласованной политики. Мне кажется, что участники конференции принимают это. Мир стал многополярным, и необходимо, чтобы эта многополярность перетекала в реальные действия на практике, для того чтобы успешно справляться с вызовами.
Каковы многополярные институты, которые сейчас существуют? Таким институтом должна быть ООН. Проблема реформирования Совета Безопасности становится именно в этом контексте особенно важной. Как сказал господин Фишер, Совет Безопасности создан очень давно, и он сейчас не отражает нынешнюю многополярную систему международных отношений. Он должен быть изменён, это сложно. Россия – член Совета Безопасности, может быть, она тоже является препятствием на пути этой реформы. Однако реформирование Совбеза должно произойти.
Мы должны также посмотреть на взаимоотношения Совета Безопасности и Генассамблеи, посмотреть на взаимоотношения с ЭКОСОС, то есть на все структуры. Они должны выражать многополярный характер мира, для того чтобы мы добились успеха на глобальном уровне в решении проблем, связанных с безопасностью, прав человека и развития. Это невозможно отбросить в сторону. Я не говорю, что это единственное, что необходимо сделать, но структуры должны быть укреплены, они должны быть более представительны и они должны быть также активизированы таким образом, чтобы все эти институты с уважением относились, во‑первых, к реформированному международному праву.
А во‑вторых, как сказал Президент Путин, необходимо… Я не говорю, что поскольку у нас есть ООН, то пропадает суверенитет. Суверенитет никуда не пропадает. Существует равенство государств. Само существование государств покоится на этом принципе, и это должно быть учтено при реформировании института ООН. Многополярный мир должен найти своё полноценное отражение в ООН. Если бы это произошло, то не было бы никакой катастрофы в Ливии, например.
Я завершаю уже свои комментарии. Когда мы говорим о целях устойчивого развития, они очень важны для Африканского континента и, я убеждён, для всех развивающихся стран. Одна из проблем, с которыми мы сталкиваемся на континенте, – это сложность переговоров с ЕС по соглашениям об экономическом партнёрстве. Более того, я считаю, что те переговоры, которые сейчас ведутся с ЕС, ведутся так, что многие требования ЕС противоречат требованиям ЦУР – целям устойчивого развития. Если вы посмотрите на глобальный уровень, то необходимо будет провести соотношение этих соглашений, с одной стороны, и целей устойчивого развития, посмотреть, не противоречат ли они друг другу. Вот о чём я хотел бы сказать. Спасибо большое.
Т.Колтон: Вы знаете, я был несколько взволнован. Я боялся, что мой вопрос не вызовет таких интересных ответов. Но спасибо большое.
Президент Путин, Вы не могли бы прореагировать на то, что было сказано?
В.Путин: Ещё маленькая ремарка по поводу того, что господин Фишер сказал. Он упомянул дискуссию в ЕС по поводу торгового договора с Канадой. Это чисто внутриеэсовское дело. Просто маленькая ремарка, если позволите.
Да, действительно, я знаю, что определённое раздражение в Европе вызывает позиция Валлонии, где всего три с половиной миллиона человек, и они, эти три с половиной, заблокировали принятие решения по такому глобальному вопросу, как торговое соглашение с Канадой. Но ведь, когда Бельгия создавала Евросоюз, она создавала его на определённых принципах и исходила из того, что и у неё в целом, и у Валлонии будут определённые права.
Если к сегодняшнему дню ЕС разросся очень сильно, изменился его состав и так далее, но права‑то никто не менял. Может быть, и нужно эти права поменять, но сначала нужно тогда предоставить людям, которые создавали эту организацию, демократическим образом права поменять, а потом уже требовать от них согласия.
Теперь что касается спора. Я знаю этот спор не так хорошо, как, конечно, европейцы, тем не менее, много или мало прерогатив у наднациональных органов в ЕС, замечу, я уже говорил об этом публично: количество обязательных решений, которые принимает Европарламент в отношении стран – членов ЕС, больше гораздо, чем количество обязательных решений, которые принимал Верховный Совет СССР в отношении республик Советского Союза во время существования самого СССР. Хорошо это или плохо – это не нам решать. Мы за то, чтобы Европа была сильной, централизованной – наша позиция. Но в самой Европе, там разные точки зрения, и это, надеюсь, когда‑нибудь завершится каким‑то позитивным решением.
Теперь по поводу ООН. Я уже говорил об этом, вынужден повторить: нам нужно обязательно вернуться к тому, что написано в Уставе ООН, потому что другой организации, такой универсальной, как ООН, в мире не существует. И если мы сейчас от неё откажемся – это верная дорога к хаосу. Ничего другого в мире универсального не существует. Да, ситуация поменялась в мире. Да, ООН и Совет Безопасности нуждаются в реформах и реконструкции. Но, как у нас в МИДе принято говорить, это можно сделать, если мы хотим, чтобы сохранялась эффективность этого инструмента, это можно сделать на основе широкого консенсуса. Нужно, чтобы с этими реформами согласилось подавляющее большинство участников международного общения.
Теперь почему нужно обязательно вернуться к единообразному пониманию принципов норм международного права, выработанных на основе Устава ООН? Потому что создавалась эта Организация после окончания Второй мировой войны, был определённый расклад сил в мире. Потом, после распада Советского Союза, Соединённые Штаты решили, что теперь, в общем‑то, не с кем согласовывать и не надо ни с кем согласовывать кардинальные вопросы. И началось.
Сначала в середине 90‑х годов – удары по Белграду. По сути, агрессия. Я сейчас не буду говорить про гуманитарную составляющую, которая предшествовала этим решениям, но просто наблюдать за ракетно-бомбовыми ударами в конце XX века в центре Европы… Не знаю, как вам, но для меня это было дикостью какой‑то, просто дико. Тем не менее это было в обход Устава ООН, никто же этого не санкционировал. Как только столкнулись с этим, сразу начали говорить, что устарело, надо бы чего‑нибудь поменять.
Дальше больше, дальше события в Ираке. ООН разве санкционировала действия в Ираке? Нет. А до этого был Афганистан в 2001 году. Да, мы знаем трагические события 11 сентября 2001 года, но всё равно по действующему международному праву надо было сходить в Совет Безопасности ООН и получить сначала там соответствующую резолюцию. Нет.
Потом Ирак. Потом принята была резолюция по Ливии – о чём резолюция по Ливии? Здесь же все эксперты, все знают, читали же все эту резолюцию. Что там написано? Бесполётная зона. Какая же бесполётная зона, если начали наносить ракетно-бомбовые удары по территории! Грубо извратили просто, опять нарушили Устав Организации Объединённых Наций.
Потом Сирия. Тарья, по‑моему, говорила или Хайнц выступал, что в Сирии только умножается число террористов из‑за действий в Алеппо. Разве с этого началось приумножение терроризма? Разве в Ираке были террористы? Близко не было никаких террористов до разрушения государственных структур страны. А в Ливии? Да ничего подобного там не было, никаких террористов, там и духу их не было. Как только разрушили государственность в стране, сразу этот вакуум был заполнен кем? Террористами. То же самое и в Сирии происходит.
Я понимаю намёк на наши действия в том же Алеппо или где. Но позвольте, как только началась война в Сирии, она началась задолго до нашего участия в этих событиях, там сразу и террористы появились, их начали снабжать оружием. Я же говорил об этом в своём выступлении. Их начали воспитывать, науськивать на Асада и так далее. Потому что других возможностей не было, они самые эффективные. И до сих пор это продолжается. Потому что это самые эффективные боевые подразделения. Их можно, как считают некоторые, направить, а потом мы, мол, с ними разберёмся. Ничего потом не будет! Не получится! В этом вся проблема.
И хотел бы тоже отреагировать на абсолютно правильные вещи, которые происходят, скажем, в Финляндии. Колокола звонят по погибшим в Алеппо. Давайте позвоним по погибшим сейчас в районе Мосула. Сейчас начинается операция в Мосуле. Уже, по‑моему, свыше 200 человек террористы расстреляли в надежде остановить наступление на город – давайте не будем про это забывать. А в Афганистане? Одним только ударом авиации уничтожали целые свадьбы по 120 человек, одним ударом! Мы забыли об этом? А сейчас что происходит в Йемене? Колокола должны звонить по всем этим безвинным жертвам! Согласен с Вами.
Мы всё время слышим: Алеппо, Алеппо, Алеппо… Ну да. Вопрос в чём? Или оставить там террористическое гнездо, или, минимизируя, делая всё, чтобы избежать жертв среди мирного населения, всё‑таки это гнездо дожать? Если не нужно вообще ничего трогать, тогда не нужно наступать и на Мосул. Давайте всё оставим как есть. Давайте Ракку не будем трогать. Ведь мы всё время слышим от наших партнёров: нужно наступать на Ракку, нужно уничтожить это гнездо терроризма. Но в Ракке тоже живут мирные граждане. Мы не будем с ними бороться вообще? Когда они где‑то в городах захватывают заложников, мы что, оставляем их в покое? Возьмите пример с Израиля, Израиль никогда так не делает, он всегда борется до конца и благодаря этому существует, да и другого выбора нет, надо бороться. Если мы постоянно будем сдавать позиции, мы всегда будем проигрывать.
Теперь о том, что Тарья спросила по поводу безопасности в районе Балтийского моря. Напомню, что эта тема возникла не по нашей инициативе, она возникла в ходе моего визита в Финляндию, в Наантали, и она возникла по инициативе Президента Финляндии господина Ниинистё. Он совершенно неожиданно для меня поставил вопрос о том, чтобы российская авиация не летала без включённых транспондеров. Для тех, кто далёк от военного дела, скажу, что это приборы, которые на самолётах стоят и подают сигнал о том, что они в воздухе находятся. И включение этих систем, конечно, увеличивает безопасность в районе Балтийского моря. Это правильно, это правда. Я сразу же сказал, что, во‑первых, количество полётов нашей авиации в разы уступает количеству полётов авиации стран НАТО, в разы. Это первое.
И второе. Я пообещал господину Президенту Финляндии, что мы обязательно поставим этот вопрос перед нашими партнёрами на ближайшей встрече в рамках Совета Россия–НАТО. Докладываю вам: мы это сделали. Результат: наши партнёры по НАТО предложение отклонили, более того, они сказали, что отклоняют предложение Путина. Путин здесь ни при чём, они отклоняют предложение господина Ниинистё, Президента Финляндской Республики.
Для нас тоже, между прочим, не так уж и просто это было, не так это было просто – пойти на такой шаг, потому что там есть технические вещи, есть и вещи чисто военного характера. Но я соответствующие указания Министерству обороны дал – поискать такую возможность, не нанося ущерба нашей безопасности. И наше Министерство обороны такую возможность нашло. Но наши коллеги из НАТО не хотят. Так что, пожалуйста, все вопросы туда, в Брюссель, в штаб-квартиру.
Т.Колтон: Тарья, насколько я понимаю, Вы хотели бы ответить коротко на этот вопрос?
Т.Халонен: Если позволите, я отвечу. Я очень рада, что у нас по‑прежнему продолжается замечательный диалог с Вами, господин Президент.
Это открытая дискуссия. Как правило, мы ведём такие дискуссии в меньших группах, тем не менее мне кажется, что предложение Президента Ниинистё было прекрасным примером. Считаю, что это важно для безопасности в нашем регионе. Однако, как сказал Президент Путин, есть очень много технических вопросов, других проблем с обеих сторон.
А это говорит нам о чём? Даже когда речь идёт о каком‑то ограниченном вопросе, требуется время, требуется сила. И тем не менее я считаю, что мы по‑прежнему все согласны. Нам необходимо добиться этого для того, чтобы обеспечить безопасность в регионе. Мы должны добиться принятия этих предложений. Надеюсь, что дискуссия будет продолжаться. И хорошая работа продолжится.
Позвольте мне так же коротко остановиться на других аспектах, которые были упомянуты Президентом Путиным. Конечно, Алеппо и Йемен – это те проблемы, о которых мы постоянно слышим в средствах массовой информации, в западных странах и в России тоже. Но здесь нет чёрного и белого. Это очень сложный вопрос. Но мы должны с уважением относиться к чувствам людей, они совершенно верно говорят: это неправильно. ЮНИСЕФ со стороны ООН тоже говорит о том, что то, что происходит, – неправильно. У нас есть, к счастью, эксперты, которые могут разобраться во всём этом.
Что же касается ООН, я очень рада, что мы много говорили об ООН, я сторонница ООН, я там работала, и я буду работать с ними, я обещала господину Пан Ги Муну, и следующему Генеральному секретарю я обещаю сотрудничество. Мы все понимаем, что если мы ничего делать не будем, то это может нам очень дорого обойтись.
Возьмём, например, Совет Безопасности. Я с большим интересом слушала то, что сказал Министр Лавров. Как мне кажется, если мы не сможем добиться успеха в Совете Безопасности, это ещё не всё, мы должны подумать о работе Генассамблеи, об ЭКОСОСе, ведь ООН – очень большая структура. Мы должны подталкивать их вперёд. И надеюсь, что мы добьёмся прогресса.
Спасибо за то, что Вы подняли эти вопросы, и эти вопросы и далее будут обсуждаться.
Т.Колтон: Сейчас я хотел бы поблагодарить всех и передать слово тем, кто присутствует в зале, для вопросов. У нас здесь представлено большое число экспертов, почти все хотят задать вопрос, и вы можете отвечать на вопросы, на которые хотите, отмечать их.
Хотел бы сказать, что, к сожалению, Ваша популярность, господин Президент, растёт; моя к концу дня, наверное, сократится. А времени у нас очень мало.
Позвольте, мы передадим слово сначала первым, кто заявил о желании задать вопросы. Многие из них, думаю, будут адресованы Президенту Путину. Однако если кто‑то желает тоже ответить, даже если они напрямую не направлены им, то, пожалуйста, отвечайте.
Вопрос (как переведено): Господин Президент, как Вам известно, растёт обеспокоенность международного сообщества относительно киберпространства, киберконфликтов. Ключевой вопрос состоит в следующем. Это обеспокоенность осуществления кибератак для достижения политических целей, учитывая, что вопрос кибератак очень молодой вопрос в отличие от других войн. Пространство кибератак очень известно, государства не должны использовать киберпространство для атаки на инфраструктуру других государств. Поэтому мой вопрос заключается в следующем.
Во‑первых, в теории. Я слышал, что Вы уже говорили, поэтому в теории: должны ли национальные избирательные системы считаться критической национальной инфраструктурой?
И второй вопрос: какие конкретные правила Вы бы предложили по мере того, как международное сообщество думает о киберпространстве, для того чтобы снизить угрозу кибервойн в будущем?
В.Путин: На мой взгляд, вмешательство во внутриполитические процессы, одной страны в другую, недопустимо вне зависимости от того, каким способом такие попытки могут предприниматься: с помощью кибератак либо с помощью каких‑то других инструментов, подконтрольных организаций внутри той или иной страны.
Например, вы знаете, что произошло в Турции, и знаете позицию Президента Турции Реджепа Эрдогана по поводу того, что он считает. А он считает, что попытка переворота в Турции была предпринята структурами, которые были воспитаны на идеях и при прямом участии организации некоего Гюлена, проживающего уже девять лет в Соединённых Штатах Америки. И это недопустимо, и кибератаки недопустимы.
Но нам не избежать, наверное, взаимного влияния друг на друга, в том числе и в киберпространстве. Но Вы задали вопрос конкретный, а именно Вы задали вопрос об избирательной системе. Я считаю, что это абсолютно недопустимо. А как избежать подобных эксцессов, если они где‑то будут возникать, нет никакого другого способа, как договариваться и вырабатывать определённые правила, причём такие правила, которые будут единообразно пониматься, будут признаны на правительственном, государственном уровне и могли бы быть проверяемыми.
Встаёт вопрос, конечно, о свободе интернета и всего, что с ним связано, но мы знаем, что очень во многих странах, в том числе и в тех, кто всегда выступал за свободу интернета, предпринимаются и на практике реализуются шаги по ограничению этого доступа, связанного с интересами большинства граждан. Это касается и преступлений, которые там могут готовиться либо совершаться в киберпространстве. Например, покушение на банковские системы, незаконные переводы денег, это касается всяких суицидов, преступлений против детей и так далее. Но эти же правила на национальном уровне принимаются, значит, мы можем принимать соответствующие правила и на национальном уровне в отношениях между государствами.
Т.Колтон: Спасибо.
Хотел бы предоставить слово господину Сушенцову, затем слово господину Быстрицкому.
Господин Сушенцов, Вам слово.
А.Сушенцов: Владимир Владимирович! Андрей Сушенцов, университет МГИМО, Валдайский клуб.
В зарубежных СМИ сложилось мнение, что у России есть однозначный фаворит на американских президентских выборах – Дональд Трамп. Какую на самом деле роль играет фигура следующего американского президента для России, для двусторонних отношений? И каким условиям должна удовлетворять американская внешняя политика по отношению к России, для того чтобы отношения нормализовались?
В.Путин: По поводу так называемых фаворитов или не фаворитов в избирательной кампании в Соединённых Штатах. Вы сказали о том, что это образ, который создан СМИ? Он и создан, этот образ, СМИ. Я Вас уверяю, не случайно. Я вообще редко вижу, когда что‑то случайно создаётся ведущими средствами массовой информации. Сама идея вброшена в общественное сознание в ходе президентской кампании в Соединённых Штатах, на мой взгляд, только с одной целью – с целью борьбы тех, кто защищает интересы кандидата от Демократической партии госпожи Клинтон в борьбе с представителем Республиканской партии, в данном случае в борьбе с господином Трампом.
Как это делается? Во‑первых, создаётся образ врага в виде Российской Федерации, в виде России, а потом объявляется, что Трамп – наш фаворит. Это полный бред и полная чушь! Это просто способ внутриполитической борьбы, способ манипулирования общественным мнением накануне президентских выборов в самих Соединённых Штатах.
Да, на самом деле я много раз говорил, хочу повторить: мы не знаем, как поведёт себя любой из кандидатов, который добьётся победы. Мы не знаем, как поведёт себя господин Трамп, мы не знаем, как поведёт себя госпожа Клинтон, если она будет избрана, что там будет исполнено, что не исполнено. Поэтому по большому счёту для нас это более или менее безразлично. Но, конечно, мы не можем не приветствовать слова, мысли, намерения, о которых публично говорится, о нормализации отношений между Соединёнными Штатами и Россией. И в этом смысле, конечно, мы приветствуем такие заявления, от кого бы они ни исходили. Вот, собственно говоря, и всё.
Что касается самого господина Трампа, он выбрал, видимо, свой способ достучаться до сердец избирателей. Какой? Он, конечно, ведёт себя экстравагантно, мы все это видим. Но, я думаю, не так уж это всё и бессмысленно. Потому что, на мой взгляд, он представляет интересы той части общества, а она значительная в Штатах, которая устала от тех самых элит, которые десятилетиями находятся у власти. Он просто представляет интересы таких простых людей.
Он и сам изображает из себя такого простого парня, который критикует тех, кто уже десятилетиями находится у власти, тех, кому не нравится (мы же читаем аналитику, в том числе и американскую) передача власти по наследству, допустим. Об этом прямо некоторые эксперты пишут в США. И он работает на этой «поляне».
Но насколько это будет для него эффективно, выборы покажут в ближайшее время. Но хочу повторить ещё раз один штамп, который всё время повторяю: мы будем работать с любым президентом, которого изберёт американский народ и который захочет работать с нами.
А.Быстрицкий: Владимир Владимирович, можно вопрос в развитие темы безопасности, которая только что поднималась? Понятно, что здесь ключевым и важным элементом, в этой теме безопасности, является взаимодействие. И понятно, что оно может быть сложным. Например, в случае упомянутых только что в разговоре транспондеров. Но в конце концов самолёты могут летать.
Но есть критически важные области, где речь идёт непосредственно о жизни людей, и жизни людей невинных. Вы недавно вспоминали дело Царнаевых. И, как я понимаю, информация с российской стороны была предоставлена, но это не возымело ни малейшего действия, как я тоже понимаю. Означает ли это, что на таком практическом уровне взаимодействия в сфере безопасности ситуация критическая?
В.Путин: Я уже говорил об этом. Не помню когда. По‑моему, на встрече с французскими журналистами, что ли? Да, действительно, мы предоставили в своё время информацию по этим братьям Царнаевым американским партнёрам. Написали один раз – ответа никакого. Потом ещё раз написали – опять никакого ответа нет. И уже после второго письма пришел ответ, что они наши граждане, вы сюда не лезьте, мы сами разберёмся. Ладно, я директору ФСБ сказал: всё, сдаю в архив. Так ответ у нас в архиве и лежит до сих пор.
Но потом, к сожалению, через несколько месяцев произошёл теракт в Бостоне во время известного марафона, погибли люди. Очень жаль, что эта трагедия произошла. Если бы контакты и доверие были бы на другом уровне между нами и нашими партнёрами, уверен, можно было бы избежать этой трагедии. Потом у нас и американцы появились сразу, приехали, мы отдали материалы, которые у нас были. Но поздно, уже люди‑то погибли.
Это, кстати говоря, отчасти ответ на предыдущий вопрос. Те, кто хочет с нами работать, – я не знаю, будут они или не будут, но они формулируют правильно тезис о том, что это необходимо для всех, особенно на поле борьбы с терроризмом. В этом смысле мы приветствуем, повторяю, всех, кто об этом заявляет.
Но, скажем, я тоже уже говорил об этом, например, в ходе подготовки к Олимпийским играм здесь, в Сочи, американцы реально нам помогали. И я благодарен им за это, мы все им за это благодарны, они сотрудничали и здесь, на месте, сотрудничали с нами очень эффективно и на более высоком уровне – на уровне руководства спецслужб. Были и другие примеры хорошего сотрудничества.
В целом у нас неплохо обстоят дела по этому направлению с европейскими партнёрами, как раз с французскими спецслужбами, там достаточно откровенный, профессиональный разговор идёт, обмен информацией имеет место быть. В общем, не всё так плохо, но могло бы быть гораздо лучше.
Т.Колтон: Хорошо.
Хотел бы сейчас предоставить слово Сафине Фишер из Берлина.
С.Фишер: Спасибо. Мой вопрос Президенту Путину, он касается Украины.
Президент Путин, недавно после достаточно длинной паузы состоялась встреча «нормандской четвёрки» в Берлине. И после этой встречи стороны несколько по‑разному интерпретировали результаты переговоров. Поэтому мне бы очень хотелось услышать Вашу оценку результатов и атмосферы этой встречи.
Помимо этого, считаете ли Вы «нормандский формат» в данной форме эффективным или Вы думаете, что он мог бы работать более продуктивно, если бы, например, туда присоединились Соединённые Штаты Америки?
Спасибо большое.
В.Путин: Можно уточняющий вопрос? Какая разная интерпретация была результатов встречи? О чём Вы говорите? Как ни странно, я просто не слышал этих разных интерпретаций. Какие?
С.Фишер: Были обсуждения полицейской миссии в Донбассе, с одной стороны, и упор на «дорожную карту», которая делалась, например, в России в СМИ и тоже в политических дебатах. По‑моему, это действительно были разные интерпретации результатов.
В.Путин: Здесь секрета никакого нет. Я скажу, вообще как было. Некоторые вещи, может быть, не буду говорить, чтобы не ставить никого в трудное положение и не мешать самому процессу.
Как вы знаете, в Минских соглашениях, думаю, что эксперты все читали, там чёрным по белому написано: через 30 дней после подписания Минских соглашений на Украине Рада должна принять постановление, которое очертило бы географические границы районов, в которых начал бы сразу действовать закон об особом статусе этих непризнанных республик. Потому что единственное, чего не хватало, чтобы он начал работать, было отсутствие описания этих географических границ.
И это нужно было принять не законом, а постановлением парламента, и это постановление с нарушением сроков, но тем не менее было принято. И, казалось бы, этот закон должен был бы сразу вступить в действие. Он был принят, хочу напомнить, парламентом Украины, проголосован, и он был согласован с непризнанными республиками, что очень важно, и в этом смысле он является, на мой взгляд, жизнеспособным и ключевым элементом политического урегулирования.
Но, приняв это постановление Рады, украинская сторона, парламент страны принял дополнение к этому закону пунктом в статью девятую или десятую, в которой написал, что этот закон вступит только тогда, когда произойдут муниципальные выборы на этих территориях. То есть опять отложил вступление этого закона в силу, повторяю, по нашему мнению, абсолютно ключевого для политического урегулирования кризиса на юго-востоке страны. Причём сделал это, конечно, уже ни с кем не согласовывая, с этими непризнанными республиками даже не консультировались.
Год назад в Париже мы это очень активно обсуждали, спорили. Я настаивал на том, чтобы это было сделано, и сделано незамедлительно, поскольку это прописано в Минских соглашениях и является ключевым элементом, на наш взгляд. Тем не менее Президент Украины настаивал на том, что это сделать невозможно. И зашло всё в тупик. Поскольку зашло в тупик, и всё могло закончиться сразу же на месте год назад в Париже, неожиданно Министр иностранных дел ФРГ господин Штайнмайер предложил компромисс.
Он сказал: «Давайте мы так договоримся. Этот закон вступит в силу в день выборов в муниципальные органы власти на этих территориях на временной основе, и на постоянной – после того как БДИПЧ ОБСЕ признает, что выборы состоялись в соответствии с правилами ОБСЕ». Это было совсем не то, что написано в Минских соглашениях, но, чтобы не заводить дело в тупик, я согласился и сказал: «Хорошо, договорились. Мы это согласуем с Донецком и Луганском». И мы согласовали.
Но на встрече в Берлине вдруг неожиданно Президент Украины попытался изменить и эту формулу, уже как бы компромиссную. Пошёл ещё дальше, по сути, отказываясь вообще от имплементации этого закона когда бы то ни было. Опять возник тот же самый кризис, который мы имели в Париже год назад. Но я хочу отметить роль Федерального канцлера. Она всё‑таки нашла аргументы и убедила всех собравшихся в том, что мы можем и должны остаться на согласованной позиции, и невозможно каждый раз, встречаясь через год, менять то, о чём мы договаривались до этого, так мы никогда ни о чём не сможем договориться. Но нюансы и детали того, как это должно имплементироваться, договорились погрузить в ту концепцию, о которой Вы сказали и которую предстоит ещё выработать.
Вот, пожалуй, и всё. Но в принципе много было сделано по вопросам обеспечения безопасности – там мы практически согласовали почти каждый из пунктов. Почти ни о чём не договорились по вопросам гуманитарного характера – эти территории остаются в строгой блокаде, и ситуация там очень сложная. На это, кстати говоря, весь так называемый цивилизованный мир предпочитает не обращать никакого внимания. Сейчас не хочу даже открывать дискуссии на эту тему.
Но что касается формата, он полезен или не полезен, – просто другого нет. Да, дискуссии идут сложно, да, это не очень эффективно, соглашусь с этим, но другого нет, и если мы хотим хоть чего‑то добиться, надо оставаться в рамках этого формата.
Нужно ли привлекать кого‑то другого? Российская позиция такая: мы не против привлекать кого бы то ни было, в том числе и наших американских партнёров. Но договорились таким образом со всеми участниками этого процесса, что мы с нашими американскими коллегами будем работать параллельно. И вы знаете, мой помощник и госпожа Нуланд постоянно встречаются, регулярно эти темы обсуждают, ищут компромиссы. Но это, разумеется, делается не келейно, не тайно, и все участники нормандского формата в курсе, знают, и мы учитываем, конечно, и позицию наших американских партнёров.
Т.Колтон: Анджела Стент, пожалуйста.
А.Стент (как переведено): Спасибо. Мой вопрос адресован Президенту Путину. Я профессор Джорджтаунского университета Вашингтона.
Россия недавно вышла из соглашения с Соединёнными Штатами по уничтожению плутония, но в то же время российское Правительство заявило, что рассмотрит повторное вступление к соглашению, если будут выполнены три условия. Первое, что войска НАТО должны вернуться к тем позициям, которые они занимали до 2000‑х годов в Европе, во‑вторых, «закон Магнитского» должен быть отменён, и в‑третьих, что санкции, введённые против России с момента начала украинского кризиса, должны быть сняты, и России должна быть предоставлена компенсация.
Вопрос заключается в следующем. 20 января у нас будет новый президент, я настроена оптимистично, должны ли мы понимать в США, что эти три условия лягут в основу изначальной переговорной позиции со стороны Российской Федерации с новым американским президентом, когда он вновь восстановит отношения высокого уровня с Кремлём?
В.Путин: Вы профессор, сразу видно, что не дипломат. Если Вы у дипломатов спросите, они Вам скажут, что есть такое понятие, как запросная позиция, и решение по поводу договора об уничтожении избыточного количества оружейного плутония – мы из него не вышли. Соединённые Штаты вышли из договора по противоракетной обороне, а мы не вышли, мы приостановили его действие. Но почему? Я думаю, что все здесь знают почему. Это соглашение что предусматривало? Оно предусматривало, что и в России, и в США будут построены заводы, которые будут уничтожать избыточное количество оружейного плутония, наработанного как в США, так и в России.
США свои обязательства не только не выполнили, а объявили, что выполнять не намерены – со ссылкой на финансовые трудности. Как будто у нас таких финансовых трудностей нет. Но мы завод построили и уничтожаем этот плутоний промышленным способом. То, что объявили Соединённые Штаты, причём в одностороннем порядке, никак с нами свои действия не согласовывая… Они сказали, что они будут его разбавлять, этот оружейный плутоний, там хранить в каких‑то пластах и так далее.
Это значит, специалисты говорят, это называется возвратный потенциал. В любую секунду можно вернуть, опять обогатить, и всё снова здорово, как у нас в народе говорят. А мы‑то уничтожаем его промышленным способом. Мы завод построили, деньги истратили. Мы что, богаче Соединённых Штатов, что ли?
И очень по многим вопросам нам очень трудно разговаривать с администрацией сегодняшней, потому что ничего почти не выполняется, почти никакие договорённости не исполняются, в том числе и по Сирии. Может, ещё к этому вернёмся. Но мы готовы будем разговаривать с новым президентом и искать решения любых сложных вопросов, любых.
Вопрос (как переведено): Господин Президент, хотел бы задать Вам вопрос по политике России в отношении Азии. Сегодня акцент делается на построении многополярного мира во внешней политике России. Но помимо этого вы также уделяете особое внимание многополярности в Азии. Сегодня в Вашей речи Вы, в частности, на мой взгляд, указали на рост напряжённости в отношениях с Западом и о переориентировании на Азию. Но есть и проблемы в Азии. В частности, появление новых игроков ведёт к появлению страхов, появляются новые разделительные барьеры. Скажите, есть ли опасность того, что Россия путём акцента на многополярном мире может недооценить опасность однополярной Азии в ущерб необходимости всех великих держав работать вместе для создания нового мира?
В.Путин: Мы интенсифицируем развитие наших отношений с азиатскими странами не потому, что у нас напряглись отношения с Европой или Соединёнными Штатами. Просто то, что сейчас происходит, диктуется самой жизнью. Необходимость расширения наших контактов, увеличение этих контактов диктуются жизнью. Почему?
Рост и значение азиатских стран растут и будут расти дальше, причём достаточно высокими темпами. Но для России, значительная часть территории которой находится в Азии, было бы нелепым не использовать своё географическое преимущество и не развивать отношения с нашими соседями.
Китай – наш сосед, я говорил об этом во вступительном слове. С Индией у нас хорошая предыстория отношений, что грех было бы это не использовать для развития отношений с Индией сегодня и на длительную историческую перспективу. У нас много совпадающих интересов. Мы естественным образом взаимодополняем друг друга, кстати говоря, как в политике, так и в экономике.
Но что касается многополярности или однополярности Азии, Азия не является однополярной, мы это прекрасно видим и понимаем.
Жизнь вообще сложна и многообразна, она вообще вся соткана из противоречий. Важно только, чтобы эти противоречия разрешались цивилизованным способом. Мне кажется, что у лидеров азиатских стран сегодня достаточно здравого смысла, чтобы выйти именно на такой режим работы друг с другом. И мы готовы работать в таком же режиме со всеми.
Вы знаете, что я недавно был с визитом в Индии, только что вернулся из Индии наш Министр обороны. У нас не только по линии оборонных ведомств, по линии промышленного производства в оборонной сфере, но и в гражданских областях очень много пересекающихся интересов с Индией, Китаем, тем же Вьетнамом, с другими странами региона. И они очень перспективные и масштабные.
Т.Колтон: Тома Гомар, пожалуйста.
Т.Гомар (как переведено): Господин Президент, в сентябре 2014 года на Валдайском клубе Вы описали отношения между Украиной и Россией следующим предложением: две страны – один народ. А каким образом Вы сегодня описали бы отношения между этими двумя странами?
В.Путин: Я сейчас не буду говорить про то, кто в чём виноват, но я считаю, как и считал, что русские и украинцы – это действительно один народ. У нас есть люди крайних националистических взглядов, как в России, так и в Украине. Но в целом в большинстве своём это один народ – народ одной истории, одной культуры, очень близкий этнически. Нас сначала разделили, а потом стравили, но мы сами в этом виноваты. И мы должны сами найти выход из этой ситуации. Уверен, что здравый смысл восторжествует, и мы этот выход найдём.
Вопрос: Уважаемый господин Президент! До моего вопроса хотел бы очень коротко передать Вам слова моих молодых студентов. Два года назад, когда Вы были в Шанхае по очень важным другим делам, наши студенты пропустили шанс встретиться в университете с Вами и Вас спросить. Но они сказали мне, что всегда Вас ждут. И это не зависит от того, будете Вы на пенсии или нет.
Мой вопрос такой. Сегодня мы обсуждаем философский вопрос международных отношений. Человеческое сообщество уже переживало многие вариантов международной системы. По Вашему представлению, будущие системы до какой степени будут похожи на бывшие? И на какие положительные элементы нам больше нужно обращать внимания? Это немножко теоретически, по каким принципам, более универсальным или более многообразным? Какие сочетания, какие комбинации среди них Вы предпочитаете?
Ещё конкретный вопрос. В текущие дни очень оживлённо обсуждаем вопрос, какие взаимоотношения между Россией, Западом и Китаем.
В.Путин: Хайнц здесь такую ремарку сделал, что это очень философский вопрос, об этом можно долго рассуждать.
Будет ли мир будущего таким, каким он был в прошлом? Конечно, нет. Разве это возможно? Мир меняется очень сильно. Разве Китай 60–70‑х годов похож на Китай сегодняшнего дня? Совсем две разные страны, да и Советского Союза нет.
Господин Мбеке говорил про Африку. Я с этими тезисами согласен. Но Африка не может быть где‑то на периферии. Если кто‑то так думает, то он глубоко заблуждается. Если мы будем действовать именно таким образом, нас ждут очень тяжёлые испытания. Мы уже сейчас видим, говорят: беженцы-беженцы, Сирия-Сирия. Я сегодня только смотрел – очередное событие в Средиземном море, где итальянская береговая охрана вылавливала беженцев из Африки. При чём здесь Сирия? Вы знаете, это очень серьёзный вопрос – будущее мира и будущее Африки. Так же и взаимоотношения в Азии, там много конфликтных, таких потенциально конфликтных ситуаций.
Хочу повторить то, что я только что сказал. Вопрос в том, хватит ли у нас ума и мужества найти приемлемые способы решения всех этих проблем и сложных конфликтов. Мне бы очень хотелось, чтобы это было именно так, чтобы мир действительно стал многополярным и чтобы учитывались мнения всех участников международного сообщества. Маленькая это страна или большая, должны быть единообразно понимаемые общие правила, гарантирующие суверенитет и интересы народов.
А что касается наших взаимоотношений между нашими партнёрами в Европе, в Соединённых Штатах, в Америке вообще, в азиатских странах, мы выстраиваем разновекторную политику, и не только в силу своего географического положения. Наша политика в отношении всех наших партнёров строится на основе равноправия и взаимного уважения.
Т.Колтон: Хорошо.
Николай Злобин, пожалуйста.
Н.Злобин: Владимир Владимирович, у меня вопрос тоже философский, но я подразумеваю, что Вы уже думали на эту тему, поэтому хотел бы получить от Вас ответ в Вашем стиле. Вы умеете формулировать афористично, мы все это знаем.
Я вернусь к Вашей речи, к ней пока никто не апеллировал. Я не согласен с одной вещью в Вашей речи, где Вы описывали мир. Вы описывали его правильно, но мне кажется, что сводить всё к злой воле элит или каких‑то отдельных лидеров, это не совсем правильно. Страны действуют под влиянием очень большого количества объективных факторов. Даже Вы сейчас, говоря о евразийском сотрудничестве, сказали, что жизнь требует так поступать. Я помню, когда была история с Крымом, Вы сказали: я не мог поступить иначе, хотя весь мир считал, что это не самый лучший жест доброй воли.
Мой вопрос в этой связи. Думаю, что страны действуют под влиянием национальных интересов, того, как они видят мир. И очень часто эти национальные интересы входят в противоречия, одной страны и другой страны.
Однажды в интервью какому‑то западному агентству Вы сказали, что Ваша работа – продвигать национальные интересы России. Поэтому я подозреваю, что Вы знаете, что такое национальные интересы России, причём не тактические, не сегодняшние, а фундаментальные, которые существовали раньше и будут существовать потом. Думаю, что Вам ещё рано на пенсию уходить, но всё равно когда‑нибудь это случится, и национальные интересы сохранятся. Есть у Вас формула в голове, ёмкая, хорошая, как объяснить миру? Потому что одна из проблем, что Россия воспринимается страной непредсказуемой. Можете Вы объяснить одной формулой, которая сохранится надолго, что такое национальные интересы России?
В.Путин: То, что хорошо для русского человека, то и национальные интересы России и вообще для народов Российской Федерации. Но вопрос не в том, чтобы любой ценой продвигать эти национальные интересы, вопрос в том, как это делать. Я хочу вернуть нас к ставшему ключевым вопросу: мы считаем, что добиваться своих национальных интересов нужно в диалоге со всеми участниками международной жизни, уважая их интересы и пользуясь единообразно понимаемыми правилами игры, которые называются «международное право».
Кстати, когда выступала Тарья, она сказала, что несколько мрачновато прозвучали мои оценки. Если именно так и восприняли, что исключительно в ошибках элит заключаются все проблемы сегодняшнего дня, то, конечно, я не это имел в виду. Это одна из серьёзных проблем сегодняшнего дня – расхождения между интересами так называемых широких масс и правящими классами, но не единственная, а в основе, конечно, лежат и интересы, но способы достижения своих интересов важны, вот что важно.
А.Мухин: Владимир Владимирович, на Украине постоянно пытаются что‑нибудь запретить российское. И складывается такое ощущение, что любые российские компоненты просто выдавливаются из украинского общества. В этой связи у меня тоже философский вопрос. Пётр Порошенко говорил о том, что он намерен продать свой российский бизнес. Этот бизнес существует вообще или нет? И как Вы к этому относитесь?
В.Путин: Мы стремимся к тому, чтобы уважать право собственности. Алексей Леонидович – горячий приверженец, считает, что это один из столпов экономической политики, и в этом смысле я с ним полностью согласен. У нас далеко не всегда так получается, нам практику нужно ещё поправлять, и в законодательстве многое нужно сделать, но мы всегда будем к этому стремиться.
То же самое касается и наших иностранных инвесторов, в том числе и украинских инвесторов. Пётр Алексеевич Порошенко является одним из таких инвесторов, имею в виду, что он является собственником достаточно крупного предприятия в Липецкой области – фабрики «Рошен». Там, собственно, два предприятия, второе занимается, по‑моему, реализацией продукции. Там есть некоторые проблемы, связанные с невозвратом НДС, и судебные органы ввели определённые ограничительные меры, но фабрика работает, работает ритмично, выплачивает зарплату, получает прибыль, и нет никаких ограничений, связанных с использованием этой прибыли, в том числе и с переводом её за границу. Я сейчас не помню, сколько, не погружаюсь в такие детали, но она работает с прибылью, и работает успешно.
П.Дуткевич: Господин Президент, я уже задал этот вопрос заместителю Министра иностранных дел вчера, но я понял свою ошибку, потому что исключительным адресатом этого вопроса являетесь Вы, Владимир Владимирович.
Вопрос такой: поступила информация, я не знаю, насколько она достоверна, что во время встречи с господином Обамой в Китае в сентябре этого года Вы разговаривали о перемирии в Сирии. Не знаю, насколько это достоверно, но Вам предложили семидневное перемирие. Вы засомневались и сказали, что невозможно за такой короткий период развести радикалов от мирных, и вряд ли можно это сделать. Поэтому Вам на это был ответ, что если мы не сумеем это сделать, тогда у вас свободные руки. Вы можете вспомнить этот разговор? Потому что он очень важный для истории того, что происходит сейчас в Сирии.
В.Путин: Да мне и не нужно его вспоминать, я его и не забывал. Это очень важный разговор. Там действительно шла речь о том, чтобы прекратить работу российской и сирийской авиации по нанесению ударов по объектам террористов в Алеппо до разделения так называемой здоровой части оппозиции от «Джабхат ан-Нусры» – террористической организации, признанной в таком качестве Организацией Объединённых Наций, входящей в перечень международных террористических организаций.
В этой связи хотел бы заметить, что не секретом является то, что нам наши американские партнёры обещали это сделать. Они признали, во‑первых, что это нужно сделать, они признали, что часть Алеппо занята террористическими организациями – и ИГИЛ, и «Джабхат ан-Нусрой». Собственно говоря, это видно на кадрах телевизионной хроники, когда мы видим знамя ИГИЛ, знамя «Джабхат ан-Нусры» в определённых районах Алеппо. Они признали, что это надо сделать, и заверили нас, что сделают это.
А после этого мы договорились о том, что вместе определим прямо на поле боя, где здоровая часть оппозиции, и мы их не будем трогать вообще, а где террористы, и мы будем вместе с американскими нашими партнёрами работать по этим террористам. Они обещали нам многократно и на уровне Минобороны, и на уровне министров иностранных дел, и на уровне специальных служб. К сожалению, раз за разом всё это срывалось, и они этого не делали.
В очередной раз этот вопрос был поднят во время нашей встречи в Китае. Действительно, мой американский партнёр, Президент Обама, предложил в очередной раз их развести. Но он настаивал на том, чтобы сначала мы объявили день Д, день тишины, прекратили бы боевые действия, удары авиации, а затем в течение семи дней они брали бы на себя обязательство развести оппозицию здоровую и «Джабхат ан-Нусру» друг с другом. Я сейчас не буду говорить о деталях, потому что не считаю себя вправе какие‑то детали воспроизводить вслух. Всё‑таки в ходе таких переговоров остаётся какая‑то часть, которая доверительно доводится друг до друга. Но факт остаётся фактом.
Вместо того чтобы развести террористов, «Джабхат ан-Нусру», и здоровую часть оппозиции, наши американские партнёры сами сорвали это перемирие. Кстати говоря, в конечном итоге я хоть и настаивал на том, что сначала развести нужно, а потом прекратить полёты авиации, но в ходе дискуссии согласился с мнением американского партнёра. Он настаивал, и я с ним согласился, пошёл навстречу, сказал: ладно, бог с ним, мы сначала объявляем перемирие, не будем летать, не будем наносить удары, пожалуйста, вот вам семь дней.
Перемирие было объявлено, по‑моему, 12 сентября. 17‑го американская авиация нанесла удар по сирийским войскам, после чего подразделения ИГИЛ перешли в наступление. Нам сказали, что удар был нанесён по ошибке, а ИГИЛ перешёл в наступление случайно, это случайность. Может быть, и так, но перемирие было сорвано и далеко не по нашей вине.
А что там обещал или что не обещал Президент Соединённых Штатов, это всё‑таки Вы спрашивайте у него. Я думаю, что в ходе, допустим, своей поездки по европейским странам он сам об этом расскажет нашим европейским уже партнёрам. И думаю, что нужно сделать это откровенно и честно, а не просто использовать их для того, чтобы повлиять на нашу позицию по Сирии.
Да, кстати говоря, вы знаете, сегодня уже девятый день, когда российская и сирийская авиация в районе Алеппо просто не работает. Вот вам ещё не семь дней, вот вам ещё девять, уже десять дней сейчас будет. Где разведение террористов и здоровой части оппозиции? Понимаете, если мы не будем выполнять взятых на себя обязательств, мы никогда не добьёмся успеха в решении задач борьбы с террором.
Я понимаю, это непростая задача, и мы здесь не склонны никого ни в чём обвинять, но уж если о чём‑то договорились, надо исполнять. Во всяком случае, на нас не перекладывать вину и не обвинять во всех смертных грехах. Это просто неприлично. Мы пока ведём себя сдержанно и также по‑хамски нашим партнёрам не отвечаем, но всё имеет свои границы, можем и ответить.
Т.Колтон: Господин Черногорский из Словакии. Пожалуйста, Вам слово.
Черногорский: Я буду как будто продолжать вопрос Анджелы Стент, хотя мы не договорились. Господин Президент, условия, которые, Вы сказали, в связи с договором об утилизации плутония, по сути, являются наступательными условиями. Когда бы эти условия были исполнены, это бы означало практически, что будут аннулированы все отступления России практически со времён Михаила Горбачёва. Меня интересует время. Как Вы оцениваете, когда бы такие условия могли быть исполнены или, скажу это по‑другому, думаете, что Вы увидите исполнение этих условий ещё как Президент Российской Федерации?
В.Путин: Условия, о которых Вы говорили сейчас и которые Вы назвали наступательными, они изложены на бумаге. Это Указ Президента Российской Федерации. Это бумажка.
А условия уничтожения оружейного плутония, которые нарушили Соединённые Штаты, – это очень серьёзный вопрос в сфере международной безопасности и обращения ядерных материалов. Это совершенно две разные категории. И мы вышли из этого договора, потому что Соединённые Штаты не выполняют взятых на себя обязательств. А об условиях того, как вести нам переговорный процесс по широкому кругу проблем, мы договоримся.
Т.Колтон: Михаил Погребинский, пожалуйста, из Киева.
М.Погребинский: Владимир Владимирович, возвращаюсь к вопросу, который был задан коллегой из Германии. Мне кажется, Вы не вполне ответили на него, а это важно, по‑моему.
Речь идёт о том, что, действительно, насколько мы понимаем, интерпретации результатов этого Берлина были разные в Киеве и в Москве. Во всяком случае, два слова скажу, что киевская интерпретация такая: главный успех Порошенко на этих переговорах – это то, что он убедил ООН и вообще участники переговоров убедили Вас в том, что Вы согласились на полицейскую миссию.
При этом в Киеве понимают эту полицейскую миссию как некую такую систему, которая будет с оружием обеспечивать безопасность до проведения выборов и после проведения выборов какое‑то время. Информация из Москвы официальная была такая, что, в общем, не совсем так.
Можете внести какую‑то ясность по этому поводу, чтобы было понятно?
В.Путин: Я могу попросить Тарью или Ханца, они очень хорошо знают, что такое ОБСЕ, как работает эта организация. Скажу Вам свою позицию по этому вопросу.
Президент Порошенко выступил с инициативой так называемой полицейской миссии во время проведения будущих возможных выборов в Донбассе, в Донецке и Луганске. Я единственный, кто его поддержал. Просто я не называю это полицейской миссией в силу того, что вообще все остальные участники процесса возражают, а возражают не потому, что не хотят помочь Петру Алексеевичу, а потому, что ОБСЕ никогда ничего подобного не делала, у неё нет такого опыта, нет людей, нет практики осуществления каких бы то ни было полицейских миссий.
И на сегодняшний день эта идея, выдвинутая Петром Алексеевичем Порошенко и поддержанная Вашим покорным слугой, она другими участниками этого процесса не поддерживается, но мы называем это не полицейской миссией, а возможностью тех, кто будет обеспечивать выборы и безопасность на выборах, находиться там с табельным стрелковым оружием. Те, кто против реализации этого предложения, указывают на то, что это может спровоцировать неизвестно кого на применение оружия против вооружённых людей.
Они считают, что сила наблюдателей ОБСЕ заключается не в том, что у них табельное оружие, а в том, что они как раз представляют общепризнанную мировую солидную международную организацию, и как раз они сами не вооружены, и применять против них силу и оружие – это абсолютно неприемлемо и будет восприниматься как самое неприемлемое поведение кого бы то ни было. И в этом их сила, а не в том, что у них будет пистолет.
Хотя, если Пётр Алексеевич считает, что это пошло бы на пользу, я лично его поддерживаю, но я единственный, кто это делает. Это странная ситуация, это единственное, где наши мнения совпадают. Но я уже об этом говорил неоднократно, и здесь нет никакой новизны, и в конечном итоге все согласились, что это возможно, но нужно это проработать, в том числе на площадке ОБСЕ. Не знаю, Тарья меня поправит, но, по‑моему, в практике ОБСЕ никогда такого не было. Тарья, можно тебя спросить?
Т.Халонен: Да, должна честно сказать, что не могу припомнить таких случаев. Возможно, стоит спросить кого‑то, у кого есть более актуальная информация, но я займусь этим вопросом.
Т.Колтон: Представитель, пожалуйста, из Пекина.
Вопрос (как переведено): Бывший Президент Австрийской Республики господин Фишер сказал, что отношения между ЕС и Россией не такие, как 25 лет назад ожидалось, какими они будут. И, к сожалению, это сейчас имеет место, но нам нужно быть оптимистами тем не менее.
И хочу спросить господина Президента: с Вашей точки, почему это так происходит? И какие могут быть ожидания? Какие ожидания 25 лет назад были неверными или были неверными всё время? И с философской точки зрения какие уроки, как Вам кажется, следует извлечь для следующих 25 лет?
В.Путин: Что было сделано правильно, а что неправильно? Ожидания были большие в связи с тем, что Советский Союз перешёл к политике открытости, в связи с тем что практически то, что считалось главным, что разделяло Советский Союз и потом Россию, и западный мир, исчезло – я имею в виду идеологические разногласия. И, откровенно говоря, у нас сначала и в Советском Союзе при Горбачёве, а дальше и в России все считали, что сейчас начнётся совершенно другая жизнь. Вот здесь один из наших экспертов правильно сказал: существуют вещи, как оказалось, гораздо более глубинные, чем даже идеологические противоречия, а это так называемые и национальные, и геополитические интересы.
Можно было бы сделать что‑то по‑другому? Да, можно. Я на прошлой встрече здесь, по‑моему, в этом зале, говорил: был такой немецкий политик господин Рау, известный деятель Социал-демократической партии Германии, его уже нет среди нас, но он тогда вёл очень активную дискуссию с руководством Советского Союза. И он тогда говорил – у нас есть записи этих бесед, мы до сих пор никак не можем это опубликовать, но надо это сделать, – что в Европе должна быть создана новая система международной безопасности.
Помимо НАТО нужно создать ещё структуру, в которую входил бы и Советский Союз, и те страны, которые выходят из Варшавского договора, но с участием США, с тем чтобы была сбалансированная система. И дальше он продолжал, что если этого не будет сделано, в конечном итоге это будет приводить к тому, что вся эта система, созданная во времена холодной войны, будет работать против Советского Союза. И он говорил, что это беспокоит меня только потому, что это будет разбалансировать всю систему международных отношений и вопросы безопасности в Европе будут подвергаться серьёзным испытаниям.
Как этот дед сказал, так и случилось. И тогда вот те люди, которые работали над преобразованиями в мире, одни не хотели ничего менять, им представлялось, что и так они на коне, а другие не имели политической воли, чтобы реализовать эти абсолютно правильные мысли очень мудрого и опытного немецкого политика.
Но я надеюсь, что всё‑таки с изменением реального соотношения сил в мире будет меняться и политико-дипломатическое и нормативное сопровождение этих изменений в лучшую сторону. Мир будет более сбалансированным и многополярным.
Х.Фишер: Могу добавить следующее, что 25 лет назад, в начале 90‑х годов, в Европейском союзе было 12 членов. Швеция, Финляндия, Австрия присоединились лишь в 1994–1995 годах. Это была эпоха такого «медового месяца» между Россией и Европой, в частности между Россией и Германией, Россией и другими важными странами Европы. Это был период до экономического кризиса, когда темпы экономического роста были более высокими, перед введением евро. Введение евро – очень важная мера, но евро – это также проблематичный компонент, если вы посмотрите на ситуацию в Греции или в Италии. Такие факторы тоже следует принимать во внимание.
Спасибо.
Т.Халонен: Я также хотела бы добавить, что 25 лет назад Россия была другой, Европейский союз был другим. Я также была вовлечена в этот процесс. Думаю, что урок, который мы могли бы извлечь со стороны ЕС и со стороны Совета ЕС – это была очень хорошая возможность для расширения. Возможно, нам следовало бы больше вкладывать в процесс расширения, не только до процесса расширения, но и после процесса расширения. И, возможно, процесс проходил бы легче сегодня. Но, конечно, всегда времени не хватает. Мы не можем вернуться в прошлое, мы сейчас стараемся строить будущее дальше.
Т.Колтон: Габор Штиер, пожалуйста.
Г.Штиер: Мой вопрос Президенту Путину об Украине.
С приближением зимы обычно в последние годы часто говорим о том, что будет на Украине, что будет с безопасностью экспорта российского газа. Будет ли тепло в украинских квартирах? Будет ли Киев платить за газ? Откуда будет покупать? Мой вопрос следующий. Ведутся ли переговоры о поставке газа теперь в Украину? И говорили ли об этом с украинским Президентом в Берлине?
В.Путин: У нас вызывает обеспокоенность то, что происходит сейчас с этой энергетической, очень важной составляющей на Украине. Потому что, по нашему мнению, по мнению наших специалистов, а они не хуже, чем на Украине, потому что это когда‑то был единый комплекс, как известно, во времена Советского Союза, мы прекрасно себе отдаём отчёт в том, что там происходит. Для того чтобы обеспечить бесперебойные поставки в Европу, нужно закачать необходимый объём в подземные хранилища. Не для внутреннего потребления, а для обеспечения транзита. Вот в чём технологический смысл того, что было сделано ещё во времена Советского Союза.
Газа закачано мало, недостаточно. В принципе от 17 до 21 миллиарда должно быть закачено в подземное хранилище, закачано только, по‑моему, четырнадцать, и более того, сейчас уже начался отбор оттуда. Это вызывает определённые опасения. Мы с Президентом Украины по его инициативе обсуждали вопрос с газоснабжением Украины. Он задал вопрос, может ли Россия возобновить поставки. Конечно, может в любую секунду. Для этого ничего не нужно.
У нас есть контракт, есть дополнение к нему. Нужно только одно – предоплата. И на тот объём денег, которые будут предоплачены, мы точно и гарантированно будем осуществлять поставки наших энергоносителей для потребителей Украины. Но сегодня цена для Украины, а мы договорились об этом раньше, мы сказали об этом раньше, ещё в прошлом году, будет не выше, хочу это подчеркнуть, не выше, чем у соседних государств, в частности для Польши.
Сейчас самой актуальной ценовой ситуации не знаю, но на момент нашего разговора Польша у нас по тем договорным обязательствам, которые есть и которые действуют, покупала газ где‑то по 185, по 184 доллара за тысячу кубов. Украине мы могли бы продавать за 180. Я эту цену назвал – 180 долларов за 1 тысячу кубов. Но нам сказали, что лучше им покупать по реверсу, – пожалуйста. Это, правда, нарушение контрактов между «Газпромом» и его контрагентами в Западной Европе, но мы смотрим на это уже сквозь пальцы, с пониманием.
Если нравится больше по реверсу – пожалуйста, пусть по реверсу покупают, но, насколько мне известно, стоимость газа для конечного потребителя, для промышленных потребителей на Украине сегодня уже превышает 300 долларов за 1 тысячу кубов. Мы предлагаем продавать по 180, но у нас брать пока не хотят. У меня есть основания полагать, что посредники, которые участвуют в этих сделках, покупая по реверсу, видимо, близки сердцу некоторых руководителей в топливно-энергетическом комплексе на Украине. Флаг им в руки, пусть они работают, только главное, чтобы они обеспечили транзит в европейские страны.
Ф.Лукьянов: Владимир Владимирович, в развитие темы, которую Вы и в речи затронули, и потом немножко звучала. Мы все читаем газеты, ведущие мировые журналы, обложки смотрим, тоже очень красивые бывают, наверное, и Вы тоже видите что‑то из этого. Вам приятно чувствовать себя самым опасным и самым могущественным человеком в мире? Это вообще высокая очень оценка ведь.
В.Путин: Вы знаете, мне, конечно, приятно с вами беседовать сегодня, не скрою, и я люблю это дело. Но гораздо более важным считаю прохождение бюджета Российской Федерации через российский парламент, с тем чтобы нам обеспечить воздействие бюджета на решение самых главных вопросов, перед которыми стоит страна. А именно: обеспечение темпов устойчивого роста, необходимых для нашей экономики, решение социальных задач. У нас их огромное количество. Слава богу, нам удаётся сейчас сдерживать инфляцию, которая у нас будет в этом году, надеюсь, все эксперты так говорят, ниже шести процентов. У нас дефицит бюджета, надеюсь, не превысит заданных величин, где‑то три процента.
Как вы знаете, у нас кардинальным образом, в разы, уменьшился отток капитала. Разные есть причины на этот счёт, они есть разные, но реально уменьшился этот отток. У нас много нерешённых проблем, перед которыми стоит страна. И только от решения этих проблем, прежде всего в сфере экономики, социальной сфере, зависит внутренняя политическая стабильность и вес России в мире. Вот я о чём думаю, а не о каком‑то мифическом могуществе.
Т.Колтон: Мы работаем уже два с половиной часа. Мне как модератору надо Вам задать вопрос. Сколько у Вас остаётся резерва времени и терпения? Ваше решение.
В.Путин: Я пришёл сюда, чтобы пообщаться с аудиторией. Вы здесь руководите процессом…
Т.Колтон: Я местный президент, можно сказать.
В.Путин: Я готов подчиниться тому регламенту, который Вы здесь будете продвигать. Пожалуйста.
Т.Колтон: Давайте, работаем ещё полчаса. Он готов. Хорошо.
В таком случае у меня ещё список желающих задать вопросы. Я попытаюсь внести в него обновления.
Следующий выступающий Юрий Слёзкин, Калифорния.
Ю.Слёзкин: Как Вы думаете, какие темы будут главными в главе «Путинская эпоха» в будущих учебниках русской истории? То есть эти учебники уже пишутся, эти главы уже некоторые начинают писать. Некоторые называют Вас строителем государства, преобразователем, централизатором и сравнивают с Екатериной, Петром и другими.
Некоторые считают Вас по большей части консерватором и охранителем. Некоторые делят Ваше правление на два периода: первый – строительство и укрепление государства, и второй период – реакции. И в этом смысле сравнивают Вас со Сталиным и Иваном Грозным среди прочих. Как Вы себе представляете эту главу будущего учебника?
И если я могу ещё задать вопрос, имеющий к первому вопросу отношение: о ком и о чём, по‑Вашему, будет следующая глава? Потому что у нас тут два дня назад Вячеслав Володин повторил своё утверждение двухлетней давности о том, что нет Путина – нет России. И это, мне кажется, подчёркивает важность одного из основных вопросов любой политической системы – вопроса о механизме наследования власти, механизме преемственности. О механизме, который в русской истории очень редко работал гладко и предсказуемо. Что, по‑Вашему, нужно сделать, чтобы следующая глава в нашем учебнике русской истории не называлась «Смутное время»?
В.Путин: На Екатерину я точно не похож по гендерному признаку.
Что касается того главного, о чём, мне кажется, будет интересно узнать будущим исследователям русской истории: главное заключается в том, как нам удалось добиться сплочённости российского общества и русского народа, объединить всех вокруг решения общенациональной задачи. А позволю себе вернуться в ещё советскую историографию и всё‑таки подчеркнуть, что при всей важности личности в истории всё‑таки реальным творцом являются сами люди, сами граждане страны.
А на Ваш вопрос о том, в отношении кого и в отношении чего можно будет писать следующую главу, на это тоже ответят люди, в отношении того, кого они выберут, и в отношении того, что эти люди вместе с будущим руководством страны сделают.
Вопрос: Добрый день! Вашингтонское отделение Международного института стратегических исследований. У меня три конкретных нефилософских вопроса.
В.Путин: Вы шпион?
Реплика: Нет. (Смех.)
В.Путин: А кто же тогда?
Реплика: Учёный.
В.Путин: Нет, я здесь ничего плохого не вижу. Ладно, потом я расскажу историю про одного крупного очень известного политического деятеля в США, которого я очень уважаю и очень люблю. У нас с ним был такой интересный разговор на этот счёт.
Пожалуйста, извините.
Вопрос: У меня вопрос по поводу договора об РСМД. Сейчас он испытывает большие трудности, как Вы знаете; есть много громких взаимных обвинений и так далее. И в этом контексте очень важно понимать общий подход России к этому договору. Есть ли ценность для России в этом договоре – если да, то какая? И вообще стоит ли этот договор сохранить?
В.Путин: Он представил бы очень большую ценность для нас, если бы нашему с Соединёнными Штатами примеру последовали другие страны. Ведь что получилось: наивное бывшее российское руководство пошло на то, чтобы ликвидировать ракеты средней дальности наземного базирования. Американцы ликвидировали «Першинги», мы – ракеты СС-20, их порезали. Была в этой связи известная трагедия, которая связана с тем, что главный конструктор этих систем покончил жизнь самоубийством, посчитал, что это предательство национальных интересов и одностороннее разоружение.
Почему одностороннее? А потому что по этому соглашению мы наземный комплекс порезали, но это соглашение не затронуло ракет средней дальности, расположенных на море и в воздухе. Воздушного и морского базирования (это соглашение ракетно-воздушного и морского базирования) это соглашение не коснулось. У Советского Союза их просто не было, а Соединённые Штаты их оставили на вооружении.
Но получилась явная диспропорция: Соединённые Штаты оказались вооружены ракетами средней дальности – какая разница, они на море находятся, в воздухе тем более или на суше; а Советский Союз просто лишил себя этого вида оружия. Тем более что соседние наши государства – вот в Штатах никто из соседей Соединённых Штатов такое оружие не производят: ни Канада, ни Мексика, а у нас соседние страны почти всё производят: и страны на востоке наших границ, и на Ближнем Востоке, и так далее – кругом. Поэтому для нас это особое испытание, но тем не менее мы считаем необходимым соблюдать это соглашение. Тем более, как вы знаете, у нас тоже сейчас появилось такое же оружие – ракета средней дальности морского и воздушного базирования.
Т.Колтон: Я передаю слово господину Тайсу Кею, Токио.
Тайс Кей: Токийский фонд, Япония. Наконец‑то в сентябре объявлена дата Вашего визита в Японию: это 15 декабря. И сейчас идут интенсивные переговоры о подготовке к этому. Уверен, что ваш визит окажет большой толчок к укреплению отношений между Японией и Россией.
В связи с этим у меня такой вопрос. Накануне Вашей встречи с Премьер-министром Абэ во Владивостоке Вы дали интервью, что нынешнего состояния атмосферы между Японией и Россией недостаточно для подписания мирного договора. У меня такой вопрос: Вы сохраняете такую же оценку сейчас? И если это так, то насколько реалистично ожидать создания атмосферы, которая позволит Японии и России подписать мировой договор в ближайшем будущем – я имею в виду в течение двух, трёх, четырёх лет?
В.Путин: Вы знаете, это тот случай, где, на мой взгляд, нельзя, невозможно и даже вредно определять какие‑то сроки. Скажем, мы с Китайской Народной Республикой вели переговоры по территориальным вопросам на границе в течение 40 лет. И мы договорились окончательно и подписали соответствующее соглашение, в том числе, а может быть, прежде всего потому, что мы с Китаем достигли беспрецедентного уровня сотрудничества, который мы называем больше, чем стратегическим партнёрством – привилегированное стратегическое партнёрство. Так и есть, очень большая степень доверия. И конечно, к сожалению, наши отношения с Японией такого качества ещё не достигли. Но это не значит, что мы не можем этого сделать. Более того, на мой взгляд, и Япония, и Россия заинтересованы в окончательном урегулировании вообще всех вопросов, потому что это соответствует нашим взаимным национальным интересам. Мы этого хотим, мы к этому стремимся.
Когда это будет сделано, как это будет сделано и будет ли сделано вообще, я сейчас ответить не могу. Это вопрос, который мы должны решать вместе, и опираясь на то, что уже было достигнуто в прежние времена, и, конечно, главным образом посматривая в будущее. Я очень рассчитываю, что наши МИДы, наши эксперты внесут в это достойный вклад, и мы сможем на это опереться.
О.Москателли: Вице-министр иностранных дел Богданов нам сказал, что если Ливия или Ирак попросят помощь России против терроризма, Вы будете принимать это серьёзно во внимание. Скажите нам, пожалуйста, на самом деле возможна новая практически военная российская интервенция на Ближнем Востоке, и думаете ли Вы, что это могло бы помочь разрешить проблемы в регионе или наоборот?
В.Путин: А что вы понимаете под словом «интервенция»? Это незаконное или законное участие, что?
О.Москателли: Помощь против терроризма – значит, либо нанести удар… Я не знаю, как Вы на это смотрите, но если принимать серьёзно во внимание, значит, какая‑то, может быть, интервенция, это неправильное слово, но акция военная точно.
В.Путин: Я понял. Нет, мы ничего подобного нигде не планируем.
К.Затулин: Владимир Владимирович, на дискуссии, которая у нас была здесь по Сирии, я задал вопрос Клиффорду Капчану, на который он не ответил. Я сказал о том, что мы пришли в Ближний Восток, в Сирию в том числе для того, чтобы помочь в чувствительном для Запада вопросе борьбы с терроризмом, но сейчас наблюдаем двойные стандарты, когда дело касается операции в Алеппо и операции в Мосуле.
И вопрос мой заключался в том, достигли бы мы победы во Второй мировой войне, если бы всё время любые действия на советско-германском фронте сопровождались бы обвинениями в том, что мы неправильно воюем, со стороны наших союзников, а в свою очередь мы бы обвиняли их в том, что они неправильно воюют на Тихом океане. Вопрос о двойных стандартах, и даже не связанный с Мосулом и Алеппо – с другой территорией. В Сирии нас убеждают, что надо иметь в виду всегда точку зрения оппозиции: она уважаемая, её приглашают в Лозанну, в Женеву и так далее.
Когда дело касается переговоров по Украине, то мы ведём переговоры в формате «нормандской четвёрки», но официально в переговорах никогда не участвуют ДНР и ЛНР. Это непризнанные государства, но это сторона конфликта. Почему она не признаётся стороной конфликта? Это то, что происходит в Приднестровье, то, что было в Абхазии, в Осетии и так далее. Можно ли этого добиться и нужно ли?
В.Путин: Это даже не вопрос – это констатация печального факта, согласно которому нарушаются вообще принципы урегулирования конфликтов, когда, конечно, должны непосредственное участие в выработке решений принимать конфликтующие стороны. Первое.
И, второе, это нарушение самих договорённостей в Минске, потому что там предусмотрено, что напрямую диалог будет. Ведь Минские соглашения подписаны как раз представителями Донецкой и Луганской народных республик. Украинская сторона настаивала на том, чтобы там стояли подписи руководителей этих республик. Мы эти подписи получили, а теперь с ними отказываются разговаривать. Даже логики в этом нет никакой. Это, конечно, контрпродуктивно. Вот и всё, вот и весь комментарий.
Давайте мы всё‑таки дадим слово нашим иностранным друзьям. Попрошу наших российских коллег не обижаться, всё‑таки наши гости приехали издалека, давайте им дадим слово. Пожалуйста.
Вопрос (как переведено): Для меня большая честь быть приглашённым сюда уже шестой раз подряд. У меня очень простой вопрос. Все мы представляем разные страны мира, у нас разное мнения насчёт того, что Вы делаете, у нас разное мнение насчёт внешней политики России. Но Вы приезжаете сюда для глубоких обсуждений с нами, Вы проводите с нами большое количество времени. Мы знаем, что у Вас очень плотное расписание, Вы один из самых занятых, наверное, людей. Поэтому мой вопрос: зачем Вы сюда приезжаете, зачем Вы с нами разговариваете? Я знаю, что Вы единственный лидер, который таким образом обменивается мнением с представителями интеллектуальной элиты со всего мира. В чём выгода лично для Вас? Как Вы можете содействовать национальным интересам России здесь и за пределами?
В.Путин: Две задачи. Первая – послушать умных людей, экспертов. Мне реально интересно ваше мнение, это полезно и для меня, и для моих коллег. И второе – донести до вас и через вас нашу точку зрения из первых уст. Вот и всё. Я считаю, что это важно.
Пожалуйста.
Вопрос (как переведено): Спасибо, господин Президент.
Мне неважно, зачем Вы здесь, но я очень благодарна Вам, что Вы здесь. Думаю, для нас большая честь, что Вы здесь присутствуете.
Мой вопрос касается отношений с США. Критика США в Вашем выступлении была гораздо менее резкой, чем несколько лет назад, но я не думаю, что кто‑либо здесь был бы удивлён тому, что большая часть критики была направлена на США.
Когда я слушала Ваше выступление о выборах в США, о нашем поведении, я не могла не думать о заголовке в США, когда будет опубликована запись наших обсуждений. Хочу Вам рассказать о тех заметках, которые я сделала.
Люди в Америке говорят: действительно ли российский лидер верит, что описание американского политического процесса, которое он представил, выдвигается для того, чтобы противодействовать критике, звучащей в Америке, в отношении российского политического процесса, или же это возврат к чему‑то тому, что, на Ваш взгляд, являлось нашей системой, но на самом деле не является? В этом заключается мой вопрос, поскольку Ваше описание нашего избирательного процесса звучит действительно так же, как наше описание вашего избирательного процесса. Это первый вопрос.
Второй вопрос. Описание нарушений международного права, например, в Белграде, звучит точно так же, как наше описание того, что произошло в Крыму. Поэтому хотела бы задать Вам следующий вопрос. Наш диалог с обеих сторон – способствуют ли ему такие описания, которые звучат и с российского телевидения, и с американского телевидения?
У нас есть такое выражение, что, если вы в яме, единственный способ выбраться оттуда – перестать копать эту яму. И поэтому такие односторонние шаги, шаги в отношениях с другими странами, – есть ли какие‑то шаги, которые могли бы быть предприняты, чтобы порвать этот порочный круг, который заключается в том, что мы описываем друг друга таким образом, что не способствуем развитию наших отношений? Мне кажется, без этого перспективы наших отношений, наверное, не очень‑то и светлые.
В.Путин: Да, конечно. Я согласен с Вами в том, что нужно, безусловно, предпринять хотя бы попытку прервать этот порочный круг. Но не мы его начали чертить, этот круг. Мы‑то, наоборот, открылись полностью в середине 1990-х годов.
Мы ожидали, что это будет равноправный диалог, что будут учитываться наши интересы, мы сможем дискутировать, в чём‑то идти навстречу друг другу. Но нельзя же решать все вопросы в одностороннем порядке, и всё. И любой ценой добиваться своих целей.
Вот Вы привели пример бомбардировок, скажем, бывшей Югославии, Белграда и Крыма. Спасибо Вам за такой пример, просто замечательный пример. Бомбардировки Белграда – вот это и есть интервенция в обход норм и правил международного права. Разве Совет Безопасности ООН принимал решение о военной интервенции в Югославии? Нет. Соединённые Штаты сделали это в одностороннем порядке.
Вы сейчас мне скажете, Вы сказали: в Крыму. А что в Крыму? Что Вы сделали в Югославии и потом отделили от неё часть государств, в том числе и Косово, а потом от Сербии. В Косово парламент проголосовал после военных действий интервенции, после многочисленных жертв. И всё, решение принято, и все с этим согласились.
В Крыму не было никакой войны. Не было никаких бомбовых ударов, военных действий, жертв нет, вообще ни один человек не погиб. Единственное, что мы сделали, – обеспечили право народа на волеизъявление в полном соответствии, кстати говоря, с уставом Организации Объединённых Наций. И слово в слово почти всё то же самое сделали, что вы сделали по Косово, только чуть больше.
В Косово парламент принял решение об отделении, а здесь люди пришли на референдум и на референдуме сказали своё мнение. А затем парламент это решение парафировал и уже как независимое государство обратился в Россию с целью воссоединения.
Конечно, можно сколько угодно пикироваться, но этот порочный круг надо прервать. Я много раз говорил об этом, хочу ещё раз сказать. Югославия, потом Ирак, я же вам говорил, потом Ливия, Афганистан, движение НАТО – это что? А потом каждый раз что‑то забывается, выбрасывается, нас на что‑то провоцируют, на какие‑то действия по защите своих интересов, а потом говорят: вот злобная Россия предпринимает такие‑то и такие‑то шаги. Так вы нас не провоцируйте на это, не провоцируйте нас на активную защиту своих интересов. Давайте мы с вами будем договариваться о чём‑то. Договориться же ни о чём невозможно. А о чём договариваемся – не выполняется.
Мне очень хотелось бы, чтобы с новой администрацией у нас сложились другие отношения – отношения партнёрства и учёта взаимных интересов.
О.Антоненко: Владимир Владимирович, если позволите, небольшую ремарку и потом вопрос. Ремарка такая: Вы в ответе на вопрос Фёдора Лукьянова сказали, что для Вас более важным является то, что происходит в России: принятие бюджета, реформы, – чем внешняя политика; поэтому она касается именно этого – того, что происходит в России.
Мы с Всемирным банком проводим каждые пять лет опросы во всех странах переходной экономики и странах бывшего Советского Союза, и в Восточной Европе, теперь в Турции и на Ближнем Востоке. И последний опрос только что закончился, и в том числе там был вопрос о том, как люди воспринимают своё положение.
И очень интересные данные по России. 30 процентов людей с самым низким доходом в России: их отношение к своей жизни за последние пять лет никоим образом не уменьшилось – наоборот, в чём‑то немного увеличилась. Это несмотря на инфляцию, несмотря на падение реального дохода, несмотря на всё, что произошло за последние три года. Но зато у тех людей, которые представляют 30 процентов наибольшего дохода, падение почти 30 процентов. Это самое большое среди всех стран переходного периода. Интересные данные.
Как Вам кажется, Вы не сказали ещё, собираетесь ли Вы баллотироваться в 2018 году, но, если Вы всё‑таки собираетесь, как Вы хотите этой категории людей доказать, что Вы отвечаете их интересам? И не кажется ли Вам, что у них есть запрос, вот то, что Алексей Леонидович Кудрин называл, – на снижение геополитической напряжённости, во‑первых; во‑вторых, на проведение реформ и, в третьих, борьбу с коррупцией.
В.Путин: У нас у всех есть запрос на снижение геополитической напряжённости, только не способом наших похорон. Если плата за то, чтобы снизить геополитическую напряжённость, – наши похороны, то нас никого это не устроит, в том числе и тех, кто проявляет сомнение по поводу эффективности работы действующей власти, или тех, кто хотел бы серьёзных перемен. Таких немало в стране.
По поводу того, о чём Вы сказали, что большинство всё‑таки удовлетворено своим положением. Думаю, что это связано с тем, что у нас всё‑таки на минимальном уровне находится уровень безработицы: он меньше 6 процентов. Если в некоторых европейских странах за 25 зашкаливает, в странах Евросоюза, и больше – у нас в среднем меньше шести. У нас есть свои проблемы, особенно на Кавказе, там с занятостью есть проблема. Это первое.
Второе. Мы всё‑таки стремимся к исполнению своих социальных обязательств, и люди видят это, видят, что, с одной стороны, есть проблемы, но с другой стороны – государство делает всё для того, чтобы обеспечить их интересы. Мы проводим очень взвешенную социальную политику и при этом обеспечиваем макроэкономическую стабильность. Это основа того, что и такой активный слой населения, активный класс, особенно предпринимательское сообщество, может иметь перспективы улучшения ситуации.
Мы сейчас говорили, Вы говорили о геополитической напряжённости. Так мы разве в этом заинтересованы? Нельзя же добиваться от нас того, чего кто‑то хочет, исключительно, хочу это подчеркнуть – исключительно за счёт наших национальных интересов. Всё же к этому сводится. Диалога нет, понимаете, в чём дело. Формулируют позицию, объявляют её правильной, и вся дискуссия сводится к тому, как быстро мы согласимся с этой позицией. Вот и всё. Но разве такая работа возможна? Почти по любому вопросу. А там, где‑то чего‑то обещают, – не выполняют, но делают вид, что не заметили, и дальше пошли.
Вы представляете очень солидный финансовый институт, у нас хорошая предыстория отношений. Почему Вы пошли на поводу у политиков и свернули проекты в России? Это Вам вопрос. Он ведь создавался не для этого, не для того, чтобы усугублять геополитическую напряжённость, а чтобы, наоборот, сглаживать. Но даже такие институты используют для других целей. Это печально, это же не мы придумали.
В отношении этих ограничений – никому не нравится; это, конечно, вызывает наши озабоченности, это мешает нашему развитию, но мне кажется, я уже об этом говорил, что, даже если бы не было этих проблем, связанных с Украиной, с юго-востоком, с Крымом, с Сирией, всё равно нашли бы что‑нибудь другое для сдерживания России. Потому что не нравится наша независимая позиция по ряду вопросов – надо поднажать, надо заставить, надо мобилизовать ресурсы. Что‑то не сделали наши американские партнёры по сирийской проблеме (им даже неудобно, они же знают, что они не сделали, договорённости не использовали) – раз, подсылают европейцев, давайте поднажмём с другой стороны. Это не способ решения проблем.
Вот эти ограничения. Некоторые западные эксперты считают, что где‑то у нас серьёзные потери. Я думаю, что это преувеличение. Да, Вы согласны со мной, я понимаю. Считают, 0,5 процента ВВП. Я думаю, что это не так.
Сами европейские страны потеряли экспорт в Россию в объёме почти 60 миллиардов долларов или евро, не помню, где‑то 58 с чем‑то. Вот недополученная выгода от реального нормального сотрудничества. У нас‑то потери в основном связаны с падением цен на нефть, потом к ним привязаны цены на газ, а к этому привязаны цены на производство химических продуктов, удобрений, нефтехимии и так далее, и так далее. Там целая цепочка возникает. Поэтому прежде всего вот это на нас действует.
Хотя финансовые ограничения тоже вредны, они вызывают определённую нервозность у инвесторов. Это и не нравится тем 30 процентам, о которых Вы сказали. И мне не нравится. А кому может понравиться? Мы будем работать над тем, чтобы этого не было. Надо только, чтобы это была дорога с двусторонним движением.
Пожалуйста.
А.Островский: Господин Президент, за последние 15 лет Россия очень сильно продвинулась в смысле экономики. Её экономика выросла с 1 триллиона до 3,5 триллиона рублей, и Россия стала страной с доходом выше среднего. Появился очень мощный, экономически мощный средний класс и выросло первое постсоветское поколение: те, кому сегодня 25, родились в том самом 1991 году. Некоторых из них мы видели на протестах в Москве в 2011–2012 годах. Считаете ли Вы, что для дальнейшего успешного развития российской экономики нужна смена политической и экономической модели в стране? Это первый вопрос.
И второй вопрос. На Западе огромную озабоченность вызывает всё, что касается, естественно, ядерного оружия. И, когда по российским государственным каналам звучат слова о том, что Америку можно превратить в ядерный пепел (которые не звучали даже в советское время), считаете ли Вы использование самой риторики, касающейся ядерного вооружения, приемлемой?
В.Путин: Первое, что касается перемен: перемены всегда нужны, без этого наступает стагнация, – вопрос, каким способом осуществляются эти перемены. Или революционным, и это, как правило, наносит только вред. И я считаю, что часть людей, которых Вы сейчас упомянули, – иных уж нет, как у нас говорят, а те далече, – даже если предположить, что они хотели лучшего, способ достижения этих целей неправильный и вредный. Нужен эволюционный процесс. И я очень рассчитываю на то, что мы и будем двигаться этим способом, эволюционным.
Сейчас не буду вдаваться в детали, у нас просто уже формат не позволяет, но мы над этим думаем. У нас и Центр стратегических разработок функционирует, и мы привлекаем экспертов самых разных. Думаем на тему о том, как мы будем развиваться и до президентских выборов, и после 2018 года.
И по поводу атомного оружия. Бряцать атомным оружием – самое последнее дело. Это вредная риторика, и я её не приветствую. Но надо исходить из реалий, исходить из того, что ядерное оружие является фактором сдерживания и фактором обеспечения мира и безопасности во всём мире. Нельзя его рассматривать как фактор какой бы то ни было потенциальной агрессии, потому что это невозможно, это означает конец вообще существования всей нашей цивилизации, наверное.
Но как фактор сдерживания, это совершенно очевидная вещь, имеет место быть, и многие эксперты считают, что если мир не знал крупных вооружённых конфликтов 70 лет с лишним после окончания Второй мировой войны, то это в том числе благодаря наличию у ведущих стран мира ядерного оружия. Важно только, чтобы соблюдались режимы нераспространения, касающиеся самого ядерного оружия, средств доставки и чтобы все ядерные державы относились очень ответственно к своему ядерному статусу. Россия будет придерживаться именно таких подходов, несмотря ни на какие заявления, которые в ходе полемики, конечно, наверное, могут где‑то звучать. Но, повторяю, на государственном уровне Россия всегда к своему ядерному статусу будет относиться очень ответственно.
Кстати говоря, Вы дали мне повод для того, чтобы сказать о том, что, когда наши американские партнёры в одностороннем порядке вышли из Договора по противоракетной обороне (напомню, что я сейчас скажу, это очень важно), мы сказали, что поскольку мы сейчас не готовы развивать такие системы, они неизвестно как будут работать, насколько они эффективны, но это вынуждает нас совершенствовать ударный системный комплекс. На что нам наши американские друзья ответили: «Делайте что хотите, потому что система ПРО, которую мы будем делать, не против вас, а мы будем исходить из того, что то, что вы делаете по ударным комплексам, – не против нас». Я сказал: «Хорошо, пошло». И мы работаем. Но таким образом всё‑таки, хотят этого или не хотят, но мы подтолкнули в известной степени гонку вооружений даже в этой сфере. Повторяю, главное, чтобы все относились к этому очень ответственно. Россия будет это делать.
Т.Колтон: Мы уже переступили через 3-часовой порог, и думаю, что наши четыре панелиста, конечно, здесь участвовали все, но господин Путин, наверно, поработал больше остальных. Хочу поблагодарить всех за вопросы, за работу. Уверен, что вопросов ещё осталось очень много, но это обсуждение было очень полезным.
Большое всем спасибо.
В.Путин: Я хочу тоже всех поблагодарить, большое спасибо, и всех моих коллег – за терпение, за участие. Благодарю вас.
Владимир В. Путин",0
19765,Se reencuentran dos gemeliers separados al nacer,"Se reencuentran dos gemeliers separados al nacer LOS EXPERTOS CONFIRMAN QUE SON EJEMPLARES DE LA MISMA CAMADA reencuentro 
Dos gemeliers separados al nacer se han reencontrado hoy tras 18 años sobreviviendo en solitario. Los dos especímenes fueron hallados canturreando en libertad por diferentes puntos de la geografía española. Tras ser capturados por las autoridades forestales en la localidad de Aljarafe, y después de ser observados detenidamente por varios expertos, se ha concluido que se trata de dos miembros salidos de la misma camada. 
Los dos gemeliers son idénticos en todo y se saben de memoria éxitos como “Grandes”, “No hay Nadie como tú” o “Chicas, Chicas”. “En ocasiones emiten sonidos, pero todavía no queremos aventurarnos a decir si se intentan comunicar con nosotros o si están creando una especie de estribillo”, explica el biólogo encargado de su estudio. 
Se cree que la cantidad de gemeliers que habitan en el territorio español puede alcanzar el millar de ejemplares, sin contar con los cientos de ellos que se encuentran de gira por México, Colombia y Ecuador. Ahora que dos de ellos se han juntado, preocupa que más especímenes proliferen sin control por la península, comunicándose entre ellos a kilómetros de distancia gracias a su complejo lenguaje basado en ritmos latinos y estribillos pegadizos. 
Varias protectoras han exigido que los gemeliers sean devueltos a su hábitat natural, en Sevilla, y que se les proteja de las legiones de fans y curiosos que destruyen su ecosistema y violan su intimidad.",0
19766,Desperate Obama RIPS Comey: 'We Don't Operate On Innuendo' | Daily Wire,"Desperate Obama RIPS Comey: 'We Don't Operate On Innuendo' By: November 2, 2016 
Barack Obama must be pretty worried. 
Earlier this week, White House press secretary Josh Earnest told the media that FBI director James Comey’s decision to reopen an investigation into Hillary Clinton didn’t spring from bias or politics. He explained : 
Director Comey is a man of integrity and principle and well regarded by officials in both parties and served as a senior position in the Bush administration and got bipartisan support when his nomination to be director of the FBI was considered by the United States Senate... they speak to his good character and the president's assessment of his integrity and his character has not changed. For example, the president doesn't believe that Director Comey is trying to influence the outcome of the election. And the president doesn't believe he's secretly supporting a candidate or political party. He's in a tough spot. He's the one who will be in the position to defend his actions in the face of significant criticism from a variety of legal experts including officials who served in senior justice position for presidents led by both parties. 
Now, with the polls closing to within the margin of error, President Obama has had second thoughts. He told NowThisNews : 
I do think that there is a norm that when there are investigations we don’t operate on innuendo and we don’t operate on incomplete information and we don’t operate on leaks. We operate based on concrete decisions that are made. When this was investigated thoroughly last time the conclusion of the FBI, the conclusion of the Justice Department, the conclusion of repeated congressional investigations was she had made some mistakes but that there wasn't anything there that was prosecutable. 
It’s worthwhile pointing out the hypocrisy here – Obama’s entire administration has been built on innuendo. His Department of Justice has destroyed police departments around the country with unsubstantiated innuendo about systemic racism. His IRS used innuendo to destroy conservative 501(c)3s. His entire 2012 campaign was rooted in innuendo about Mitt Romney’s supposed secret evils. 
But more than anything, the Obama flip here shows serious desperation. What changed? The polls. On Monday, it looked like the FBI scandal would detract from Hillary’s polling numbers, but wouldn’t kill her. Now it looks like she might go down in flames. This shows how faithless Obama is – Comey was wonderful just up until the point he threatened Hillary’s chances, at which point he became a slanderer trafficking in innuendo. 
If Comey has any stones, he should resign in protest at Obama’s accusations. He’s already been thrown under the bus by his commander-in-chief for not playing dead for him long enough to move Hillary into the White House. He’s got no future in his position no matter what he does. It would be a final redeeming move of honor to tell Obama and his cronies to stuff it now. Tags ",0
19768,FranceInfo Changes Text on Its Website About “16-Year-Old” “Ethiopian” “Refugee” in Tears,"October 29, 2016 Before: The tears of a 16-year-old Ethiopian waiting to be registered to leave for an asylum centre. After: The tears of an Ethiopian waiting to be registered to leave for an asylum centre. 
In its weepy coverage of the dismantling of the Jungle invasion staging camp, the publicly-funded FranceInfo propaganda service realised it had gone a bit too far.",0
19769,‘The Birth of a Nation’ Struggles at the Box Office - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   Any lingering hope that “The Birth of a Nation” could push past a controversy surrounding its star, Nate Parker, to become a financial success and an awards contender appeared to end over the weekend, when it arrived to an estimated $7. 1 million in ticket sales  —   flop territory, especially since the film was backed by an aggressive marketing campaign. “The Birth of a Nation,” which Mr. Parker also directed, wrote and produced, received some stellar reviews but lost momentum as Mr. Parker’s handling of questions on the publicity circuit about his past behavior  —   he was accused and acquitted of rape in 1999  —   triggered a negative reaction toward him and his movie. Over the past week, Mr. Parker generated one damaging headline after another as he appeared on “60 Minutes,” “Good Morning America” and “The Steve Harvey Show” to promote “The Birth of a Nation. ” On Friday, The Hollywood Reporter summed it up in blunt terms: “Nate Parker’s Failed Media Tour: Anger, No Remorse and Oprah’s Advice Ignored. ” Fox Searchlight, having paid the highest price in its history, $17. 5 million, to acquire “The Birth of a Nation,” which dramatizes the 1831 Nat Turner slave revolt, said it was too early to assess the film’s financial picture. “We thought it could be a little higher, but word of mouth is going to be positive, which will allow us to string out to a good result,” said Frank Rodriguez, Searchlight’s head of distribution. “I’m not going to say we are disappointed,” he added. “The Birth of a Nation,”   Aja Naomi King and Armie Hammer, received an A grade in CinemaScore exit polls, Mr. Rodriguez noted.   made up roughly 60 percent of the   audience, he said. To what degree did the toxicity around Mr. Parker dent ticket sales? Mr. Rodriguez said that he was not sure. “It’s a question that we’ve been grappling with,” he said. Hurricane Matthew, which hit Southeastern states over the weekend, appeared to have a limited influence on ticket sales. “The storm didn’t damage it that much,” Mr. Rodriguez said. Given its start, Mr. Parker’s film  —   even with strong word of mouth  —   will be lucky to collect a total of $30 million at the domestic box office, analysts said. Under traditional accounting rules, theater owners would keep about half that total. In addition to the acquisition price, Fox Searchlight spent at least $10 million on marketing. “The Birth of a Nation” is not expected to generate much interest overseas. It tells an American story, and its stars are not well known outside of North America. (In contrast, Fox Searchlight’s “12 Years a Slave,” which collected $131 million overseas in 2013, starred the British actors Chiwetel Ejiofor and Benedict Cumberbatch featured Brad Pitt and won best picture at the Oscars.) In some ways, the poor performance of “The Birth of a Nation,” seen as a corrective to the #OscarsSoWhite maelstrom that consumed Hollywood over the past two years, both opens a corridor for and adds pressure to coming films about   experiences. “Fences,” an adaptation of the August Wilson play starring Denzel Washington and Viola Davis, arrives on Dec. 25. “Moonlight,” a    drama centered on a young black man in Miami, has been set for an Oct. 21 release. (Joining “The Birth of a Nation” in failing to find a wide audience: “Queen of Katwe,” a euphorically reviewed and aggressively marketed Disney drama starring Lupita Nyong’o that has taken in only $5. 4 million since Sept. 23.) For the weekend, the No. 1 movie at North American theaters was “The Girl on the Train,” which collected about $24. 7 million, according to comScore, which compiles box office data. Distributed by Universal and produced by DreamWorks Pictures, a division of Steven Spielberg’s Amblin Partners, “The Girl on the Train” cost about $45 million to make. Based on the best seller by Paula Hawkins, “The Girl on the Train,” starring Emily Blunt as an alcoholic who becomes wrapped up in a murder, received weak reviews and a   grade in CinemaScore exit polls, which could hurt it in the weeks ahead. “Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children” (20th Century Fox) was second, taking in about $15 million, for a   domestic total of $51. 1 million. Third place went to “Deepwater Horizon” (Lionsgate) with about $11. 8 million in ticket sales, for a   domestic total of $38. 5 million. Despite playing in 2, 105 theaters, Mr. Parker’s film did not crack the top five.",0
19771,Tony Blair suggests a second referendum to reverse Brexit,"Tony Blair suggests a second referendum to reverse Brexit Tony Blair suggests a second referendum to reverse Brexit By 0 149 
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair says Britain should keep its “options open” on whether or not to leave the European Union until after Brexit talks with the bloc are completed. 
During an interview on Friday with BBC Radio 4’s “Today” program, Blair described the EU referendum as “a catastrophe” and said UK voters should be given the option of a second EU referendum. 
Britain should not withdraw from the EU until it becomes clearer how Brexit would impact UK’s economic, social and cultural future, Blair said. 
“The bizarre thing about this referendum is that we took a decision but we still don’t know the precise terms,” he said. “There’s got to be some way, either through parliament, or through an election, possibly through another referendum, that people express their view.” 
The former premier, who was in office from 1997 until 2007, said it should be possible for the public to switch their verdict if it becomes clear the…",0
19772,ESPN’s Sage Steele Under Attack for Criticizing Airport Protests After She Missed a Flight - Breitbart,"The disruptions caused by protesters at Los Angeles International airport caused ESPN host Sage Steele to miss a flight. Now Steele is under attack for jumping to Instagram to rail about the protests that caused her such inconvenience. [On Friday, President Trump issued his temporary moratorium on immigration from a list of seven countries the Obama administration had flagged as “countries of concern” back in 2015. Almost immediately liberal activists flooded into several big city airports across the country to protest the order.  One of those groups of disruptors descended upon LAX just as NBA Countdown host Steele was attempting to catch a flight, the Philadelphia Inquirer reported. Steele complained that the protesters caused her to walk nearly two miles in order to catch a flight to Houston and delayed her long enough for her to miss the flight. Steele felt exasperated enough to jump on her Instagram account and decry the protesters for causing “elderly and parents with small children” to have to walk long distances to reach flights. “I love witnessing people exercise their right to protest! But it saddened me to see the joy on their faces knowing that they were successful in disrupting so many people’s travel plans,” she added.  But not long after posting her complaint, some of her sports reporter colleagues began to slam her for attacking the protesters. On Twitter, Sports Illustrated writer Michael Silver slapped Steele, saying the protesters were “right” for doing what they did. Sometimes standing up for what’s right provokes inconvenience and all  …     https:  .   —   Michael Silver (@MikeSilver) January 30, 2017,  Steele replied that Silver didn’t actually read what she wrote. @MikeSilver better, more effective ways to do it, Silver!    my post.  Don’t worry  —   we can arm wrestle over it this week in Houston,  —   Sage Steele (@sagesteele) January 30, 2017,  Julie   another wealthy, white reporter for ESPN, also chided Steele for her Instagram post. I understand the inconvenience of missing a flight etc, but why people are protesting   inhumane   is much bigger than that. https:  .   —   Julie   (@JSB_TV) January 30, 2017,  Steele again replied that   must have missed the part where she said she supports people protesting for their political ideals and told   to   her Instagam post. Steele has engaged in political debate in the past. Last year she slammed the players protesting the national anthem, warning people to “look up the word democracy. ” Hey @MikeEvans13_ look up definition of the word DEMOCRACY  remember this pic while   your right to protest #perspective pic. twitter.   —   Sage Steele (@sagesteele) November 14, 2016,  The ESPNer also slammed African Americans for attacking other African Americans for having opinions that run contrary to the   wisdom. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
19773,Pope Francis: The Cross Is ‘Not a Piece of Jewelry’ But Symbol of Christian Faith,"The Christian cross is “not an adornment for the house or a piece of jewelry to wear,” but a reminder of Christ’s love in saving mankind from evil and sin, Pope Francis said Sunday. [In his weekly Angelus message, the Pope reflected on the Sunday gospel reading that depicts Jesus transfigured before three of his disciples on Mount Tabor. Christ “wanted to reveal his glory to his disciples not to prevent them from experiencing the cross, but to show where the cross leads,” Francis said. “Whoever dies with Christ, will rise again with Christ. And the cross is the door of the resurrection. ”  “Those who fight together with Him, will triumph with Him. This is the message of hope that the cross of Jesus contains, urging us to courage in our lives,” he said. “The Christian cross is not a decoration for the house or a piece of jewelry to wear,” Francis continued, but “a reminder of the love with which Jesus sacrificed himself to save mankind from evil and sin. ” Sunday’s Angelus was the Pope’s first public appearance since returning to Rome from a   retreat in the Italian town of Ariccia. “In this Lenten season, let us devoutly contemplate the image of the crucifix, Jesus on the cross,” Francis said Sunday. “This is the symbol of the Christian faith, the emblem of Jesus, who died and rose for us. ” “Let us make sure that the Cross marks the stages of our Lenten journey to understand ever more fully the seriousness of sin and the value of the sacrifice with which the Redeemer saved us all,” he said. Christ revealed himself to his followers as a different type of Messiah than they were expecting, Francis said, and this difference reaches its culmination in the apparent defeat of the cross. As Messiah, Jesus was not “a powerful, glorious king, but a humble, defenseless servant,” Francis said, “not a gentleman of great wealth —  a sign of blessing —  but a poor man with nowhere to lay his head not a patriarch with numerous offspring, but an unmarried man without house or home. ” “It really is an   revelation of God,” the Pope said, “and the most disconcerting sign of this scandalous reversal is the cross. But precisely through the cross, Jesus will reach his glorious resurrection, which will be final, not like this transfiguration which lasted a moment, an instant. ” Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome.",0
19774,The US Military lied to thousands of soldiers — and now Veterans are paying for it,"VIDEOS The US Military lied to thousands of soldiers — and now Veterans are paying for it Reevaluating how the U.S. government goes about irresponsibly sending these men and women abroad to fight insurgents who didn’t pose a threat to Americans By Alice Salles - October 26, 2016 
Shortly after the U.S. invasion of Iraq, the Pentagon hired Bell Pottinger, a London-based PR agency. The PR firm was tasked with promoting what the Pentagon called “democratic elections” in Iraq, ultimately earning over a hundred million dollars yearly. Part of the firm’s job included producing “fake al Qaeda propaganda films,” the Bureau of Investigative Journalism recently reported . 
Despite the PR operation’s hefty price tag, the Pentagon seemed to have no issue allocating taxpayer resources to have these videos produced. But over ten years after the Iraq invasion, the Pentagon is now concerned about its past appropriations — at least part of them, anyway. 
Ten years after promising $15,000 bonuses to soldiers willing to re-enlist in 2006 and 2007, the Pentagon is now forcing California veterans to pay back the bonuses. 
The Los Angeles Times reports , “officials signed up soldiers in assembly-line fashion” in 2006 and 2007, outlining the “generous terms available for six-year reenlistments” to those willing to sacrifice their safety, leaving their homes, once again, to fight abroad in exchange for a large bonus. Now, the Pentagon wants their money back. To Get Soldiers to Re-enlist, the National Guard Lied 
In 2008, the movie Stop-Loss highlighted a reality few members of the public were informed about. 
With the growing involvement of U.S. military forces in Iraq and Afghanistan, soldiers who had already served in Iraq and Afghanistan for several tours were being asked to reenlist. Sometimes, these soldiers’ term duties were extended forcefully via the government’s controversial stop-loss policy , which allows the government to extend the period a soldier must spend on active duty involuntarily. 
In California, the state’s National Guard began promising thousands of soldiers that they would receive $15,000 bonuses for going back to war. 
Now, nearly 10,000 soldiers who took the National Guard’s promise at face value are being ordered to pay back the bonuses plus interest. In some cases, their wages are being garnished to fund the payments. 
This issue was first brought up when veterans “ whose only mistake was to accept bonuses offered when the Pentagon needed to fill the ranks” were the target of an investigation launched in 2010. 
After receiving reports of improper payments, a federal probe found “thousands of bonuses and student loan payments were given to California Guard soldiers who did not qualify for them, or were approved despite paperwork errors.” 
As a result of the investigation, Army Master Sgt. Toni Jaffe, who also served as the California Guard’s incentive manager, pleaded guilty to filing false claims totaling $15.2 million in 2011. Jaffe was sentenced to spend 30 months in federal prison, and three other officers who also pleaded guilty to fraud were put on probation. 
Breaking the National Guard’s promise to soldiers whose reenlistment depended on the bonus distribution, the California Guard “assigned 42 auditors to comb through paperwork for bonuses and other incentive payments given to 14,000 soldiers.” 
In September 2016, these auditors finalized the investigation, finding roughly 9,700 current and retired soldiers who had been given “improper” bonuses. These soldiers have been told “to repay some or all of their bonuses” since the probe was launched and the first cases were discovered. 
According to the California National Guard, these repayments have recovered more than $22 million so far, compromising veterans like Robert Richmond, who now works for a construction company in Texas. He was an Army Sergeant First Class living in Huntington Beach when in 2006, he was asked to reenlist. 
“I signed a contract that I literally risked my life to fulfill,” Richmond explained , adding that he only agreed to go back to war because he was told he qualified for a $15,000 bonus as a special forces soldier. 
The veteran had gone through a divorce after being deployed to Afghanistan in 2002 and 2003. Asked to consider the bonus to reenlist, Richmond thought the money was going to give him “breathing room,” so he agreed. In 2007, he was sent to Iraq’s “ Triangle of Death ,” an area a few miles south of Baghdad known for intense fighting. 
In one of the hundreds of missions against insurgents he was a part of, Richmond sustained permanent back and brain injuries after his vehicle triggered a roadside bomb. 
In 2014, the California Guard headquarters contacted him, letting the former special forces soldier know he was being urged to repay the $15,000 bonus he received in 2006. If he failed to make the payment, the letter said , he would face “debt collection action.” 
Richmond refused to give the government any money back, filing appeal after appeal. “[Impacted soldiers] want somebody in the government, anybody, to say this is wrong and we’ll stop going after this money,” he said . ‘Support the Troops!’: Code for ‘Don’t Question War?’ 
In Washington, D.C., lawmakers have condemned the Pentagon, saying the soldiers were not at fault for accepting a bonus they were promised. 
Promising to open an investigation into the enlistment bonus problem, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) called the Pentagon’s demands “disgraceful.” 
“The Department of Defense should waive these repayments,” McCarthy said in a statement . “The House will investigate these reports to ensure our soldiers are fully honored for their service,” he added. 
Rep. McCarthy says the government should not be demanding any money back from veterans in his statement. The California Republican and also argued that “we are the ones who owe a debt for the great sacrifices our heroes have made — some of whom unfortunately paid the ultimate sacrifice.‎” 
Instead of using this opportunity to highlight the importance of safeguarding our soldiers and keeping them from engaging in unconstitutional wars that are only successfully sold to the American public because administrations lie , McCarthy celebrates these very soldiers’ sacrifices. 
Using this discussion to repeat the traditional “support the troops” line, lawmakers like McCarthy steer the debate away from what’s causing these soldiers so much pain and distress , acting as if relentless war hasn’t been the reason they were lied to. Instead, McCarthy and others are pushing the government to keep its promise without reevaluating how the U.S. government goes about irresponsibly sending these men and women abroad to fight insurgents who didn’t pose a threat to Americans at the time . 
In the 1964 film, The Americanization of Emily , which was based on a novel written by a veteran who had been a SeaBee officer on D-Day, character Lt. Comdr. Charles E. Madison gives a short speech explaining that “[those] who make heroes of our dead and shrines of our battlefields … perpetuate war by exalting its sacrifices.” 
Failing to discuss the real costs of war with the American electorate while exalting the sacrifices made by those who serve in the military is part of an ongoing campaign — deliberate or otherwise — to keep America involved in perpetual war. 
Don’t believe me? Don’t take my word for it. Instead, read what journalist Randolph Bourne had to say about the country’s thirst for war in 1918: In times of peace, we usually ignore the State in favour of partisan political controversies, or personal struggles for office, or the pursuit of party policies. It is the Government rather than the State with which the politically minded are concerned. The State is reduced to a shadowy emblem which comes to consciousness only on occasions of patriotic holiday. … “With the shock of war, however, the State comes into its own again. The Government, with no mandate from the people, without consultation of the people, conducts all the negotiations, the backing and filling, the menaces and explanations, which slowly bring it into collision with some other Government, and gently and irresistibly slides the country into war. 
War, Bourne concluded , “is the health of the state.” This is not because all individuals involved with governing enjoy death and destruction per se , but because “it is … in war that the urgency for union seems greatest, and the necessity for universality seems most unquestioned,” which forces the public to unite behind the state no matter what — especially if the occasion leading to war is “terrifying” the public. 
While veterans whose bonuses are being questioned ten years later should be heard and protected from government abuse, we must not forget it was government’s own thirst for war that initiated this cycle of deception. Let us not ignore the reasons why we should support our troops — and how we should go about it; simply claiming to be interested in celebrating U.S. soldiers for their sacrifice does nothing for them.",0
19775,Trump’s Economic Cabinet Picks Signal Embrace of Wall St. Elite - The New York Times,"In a campaign commercial that ran just before the election, Donald J. Trump’s voice boomed over a series of Wall Street images. He described “a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class, stripped our country of its wealth, and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations. ” The New York Stock Exchange, the hedge fund billionaire George Soros and the chief executive of the investment bank Goldman Sachs flashed across the screen. Now Mr. Trump has named a former Goldman executive and   with Mr. Soros to spearhead his economic policy. With Wednesday’s nomination of Steven Mnuchin, a Goldman trader turned hedge fund manager and Hollywood financier, to be Treasury secretary, a new economic leadership is taking shape in Washington. Mr. Mnuchin will join Wilbur L. Ross Jr. a billionaire investor in distressed assets, who has been chosen to run the Commerce Department, and Todd Ricketts, owner of the Chicago Cubs, who has been picked to be deputy commerce secretary. All are superwealthy and to be overseen by the first billionaire president in United States history. That two investors  —   Mr. Mnuchin and Mr. Ross  —   will occupy two major economic positions in the new administration is the most powerful signal yet that Mr. Trump plans to emphasize policies friendly to Wall Street, like tax cuts and a relaxation of regulation, in the early days of his administration. While that approach has been cheered by investors (the stocks of Bank of America, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley have been on a tear since the election) it stands in stark contrast to the populist campaign that Mr. Trump ran and the support he received from   voters across the country. Anthony Scaramucci, a hedge fund executive and member of the Trump transition team, insisted on Wednesday that appointing wealthy investors did not contradict the campaign’s populist message. “The   people of the United States, they need a break,” Mr. Scaramucci said. “And we need to switch them from going from the working class into the working poor into what I call the aspirational working class, which my dad was a member of. ” Still, Democrats were quick to attack the latest nomination. “Steve Mnuchin is just another Wall Street insider,” Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts said in a joint statement. “That is not the type of change that Donald Trump promised to bring to Washington  —   that is hypocrisy at its worst. ” So far, none of the nominees who will be shaping economic policy have any significant experience in government. Mr. Mnuchin, 53, and Mr. Ross, 79, are both familiar with buying distressed properties and selling for a profit. But they are political neophytes with scant experience in managing large organizations. They will oversee two government agencies that together employ about 130, 000 people around the world. In the case of Mr. Mnuchin at Treasury, his experience as a principal investor who made large sums of money through     wagers suggests that he will look critically at the thicket of regulations that now constrain the   activities of investment banks. That could mean a reassessment of what has come to be known as the Volcker Rule, part of the   financial overhaul that followed the 2008 financial crisis. The rule forbids banks to make certain speculative investments with their own capital. “I would say the No. 1 problem with the Volcker Rule is it’s too complicated and people don’t know how to interpret it,” Mr. Mnuchin said in an interview with CNBC on Wednesday. “So we’re going to look at what to do with it as we are with all of  . The No. 1 priority is going to be to make sure that banks lend. ” In the interview, Mr. Mnuchin also said he would look to cutting corporate tax rates as a way to increase economic growth. And he said the wealthy would not see a big tax cut. “Any reductions we have in   taxes will be offset by less deductions so that there will be no absolute tax cut for the upper class,” Mr. Mnuchin said in the interview. “There will be a big tax cut for the middle class, but any tax cuts we have for the upper class will be offset by less deductions that pay for it. ” There is a Washington tradition of presidents calling on a Goldman Sachs luminary to take the reins of the economy, including the Democrat Robert E. Rubin in 1995 and Henry M. Paulson Jr. a Republican, in 2006. Mr. Mnuchin’s Goldman pedigree is as good as it gets, given that his father, Robert, was a pioneer in stock trading who spent 35 years at the firm. While the Goldman brand may have initially attracted Mr. Trump, for the broader financial community it is Mr. Mnuchin’s track record at hedge and private equity funds, which is where the real money is made on Wall Street these days, that makes him appealing. “Mnuchin as Treasury secretary is somebody who can speak to bankers  —   Jamie Dimon, Lloyd Blankfein, James Gorman and Brian Moynihan. He can speak their language,” said Gary Kaminsky, a former vice chairman at Morgan Stanley, referring to the chief executives of JPMorgan Chase, Goldman, Morgan Stanley and Bank of America. “He comes from a trading desk, and that’s something that is very strong,” Mr. Kaminsky, who has attended   for Mr. Trump, added. While there is little doubt that Mr. Mnuchin can speak the language of Wall Street, he has had little experience running large, complex bureaucracies. Mr. Rubin and Mr. Paulson had ascended to the top at Goldman, and had many years of experience managing people and organizations under their belt. Mr. Mnuchin did assume a leading role in the restructuring and reinventing of IndyMac, now known as OneWest, a California mortgage giant that collapsed in 2008. He and partners acquired the firm and later made billions. After he moved from New York to the West Coast, Mr. Mnuchin was targeted by protesters who claimed that the bank was too quick to foreclose on struggling homeowners. Last year the bank was sold to the CIT Group, a   lender run at the time by another Goldman Sachs alumnus, John A. Thain. In a statement announcing his economic appointments, Mr. Trump highlighted the deal. “He purchased IndyMac Bank for $1. 6 billion and ran it very professionally, selling it for $3. 4 billion plus a return of capital,” he said of Mr. Mnuchin. “That’s the kind of people I want in my administration representing our country. ” Mr. Mnuchin has faced other controversies. In 2010, he and his brother, Alan, were sued over their mother’s early investment with Bernard L. Madoff, an investor who was convicted of running a Ponzi scheme. The lawsuit, filed by a trustee for Madoff victims, alleged that $3. 2 million of the money Mr. Mnuchin withdrew from his mother’s account shortly after she died belonged to other victims. The lawsuit was dropped last year because of a time limit. Hollywood has been another reinvention for Mr. Mnuchin. In 2006, he and a partner, Chip Seelig, struck a deal through their company Dune Entertainment to invest $325 million in 28 movies produced by 20th Century Fox. It was a successful partnership Fox delivered hits (made in part with Dune’s money) like “Avatar,” which took in $2. 8 billion worldwide in 2009. After breaking with Mr. Seelig in 2012, Mr. Mnuchin teamed up with a company called RatPac, owned by the rowdy filmmaker Brett Ratner and the Australian billionaire James Packer. Mr. Ratner was then notorious in Hollywood he resigned as a producer of the Academy Awards in 2011 after using an   slur at a public event and making frank remarks about his sex life on Howard Stern’s radio show. (He apologized.) But together the three men formed a vehicle to invest $450 million in an extensive array of Warner Bros. movies. Some have been major hits, like “Gravity,” which took in $723. 2 million. But there have also been money losers, including “Pan” and “In the Heart of the Sea. ” Still, Mr. Mnuchin has clearly enjoyed a Hollywood lifestyle, whether attending   parties at the Hôtel du    during the Cannes Film Festival or going in with a movie industry friend to buy a Dassault Falcon 50 jet (since sold). He can currently be seen in a cameo  —   playing a Merrill Lynch executive  —   in Warren Beatty’s new movie “Rules Don’t Apply. ” Beyond the entertainment industry, there other similarities between Mr. Trump and Mr. Mnuchin. They are both twice divorced, and their third partners are decidedly younger. (Mr. Mnuchin’s fiancée is Louise Linton, a    actress from Scotland.) They also both have a taste for landmark Manhattan real estate: Trump Tower for the   and 740 Park Avenue for Mr. Mnuchin. But there are differences, too. Despite his Hollywood appetites, Mr. Mnuchin is described by people who know him as slightly awkward and not one to command a room. Friends of the two men describe them more as social and professional acquaintances than close friends. The names of flashier prospects had been floated as possible candidates for Treasury, according to a fund manager close to the  ’s economic brain trust. Among them: Henry Kravis of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts  Company, Jonathan Gray of Blackstone, Jamie Dimon, Mitt Romney, and Thomas J. Barrack Jr. of Colony Capital, a Los   real estate investor who has been close to Mr. Trump for decades.",0
19776,"Obama, Pressing Senators, Delays Veto of Bill Exposing Saudis to 9/11 Suits - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   President Obama is delaying a planned veto of a bill that would allow the families of victims of the Sept. 11 attacks to sue Saudi Arabia for any role in the plot, hoping to tap into an unusual well of buyer’s remorse among senators who passed the measure unanimously in the spring. The measure sailed through the House last week after a surprise   vote, raising the prospect of the first veto showdown between Mr. Obama and a bipartisan coalition in Congress. But an intense lobbying campaign by the White House and Saudi Arabia, among others, has cast doubt on what had appeared to be an inevitable override of the president’s   veto. Officials have refused to say when Mr. Obama would veto the bill, and he has until next Friday to do so. His advisers are considering whether he should wait until then, after Congress is expected to recess on Thursday for the November elections, which could give him weeks to persuade lawmakers to drop their support for the measure before they return and consider the veto override. Already, cracks are showing, even among Republicans who generally would love to exercise the first veto override against Mr. Obama. “I have tremendous empathy for the victims,” said Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee, who, like the rest of his colleagues, agreed to the measure in May. “But at the same time, I have concerns about the precedent it would set,” fearing, as many lawmakers now do, that Americans could be sued by other nations in retaliation, or by the families of innocent people killed in drone attacks. The trepidation about overriding a presidential veto is shared by Republicans and Democrats alike. Many lawmakers apparently had believed that the House would never pass the bill, as it hastily did after the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin, encountered families of the Sept. 11 victims at a   on Long Island. “I’m going to have to give very careful consideration to the president’s explanation for his veto,” said Senator Chris Coons, Democrat of Delaware. “This is a delicate balancing act. ” If Mr. Obama cannot persuade lawmakers, his aides acknowledge, proponents of the bill could muster the   of the House and Senate necessary to override a veto. “You don’t have to have an advanced degree in math to understand the significant support that exists in the United States Congress for this bill,” Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said on Thursday. “But the concerns that we have about this legislation are significant, and there are many members of Congress who are sympathetic to the argument. ” Mr. Obama argues that the legislation, whose passage has demonstrated the lasting clout of the Sept. 11 families, could open the United States to a barrage of lawsuits from private citizens overseas. It would amend a 1976 law that grants other countries broad immunity from American lawsuits, allowing nations to be sued in federal courts if they are found to have played any role in terrorist attacks that killed Americans on United States soil. The passage of the bill last week in the House left opponents scrambling, and it set off a week of lobbying by Saudi officials and firms that Riyadh has hired to advance its interests in Washington. On Thursday, the Saudi foreign minister, Adel   spoke with Senator Lindsey Graham, the South Carolina Republican, to reiterate Saudi concerns about the bill and warn of its potential consequences. “They made it very clear to us that this is a hostile act,” Mr. Graham said. “This is an odd situation. The   families are high on everyone’s list to be taken care of. But it comes at a time when Saudi Arabia believes America is not a reliable ally. ” Earlier this year, Mr. Jubeir told lawmakers that the Saudis might be forced to sell off hundreds of billions of dollars’ worth of assets inside the United States if the bill became law  —   a defensive measure to ensure that they are not exposed in civil litigation. Mr. Jubeir is in the United States for the meeting of the United Nations General Assembly. Two lobbying and public relations firms under contract with the Saudi government, Qorvis MSLGroup and Podesta Group, circulated this week a compilation of recent statements by foreign officials warning that passing the legislation could set off a wave of retaliatory measures by other counties. But the   families have also been a force for policy makers to reckon with since the weeks right after the attacks, and lawmakers had no interest in getting into a public brawl with them a few months before an election. “The families have been an immensely powerful voice and face in this tragedy,” said Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut, who is pressing members to override the impending veto. In a statement Thursday night, several family members said senators, including Mr. Corker and Mr. Graham, were forsaking them by working to postpone the override vote until after the elections. “Justice delayed is justice denied,” the statement said. “Who knows what if anything Congress will be doing in two months?” The White House is eager to push the veto override into the lame duck session in November both so it has more time to lobby members of Congress, and because several Republican senators who are up for   may feel pressure to override the bill now but would be less inclined to once their race is behind them.",0
19777,Globalization Expressway to Universal Slavery,"License DMCA 
If humans were largely moral and ethical beings, then globalization could be a workable proposition. Unfortunately, the dark behavioral narcissism expressed by compulsive greed and an infinite appetite for power seems to have become the guiding precept of our collective nightmare. If only the desire to dominate others and have a lot more than them were not the prime motivations for the global elite on top of the human food chain, we could all have our respective modest slice of happiness on this planet. The Utopia of globalization through institutions such as the United Nations (UN), World Bank , and International Monetary Fund (IMF) was supposed to eradicate the universal pestilence of war, extreme poverty , hunger and slavery using the might of the above supranational institutions to prevent the rise of so-called rogue nations usually ruled by dictators. (image by Byung Chul Kim) License DMCA 
World order of chaos with misery for profit 
The opportunity of this push for a supranational form of government has to be understood in the psychological context of a world traumatized by World War II. Many public servants, who had fought against the Nazis and their Japanese and Italian allies, had genuinely the best intentions at heart when institutions like the UN were set up. If some of the original ideas were good and moral to some extend, a rot almost immediately contaminated and perverted most of the created institutions and quickly -- using the pretext of the Cold War -- allowed the birth of a monstrosity such as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ). The globalists have controlled and ultimately Wall Street has financed, supranational government instances such as the UN, IMF, World Bank and a myriad of non-governmental organization (NGO) little helpers. Not only have these done nothing to curtail the man-made disasters of war, climate change , slavery and poverty, but they have exacerbated them, all for the sake of profit. - Advertisement - License DMCA 
In this Orwellian time of moral decay, human misery is good for business. In a globalization controlled by Wall Street's puppeteer sociopaths, who believe they are the masters of the universe, ordinary people everywhere have become canon fodder and slave labor. They are not even collateral damage but human lubricant, as viewed by the elite. One can see that if they are not stopped immediately, trade agreements like the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and its Trans-Atlantic counterpart could seal the deal of the establishment of an atrocious world government, controlled by a few thousands, in complete disregard of not only national interest, but also cultural diversity. (image by John Getchel) License DMCA - Advertisement - 
Look what happened to Detroit, Michigan, and countless other manufacturing towns in the United States that are all collateral damage of Bill Clinton's North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). The massive trade agreements in the works, to be put in place by the globalists if they remain in power, are intended to annihilate any form of economic or political independence from the signatory countries and to scatter their populations to the wind, as in the case in the globalist-controlled demolition of the Middle East in Iraq, Libya and Syria. Displaced and disenfranchised populations are beaten into submission and used as docile worker bees. (image by Mark Rain) License DMCA 
Drastic action or hell on earth 
If we let the globalists complete their worldwide coup already in progress, then all sovereignty would be lost, and most of the world's population would become slave-wage laborers at the mercy of the global corporate empire. Countries with a diversified agriculture would be turned into one-crop wastelands to ensure that most of the food supply has to be imported. Pseudo local governments would merely officiate as the slave drivers for the global elite. This must be stopped at all cost and undone by all means necessary. If we allow this final coup by the geriatric psychopaths at the top of the current world order, thousands of years of our rich human experience would be wiped out. Like poorly made cheap electronic products, the cultural garbage of the lowest common denominator empire would flood the world. This cultural homogenization would affect primarily the information available to people. Since dissent is impossible without correct information and critical thought, the globalists want their propaganda to become the only source of information. With the UN, the World Bank and the IMF, the political and economic framework financed by a worldwide network of banksters is already in place. Influential nations, on paper, like France and the United Kingdom, which are still officially full fledged members of the UN Security Council, have de facto abdicated their sovereignty to become vassals and secondary enforcers of the globalist plan. We are at the edge of an existential threat of greater magnitude than ever before in human history. (image by IMFarchive) License DMCA 
The semantics of deception 
Machiavelli is known for his cynical view of political power; however, the advice the author of The Prince gave to the powerful of his time seems innocent by comparison to the depravity of today's puppet masters. Words and ideas are gutted of their meaning to signify, most of the time, the exact opposite. For example, globalist eminence grise George Soros' Open Society Foundation is an opaque giant NGO, with more than 100 offshoots worldwide by its own admission, but its tentacles are in reality more far reaching. The recent publications of Wikileaks in the voluminous Podesta email files have been a revelation of the extent of deception victimizing United States citizens. John Podesta may be viewed as a Soros right-hand man in the US in charge of delivering the returns for the globalist's investments in the US elections. The connection between the two men is not only obvious but also official considering that Soros financed Podesta's so-called Center for American Progress, the fake left equivalent of the neocon think tanks. The term progress is a lure that signifies power, just like Soros' open society is, in reality, an exclusive club as tight as oysters reserved only for Soros' chosen associates to savor. What is apparent from the email treasure trove is that Podesta's job is really to supervise Hillary Clinton on behalf of Soros. In this context, the expression, leader of the free world, to describe the US president becomes a lie. The current world order of the globalists is anything but free, and one applicant for the job, Hillary Clinton, is not a queen on the chessboard, but a pawn.",0
19778,"""Fake News"" About Trump Continues Unabated","November 17, 2016 ""Fake News"" About Trump Continues Unabated 
Clinton makes some twenty different issues or person responsible for her loss - everyone and everything except the DNC, her staff or herself. But a campaign that did just enough to get the states it thought it needed and not one bit more was going to lose no matter how much money it would spend. Shunning progressives and implausibly blaming Russia for her own mistakes did not help either. She failed as a candidate and politician. It is just as simple as that. But now another culprit responsible for her loss is rolled out. ""Fake news"" that somehow wasn't sorted out on social networks. 
But my personal impression was that there was more fake news about Trump than about Clinton. The NYT like most other mainstream media was so much off from reality that its publisher now wrote a letter to request that staff ""rededicate .. to the fundamental mission of .. journalism"". He thereby admits that the NYT had failed as a news organization. 
But there is no rededication, neither in the NYT nor elsewhere, that I can see. The fairy tales about and around Trump seem not to stop for a minute. It will be claimed in top headlines that Trump will make John Bolton or Rudy Giuliani Secretary of State, lunatic Frank Gaffney will be his advisor. Trump wants security clearances for his children! Of course hardly any the active promoters of such nonsense will put the official denials of these lies on top of their pages or mention them at all. Poltico today told me that Wall Street is celebrating the Trump win, implying that Clinton would have been much better. Trump received some $5 million in donations from the finance sector, Clinton received $105 million - guess why. 
Trump wants to abandon a No-First-Strike policy for U.S. nuclear weapons is one current scare (650 retweets!). That is a policy the U.S. never-ever had. Obama, like Clinton, rejected a NFS policy. How could Trump abandon it? Trumps wants to register all Muslims? The National Security Entry-Exit Registration System was introduced in 2002 and only applied to visitors and residents from majority Muslim countries. (In 2011 the system was replaced with a new one that practically has the same purpose.) The no-fly-lists are largely lists of Muslim - even four years old ones. Obama waged drone war in seven countries and bombed five. All were majority Muslim. So what please could Trump actually do to Muslim people that would be worse than what Bush or Obama have done? 
Trump is a racist and his voters are white supremacists is a fake news claim that is still rolled out on a daily base. The facts do not support it. If they were true why did he get more votes from blacks and hispanics than Romney or McCain? 
Why not take Trump for what he is? A fast talking salesman, born too rich, but politically a centrist who long supported Democrats and who will simply continue the political path Clinton, Bush and Obama created and walked before him. There is some hope that he will be less ""globalist"", neoconned and belligerent in his foreign policy but that still needs to be proven. On many of his announced policies there will likely be more Democrats in Congress supporting him than Republicans. 
The man should be attacked on his politics and policies whenever that is justified. There will plenty such opportunities, especially with his economic and tax plans. Instead we get a daily dose of fake news about Trump this or that and one scare story after the other. 
Is it so difficult, or even impossible, for journalists and media to ""rededicate"" themselves from feverish pro-Clinton and anti-Trump advocates back to (semi-)serious reporting? 
That would be bad news for everyone. Posted by b on November 17, 2016 at 01:25 PM | Permalink",0
19779,There May Be Another Planet in Our Solar System,"There May Be Another Planet in Our Solar System It could be responsible for tilting the sun Image Credits: fotomanu_93/Flickr . 
Earlier this year an announcement raised a tantalizing possibility: a ninth planet lurking in the outer reaches of our solar system. 
The announcement turned the astronomy and planetary science world upside down. 
Caltech astronomer Michael Brown and theoretical astrophysicist Konstantin Batygin found evidence for a possible 10 Earth mass planet that may be tilting long-orbiting dwarf planets on their sides and shepherding them into clusters far past the orbit of Neptune in highly eccentric orbits. In the last several months, more and more papers have been published about the possible planet and how it might prove an explanation for other strange things happening in our solar system. 
At a press conference held this afternoon, at the AAS Division of Planetary Sciences annual meeting in Pasadena Ca, another announcement was made about Planet Nine’s effects on the spin-axis tilt of our Sun. This time, the paper titled Solar Obliquity Induced by Planet Nine is lead by Caltech graduate student Elizabeth Bailey, with Brown and Batygin as co-authors.",0
19780,Watch: 60 Minutes Full Interview With President-Elect Donald Trump – MagaFeed,"Get the latest MagaFeed news straight to your inbox! 
Email address: We never spam. You can always unsubscribe later. TRENDING ",0
19781,PA Kids’ Drawings: Israel Drinks Blood of Palestinians,"Reprinted from Palestinian Media Watch . 
Fatah has posted several children's drawings on Facebook. The drawings clearly show the success of PA and Fatah brainwashing children to believe that Israel only seeks to harm them, violence is good and that all of Israel really is ""Palestine."" Labeling the drawings ""innocent drawings"" that ""express the feelings of children of #Palestine,"" Fatah posted the drawing above showing Israel, as indicated by a Star of David, eating a Palestinian body wrapped in the Palestinian flag. Blood is seen coming from the body, and a glass of blood is next to the plate.Another drawing by a Palestinian child showed a crucified woman wearing the colors of the Palestinian flag, with her body in the shape of the PA map of ""Palestine"" that presents all of Israel as ""Palestine"" together with the PA areas. The crucifixion also repeats the analogy that Palestinians are Martyr victims like Jesus . Yet other drawings showed support for violence as legitimate means of Palestinian opposition to Israel. One child drew a Palestinian with a slingshot, another drew a hand with a rifle (see below). These drawings echo the PA and Fatah's encouragement of the use of violence against Israel and their glorification of terrorists as heroes. Palestinian Media Watch documented that summer camps organized by the PA Ministry of Education and the PLO educated children to see terrorist stabbers as role models . 
Other drawings repeated the world view that all of Israel is ""Palestine,"" showing the PA map of ""Palestine"" which completely erases the existence of Israel and its legitimacy (see below). This message is repeated endlessly by the PA and Fatah. Children are told that "" it will all return to us "" on kids' TV programs. The PA National Security Forces regularly post photos from all over Israel presenting the places as ""Palestine,"" and even crossword puzzles portray Israeli cities as ""occupied Palestine."" 
The PA's exploitation of Palestinian children's innocence is precisely what PMW has been highlighting and warning about for years. The PA and Fatah repeatedly demonize Israel as a monster whose only intention is to harm Palestinians. Israel is "" Satan with a tail "" on PA TV children's programs and "" Satan's project "" fighting ""Allah's project"" in sermons delivered by Mahmoud Abbas' advisor. Similarly, Palestinian terrorist murderers are being portrayed as innocent victims of alleged Israeli "" executions ."" A few of the drawings included doves, some calling for ""peace and freedom."" A major focus of Palestinian Authority policy today is to demand freedom for all imprisoned Palestinian terrorists including murderers. One drawing specifies ""Freedom for Ahmad Manasrah"" - a child terrorist who stabbed and critically wounded two Israelis, one of them a 13-year-old boy.",0
19782,"Katie Holmes Talks About Directing, Motherhood and Mistakes - The New York Times","Katie Holmes has a thing for women. “I’m the youngest of five, I have three older sisters, obviously I’m a mom, and I feel comfortable with telling female relationship stories because I’ve been surrounded by so many women my whole life,” she said. So for her feature directorial debut, Ms. Holmes naturally chose a female protagonist  —   this one drowning in life’s complications and fighting desperately to keep her daughter from going down with her. In “All We Had,” set during the 2008 financial crisis, she plays Rita, an impoverished Midwestern single mother who, fleeing the latest abusive man, aimlessly heads east with her    Ruthie (Stefania Owen). But when her car breaks down after she runs out on the check at a diner, she is offered a second chance by the owner (Richard Kind) and his transgender niece (Eve Lindley). (The film opens Friday, Dec. 9.) In a phone interview from Los Angeles, where she lives when not in New York, the candid Ms. Holmes, 37, spoke about moving behind the camera and keeping Suri, her daughter with Tom Cruise, out of the Hollywood glare. These are edited excerpts from the conversation. Had you wanted to direct for a while? I directed an ESPN “30 for 30” on Nadia Comaneci, and it boosted my confidence enough to give a narrative a try. So I went to the book department of ICM and started reading this pile. And Annie Weatherwax’s book really struck a chord in me. I liked that it was a   story but that the relationship was unconventional in that it’s more like sisters, and they’re two survivors on the road. It had a quality of hope and healing that I really responded to  —   about people who falter but are resilient. How hard was it to both direct and act? Well, you don’t sit down  —   that’s for sure. [Laughs] It was really empowering. I knew that it was going to be very intense, and I had my notebooks of acting notes and directing notes, and the first day I just directed. And so it was the second day that I was like: “Oh God, here we go. If this doesn’t work I’m in big trouble. ” But you just go for it. You do fumble and make mistakes. But I came out of it inspired to do it again. Like your characters in “Pieces of April” and “Touched With Fire,” Rita is demanding. Do you gravitate toward this kind of woman onscreen? Yes, [long pause] I think I do. That wasn’t a condemnation. You can condemn me if you want! How did you bond with Stefania Owen? It was challenging because she arrived a week before shooting, and we had to pull off being a very close mother and daughter who really, really need each other. We collaborated on little things  —   the wardrobe, holding hands at certain times. At the end of the movie, you gave special thanks to “my daughter, Suri. Dreams come true. ”  It was my first film, and I want her to always know that she’s the inspiration behind everything, and so hopefully it means something as she gets older. Just to let her know how important she is. You’ve spoken highly of your mother’s parenting skills while you were a teenage actress. How do you approach your own mothering?  I try to make our world very much an environment that’s just all about being a kid without too much of Hollywood coming into that. And I just enjoy it. Honestly I think that there are so many books and opinions about how to be a great mom, and you have good days and bad days, and sometimes you do great and sometimes you could have done better. But I have to say I’m really enjoying having a   . She’s a remarkable person. You’re playing Jacqueline Kennedy again in “The Kennedys: After Camelot,” a   that follows her marriage to Aristotle Onassis and beyond.  She was an amazing woman that we’re all very much mystified by, and there’s a freedom to taking on a character like that because no one really knows how she felt behind closed doors. And I directed the third episode and had a wonderful time figuring out that world. So they just said, “We want you to direct”? Well no, I told them I wanted to. I said, “You’ve got to give me one episode. ” [Laughs] We gotta speak up, Kathryn, we gotta speak up and get what we want, because no one’s going to give it to us. So are you still single, or is there a secret marriage we have to talk about? [Laughs] Nooo, I’m not married. But thank you for asking.",0
19783,New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals - The New York Times,"For the first time, biologists have succeeded in growing human stem cells in pig embryos, shifting from science fiction to the realm of the possible the idea of developing human organs in animals for later transplant. The approach involves generating stem cells from a patient’s skin, growing the desired new organ in a large animal like a pig, and then harvesting it for transplant into the patient’s body. Since the organ would be made of a patient’s own cells, there would be little risk of immune rejection. The    pigs would be examples of chimeras, animals composed of two different genomes. They would be generated by implanting human stem cells into an early pig embryo, resulting in an animal composed of mixed pig and human cells. One team of biologists, led by Jun Wu and Juan Carlos Izpisua Belmonte at the Salk Institute, has shown for the first time that human stem cells can contribute to forming the tissues of a pig, despite the 90 million years of evolution between the two species. Another group, headed by Tomoyuki Yamaguchi and Hideyuki Sato of the University of Tokyo, and Hiromitsu Nakauchi of Stanford, has reversed diabetes in mice by inserting pancreas glands composed of mouse cells that were grown in a rat. The Salk team’s report is published in Thursday’s issue of Cell and the   team’s in Wednesday’s issue of Nature. The two reports together establish the feasibility of trying to grow replacement human organs in animals, though such a goal is still far off. “I think this is very promising work in principle,” said Rudolf Jaenisch, a stem cell expert at the Whitehead Institute in Cambridge, Mass. Many technical and ethical barriers have yet to be overcome, but the research is advancing alongside the acute need for organs some 76, 000 people in the United States alone are awaiting transplants. Creating chimeras, especially those with human cells, may prove controversial, given the possibility that test animals could be humanized in undesirable ways. One would be if human cells should be incorporated into a pig’s brain, endowing it with human qualities. Almost no one wants a talking pig. Another untoward outcome would be if human cells should come to compose the pig’s reproductive tissues. Few people want to see what might result from the union between a pig with human sperm and a sow with human eggs. In 2005, Senator Sam Brownback of Kansas introduced a bill imposing a $1 million fine on anyone creating and profiting from a chimera with human cells in its brain or reproductive tissues. That bill went nowhere, but in deference to public concerns the National Institutes of Health in 2015 instituted a moratorium on using public funds to insert human cells into animal embryos. The N. I. H. proposed last August to lift the ban, but to require grant proposals involving the insertion of human stem cells into early animal embryos to be examined by an expert committee. The public comment period on the proposal drew 22, 000 responses that it reviewed. . The ban is still in place, and it’s unclear whether the Trump administration would continue to consider lifting the moratorium or whether new objections would be raised to using public funds for this line of research. “We have no indication one way or another that they have any opinions on this,” said Carrie D. Wolinetz, the associate director for science policy at the N. I. H. Insertion of human stem cells into the early embryos of monkeys was prohibited in 2009, and remains so because monkeys, given their evolutionary closeness to humans, might easily have their brains altered by human cells. Biologists’ interest in chimeras has been prompted by the limited success in coaxing medically useful tissues from stem cells grown in glassware.   human stem cells were first derived from human embryos in 1998 and from ordinary adult tissue cells in 2007. After each discovery there were hopes of converting the cells into therapeutic tissues by exposing them in glassware to the sequence of natural chemicals that in the living embryo directs them into constructing the heart, brain, lungs and other organs. But no one knows exactly what sequence of chemicals is required for the generation of each different tissue or organ. This may be why glassware experiments with stem cells have not yet lived up to their full promise. Some biologists believe a better approach may be to grow stem cells not in glassware but in a developing embryo, where they will be exposed to the natural sequence of chemicals required to induce each type of organ. “In the last 18 years, hundreds of labs, including ours, have tried to generate different cell types from human pluripotent stem cells in the culture dish with a cocktail of factors,” Dr. Izpisua Belmonte said. “But the cocktails are not identical to what the cells experience in the embryo. So I thought, ‘Why not let nature do the job? ’” Dr. Izpisua Belmonte’s and Dr. Nakauchi’s teams have both pursued a strategy of directing the human donor cells to generate specific organs in the recipient species. This is desirable for both technical and ethical reasons. Dr. Nakauchi has disabled the master gene in rats for making a pancreas so that when mouse stem cells are injected into the early embryo of such a rat, the growing embryo has no choice but to construct its pancreas of pure mouse cells, instead of the usual mixture of rat and mouse cells. Generating inviting homes for the donor cells may reduce the risk that they will be incorporated in nontarget tissues like the brain or reproductive tissues. Also, an organ made purely of donor cells can be transplanted into the donor animal with minimal fear of rejection. In practice, about 10 percent of the mouse pancreases generated in rats was composed of rat cells, because the rat supplies the blood vessels for the organ. But the rat blood vessels seem to be quickly replaced when the organs are transferred to mice. The mice with their new pancreases lived in good health for a year after the transplant. They came from the same inbred strain as the donor mice, so they did not reject their new organs. The result provides proof of principle that Type 1 diabetes can be treated by growing a pancreas from an individual’s cells in another animal, Dr. Nakauchi and colleagues conclude. The next step is to repeat the experiment in pigs, which produce organs of a more suitable size for use in humans. Dr. Izpisua Belmonte’s team has now shown that human stem cells do survive in pig embryos and help form their organs, although not very efficiently. “The human cell doesn’t contribute much. To the brain we observed little or no contribution at all,” said his colleague Dr. Wu. “This is good news because we can guide the human cells to the organ we want. ” Both Dr. Izpisua Belmonte and Dr. Nakauchi said there was a long way to go before human organs could successfully be grown in animals like pigs. Chimeras will be more immediately useful in studying human embryogenesis, testing drugs and following the progress of disease. To achieve the goal of growing human organs for transplant, researchers must first engineer pigs that cannot make the organ of interest. In mice, this has already been done for the pancreas, heart and eye. They must then show that human stem cells can construct such an organ in a pig. Since the pig will supply the blood vessels and nerves, these will need to be replaced by the recipient’s cells after transplant without triggering immune rejection. If rejection does occur, the researchers will have to knock out the pig’s vasculature genes and arrange for these too to be humanized. Complex organs, like the heart, will be harder to grow than those like the pancreas which has a single kind of progenitor cell. All these steps, though they seem feasible, will require several years to develop and test. Both scientists expressed confidence that ethical concerns about chimera research could be addressed. Chimeras are typically mosaics in which each organ is a mixture of the host and donor cells. But new techniques like the   gene editing system should allow the human cells in a pig embryo both to be channeled into organs of interest and to be excluded from tissues of concern like the brain and reproductive tissues. “This isn’t dangerous research. We’re not creating monsters,” Dr. Nakauchi said. “There isn’t a need to get into a debate about moral humanization if scientists target the organs where the human cells will go,” said Insoo Hyun, a medical ethicist at Case Western Reserve University. “Scientists are not making chimeras just for fun  —   it’s to relieve the dire shortage of transplantable organs. ” Concern about human cells’ incorporation into a lower animal’s brain is not without basis. Dr. Steven Goldman of the University of Rochester Medical Center found in 2013 that mice injected with a special type of human brain cell had enhanced learning abilities. But other forms of humanized mice, such as mice engineered to have a human immune system, are routine laboratory animals that seem to occasion little angst. Dr. Izpisua Belmonte’s insertion of human stem cells into pig embryos was not affected by the N. I. H. moratorium on such chimeras because he used private funds. His experiment was approved by the authorities in Spain and in California, and following their advice, the development of the pig chimeras was stopped after four weeks in the womb. Dr. Nakauchi moved his lab to Stanford from Tokyo in 2014 because Japanese regulations do not allow chimera research, only to be hit with the N. I. H. moratorium a year later, which prevented him from making chimeras with human cells. His mouse pancreas experiment has taken eight or nine years to complete. “I have been in a very frustrating situation,” he said.",0
19784,Minnesota Democrat Pushes $200K in Annual Taxpayer Gifts for Gun Control Groups,"Minnesota state Senator Jeff Hayden ( ) is pushing legislation to designate $200, 000 in taxpayer funds as annual gifts to gun control groups. [In a press conference to announce the legislation, Hayden thanked Michael   Moms Demand Action for their “organizing power. ”  The text of the bill says: This act may be cited as the “Taylor Hayden Gun Violence Prevention Act. ” To reduce the number of injuries and deaths of innocent individuals in the community and to increase community safety, the commissioner of human services shall develop a competitive bidding process to award grants to nonprofit organizations with expertise in gun violence prevention. A nonprofit organization awarded a grant must use the money for gun violence prevention or public awareness and education campaigns on gun violence prevention. Hayden explained that his push to use Minnesotans’ tax dollars for gun control is the result of the death of his sister, Taylor Hayden, who was killed in a suspected drug deal gone bad in Atlanta, Georgia. Hayden explained that Taylor was out with friends in July 2016 “for some dancing and fun. ” He said, “As they were leaving the place where they had eaten and were having fun, gunfire erupted between two parties that were apparently having a problem. ” During the exchange of gunfire, someone grabbed Hayden’s sister and used her “as a human shield. ” She was shot twice and killed. Hayden said his sister “represented everything that we want our children to represent” and he wants to fund gun control in Minnesota to help with “gun violence prevention and outreach. ” He said gun violence is “a public health crisis” and he believes it is fitting to designate tax payer dollars “to get people to understand what happens when you use a gun. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.  ",0
19785,"If You See A Woman Wearing A Ring On Her Pinky Finger, THIS Is What It Means","BLOG If You See A Woman Wearing A Ring On Her Pinky Finger, THIS Is What It Means posted by Eddie When a person gets engaged, people around them pay a lot of attention to the ring. However, who says a woman needs to wait for someone else to give them a shiny rock? Engagement rings are wonderful, but they shouln’t be the epitome of your worthiness of love. This is what engagement rings symbolize: A commitment to wed A partner’s sense of belonging However, there is another way to show love, which is why a lot of women have started wearing a ring on her pinky finger. It means that she’s chosen herself. It is a symbol of self-love among women to show the world how much they love themselves. And of course the ‘self-love’ ring isn’t just any ring. It’s a diamond heart ring that’s specially designed. Because it’s a beautiful skill to be able to love yourself independent of a partner, the ring represents a celebration of you. Many women are getting their own pinky rings and wearing them proudly. In this day and age, singleness is nothing to be embarrassed about and a pinky ring let’s women express their feelings about it. Along with the ring, there’s a contract that reads ‘I [your name], pinky promise to honor myself, to choose myself, to remember myself, on a daily basis.’ The cost of the pinky ring is about $150 for sterling silver and $325 for yellow, white or rose gold. Seriously though, could these rings be any more gorgeous? Source:",0
19786,A Dubious Old Master Unnerves the Art World - The New York Times,"AMSTERDAM  —   The painting convinced experts at the Louvre. Top French cultural officials declared it a national treasure. Dutch curators at the Mauritshuis joined the chorus of scholars who decided the enigmatic portrait of a man dressed in black was an undiscovered masterwork by Frans Hals. To many, “Portrait of a Man” was that rare find, a truly great old master painting that had simply never surfaced. In 2011, Sotheby’s auction house in New York brokered a private sale to an art collector for about $10 million. This month, though, Sotheby’s declared the work a “modern forgery. ” The portrait was linked to a   event back in March, when the French police seized a painting attributed to Lucas Cranach the Elder that had passed through the hands of the same collector who had sold the Hals. The auction house sent the “Hals” for an   technical analysis that determined that it contained traces of   materials, which meant that “it could not have been painted in the 17th century. ” Sotheby’s rescinded the sale and reimbursed the buyer. If Sotheby’s was right, the question of who may have committed the forgery remains a mystery. Sotheby’s says an investigation is continuing but declines to discuss it further, as do the French authorities. But no matter who is responsible, the story of how this ostensibly fake Hals managed to pass muster with so many leading experts provides a chilling glimpse into the complex but ultimately subjective process of authenticating art. There are those who still have doubts. Martin Bijl, a Dutch old masters restorer who has worked on about 30 Hals paintings in the past seven years, said that he had seen some of the data culled by Orion Analytical for Sotheby’s, and that he was not certain that the work was a forgery. “The ones who have researched it until now are good researchers, but they’re not familiar with the handwriting of Frans Hals, so to speak, so that’s an extra reason to be careful,” he said. Are there other forgeries out there, perhaps from the same source? Several paintings deemed “new discoveries” that came through the hands of the same collector have been called into question. These include “David Contemplating the Head of Goliath,” attributed to Orazio Gentileschi, and a portrait of “Saint Jerome” attributed to the circle of the   Italian painter Parmigianino, which Sotheby’s sold in 2012 for $842, 500. It has been recalled and sent in for testing. “It’s mushrooming into a big scandal,” said Bob Haboldt, an art dealer in Dutch old master paintings. Some other art dealers are quick to play down the threat. The   old master dealer Johnny van Haeften said, “I think it’s a very isolated incident, and it’s not as widespread as people think. ” Those in the field admit, however, that what is unsettling is how easily this work slipped through the system. New Hals works rarely surface, and this one was unknown  —   both reasons it should have received more scrutiny, scholars now say. It had never appeared in any scholarly literature about the artist’s oeuvre and had never been exhibited in the 350 years since the artist’s death in 1666. Mr. Bijl, former chief restorer of the Rijksmuseum, said he could not remember an unknown Hals work showing up in at least the last 25 years. It should have raised suspicions, he said, but added: “Sometimes you find the provenance much later than a painting is found. We don’t know everything. ” The origins of the current narrative can be traced to 2008, when a collector named Giuliano Ruffini asked Christie’s in Paris to look at a painting he said he had purchased from a Spanish art dealer. Mr. Ruffini had been told by an art expert that the work “might be a school of Hals or follower of Hals,” according to his lawyer, Philippe Scarzella. The auction house’s own specialists examined the work, he said, and felt strongly it was probably an original. Christie’s applied for a license to export the painting to its London headquarters for further examination. Such licenses must be sanctioned by the Louvre and the French ministry of culture, and so the work was shared with curators at the Paris museum. Rather than allow the painting to be shipped out of France, the French state declared it a national treasure in 2008 and put a temporary export restriction on it. That same month, the Louvre decided to try to acquire it. A contract from October 2008, sent by Mr. Scarzella to The New York Times, clearly states the intended sale to the Louvre of “Portrait of a Man” by Frans Hals for 5 million euros and designates Christie’s as Mr. Ruffini’s representative. Blaise Ducos, the chief curator of Dutch and Flemish paintings at the Louvre, was invited to look at the painting. The French Museums Restoration and Research Center collected   infrared and ultraviolet images of the work to try to determine its authenticity, but did not submit it for a pigment analysis, according to a spokesman for the center. The Louvre also shared it with other scholars, such as Quentin Buvelot, senior curator at the Mauritshuis in The Hague. “Several   art historians had already seen the painting and had expressed their enthusiasm about its appearance, and Blaise and I shared that enthusiasm,” Mr. Buvelot wrote in an email to The New York Times. This work is “executed with so much refinement and skill that many connoisseurs believed it was painted by the master himself,” he added. After the sales contract was drawn up, however, Christie’s began to have “doubts on provenance and attribution,” according to Belinda Bowring, a spokeswoman. She declined to discuss the specific concerns and who raised them. The auction house asked Mr. Ruffini to guarantee the attribution. In response, he sent a letter noting that he was “in no way” responsible “for the attribution and authenticity of the work,” which he said were in the hands of the experts. “He didn’t want to guarantee anything,” Mr. Scarzella said. “It’s not his job, you know. ” Meanwhile, Mr. Ducos invited a number of prominent Dutch and French businessmen, as well as several Hals experts, to look at the painting in private. Mr. Haboldt attended one such event, which took place at the Dutch ambassador’s residence in Paris. “I didn’t doubt it at the time,” Mr. Haboldt said. “Of course, I wasn’t looking with buyer’s eyes. It had already been vetted by the Louvre. I looked at it congratulating the dealer, but I didn’t try to analyze it to see if I was dealing with a fake. ” In the end, the Louvre did not purchase the painting, but it is unclear why. Mr. Haboldt said it was because the museum could not raise the funds the Louvre said in a statement only that “at the end of the procedure (April 2011) examining the whole context, the Louvre didn’t acquire this painting. ” The painting’s lack of documentation did not necessarily concern Mr. Buvelot, who   a paper on the painting with Mr. Ducos in The Burlington Magazine in 2014, calling it “a very important addition to Hals’s oeuvre. ” “It is not an uncommon phenomenon that old master paintings are not listed in the existing literature,” he said by email. “One should not forget that the first serious oeuvre catalogs were only made in the 19th century. ” After the temporary export ban was lifted, the   art dealer Mark Weiss purchased it from Mr. Ruffini for a reported $3 million in 2010. In a statement emailed to The New York Times, Mr. Weiss said he believes the painting is authentic because so many established experts have held that view. “The only dissenting voice,” he wrote, “was that of the other acknowledged Hals scholar, Claus Grimm, who thought it was by Hals’s son Peter. ” Mr. Grimm confirmed this, adding: “I felt that the author of the painting was an imitator, but had no clear suggestion for an alternative attribution. I did not believe it as a recent fake since I never came across such a close imitation. ” The following year, Sotheby’s arranged a private treaty sale for “about $10 million,” Sotheby’s said. The buyer, the collector Richard Hedreen of Seattle, declined to comment. As for the earlier Christie’s qualms about the work, Lauren Gioia, a spokeswoman for Sotheby’s, wrote in an email: “We cannot confirm whether this is factually accurate as we were not involved at the time. We were, obviously, not aware of it. ” All seemed well until March of this year, when the French police seized the painting “Venus With a Veil,” attributed to Lucas Cranach the Elder belonging to the collection of the Prince of Liechtenstein, from an exhibition in    because of concerns about its authenticity. The seizure caused a stir in the art community: The painting was linked to the collection of Mr. Ruffini. That was when Sotheby’s decided to look into its Hals, since it came from the same seemingly tainted source. Mr. Hedreen sent the painting back for  . Orion Analytical examined the work, and its analysis was peer reviewed by another leading conservation scientist. Sotheby’s concluded in a statement, “Unfortunately, that analysis established that the work was undoubtedly a forgery. ” Mr. Weiss still doubts, he said, that the “Hals” is a forgery, because he has not had the chance to undertake corroborative investigations, which he believes should be done given the enormous impact a forgery finding could have on the art market and historical research. Either way, this year the police raided Mr. Ruffini’s estate near Parma, Italy. The French police seized two paintings in addition to the one attributed to Cranach, according to Mr. Scarzella: a copy of a carnival scene, perhaps attributed to Brueghel, and a head of a Christ by A. Solario. No charges have been filed against Mr. Ruffini, Mr. Scarzella said. “The French police hoped to find a hidden forgery workshop, and didn’t find anything,” he said in an email to The New York Times. Moreover, he added, “Mr. Ruffini has no reason to think that these paintings could be fakes. He entrusted professionals, experts, art dealers and museums to study and determine their attributions. Most of whom were sure and enthusiastic. He is not responsible for their change of opinion. ”",0
19787,Anniversary of Great Reporter’s Death,"Anniversary of Great Reporter’s Death By Daily Bell Staff - November 23, 2016 
We got the very sad news today, Nov. 22, 2015, that Dave McGowan passed away from cancer at 12:47 p.m. – Truth and Shadows 
We missed the anniversary of McGowan’s death, which was yesterday, but he was one helluva a writer, exposing in brief books the“directed history” of the modern era. So, we’ll remember him today. We’ve written about him before, here. 
He died of an extremely aggressive form of lung cancer, which made some of his fans speculate that he’d actually been assassinated. Unfortunately, much of Dave’s work is no long freely available on the ‘Net, though some is available here . 
The following is Dave’s last post here from his Blog Center for an Informed America (June 14, 2015). 
Just nine weeks ago, on April 14, I presented a lengthy video deconstruction of the 2013 Boston Marathon incident through the Caravan to Midnight radio show/podcast. About a week later (on April 20, of all days), the nearly four-hour video presentation was uploaded to YouTube. 
Not long after that, someone using the username Phoenix Archangel posted an interesting comment: “John [Wells, the host of the show] always signs off with some of the best advice ever. Speaking of advice: this David McGowan fella really ought to quit smoking. With all the elitist feathers he’s ruffling, he’s likely to come down with a spontaneous case of hitherto undiagnosed stage 4 inoperable Pancreatic cancer.” 
… Mr./Ms Archangel … wasn’t too far off, though I’ve been told that it’s actually incurable small-cell lung cancer that has already spread to my liver and bones. And no, that’s unfortunately not a joke. It’s my new reality as of just a few short weeks ago, when my entire world was turned upside-down and I suddenly found myself being admitted to the oncology ward at Glendale Adventist Medical Center. Four days later, I was beginning my first round of chemotherapy infusions. The second round begins tomorrow, on Monday, June 15. 
More from Truth and Shadows: 
The first thing I read from McGowan was his series on the Apollo Moon missions called “Wagging the Moondoggie.” This amazing 14-part series is what finally convinced me that the Moon landings never took place. What struck me was not only his insight but his wit. Very dry, which is the best kind. 
In addition to what became a whole series on 9/11, I was also blown away by series on the Boston Marathon “bombing” and dark side of the music scene in Laurel Canyon in the 1960s (which became a book). Other books he has written include Programmed to Kill, Understanding the F-Word: American Fascism and the Politics of Illusion, and Derailing Democracy: The America the Media Don’t Want You to See. 
We ran into McGowan’s work very early in the 2000s when we were researching an article on the Peak Oil hoax. At the time, libertarian analysis was mostly theoretical, but we were trying to focus on a synthesis between free-market theory and “directed” history. 
We could hardly believe McGowan’s comments on Peak Oil. Without, apparently, a deep background in Austrian free-market economics, he nonetheless fully grasped the idiocy of asserting that the modern world was running out of oil, and that since alternatives were not going to be developed in a timely manner, the only solution was drastic, government action. He even mentioned abiotic oil, see here, as we recall. 
When we read his short books, we were further impressed. McGowan moved far beyond simplistic assertions of “conspiracy” to show you clearly how modern history seemed to work. 
For us, the book on the mid-1960s Laurel Canyon music scene here was perhaps the most brilliant. Who knew that Jimi Hendrix was in the military, here, prior to becoming a rock star? Who knew that many of the musical stars of the early- to the mid-1960s were somehow gathered together in Laurel Canyon prior to their fame, here – and that many or most had military ties or came from military families. 
McGowan didn’t state everything. Some things he left up to you. But it was hard to come away from his books without understanding his main point, that society was directed purposefully from above and that before the Internet (and people like McGowan), you would live your entire life unknowingly according to someone else’s plan. 
His short book about Laurel Canyon not only shows how directed history operates, it makes the point, resonantly, that society and even culture can be shifted according to elite strategies. In other words, in not very many pages it SHOWS (not tells) how Western social manipulation actually works. Likely it has worked this way for thousands of years. 
Before McGowan, it was easy to believe that social manipulation must inevitably be a clumsy affair, imposed brutally as it was in the USSR. McGowan presents ways cultural reconfiguration can take place secretly and powerfully, without anyone but a handful knowing it is happening. 
For instance, the standard story of the 1960s is that young people got upset over the war and in the process of protesting, quickly created an entire counterculture that opposed much of what “corporate America” stood for. The trouble with the 1960s counterculture was that it never adequately defined the real problem, nor did it fully explain the solution. 
The hippie ethos blamed much of what was wrong with America on corporate greed and the like. This led to the conclusion that government itself could rectify what was wrong. But both modern corporations and today’s massive governments are the result of monopoly force wielded behind the scenes. 
In reality, as McGowan showed, the 1960s movement was likely painstakingly created to generate certain results, mostly by reinforcing social chaos. Thus, blaming problems on corporations and looking to government for solutions was only to be expected, though it was wrongheaded on numerous levels. 
As we know today from Internet information, government is seemingly supported by a handful of unfathomably rich individuals – those who likely control central banking – to provide “solutions” that inevitably generate more problems not less. 
We know from Austrian economics that almost every law and regulation is surely a price fix that must drain prosperity from society. We know, via “marginal utility” here that valid prices can only be generated via market competition itself. 
The 1960s hippie revolution explored little of this because – as McGowan suggested – it was created and sustained by the CIA. So many 1960s figures were apparently working with the CIA. 
These may have included singer Jim Morrison, whose father helped initiate the fake military incidents that Lyndon Johnson used to generate the full-on Vietnam war here – and many other musicians, promoters and business opportunists. And also those individuals who initially dispersed CIA-created LSD, here. 
In fact, one can speculate that the Vietnam War itself was created as part of a Hegelian dialectic that included the creation of a manipulated 1960s alternative “hippie” culture. Each Hegelian thesis demands an antithesis that leads to a synthesis. The war was the thesis, and the counterculture was the antithesis leading to the synthesis we have today. 
The goal is always globalism, apparently. And social chaos must be regularly induced in order to reinforce additional government actions. If one has the patience and the desire, it is relatively easy to discern the evolution of these modern manipulations and even to predict their future. 
It’s one reason, we continue to distrust narratives present in the mainstream media and even those being offered, sometimes, in the alternative media. We’re not sure that this presidential election, for instance, is what it seems. And we have written numerous articles suggesting that a good deal of purposeful propaganda surrounds nuclear weapons, to name one additional promotion, here . 
Conclusion: McGowan helped show the way, however, and we simply need to follow his lead to better our own comprehension. It’s not pleasant to pursue such information, nor come to additional conclusions, but the alternative is living in ignorance of the true influences on our life and times. Some people are content to live without embarking on such explorations. Others are not.",0
19788,Songwriters Sue Justice Department Over Licensing Rules - The New York Times,"When Michelle Lewis, a Los Angeles songwriter, gets her quarterly royalty statements from Ascap, she receives a stark reminder of how songs are valued in the digital age. The tunes she writes for TV shows like Disney’s “Doc McStuffins” bring in thousands of dollars, but streaming outlets like Pandora and Spotify yield less than $100 combined. “The honest truth is that if it weren’t for the TV stuff, I’d be working at Starbucks,” said Ms. Lewis, who has writing credits on pop hits by Cher, Little Mix and Katharine McPhee. “There is no way I could afford to be a songwriter just on streaming and digital radio. ” As the reach of streaming music has grown, songwriters  —   an essential but often invisible part of the music world  —   have become increasingly vocal about their unhappiness with the amount of compensation they receive from digital outlets. Those complaints have reached a peak since last month, when the Justice Department ruled that Ascap and BMI, the two largest royalty clearinghouses, must change their licensing procedures to comply with federal regulations. On Tuesday, Ms. Lewis and Songwriters of North America, an advocacy group she helped found a year ago, sued the Justice Department, saying that the agency overstepped its authority and that its ruling violated the property rights of songwriters by potentially nullifying private contracts between writers who have worked on the same song. The suit is the latest step in an extensive campaign by the music industry to fight the ruling, but it is the first organized response by songwriters. In the suit, Ms. Lewis was joined by two other songwriters with extensive résumés: Tom Kelly, who helped write hits like “True Colors” and “Like a Virgin,” and Pam Sheyne, who was a writer on Christina Aguilera’s hit “Genie in a Bottle. ” “Songwriters want to have a seat at the table,” said Dina LaPolt, an entertainment lawyer who is advising Songwriters of North America on its suit. The Justice Department declined to comment on the lawsuit. Last month’s ruling by the Justice Department has to do with one of the most complex  —   and most bitterly disputed  —   issues in music copyright. For songs to be played on the radio, on streaming services or even in public places like restaurants and retail stores, performing rights organizations like Ascap and BMI collect royalties for songwriters and music publishers. In the United States, these fees amount to more than $2 billion a year. But the music industry has long been unsatisfied by the rates paid by online companies, and two years ago Ascap and BMI asked the Justice Department for changes to the regulatory agreements that have governed the organizations for decades. Last month, the agency declined those requests, and instead ruled that to comply with their existing rules, Ascap and BMI must institute what is known as 100 percent licensing: When a song has multiple writers, the organizations must have the legal clearance to represent the entire song or remove it from their catalogs. Broadcasters and digital companies hailed the ruling as a cleareyed application of copyright law. But music industry groups said it would disrupt decades of practice and cause tumult throughout the business. (Songwriters don’t always belong to the same rights organization, meaning broadcasters and digital outlets would have to have deals in place with various groups.) BMI has said it will challenge the rule in federal court, with a hearing expected on Friday. The lawsuit by Songwriters of North America contends that the Justice Department’s ruling on 100 percent licensing violates the property rights of songwriters, since it would mean that private contracts among songwriting collaborators  —   a common arrangement  —   might not comply with the new rule. In its announcement last month, the Justice Department suggested that writers with such agreements would need to renegotiate those deals. The songwriters’ lawsuit argues that this change violates the Fifth Amendment by removing property rights without due process and seeks a declaration that the new rule is unlawful. In addition to the Justice Department itself, the suit names as defendants Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch and Renata B. Hesse, who oversees the agency’s antitrust division. “The 100 percent mandate,” the suit says, “is an illegitimate assertion of agency power in gross violation of plaintiffs’ due process rights, copyright interests and freedom of contacts, and needs to be set aside. ” In preparing its suit, Songwriters of North America was also advised by Jacqueline C. Charlesworth, a former general counsel of the United States Copyright Office, which has argued that 100 percent licensing would conflict with copyright law. The songwriters are represented in their suit by Gerard P. Fox, a Los Angeles lawyer known in music circles for representing the Isley Brothers when they successfully sued Michael Bolton for copyright infringement in the 1990s. Mr. Fox is representing Songwriters of North America on a pro bono basis, Ms. Lewis said. The organization has about 200 members, and it began with a meeting early last year when Ms. Lewis and other writers, confused and exasperated by their minuscule online royalties, asked Ms. LaPolt to explain to them the complex system of online copyright licensing. Ms. Lewis said she hoped the lawsuit would reveal more about the lives of songwriters, who, even when they write major hits, are often little known to the public. “We are the worker bees churning out the songs,” Ms. Lewis said.",0
19789,"In the Turmoil Over Race and Policing, Children Pay a Steep Emotional Price - The New York Times","In the past week alone, there was the    girl in Falcon Heights, Minn. who was captured on video consoling her mother after they watched a police officer shoot the mother’s boyfriend through the window of a car. And there was the    boy in Baton Rouge, La. who sobbed uncontrollably in front of television cameras after the similar shooting death of his father. Then there were the four brothers, ages 12 to 17, whose mother was shot by the sniper who opened fire on officers in Dallas on Thursday night while the family was protesting police violence against blacks. The mother, who survived, threw herself atop one boy, as the others ran for their lives. Again and again, children are finding themselves enmeshed in the country’s roiling debate over police treatment of  . The   views of violence, obviously traumatizing, are giving rise to a generation of young people who distrust authority, grow up well before their time and suffer nightmares that seem too real. “As a mother, I have now been forced to raise a son who is going to remember what happened to his father,” said Quinyetta McMillon, the mother of the boy in Louisiana who sobbed over the death of his father, Alton Sterling. “That I can’t take away from him. ” While adults around them protest and demand criminal justice reform, young witnesses of the carnage are reeling from their losses and harboring   depression that often comes pouring out in panic attacks and breakdowns, relatives say. The list of young people burdened by these tumultuous times includes Tamir Rice’s teenage sister, who lost 50 pounds after watching the police shoot him in 2014 the daughter of Oscar Grant III, killed by a transit officer while lying down on a California train platform in 2009, who as a    would ask playmates to duck when she saw the police and the    nephew of Sandra Bland, who began sleeping in his mother’s room after Ms. Bland’s death last year in a jail cell. “They are aware of what’s going in the world, of how you can leave your house and you can very well end up in a body bag,” said a sister of Ms. Bland’s, Shante Needham, whose four children continue to struggle with the death of their aunt. “They watch the news. They see all the stuff going on on Facebook. And it’s sad that kids even have to think like that, that if I get stopped by the police, I may not make it home. ” Ms. Bland, 28, was arrested after being pulled over for failing to signal a lane change in Waller County, Tex. and was later found hanged in her cell. Her family has questioned the ruling of her death as a suicide and believes that the arresting officer made up an accusation after she refused to put out her cigarette. One of Ms. Needham’s sons, now 17, tried to hold in his grief but ended up sobbing and punching a hole in a wall three days after his aunt’s death. Ms. Needham’s    daughter usually cannot sleep more than five hours a night. And her    son has taken to sleeping in her room at night out of fear of being alone. “He was sleeping in his own bed for a little while, and then one day he came up to me and said, ‘Listen, Mom, I can’t sleep,’” said Ms. Needham, of Naperville, Ill. He said he could not stop thinking of his aunt. Trauma is also rippling through the children of the officers killed and injured during the Dallas shooting. The widow of one slain officer lamented on Facebook  that her children would now endure a lifetime without their father. The    daughter of an officer who was wounded by the sniper told reporters she was just glad her mother had survived. The tumult of the past few days has hit Esaw Snipes Garner, the widow of Eric Garner, hard. She said she and the couple’s five children had been forced to see her husband die over and over again because video of his death would resurface when another   died at the hands of an officer. Mr. Garner, 43, died in July 2014 after a police officer placed him in a chokehold while arresting him in connection with selling untaxed cigarettes on Staten Island. The couple’s daughter Erica, 26, has channeled her pain into becoming an outspoken activist, but their youngest son, Emery, 16, keeps his feelings bottled up. Ms. Garner is also concerned about the couple’s young grandchildren. She took pictures of Mr. Garner off her walls to keep them from always asking about him. “They see the police, and they say, ‘That’s the cop that killed my grandpa,’” she said. The children have even repeated slogans used by the Black Lives Matter movement, Ms. Garner said. “And for them to say, ‘hands up, don’t shoot’ and ‘I can’t breathe,’ it’s cute, but it’s not cute,” she said. “They are   . They should not know ‘hands up, don’t shoot.’ They shouldn’t know that the police killed their grandpa. ” Denise Jones, the    of Corey Jones, a black man who was shot in October by a plainclothes officer in Florida while waiting for a tow truck, also sees trauma in her daughters, Tyrina, 13, and Nariyah, 10. For some time, Nariyah was terrified of the family being separated. Now she checks her parents’ gas gauge and insists that they buy fuel if she thinks it is too low. “She is afraid we are going to break down, and if the police come we could be killed,” said Ms. Jones, who is married to Corey Jones’s brother. “I worry about how it is going to affect them in the long run. Things like this keep happening, and I don’t want them to be fearful but I am afraid they will live in fear for the rest of their lives. ” Tyrina said that while her younger sister cried often, she tried to put on a brave face. “I try to hold it in and be strong and everything, but sometimes I can’t,” she said. “I don’t like police. They say there is always good police and bad police, but you just never know. They can change in a quick second. ” Samaria Rice understands that pain well. Her    son, Tamir, was fatally shot in front of his sister Tajai by a Cleveland police officer. Tajai, now 16, spent most of her days playing video games and sports with Tamir. She has since lost more than 50 pounds from stress and has missed about 100 days from school, her mother said. “She has suffered with breakdowns and crying. She can’t sleep,” Ms. Rice said. “She’s having panic attacks, anxiety attacks. It’s terrible. It is the worst trauma that anybody can experience. ” Ms. Rice and her two other children, Tasheona, 20, and Tavon, 18, cannot escape the haunting spectacle of Tamir’s shooting, either. The scene was caught on camera and has been broadcast repeatedly. This week was especially tough, she said, because of the deaths of Mr. Sterling, a CD vendor who was fatally shot by the police in Louisiana, and Philando Castile, who was shot by an officer in Minnesota and whose girlfriend captured his death by streaming video on Facebook. “This is an open wound because my son was killed by the police,” Ms. Rice said. “It was like they put salt in my wound with Alton Sterling and Philando Castile. ” Martinez Sutton, 33, agreed and said he had missed some of the ways his young children understood the magnitude of the loss of his sister Rekia Boyd. Ms. Boyd, 22, was shot in the back of the head in 2012 by an   Chicago police detective who had argued with her and her friends about making too much noise. A year after her death, while looking through footage on a video camera, Mr. Sutton found several clips showing just how much his sons, Travez and Demirez, who were 4 and 6 at the time of the shooting, understood. The pair used pencils as drumsticks on their dressers as they recorded songs. “They were just singing, ‘Why they killed my auntie? My auntie was a good woman,’” Mr. Sutton said. “It’s heartbreaking. ”",0
19790,The Chronovisor - The Vatican Has A Secret Device To Look Into The Future And Past,"« Previous - Next » The Chronovisor - The Vatican Has A Secret Device To Look Into The Future And Past 
Several paranormal writers and researchers have spoken out about the extraordinary technological capabilities of the Vatican. It has been sensationally alleged that there is an incredible device kept at the heart of the Catholic Church which allows senior members to see future events and events from the past. It has been said that this device is the secret to explaining the continued influence and power of the Church. The Vatican’s attempts to look into the future 
It has been said that the device was constructed in the 1950s by a team of twelve scientists led by Father Pellegrino Maria Ernetti. Father Ernetti had worked as a physicist before moving into the papacy. The team was also supported by a number of renowned scientists from outside of the Church including Enrico Fermi and the rocket scientist, Wernher von Braun. Related Articles Chronicles of the Future: The secret diary of someone who saw the future 
The machine, which is referred to as the Chronovisor, apparently looks like an oversized cupboard covered with antennas, cathode ray tubes, dials, and levers. While Father Ernetti has refused to reveal a great deal of information about the functioning of the machine he has admitted that it works by processing residual electromagnetic radiations. Using the machine, it has been said that Ernetti viewed one of Napoleon Bonaparte’s speeches, a Greek tragedy called Thyestes and even the crucifixion of Christ . 
However, the Chronovisor has not only been used for historical investigation. In the 1970s, the Vatican decided to use the extraordinary technology to create a rudimentary form of time travel. In the 1970s, it is alleged that people from within the Vatican successfully traveled forward in time to 2013 and where they claim that they saw the Supreme Court building submerged underneath 100 feet of water and significant damage to Washington DC. When this event did not transpire, scientists from within the Vatican suggested that the Chronovisor was not an accurate instrument for predicting the future. It has been suggested that it is only capable of showing one potential outcome of current geopolitical events. Alternatively, it may show realities from alternate universes. 
Whether this explanation is correct is now impossible to discern as officials within the Vatican have elected to destroy the device, fearing the potential consequences such advanced technology could have for the world. Now it appears that all traces of the machine have been purged from the Vatican archives. Even Father Ernetti made a deathbed recantation of his claims about the capabilities of the machines. However, according to François Brune, it seems likely that he was pressurized into making this retraction by powerful forces within the Catholic Church. 
This article (The Chronovisor - The Vatican Has A Secret Device To Look Into The Future And Past ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles",0
19791,"Chris Christie Knew About Bridge Lane Closings as They Happened, Prosecutors Say - The New York Times","NEWARK  —   Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey knew that three of his top officials were involved in a plan to shut down lanes leading to the George Washington Bridge as it was happening and that the closings were intended to punish a local mayor for declining to support him, federal prosecutors said on Monday. The assertion was an unexpected and startling beginning to the trial of two former Christie administration officials charged with closing the lanes in 2013 and then covering it up. And it was a surprising claim because of the side of the courtroom it came from, as lawyers made opening statements. Defense lawyers have long argued that Mr. Christie, a Republican, and his top advisers were well aware of the lane closings and that they directed the   as they tried to protect the governor’s political aspirations  —   saying their clients were “thrown under the presidential bus,” as one lawyer argued on Monday. But this was the first time a prosecutor had pointed a finger at Mr. Christie. And it directly contradicts the governor’s statements in the three years since the lanes were mysteriously closed, paralyzing the borough of Fort Lee, N. J. Mr. Christie, a former top federal prosecutor in New Jersey, has consistently denied that he knew about the lane closings as they unfolded, and argued that the United States attorney’s office had “exonerated” him when it declined to indict him along with the defendants now standing trial. The prosecutor, speaking for the United States attorney’s office, said that two of the alleged   in the case, David Wildstein and Bill Baroni, had “bragged” to the governor about the lane closings at a memorial service for the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, on the third day of the closings, and that they had been done to “mess” with Mayor Mark Sokolich of Fort Lee, a Democrat, because he had declined entreaties to endorse the governor’s  . Mr. Baroni and Bridget Anne Kelly, who were close allies of Mr. Christie, are the two defendants in the trial. Mr. Wildstein and Mr. Baroni boasted to Mr. Christie that panicked phone calls from Mr. Sokolich, pleading that the lane closings were a “public safety emergency,” were deliberately being ignored, the prosecutor said. The prosecutor, Vikas Khanna, quickly moved to quell any curiosity the jury might have about why Mr. Christie was not charged in the plot. “The evidence may show that others could have, should have, perhaps known certain aspects of what was going on in Fort Lee,” he said. “Perhaps you will even wonder what happened to those people. But at the end of this case the only issue for you to decide is whether Bridget Kelly and Bill Baroni are guilty of the crimes with which they are charged beyond a reasonable doubt. That’s it. ” Defense lawyers quickly seized on his comments in their own opening statements. Michael Critchley, a lawyer for Ms. Kelly, a former deputy chief of staff to Mr. Christie, said: “We know who they’re talking about. They’re talking about Governor Christie. They’re talking about Kevin O’Dowd. ” (Mr. O’Dowd was the governor’s chief of staff at the time of the closings.) A spokesman for Mr. Christie, Brian Murray, responding to the prosecutor’s assertion, referred reporters on Monday to statements the governor made in 2014, in which he said he had not known about the plan to close the lanes. Mr. Murray declined to address whether the governor knew about the closings while they were happening. The office of the United States attorney, Paul J. Fishman, declined to comment on why the governor was not charged, but Mr. Fishman has said in the past that merely knowing is not a federal crime. Mr. Christie was intimately woven into the story both sides told in the packed courtroom on Monday. Prosecutors and defense lawyers alike described an administration tightly controlled by the governor, one that worked    with his   campaign to trade favors for endorsements. The governor was trying to win a big and broad margin of victory, and to win over Democratic mayors like Mr. Sokolich, so he could make the case that he was the Republican best able to win the White House. Mr. Khanna said Mr. Baroni covered up the lane closings because “this was something that was important to Trenton. ” He added, “Trenton: the governor’s office. ” Mr. Baroni’s lawyer, Michael Baldassare, later told the jury it would be hearing a lot about Trenton. “Trenton, Trenton, Trenton Trenton is the governor,” he said. “Let’s make no mistake. Open a dictionary: Trenton, the governor. ” The details of the plot that Mr. Khanna laid out are largely familiar by now  —   that Ms. Kelly sent an email in August 2013 saying “Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee” after confirming that the mayor of that borough would not endorse Mr. Christie. A month later, two of three access lanes to the George Washington Bridge were shut down. Mr. Baroni, then the   official at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which runs the bridge, studiously ignored the mayor as he pleaded by text, email and a handwritten letter for the agency to reopen the lanes. Mr. Critchley, Ms. Kelly’s lawyer, said Mr. Christie and Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo of New York developed a strategy to cover up the lane closings as soon as they ended, and executed it through official statements over the next several weeks, lying that the closings had been a “traffic study. ” Mr. Critchley characterized their strategy as one that sought not to “inflame the issue. ” “The idea that they  —   the governors of New Jersey and New York  —   they’re going to let a single mother of four control the future is also crazy,” he added, referring to Ms. Kelly. A spokesman for Mr. Cuomo flatly denied that he had any involvement. “The governor did not have any role  —   direct or indirect  —   in any press statements regarding the purported traffic study,” he said. The case will hinge on the government’s star witness, Mr. Wildstein, a former political blogger hired to a position created specially for him at the Port Authority, who has admitted, in a guilty plea as part of a deal to cooperate with the government, that he conceived the idea to close the lanes. Defense lawyers characterized him as crazy, a liar described even by witnesses for the prosecution as “a vicious guy,” “maniacal” and “a horrible person. ” And it was Mr. Christie, they said, who installed Mr. Wildstein at the agency to be his enforcer. Mr. Baldassare, Mr. Baroni’s lawyer, said the governor referred to Mr. Wildstein as his “fixer,” or “Mr. Wolf,” after the Harvey Keitel character in the movie “Pulp Fiction,” the guy who cleans up the dead bodies. And everyone  —   Mr. Baroni included  —   feared crossing him. “At the Port Authority at the time, when David Wildstein spoke, Governor Christie’s voice came out and everybody knew it,” Mr. Baldassare said. “It wasn’t just Bill. David Wildstein, based on this evidence, looks like a ventriloquist’s doll sitting on Christopher J. Christie’s lap. ” Mr. Christie, defense lawyers said, was United States attorney when he began talking to Mr. Wildstein, then the author of an anonymous and gossipy political blog in New Jersey the governor hired him after seeing his ability to work in the shadows as a virtue. Mr. Wildstein was a political operative so wily, Mr. Baldassare said, that he once stole Senator Frank R. Lautenberg’s jacket before a debate so that Mr. Lautenberg would have to borrow someone else’s jacket and be uncomfortable during a debate with Mr. Wildstein’s candidate, Representative Millicent H. Fenwick. At the Port Authority, Mr. Baldassare said, he operated on “one constituent rule,” wanting to please only Mr. Christie. He and the governor played a “red light, green light” game, Mr. Critchley said, going down a list and firing people they did not like, greenlighting those who remained in their favor. Mr. Wildstein’s goal, Mr. Critchley said, was to run Mr. Christie’s presidential campaign in one of the important early states  —   Iowa, New Hampshire or South Carolina. As the bridge scandal threatened to take down those presidential hopes, Mr. Critchley said, Mr. Christie pinned the blame on Ms. Kelly. “This case is not only about traffic, it’s about a presidential campaign for the United States of America,” he said. “What she knew could be fatal to an embryonic presidential campaign. ” She was scapegoated, he argued, by a “coterie of cowards. ” “Cowards who were addicted to power,” he said. “Cowards who despite all their titles, when it became time to speak the truth, they showed they were nothing more than opportunists, ambitious opportunists. ”",0
19792,Syria rejects West accusations over chemical attacks,"Syria A man receives treatment at a hospital following a Daesh chemical attack in the Sheikh Maqsood neighborhood of Syria’s Aleppo, April 7, 2016. (Photo by RT) 
Syria has dismissed as baseless recent allegations brought against the Damascus government by Western countries in connection with chemical attacks in the war-torn Arab country. 
“The Syrian Arab Republic has repeatedly denied all allegations circulated by some Western circles and their agents about the use of chemical poisonous materials by Syrian sides, like chlorine gas,” during military operations against terrorists, Syria’s Foreign Ministry said in a statement carried by the official SANA news agency on Wednesday. 
The statement came four days after an international inquiry blamed Syrian government forces for a toxic gas attack in Qminas in northwestern Idlib province on March 16, 2015. 
The accusation was made in the fourth report from the 13-month-long probe by the United Nations and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. 
However, the Syrian Foreign Ministry statement said that there was no ""tangible evidence"" for the inquiry's findings. 
“Syria has repeatedly warned against repercussions of politicizing this issue regarding the credibility of the work of international relevant sides,” the ministry added. 
It also stressed that the Syrian government remains committed to all its obligations under the Chemical Weapons Convention, a multilateral treaty that bans chemical weapons and requires their destruction. 
Daesh has frequently used chemical weapons in both in Syria and Iraq, where the Takfiri terrorist group is mainly active. 
A report by the Syrian-American Medical Society published back in March said that Daesh had carried out more than 160 attacks involving “poisonous or asphyxiating agents, such as sarin, chlorine, and mustard gas” since the beginning of the conflict in Syria. The report added that over 1,490 people had been killed in the chemical attacks. 
Since March 2011, Syria has been hit by militancy it blames on some Western states and their regional allies. Loading ...",0
19793,Military Plane Approaching A UFO. See What Happens Then...,"Military Plane Approaching A UFO. See What Happens Then... # Grey 0 
It’s not very often that someone has to catch a UFO and at the same time, military fighter planes in the sky. 
The video recording captures a UFO of elliptical shape that is chased by a military jet. Tags",0
19794,What It Feels Like to Ride in a Self-Driving Uber - The New York Times,"PITTSBURGH  —   I’m parked on a patch of gravel outside the old Heinz ketchup bottling factory here early on a Monday morning, and I’m frustrated. My Uber   car will not start driving itself. The engineer in the passenger seat next to me, an Uber employee for all of three weeks who asked if I wanted to take a turn behind the wheel, chimes in to say I should turn the car off and start it again, as if rebooting a computer. In this case, my “computer” is a modified Ford Fusion hybrid sedan   Boron 6, an atomic element often found in magnets, laundry detergent and nuclear reactors. Uber has outfitted it with more than 20 cameras, seven lasers, a spinning     detection system and 1, 400 other aftermarket parts that render millions of bits of data about the environment in real time as I drive through it. If the car works as advertised, someday neither I nor anybody else will sit in the driver’s seat of a car again. For now, a few square miles in downtown Pittsburgh represent Uber’s dreams of a mobile future, in which people eschew car ownership in favor of hailing a safer, driverless ride directly from their smartphone. I experienced those   ambitions firsthand this week, riding in Boron 6 for about an hour in light downtown traffic. On Wednesday, Uber rolled out a pilot program of its driverless cars to its most loyal customers in Pittsburgh, giving them the chance to hail an autonomous Uber for the first time. With the trial, a handful of test vehicles  —   Ford Fusions at first  —   will roam the streets, each car coming with a human safety engineer who has undergone training to reassure riders that the process is safe. During my ride, most of which I spent as a passenger in Boron 6’s back seat, my safety engineer proved his worth. At various moments, he had to take over the wheel and turn through intersections where locals are known to speed. When a truck driver backed out into the road illegally, he put his foot on the brake, immediately taking control of the car. If the safety engineer felt unsafe, he could at any time smack down a big red button in the center console  —   suspiciously similar to a seat ejector switch from a James Bond film  —   to disengage from   mode. To turn the   feature back on, he need only press a sleek steel button next to an embossed nameplate stamped on the console. If I felt unsafe as a passenger, I could also request that the driver take over the vehicle, or press a button on a screen facing the back seat that would end the ride. I also monitored the infrared environment the car had rendered from the screen, a   world updating in real time, and took a selfie from a camera built into the console. After the ride, Uber texts to passengers an animated GIF of the   modeled route taken, along with the selfie. But for most of the ride, I felt safe. In   mode, turns and stops were near seamless, and I often had to check in with my driver to see whether he or the computer was steering the car. I did grow a bit nervous a few times when watching how close the computer drove us to cars parked on the right side of a street. Though, admittedly, that could have been my mind playing tricks on me by being more vigilant than usual about my surroundings. In many ways, Pittsburgh is the perfect test environment for the company. The city, in essence a peninsula surrounded by mountains, is laid out in a giant triangle, replete with sharp turns, steep grades, sudden speed limit changes and dozens of tunnels. There are 446 bridges, more than in Venice. Residents are known for the “Pittsburgh left,” a risky intersection turn. Raffi Krikorian, engineering director of Uber’s Advanced Technologies Center, located in the city’s industrial Strip District, put it this way: “Pittsburgh is the   diamond of driving. ” The challenge expressed in Mr. Krikorian’s ski analogy is one that Uber has taken to heart. From the company’s point of view, the   vehicle operates more safely than any human driver. Uber said autonomous cars can reduce   deaths, including the nearly 40, 000 that occurred in the United States last year, which was the deadliest for   deaths since 2008 and had the largest    percentage increase in 50 years, according to the National Safety Council. There has been at least one reported and confirmed death of a driver operating a semiautonomous vehicle, that of a Tesla owner involved in a crash in May, while the car’s Autopilot system was engaged. On Wednesday, the Chinese government television news channel reported that a Tesla owner had been killed in a crash in January in which the Autopilot feature was reportedly in use. My driverless Uber stopped far behind cars in front of us at intersections. It stayed exactly at the speed limit  —   25 miles per hour where we drove  —   even when there was no traffic around. At one stoplight, the car waited for the green signal before turning right. The human drivers behind us were not pleased. As my ride in Boron 6 wound down  —   in total, I traveled roughly 20 miles in the vehicle  —   it was hard not to feel like a celebrity, or perhaps more like a Martian. Other motorists gawked, and a boy on a Razor scooter gaped at me from a corner, waving to his mother to come look. This future has been a long time coming. Advertising for   cars goes at least as far back as the 1950s, with images of families in cars huddled around game boards in the back seat, playing dominoes. Some of the people involved in the Uber project have spent their entire careers working toward a day like Wednesday. But how they will get rich from it remains unclear. Much of Uber’s success has been based on the premise that people could share their idle cars with the public by driving during their spare time. A   car obviates the need for human drivers, a clear source of tension among Uber drivers today. Company executives said   cars would be only one part of Uber’s business in the future, with a mix of drivers and autonomous vehicles. And Uber isn’t the first to place big bets on   cars, with Google, Apple, Tesla,   BMW and Infiniti all offering or developing autonomous features for vehicles. Some of these efforts have run into hurdles  —   Apple’s initiative, Project Titan, has had ups and downs. Some of Uber’s own aims may have been overly ambitious. When the company announced its autonomous car pilot last month, the tests were expected to roll out with Volvo XC90s, sport utility vehicles that would be modified in partnership with the automaker. Uber now says the XC90s are expected to hit the road by the end of the year, but it offered no explanation for the delay, and Volvo did not respond to a request for comment. All of these companies face an uncertain regulatory environment for driverless vehicles that could impede the rollouts of the cars across the country. There will be delays and bugs, such as the one I encountered my first time behind the wheel when the   car didn’t drive itself. That’s the whole point of the pilot test. The wealth of sensors and recording equipment will see what happens  —   warts and all  —   “so we can learn more about what makes drivers and riders comfortable and safe,” said Emily Duff Bartel, a product manager at the Advanced Technologies Center. For me, it took about 10 minutes of troubleshooting to work through the glitches, but Boron 6 eventually turned on and started driving itself. That is, after a little bit of human intervention.",0
19795,There’s Already a Game Too Big to Install on the Nintendo Switch - Breitbart,"With less than 28GB of usable memory, the Nintendo Switch is already proving inadequate for installing some games. [The good news: the Nintendo Switch does not require you to install physical copies of titles before they are playable. The bad news: there’s a good chance it will not be possible anyway for some titles. Already in Japan, the hefty Dragon Quest Heroes I  II double pack has proved too large for the drive that comes standard with Nintendo’s newest console.  While most titles seem to sit between one and five gigabytes in size, even the   Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild asks for about half of the total hard drive space on offer to install it. If you run out of space, you’ll need to purchase a separate MicroSD card. That means if you want to take advantage of the additional games and DLC to be made available in Nintendo’s eShop, you’re almost certainly in for an additional investment above and beyond, That means if you want to take advantage of the additional games and DLC to be made available in Nintendo’s eShop, you’re almost certainly in for an additional investment above and beyond the Switch’s $300 price tag. Similar problems didn’t hamper the Nintendo Wii’s over 100 million units sold, though the Wii U struggled out of the gate with a model that offered the same 32GB the company is offering with the Switch  —   an amount that was just barely adequate, even for the time. Almost 5 years later, it’s even less likely to get a free pass from consumers. Despite its struggles, the Nintendo Switch presale numbers are looking very healthy, and Nintendo is standing by a prediction that they’ll move 2 million consoles within the Switch’s first month of release. Once the core group of   fans have been sated, however, it remains to be seen how the larger market will react. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.",0
19796,"Marco Rubio: President Trump Will Empower the People of Cuba, Not Communist Leaders - Breitbart","Florida Senator Marco Rubio praised Donald Trump for empowering the Cuban people by reversing some of former President Barack Obama’s diplomatic concessions with the Castro brothers. [“More than anything else this change empowers the people of Cuba   …     America is prepared to outstretch its hand and work with the people of Cuba, but we will not empower their oppressors,” Rubio said during an event in Florida to highlight Trump’s policy changes with Cuba.  Rubio joined Trump for an event in Florida to highlight Trump’s policy changes with Cuba, at a packed room at the Manuel Artime Theater in Miami. “Less than a year and half ago, an American president landed in Havana, to outstretch his hand to a regime,” he said. “Today, a new president lands in Miami to reach out his hand to the people of Cuba. ” Rubio told the people gathered for the event that since Trump was elected, he repeatedly asked him how he could help the people of Cuba. “He has not faltered in that committment,” Rubio said. Trump was also gracious while discussing his former campaign rival for the Republican presidential nomination, calling him a “tough competitor. ” “He is tough! Man! He is tough and he is good!” Trump said.",0
19797,"Verboten! Don’t speak German on the streets of post-Brexit Britain, warns lawyer","Verboten! Don’t speak German on the streets of post-Brexit Britain, warns lawyer Verboten! Don’t speak German on the streets of post-Brexit Britain, warns lawyer By 0 108 
Germans living in Britain have been cautioned against speaking their native language in public places after the Brexit vote set hate crimes soaring. 
Speaking to the German newspaper Die Welt, lawyer Carmen Prem thought it was best to not speak “too loudly” when out and about. 
Read more 
“The tone has changed,” said the mother-of-two who has been living in London for 13 years. “No Briton would ever say ‘we do not want you here.’ But it is now ‘we and you.’” 
She also recounted how on the bus home she had recently heard the driver tell passengers to “kindly speak English.” 
In the piece, other Germans tell of “stronger xenophobia” in the country since the referendum in June. 
There is a “new bitterness, an anger which hardly any of the countless non-British on the island expected,” it adds. 
Race and religious crimes saw a 41 percent rise in the month after the Brexit vote. Nearly 5,500 incidents were recorded by the Home Office in July alone. 
The overall hate crime rate was also up 19 percent on last year. Four out of five of the crimes reported were motivated by race hatred, seven percent by religion. 
King’s College London professor Mischa Dohler told Die Welt he was now considering moving abroad. 
The German academic claimed he had been offered several jobs, including an opportunity at Cambridge, but had to turn them down as he does not know what will follow the Brexit negotiations. 
“Many non-British academics simply see no future here,” he said. Abuse & insecurities 
Worries among German citizens come after a Spanish man was knocked down by a passerby with a wooden plank in Bournemouth earlier this month. 
The man was reportedly speaking to his girlfriend in his native language when the thug approached him shouting “f***ing Spanish, speak in English” before hitting him with a piece of wood grabbed from a nearby building. 
READ MORE: French nationals suffer post-Brexit abuse, claims ambassador 
The French were also reportedly reconsidering their future in Britain after being subjected to “negative or aggressive language” following the UK’s decision to leave the European Union. Up to 300,000 French nationals are currently registered as living in the country. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.",0
19798,Thieves Steal Bees that Pollinate Central Valley Almonds,"Hundreds of bee hives worth over a half million dollars shipped to California’s Central Valley for the annual almond tree pollination were stolen on January 17, the Los Angeles Times reports. [Montana beekeeper Lloyd Cunniff, owner of Beeline Honey Co. shipped 488 bee hives to Sutter County in   to service his almond grower pollination contracts. But after tending his bees in a grove near Meridian on Monday, he returned Tuesday morning to find his $542, 000 of hives missing.  Bee pollination is not only important to rural agricultural communities throughout the Central Valley it also provides a global economic benefit of about $290 billion in 2015. There are an estimated 115, 000  —   125, 000 beekeepers in the United States. Although the vast majority of beekeepers are hobbyists with fewer than 25 hives, there are a few thousand commercial operators with 300 or more beehives. The 2. 6 million domestic honey bee colonies in the U. S. produced 149 million pounds of honey in 2013. With a wholesale price of about $2. 12 a pound, the crop was worth about $317 million. California was the fifth largest American producer with 10. 9 million pounds, worth $22. 9 million, according to the National Honey Board. Because millions of acres of U. S. fruit, nut, vegetable, oilseed and legume seed crops worth about $19 billion depend on bees, commercial operators are paid by growers to migrate their colonies each year to provide pollination services. But with demand drastically outstripping California’s local supply, Beeline travels 900 miles from Choteau, Montana each year to service contracts around the Sacramento area. According to government U. S. agricultural data, the cost of renting honey bee hives for almond pollination has vaulted for about $50 per hive in 2003, to $ $200 per hive today. It now takes more than a million bee colonies to service California’s annual crop. After 500 hives were stolen last year, the California State Beekeepers Assn. issued an advisory to beekeepers across the state to beware of an “unprecedented” rise in beehive thefts.",0
19799,"‘Gaps of Trust’ With Russia Bar a Syrian Truce, Obama Says - The New York Times","VIENTIANE, Laos  —   The Obama administration’s latest effort to broker a   in Syria’s civil war fell short on Monday, after a   meeting between President Obama and President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia failed to resolve problems between them. “Given the gaps of trust that exist, that’s a tough negotiation, and we haven’t yet closed the gaps in a way where we think it would actually work,” Mr. Obama declared at a news conference at the end of a Group of 20 summit meeting in Hangzhou, China. He did not describe the points of contention. Other officials have said they involve technical issues like how to staff checkpoints in combat areas. But the checkered history of Syrian    —   the United States agreed to one with Russia in February, only to watch it unravel weeks later  —   has left the president deeply leery. On a day of diplomacy and history, Mr. Obama later flew to Laos, becoming the first sitting American president to visit this country, where children still stumble over unexploded bombs dropped by the United States during the Vietnam War. Having failed to halt the guns in Syria, Mr. Obama will seek reconciliation with the victims of a war long over. He insisted he was not giving up on Syria, however. Mr. Obama said he had instructed Secretary of State John Kerry to continue negotiating with the Russians this week to see if a deal on Syria was possible. The goals would be to halt the rain of bombs on Aleppo and to give breathing space to a United   effort to find a political end to Syria’s war between the forces of President Bashar   which are backed by Russia, and an array of insurgents seeking to depose him. “The faster we can offer some relief to folks on ground,” Mr. Obama said, “the better off we’re going to be. ” At his own news conference in Hangzhou, Mr. Putin said the Syria talks were on the “right track,” though he declined to discuss details of a deal. He expressed hope that an agreement could be reached “in the next few days,” despite earlier disagreements. “Then we can say that our joint work with the United States in the fight against terrorist organizations, including along the Syrian track, will be significantly improved and intensified,” Mr. Putin said. Mr. Obama’s appearance was his last at the Group of 20, a gathering of industrialized nations that is supposed to focus on economic issues but often finds those matters eclipsed by war and terrorism. He reminisced about his first meeting, in 2009, when the world was still reeling from the financial crisis. This time, the meeting dramatized both his   status and the changed world that his successor will inherit. On Sunday, during a photograph session with the other leaders, Mr. Putin and President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey huddled with each other. A curious Mr. Obama peered at them from the other side of the room. Tensions between Russia and Turkey have escalated over Syria, but the two countries’ leaders have begun talking more in recent weeks, just as Turkey’s ties with the United States have frayed. Mr. Obama had a rough welcome in Hangzhou on Saturday, when a dispute over the stairs he would use to exit Air Force One left him disembarking from a door in the belly of the plane. Some China experts interpreted it as a snub of a departing leader by a rising power. On his departure, however, the Chinese arranged for a shiny set of stairs with a strip of blue lights beneath the railing to be rolled up to the plane. Mr. Obama remains a central figure in conversations on a variety of issues, including Iran and international economics. But there was a palpable sense on his Asia trip that the world was awaiting a new president to reassess American policies in Syria, Ukraine and North Korea. On Syria, Mr. Obama left the diplomatic heavy lifting to Mr. Kerry, who met twice in Hangzhou with the Russian foreign minister, Sergey V. Lavrov. On Sunday, the Americans were confident enough of success that they scheduled a briefing to announce a   agreement, erecting two lecterns for the secretary of state and foreign minister. Soon afterward, State Department officials hastily removed one, and Mr. Kerry turned up alone to report that the United States and Russia had been unable to move past a handful of “tough issues. ” The talks continued, though, with the Russians appearing more eager than the Americans to elevate them to the presidential level. Mr. Obama has been openly skeptical of the likelihood of a durable deal involving the Russians. After the meeting with Mr. Putin, it was clear his suspicions had not been dispelled. He recalled the failure of the previous deal that the United States had made with Russia. “Slowly, it unwound, and we’re back into a situation in which Assad’s regime is bombing with impunity,” he said. “That is a very dangerous dynamic. ” As he often does, Mr. Obama characterized his exchange with Mr. Putin as blunt and businesslike. There was no shortage of thorny subjects. The president said they had discussed computer security, though he declined to say whether he had brought up allegations that Russia breached the computer systems of the Democratic National Committee. “We’ve had trouble with cyber intrusions from Russia in the past,” he said. “We’re moving into a new era. ” Mr. Obama is also hoping to turn the page in Laos. The ostensible reason for the visit is two regional conferences that will give him a chance to promote his strategy of pivoting to Asia: the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and the East Asia Summit. But Laos has other resonance for Mr. Obama, who has made a vocation, from Cuba to Myanmar, of opening ties to closed societies. The United States and Laos have a difficult relationship that dates to the C. I. A. ’s undeclared war in the 1960s and ’70s, when American warplanes dropped 270 million bombs on this country, many of which are still buried in fields and forests. Mr. Obama, administration officials said, would pledge millions of dollars in additional funding to help clear unexploded ordnance from the Laotian countryside. “Since Laos is still a relatively poor country that is developing, their capacity alone to clean that up is hampered by lack of resources,” he said. “We should help. ” First, though, the president canceled a meeting scheduled for Tuesday with the leader of the Philippines, an American ally in Southeast Asia. Earlier in the day, the new Philippine president, Rodrigo Duterte, delivered a   diatribe against Mr. Obama, calling him, among other things, a “son of a bitch. ” Mr. Duterte threatened to do so again face to face if the president challenged his inflammatory words or his unorthodox tactics in his country’s drug war. Mr. Obama has yet to meet Mr. Duterte, and the timing would have been important: The Philippines is in the midst of a dangerous    with China over disputed islands in the South China Sea. Still, Mr. Obama questioned the wisdom of putting Mr. Duterte and himself in a room together. “I always want to make sure if I’m having a meeting that it’s actually productive,” he said. “Clearly, he’s a colorful guy,” Mr. Obama added.",0
19800,"Clinton, FBIGate and the true depth of the ObamaGeddon","Clinton, FBIGate and the true depth of the ObamaGeddon 31.10.2016 Ladies and Gentlemen, we have a problem. Just over one week before the Mother of All Elections, we have information which shocks us to the core, freezes our hearts and sends chills shuddering through our spines. Ladies and Gentlemen, the problem is not FBIGate, it is the mechanisms behind the scenes which have not been reported. Read on. First off, how many times has President Obama blocked investigation into Hillary Clinton's affairs? You will never know. You will never, ever know because the system is rigged, there is no paper trail. There are telephone calls, there are meetings behind closed doors, there are threats. This time however, Obama was caught by surprise. The Nobel Peace Prizewinner, the one who insulted the Nobel Institution, the international community and all those who believed in his shitfaced lie ""Change"", the one who blasted Libya from the African country with the highest human development index back to the stone age, riddled with terrorists, including Islamic State, the one who stood back as Islamic State appeared under his nose... this one this time was unable to stop an FBI investigation because it happened behind his back. Trying to get at the truth Print version Font Size Ladies and Gentlemen, this truth will not come out in the next few days. For those with their political knives a-glistening and a-gleaming behind Hillary's back, waiting for some knock-out soundbites from those documents, it is not going to happen. Not because the FBI investigation failed to unveil juicy stuff, but because that juicy stuff will never reach the public domain. ObamaGeddon to the rescue, FBIGate quashed. And while FBIGate is quashed, watch what happens behind the scenes with the electoral system. George Soros is firmly in the Clinton camp, so they say. Does anyone know how many States use electronic voting systems run by George Soros? Does anyone know how easy it is to hack or rig these voting machines? These machines churn out votes. There is no accountability, there is no paper trail, the vote will not be verified. There will be numbers, statistics the day after, rigged. This is American democracy? The collective answer is no, the collective response is we all know this is true, we all know this is happening. Nobody likes Hillary, nobody trusts Hillary. So why vote for her? Investigating FBIGate Now let's see what my friend Nancy O'Brien Simpson turned up. She lives in the United States of America, she is a political commentator and she is a political activist: Secretary Clinton fell for the oldest hack in the book. This hack entails something called the ""Buffer Overflow Exploit"" that involves ""stacking"" a malicious computer virus in an area on your hard drive where virus protection software can't find them. Then it steals the files from the hard drive. A friend of mine who has been on the wrong side of these kinds of situations explained what he has read about how it all went down- Huma and Anthony are sharing a laptop at their home. Huma receives classified information from her boss, Hillary Clinton, in various e-mails and texts. She testified to the F.B.I. that she often emailed classified files over her unsecured Yahoo account in order to print them out at home on the laptop she shared with her husband Antony. When Huma goes to bed, Carlos Danger sneaks out in his pajammies and prowls 4chan all night looking for young teen girls to send them naked photos. One of these photos contains a computer virus that infects the laptop. This virus hides in photographs stored on a computer's hard drive by exploiting a photo's bandwidth. When the recipient receives photos in return, the photos contain information from the computer it has infested. The ironic part is every time Carlos Danger send photos of his ""wiener"" his nasty photos contained ALL the emails his wife received from Hillary as well as the classified documents she printed out.. This means some hackers out there on the net has EVERYTHING Huma brought home.. If the hackers are ""White Hat"" they probably told the F.B.I. to examine every one of Carlos Danger's nasty photos he sent over that laptop. If the hackers are ""Black Hats"" you can bet some foreign government has a lot of classified documents. The Clinton Crime Family will blame the Russians, which is laughable and serious at the same time.. You know they reopened the investigation BEHIND Obama's back because he has blocked the investigation of her at every turn. I heard the rank and file FBI were about to mutiny because they know she is guilty as sin and Comey would not prosecute because she is protected by Obama AND Clinton gave his wife half a million for her political campaign. This might be big, but Obama will stop it to protect her and his globalist masters. I rest my case. Nancy O'Brien Simpson Ms. Simpson was a radio personality in New York. She was a staff writer for The Liberty Report. A PBS documentary was done on her activism for human rights. She is a psychotherapist and political commentator.",0
19801,"Head of Turkish delegation to Russia: ""The Crimean people's choice must be recognized""","November 25, 2016 - Fort Russ News -  PolitRussia - translated by J. Arnoldski -  


The head of the Turkish Association of Eurasian Governments and confidant of the deputy head of Turkey’s General Security Directorate, Hasan Cengiz, has called for the choice of the Crimean people expressed in the referendum in 2014 to be recognized. 
Cengiz is the head of a delegation of Turkish politicians and business circle representatives that arrived in Simferopol from Moscow on Wednesday evening. The delegation includes 22 people, including a representative of the Turkish president, a participant in meetings between the Russian and Turkish presidents, Ibrahim Ereli, and the vice mayor of Ankara, Ahmet Tunc. 

Cengiz stated during a meeting with Crimean parliamentarians in Simferopol: “Crimea is home to around 2.5 million people. And the will of the people of Crimea led to Crimea reunifying with Russia. A very high percentage of voters in the referendum supported this. The people’s choice must be respected.”  



     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
19802,Toxic chemicals found in children’s Halloween makeup – study,"Toxic chemicals found in children’s Halloween makeup – study Published time: 26 Oct, 2016 23:45 Get short URL © Carlo Allegri / Reuters Halloween is supposed to make your skin crawl, but not like this. A new study finds the scariest part of the holiday may not be the costumes, but makeup for kids. Out of 48 makeup palettes, almost half contained toxic heavy metals. 
Nearly 20 percent of makeup palettes contain lead and cadmium, according to the newly published study by the Breast Cancer Fund. The study found that some products contained as many as four metals, including arsenic and chromium. Indiana housing complex to be razed after toxic lead levels detected https://t.co/qZy4gfTmnC pic.twitter.com/5bGsRti1Im — RT America (@RT_America) August 31, 2016 
Nine of the palettes were found to contain lead, a chemical that is unsafe at any level, for children particularly. Parents may have purchased and applied these products to their children unwittingly, as the makeup doesn’t have to list ingredients on their labels. 
The BCF may have been among the first to test the palettes, as the FDA does not regulate this particular product. 
"" The FDA that regulates makeup does not have the power to require pre-market testing ,"" Jen Coleman with the Oregon Environmental Council told KGW. 
The cosmetic safety law enacted 75 years ago does not require testing even for products marketed to children. While the FDA cannot do anything about the problem, they have issued guidelines to avoiding “ a rash, swollen eyelids, or other reaction ” this Halloween. 
The guidelines make no mention of potential heavy metal poisoning, but they do offer advice like “ Follow all directions carefully ,” and “ Don't decorate your face with things that aren't intended for your skin. ” 
What’s a parent to do in the meantime? Other than use all-natural makeup, the best option is to avoid dark pigments. The BCF study found a correlation between the darkness of the color and the lead content. The darker the color, the more lead it was found to contain.",0
19804,GaiaPortal – Serrated torches cleave the undesired,"Click Here To Learn More About Alexandra's Personalized Essences Psychic Protection Click Here for More Information on Psychic Protection! Implant Removal Series Click here to listen to the IRP and SA/DNA Process Read The Testimonials Click Here To Read What Others Are Experiencing! Copyright © 2012 by Galactic Connection. All Rights Reserved. 
Excerpts may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Alexandra Meadors and www.galacticconnection.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of any material on this website without express and written permission from its author and owner is strictly prohibited. Thank you. 
Privacy Policy 
By subscribing to GalacticConnection.com you acknowledge that your name and e-mail address will be added to our database. As with all other personal information, only working affiliates of GalacticConnection.com have access to this data. We do not give GalacticConnection.com addresses to outside companies, nor will we ever rent or sell your email address. Any e-mail you send to GalacticConnection.com is completely confidential. Therefore, we will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. Continue reading... Galactic Connection 2016 | Design & Development by AA at Superluminal Systems Sign Up forOur Newsletter 
Join our newsletter to receive exclusive updates, interviews, discounts, and more. Join Us!",0
19805,Will There Be Riots In America The Day After Donald Trump Wins The Presidency?,"The above photo was snapped in Ferguson as thugs burned the city down. Could we see a repeat of that fateful event and perhaps a worsening of it soon to a city near you?
The election is the focus of every news channel ad nauseum. But few people are focused on the day after the election. No matter who wins this year’s presidential “selection” the possibility of civil unrest the day after election day and beyond is a real possibility. Are you ready for chaos if it develops?
The nation is so divided we are likely to run into problems.
The ugliest scenario for the day after election day plays out if Trump wins. If Trump wins, get ready for Black Lives Matter, the Black Panthers, The Race (La Raza) and other racially motivated anti-white groups to come out and possibly start burning cities down again. After all, they have been given carte blanche all year long to do so in Ferguson, Baltimore, Charlotte, and San Jose . A worrisome precedent has been set.
Of course, Trump won’t be in power the day after election day (we have to wait until Inauguration Day for him to clean up any potential messes) so Barack Hussein Obama is likely to give the racial hate groups the green light once again while the media whips out their collective Stradivarius, plays my heart bleeds for thee, and sympathizes with the devils destroying the nation.
If The Bitch wins conservative groups may clash with leftists over rights being stripped away
If Hillary wins, there’s the real possibility of protests the day after the election, and the social conditioning of whites to be polite and docile even as they’re railroaded in what was formerly their nation may not hold this time around. A Hillary win means the chaos and possibly violence could wait until she starts stripping constitutional rights away. Then, we are likely to see conservatives finally come out and start raising some righteous hell. There could be racially motivated clashes on the horizon as white people standing up for themselves goes against a long-established narrative that they’re all evil racists.
Few people think of the effects civil unrest could have on their livelihood and well-being. It’s time for a little education on just how thinly stretched the American supply chain is, and what could happen with only a short-term disruption in it.
Here’s a scenario – just one of many possible scenarios. Video of rioters stopping and then looting a semi tractor-trailer in Charlotte is worrying because if trucks stop, America stops. If attacks on truckers happen often enough, truckers may decide it’s not worth the risk to their lives to continue moving freight around and stop driving. Within a day, bedlam could ensue as the supply chain runs on a razor’s edge in modern America and everything from food to medication to gasoline starts running out.
Supply Chain Rioters broke into trucks on I-85 and burned cargo in Charlotte
According to the American Trucking Association (ATA) a disruption of 24 to 48 hours means hospitals and nursing homes would run out of food. Fuel supplies at gas stations would also run out in that time frame. Garbage would start to pile up. Most grocery and retail stores would start to run out of food and merchandise. ATM and bank cash supplies would also run out.
The tight rope the corporate system walks quickly breaks when merchandise stops moving.
As an example, the ATA tells us this is what happens during a hurricane. Imagine what would happen with days or weeks of rioting in major cities.
In a hurricane situation, supplies that would normally last a few days, such as water, powdered milk, and canned meat, typically disappear within one day. Given these inventory rates, this means that perishable goods could be depleted in a matter of days and non-perishables in just a few days. Runs on food and non-food staples during hurricanes, and even before big winter storms, provide a good example of how fast some retail inventories can be depleted during panic buying. The same quick depletion of inventories could occur if trucks stopped making deliveries for any reason.
Panic buying means no food on the shelves. When people don’t have food at home and then the grocery store doesn’t have food, rioting will intensify. Things could get ugly in a hurry as one small disruption leads to a domino effect, after which Bedlam ensues.
So, it is best to be prepared with non-perishable items just in case things get out of hand. Have at least several weeks food supply on hand. But, how do you stop people from coming and taking your stash?
Be Armed The police won’t be around to protect you if Bedlam ensues
Contrary to gun propaganda from the media , you absolutely want to be armed in the event the election and its aftermath don’t pass peacefully. What happens when stores no longer have food and gas stations no longer have gas? Gangs form looking for homes that do have those items.
They’re going to pick out the weakest home in the neighborhood and pounce.
A home with guns is a safe home. Just as this YouTube video shows , armed thugs may bust into a house looking for money or food, but they started jumping through plate glass windows and scrambling like cockroaches once the homeowner came out with guns blazing.
Several handguns with extra ammunition are advised. Know how to use them. Be steady with the trigger. And don’t be afraid to use them if looters come to your house.
The police will NOT be there to protect you as they’ll have their hands full with the chaos.
Better To Be Safe Than Sorry The idea of an intact nuclear family may be a trite memory, but protecting your loved ones is still key
With the meltdown of America happening right before our very eyes, we are entering an unstable period in the nation’s history, to say the least. No matter who wins the election the nation we once knew and loved is passing away. Trump may be able to turn things around temporarily, but even if he does the country now has so many immigrants it will be impossible to assimilate them all.
We are entering a period in which America will resemble a third world country more and more. The demographics of the nation are being changed on purpose so white people are diminished at the ballot box and Democrats will gain a lock grip on the levers of power in the nation in the coming years . Divisions between rich and poor will grow, and the evil media will be there stirring the pot with racial, class, and gender division every step of the way . Peace will become a thing of the past as squabbling factions compete with each other for dominance.
In this transition from prosperity to despotism, it is best to be safe than sorry. The day after election day will be telling in that it will set the tone for the next four years. It may be a somewhat peaceful turn towards Communism if The Bitch wins, or it may not be.
But my money is on a steady degradation of civil society in the coming years. Tend your own garden, as I know I will be tending my own. My military friends are already discussing what will happen in SHTF scenario. You should be thinking about it, too.
Read More: Has The Theft Of The 2016 Presidential Election Already Begun? 
",0
19806,"Trump Drops Truth Bombs on Cuba Regime, Policies - Breitbart","President Donald Trump offered the most forthright criticism of Cuba since John F. Kennedy when he addressed a crowd in Miami ahead of signing an executive order reversing the Obama administration’s policy of normalization. [In a speech frequently interrupted by applause, and by cameo appearances from   activists, Trump laid out a moral case against the Castro regime and its policies that few previous presidents have dared to make.  “We will not be silent in the face of communist oppression any longer,” Trump said. He laid out his principles and policies, including regime change: “With God’s help, a free Cuba is what we will soon achieve,” he said, to sustained cheers and chants of “  !” He listed some of the human rights abuses of the Castro regime, acknowledging those in the audience who had suffered the “true and brutal nature of the Castro regime   …     many of you witnessed terrible crimes committed in service of a depraved ideology. ” He mentioned activists in Cuba who were prevented from leaving to attend his speech. He saluted exiles and dissidents present, some of whom had suffered decades of imprisonment in Cuba. Trump declared defiantly  —   in a swipe at his predecessor: “Now that I am president, America will expose the crimes of the Castro regime and stand with the Cuban people in their struggle for freedom. Because we know it is best for America to have freedom in our hemisphere, whether in Cuba or Venezuela, and to have a future where the people of each country can live out their own dreams,” he said. He added: For nearly six decades, the Cuban people have suffered under communist domination. To this day, Cuba is ruled by the same people who killed tens of thousands of their own citizens, who sought to spread their repressive and failed ideology throughout our hemisphere, and who once tried to host enemy nuclear weapons ninety miles from our shores. The Castro regime has shipped arms to North Korea, and fueled chaos in Venezuela. While imprisoning innocents, it has harbored cop killers, hijackers, and terrorists. It has supported human trafficking, forced labor, and exploitation all around the globe. This is the simple truth of the Castro regime. My administration will not hide from it, excuse it, or glamorize it. And we will never, ever be blind to it. We know what’s going on, and we remember what happened. And he declared: The previous administration’s easing of restrictions on travel and trade does not help the Cuban people. They only enrich the Cuban regime. The profits from investment and tourism flow directly to the [Cuban] military. The regime takes the money and owns the industry. The outcome of [the] last administration’s executive action has been only more repression, and a move to crush the peaceful, democratic movement. He later laid out conditions for a new agreement to improve relations, including dramatic improvements in Cuba’s human rights policies, the holding of free elections supervised by international observers, and the “return of the cop killer, Joanne Chesimard. ” (The latter is known as “Assata Shakur” and is still lionized by the American left.) It was all too much for at least one Obama administration adviser. As Trump spoke, former Obama White House official Ben Rhodes, one of the main architects of normalization with Cuba, tweeted furiously in opposition. He declared: “Trump doesn’t care about the human rights of the Cuban people and his policies will do nothing to help them. ” Rhodes also challenged the   in the audience: “The few people in Miami enabling Trump in carrying out this charade should be   held accountable. He could care less about Cubans,” he tweeted. “It’s tragic that some people in Fla are so determined to cling to a failed hardline on Cuba that they’re hitching themselves to Donald Trump,” he later added. Trump left the door open to diplomacy, stating that his new policy will maintain the U. S. embassy in Havana: “Our embassy [in Cuba] remains open in the hope that our countries can forge a stronger and much better path,” he said. “We will respect Cuban sovereignty, but we will never turn our backs on the Cuban people,” he later added. Trump left no doubt that relations would henceforth have to be based on a foundation of truth  —   not lenience toward a regime that secured   concessions from the Obama administration without any domestic political change. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
19807,"USA Today Sports Writer Bashes Tom Brady, Praises Colin Kaepernick - Breitbart","Nancy Armour, writing at USA Today, believes Tom Brady has a lot of explaining to do this Super Bowl week for his friendship with President Donald Trump. Moreover, in the same article, she praises Colin Kaepernick for being “eloquent” in his criticism of law enforcement in America. [The San Francisco 49ers quarterback, who refused to stand for the Star Spangled Banner this season and wore socks with pigs dressed in police uniforms, is “eloquent in detailing his concerns over police brutality in minority communities. He’s sparked conversations and reflection in NFL locker rooms and beyond,” states Armour. “Kaepernick has been open, available and consistent with his opinion. ”   As she trashes the 45th president of the United States, Armour seems surprised when Kaepernick is “portrayed as     and  . ” The writer empathizes with the beleaguered QB because after all, he denies those charges. “He’s had insults, slurs and worse directed at him. He was blamed for the drop in TV ratings early in the season,” Armour laments. And to the author, perhaps the worst insult you could possibly levy on Kaepernick is that “One person last week even tried to say Trump’s election was partly the result of Kaepernick’s protests. ” Of course, as far as Brady is concerned he deserves some tough questioning for his friendship with the president. “Trump’s campaign was steeped in racism, bigotry, and misogyny, and he has doubled down on his hatred in his first week as president. It’s left Americans across the country angry and frightened, fearful that the ideals that have made this country exceptional for more than 200 years are being abandoned,” Armour opines.  Brady describes his relationship with Trump as a long time friendship. He also had the audacity to have a “Make America Great Again” hat in his locker. For Armour that makes the Patriot’s star in support of racism and misogyny, that is unless he can unfriend Trump, Armour leads us to believe.  But, Brady said about the president that, “if you know someone, it doesn’t mean that you agree with everything that they say or do. Right?” “There’s things I don’t believe [in] absolutely. I don’t believe in, you know, there’s a lot of things,” Brady continued. “Not to denounce anything, it’s just that there are different things that I feel like, you know   …     I don’t agree with everything. That’s fine, right?” Nope. That’s not good enough for Armour. Brady must be interrogated this week about Trump. And if he doesn’t know how to open himself to the media then all he needs to do is call on Colin. Because, “If Brady needs an example of how that’s done, he can look at Kaepernick,” Armour informs us. ",0
19808,"Black Agenda Radio for Week of Nov. 7, 2016","News, information and analysis from the black left. Black Agenda Radio for Week of Nov. 7, 2016 Submitted by Nellie Bailey a... on Mon, 11/07/2016 - 19:35 Venezuela Hi-Tech Production in the Service of Humanity in Mississippi 
Renaissance Jackson, the organization that briefly won the mayor’s office in predominantly Black Jackson, Mississippi, has launched a campaign to purchase a coding and programming capacity and a 3-D fabrication facility. They call it “Fab Lab.” This technology, “if it is democratically controlled, could actually serve humanity,” said Cooperation Jackson spokesman Kali Akuno . These kinds of projects are crucial, “first and foremost, to satisfy some of the basic needs of our community, and -- on a deeper level -- to really put this means of production directly in our community’s hands.” High tech is “one of these areas of the so-called ‘digital divide’ that Black people have been sorely and strategically absent from,” said Akuno. “So, we are doing it for ourselves.” Obamacare “Imploding and Beyond Repair” 
The current wave of insurance rate hikes and medical service cutbacks is the predictable result of an Affordable Care Act (ACA) that “was pretty much a gift to the health insurance industry” when Congress passed it, in 2010, said Dr. John Geyman , professor emeritus of family medicine at the University of Washington School of Medicine, in Seattle. ACA “was never designed for affordability -- it’s a misnomer in the name of the bill,” he said. Obamacare is “imploding and beyond repair,” and unsustainable. “Tweeks cannot work in the long term. The main fight should be for what will save money and give universal coverage to everyone: namely, single payer national health insurance.” Dr. Geyman said single payer healthcare could save $500 billion a year -- about the same as the entire U.S. “defense” budget. The Fight for Education for Liberation in Detroit 
At a “Community Conversation on the Crisis in the Schools,” Detroit activists, educators and parents gathered to address the question: “Who Created the School Crisis, and How are We Responding to it?” Among those wrestling with the issue was Dr. Thomas Pedroni , professor of Curriculum Studies at Wayne State University. He said the decline began with the state takeover of schools in the 1990s, and worsened dramatically after the imposition of state-appointed “emergency managers.” “School could be one of the most meaningful places for our communities, but instead, it’s deadened,” Dr. Pedroni told the crowd at the Charles H. Wright Museum of African American History. “But, we’re going to fight to get back to the place where we have culturally relevant curriculum, not just producing a test score but to develop people who are self-empowered and who know how to fight for their community.” Venezuela Weathering Financial Storm, Despite Disinformation Campaign 
“I challenge you to find one item of news that is positive to Venezuela in these last 16 or 17 years,” said Maria Paez Victor , a Venezuelan-born sociologist living in Toronto, Canada, and author of an article titled “Hating Venezuela.” Ms. Victor said the United States and its rightwing allies in Venezuela have kept up a non-stop disinformation campaign ever since the late Hugo Chavez and his Socialist Party were democratically elected in 1998. A crisis triggered by the collapse of world oil prices allowed the opposition to capture the legislature, last year, but Victor says the government is coping. “Venezuela has managed to weather a terrible financial situation, but this is bad news for corporate capitalism and for the United States, because they want Venezuela to be controlled by their lackies.” Black Agenda Radio on the Progressive Radio Network is hosted by Glen Ford and Nellie Bailey. A new edition of the program airs every Monday at 11:00am ET on PRN. Length: one hour.",0
19809,Islamic State Targeting Spanish Coastal Resort Towns,"The Spanish government has released a new report claiming members of Islamic State could be targeting coastal resort towns to carry out   massacres of tourists. [The coastal resort towns of Spain are popular with British, German, and other tourists across Europe and may be under threat according to the Spanish government. The government’s National Security report states Islamic State has increased its recruiting efforts in Spain and has started publishing more propaganda in Spanish leading to the increased warning over possible future attacks, De Telegraaf reports.  The report highlights several factors including cyber security and claim that the terror group will likely launch more cyber attacks in the near future that would target critical infrastructure in the country. In 2016, there were  21, 000 incidents of cyber attacks  —   up 15 per cent from 2015. Of those around 3. 6 per cent were considered to be serious security threats. The terror group is also said to have launched a campaign last summer to procure more Spanish translators to help spread their jihadist propaganda on social media. The increase in Spanish propaganda “implies an increase of the risk of its influence on the radicals installed in our country,” the report notes. While no specific geographical targets have been named by the terror group, the report notes an attack would put the civil aviation sector at risk due to the possible effect on the global economy. Spain has maintained a high alert status across the entire country and is presently at threat level 4. This means authorities believe there is a potential attack risk, though no official or specific plans have been discovered. In 2016, the government carried out 36 police operations which led to the arrest of 69 people who are alleged to have connections to terrorist groups. Also mentioned was the increased migration of African migrants into Spain’s North African enclaves of Ceuta and Melilla. Over the past year, both areas have seen migrants break through or climb over the large border fences in an effort to claim asylum in the European Union (EU). In one instance earlier this year, over a thousand migrants stormed Ceuta in one day. Last month in the enclave, two people were arrested by police accused of having connections to Islamic State. The Interior Ministry did not give out the identities of those arrested but did note that many of the 180 arrests of individuals linked to the terror group over the last two years occurred in Ceuta.",0
19810,Going Green: Marijuana Wins Big During Election,"As the Republican party claimed multiple historic wins during Tuesday’s election, so did the controversial drug marijuana.
While many Americans and law enforcement agencies remain opposed to legalization of cannabis for various reasons, voters in multiple states passed ballot measures bringing pot closer to national acceptance.
Here is the breakdown:
Arkansas 
-Issue 6 passed legalizing the use of medicinal marijuana.
California 
-Proposition 64 passed by a wide margin and legalized the recreational use of marijuana. California previously allowed the use of medicinal marijuana.
Florida 
– Amendment 2 passed legalizing ‘physician-prescribed’ marijuana.
Massachusetts 
– Question 4 passed legalizing both medicinal marijuana and recreational marijuana for those at least 21 years of age.
Montana 
– Initiative 182 passed legalizing the use of medicinal marijuana.
Nevada 
– Question 2 passed legalizing the recreational use of marijuana ( one ounce or less ) by adults 21 and over.
North Dakota 
– Measure 5 passed legalizing the use of medicinal marijuana.
Currently, Question 1 in Maine has yet to be determined, it stands to legalize, regulate, and tax marijuana as an agricultural product.
Arizona’s Proposition 205 failed and stood to legalize marijuana for individuals older than 21 years of age.
Source: Ballotpedia 
Thoughts on these results? Let us know in the comment section below.
",0
19812,"Hollywood, Media Mercilessly Mock Kellyanne Conway’s Trump Inauguration Outfit","Media and Hollywood elites were among the many who mocked incoming senior Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway, over the outfit she wore for President Trump’s inauguration on Friday. [What Conway told NBC News was her “Trump revolutionary wear” is actually a red, white, and blue Gucci coat. Conway wore the $3, 600 coat with a bright red hat and red gloves.  It didn’t take long for the internet to notice Conway’s outfit, and she was mercilessly mocked. Below is a sampling of some of the sexist insults hurled at Trump’s incoming senior strategist, many of them from the very media tasked to cover the Trump White House. The Daily Show Twitter: Kellyanne Conway dressed as the era Trump wants to take America back to. #InaugurationDay pic. twitter.   —   The Daily Show (@TheDailyShow) January 20, 2017,    blog Jezebel: Haha what the fuck is Kellyanne Conway wearing #inauguration2017 https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Jezebel (@Jezebel) January 20, 2017,  The Huffington Post Lifestyle: Kellyanne Conway really loves America. Just ask her outfit. https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   HuffPost Lifestyle (@HPLifestyle) January 20, 2017,  The Hollywood   offshoot   : Kellyanne Conway dresses like court jester for #TrumpInauguration: https:  .  pic. twitter.   —      (@pretareporter) January 20, 2017,  NBC, Today Show reporter Ronan Farrow: My aesthetic is Kellyanne Conway revolutionary war cosplay. pic. twitter.   —   Ronan Farrow (@RonanFarrow) January 20, 2017,  Staff writer for The Hollywood Reporter Ryan Parker: pic. twitter.   —   Ryan Parker (@TheRyanParker) January 20, 2017,  Managing Editor, Video for Mic Slade Sohmer: ♫ Guns. And ships. And so the balance shifts. ♫ pic. twitter.   —   Slade Sohmer (@Slade) January 20, 2017,  New York Time SundayStyles reporter Katie Rosman: Because I can’t stop tweeting about Kellyanne Conway’s awful $3500 Gucci coat: please salute the Homewood, Alabama HS drum major team! pic. twitter.   —   katie rosman (@katierosman) January 20, 2017,  Assignment Editor for New York Daily News Joseph Barracato: Ready, Set, Inaugurate! @KellyannePolls wears     ‘Trump Revolutionary Wear’ coat to inauguration https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Joseph Barracato (@JoeBarracato) January 20, 2017,  Columnist, Opinion Producer, CBC Robyn Urback: For inauguration day, Kellyanne Conway debuts the uniform of the new Trump guard pic. twitter.   —   Robyn Urback (@RobynUrback) January 20, 2017,  The Huffington Post reporter Matt Fuller: Can’t believe Steve Bannon didn’t wear a matching outfit with Kellyanne Conway. pic. twitter.   —   Matt Fuller (@MEPFuller) January 20, 2017,  NFL Draft analysts Tyler Brooke: Why does Kellyanne Conway look like the old New England Patriots logo? pic. twitter.   —   Tyler Brooke (@TylerDBrooke) January 20, 2017,  Late Night With Seth Meyers writer Dina Gusovsky: Here’s Kellyanne Conway fresh from defeating the Hessians at the battle of Trenton CC: @jeffkbell pic. twitter.   —   Dina Gusovsky (@DinaGusovsky) January 20, 2017, ",0
19813,"Europe on eve of banking ARMAGEDDON which will dwarf 2008 global crash, warns expert – how does this affect YOU?","By SIOBHAN MCFADYEN 
And analysts say the potential for a cataclysmic failure could spread like a wild-fire hitting the continent and beyond as the true extent of deep troubles in the international banking sector are revealed. 
The IMF and German governments have refused to step in to prop-up struggling banks but risk analysts are warning Deutsche Bank, RBS, Lloyds, Unicredit, Intesa SanPaolo, and BMPS could all need a state bail out. 
And it’s going to be a wake up call for the whole of Europe say experts who fear the reports are not going to be good for anyone. With alarming simliarities to the 2008 global financial crash, the latest results could spell disaster not only for the wealthy bankers paid to operate the system but for ordinary savers.
New York based David Hendler of Viola Risk Advisors says the next two days could have serious ramifications for the entire globe. 
He said: “Like autumn leaves falling from the mighty oaks, the incredible yellows, oranges, and reds, will turn and rot into the ugly browns and black detritus, leading to smelly and then crumbled leaves. Deutsche Bank’s debt could affect the rest of the European banks “Once a mighty European bank, unfortunately, Deutsche Bank is going down that “death-spiral” path and much of the big European banks are too whether due to their own transgression or sucked 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
19814,Medical Examiner: Chris Cornell Committed Suicide By Hanging,"Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell committed suicide Wednesday night in his Detroit hotel room by hanging himself, a medical examiner has confirmed. [“The cause of death has been determined as hanging by suicide. A full autopsy report has not yet been completed. There is no additional information at this time,” the Wayne County Medical Examiner’s Office announced Thursday afternoon.  Cornell’s representative Brian Bumbery told the Associated Press that the singer was found in his hotel room at the MGM Grand Detroit hours after his performance Wednesday at the city’s Fox Theatre. Cornell had been touring with the reunited Soundgarden, the band he fronted for 30 years. Rock legends including Elton John, Steven Tyler, Neil Roger, Billy Idol, and more mourned the late singer on social media Wednesday. Shocked and saddened by the sudden death of @chriscornell. A great singer, songwriter and the loveliest man. pic. twitter.   —   Elton John (@eltonofficial) May 18, 2017,  THERE’S A NEW STAR IN THE HEAVENS TONIGHT  …    THAT WILL SHINE FOREVER FROM THE MEMORY OF YOUR  …     https:  .   —   Steven Tyler (@IamStevenT) May 18, 2017,  A mutual friend called me and tells me my bro passed away. #RIPChrisCornell You are a great artist Love to Vicki and fam @nilerodgers pic. twitter.   —   Nile Rodgers (@nilerodgers) May 18, 2017,  x https:  .   —   Coldplay (@coldplay) May 18, 2017,  Very sad news about Chris Cornell today. A sad loss of a great talent to the world, his friends and family. Rest In Peace. pic. twitter.   —   Joe Perry (@JoePerry) May 18, 2017,  SO SO stunned to hear about Chris Cornell! Such a terrible and sad loss! Thinking of his family tonight! RIP,  —   Dave Navarro (@DaveNavarro) May 18, 2017,  RIP Chris CornellIncredibly TalentedIncredibly YoungIncredibly Missed. pic. twitter.   —   Jimmy Page (@JimmyPage) May 18, 2017,  Sad 2 hear of Chris Cornell passing. .great singer and artist  …               another blow  …    RIP,  —   Billy Idol (@BillyIdol) May 18, 2017,  Cornell also put out four solo studio records and a live record and went viral with a cover of Prince’s Nothing Compares 2 U, that has been played nearly 8 million times.  Footage of the singer’s final gig surfaced on Youtube on Thursday morning, amid news of his passing.    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
19815,Trump Considering ’Explosive’ Executive Order on Unfair Trade,"The Trump administration is working on an executive order that could be much broader than the   dumping measures reported earlier, according to Axios. [Last week, the New York Times reported that President Donald Trump would sign an executive order targeting Chinese dumping into the U. S. soon after the conclusion of China President Xi Jinping state visit in Florida. Under the Obama administration, a preliminary study by the Commerce Department found that China was dumping steel into the U. S. at below market prices.  Back in September, the U. S. International Trade Commission affirmed a decision to impose   and   duties on certain steel imports from Australia, Brazil, Britain, Japan, the Netherlands, South Korea and Turkey. The Trump administration recently launched a   investigation into the massive and persistent trade deficits the U. S. runs with   “trading partnets” and the unfair trading policies that may be causing them. Axios describes the potential for an executive order with broader trade sanctions as “explosive,” although it reports that while the plans are “very fluid” and there are internal disagreements about how aggressive the order will be, it likely won’t be confined to steel. Axios report Jonathan Swan says White House sources have told him: A White House official told Breitbart News that it is likely any executive order to emerge prior to the investigation into trade deficits is completed would be narrowly tailored to commodities and metals such as steel and aluminum and wouldn’t include broader manufactured goods such as appliances.",0
19816,Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Struggle to Be Unifying Voice for Nation - The New York Times,"No moment in the 2016 presidential campaign has cried out more for a unifying candidate than the police shootings of two black men last week and the ensuing national uproar, followed by the shocking sniper ambush that killed five police officers in Dallas. And no other moment has revealed more starkly how hard it is for Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton to become that candidate. Never have two presidential nominees been as unpopular as Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton, and they are not fully trusted by their own parties nor showing significant crossover appeal in the polls. Mr. Trump, the   champion of law and order, is also the political figure many people blame for sowing division and hatred with his attacks on illegal immigrants, Muslims, Mexicans and others. Rather than defuse tension, he electrifies crowds and vanquishes rivals through provocations that he delights in calling politically incorrect. Of the two, Mrs. Clinton would seem more able, and driven, to try to bring the country together. She has a large following among black voters and speaks ardently about the need for “respect” and “love and kindness. ” After Dallas, she called on “white people to understand how   feel every day. ” Yet many on the right and some on the left dislike her intensely, and even her admirers say she lacks the public emotion, oratorical skills and reputation for honesty to persuade large numbers of Americans to see things her way. The need for a reassuring and healing voice has come at a particularly bad time for the two presumptive presidential nominees. For many Americans, Mrs. Clinton’s credibility was further damaged last week as the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, sharply criticized her for being “extremely careless” about her use of private email as secretary of state. At the same time, Mr. Trump alienated many voters with his mixed comments about Saddam Hussein and his defensiveness over a Twitter post that many people regarded as  . “Trump is 100 percent saying the right things about police and respecting authority, but then he says these other comments that are too weird for voters to ignore,” said Fred L. DeLuca, a Trump supporter and former police officer who owns a graphic supply store in Youngstown, Ohio. “And Hillary  —   I don’t trust what she says about law enforcement, not at all. ” Traumatic events have at times become opportunities for presidential candidates to step up and grow in the eyes of the American public, such as when Bill Clinton went to Los Angeles in 1992 in the aftermath of the riots there, or when Barack Obama pushed for aggressive, bipartisan action from the federal government to stem the banking crisis and protect taxpayers. Mr. Clinton’s   image and empathic personality appealed across party lines, as did Mr. Obama’s historic candidacy. And in moments of national crisis, presidents have shown ability to unify the country, if fleetingly, like George W. Bush did after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. These candidates did not have to sell themselves to voters against such an intense combination of terrorism, mass shootings, police and gun violence, social unease and   fear. Still, the current run of crises has, in the view of many Democrats and Republicans, served only to spotlight the shortcomings of both Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton. “The sense of alienation and estrangement is so great today that it’s hard to unite people, and these candidates haven’t done it,” said the Rev. Jesse Jackson, a Clinton backer. The historian Doris Kearns Goodwin compared the current political climate to the Civil War era and recalled Lincoln’s “House Divided” speech, during his 1858 Senate campaign, in which he analyzed the deep divisions between the North and the South and predicted that the country would become more united  —   but first slavery had to be eliminated or made the law of the land. She said Lincoln proved to be a president who would go to war to unify the country, and credited President Lyndon B. Johnson and the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. with mobilizing forces around the country and in Congress in the 1960s to pass civil rights legislation that  —   while highly divisive  —   also brought greater equality for Americans. “If Trump was a more disciplined, focused candidate, this could be his moment to win over Americans because the desire for a strong leader is great in moments of turbulence,” she said. “But look at his record. After ‘Brexit,’ he talked about the weak currency helping his golf course. After the Orlando shootings, it was, ‘I told you so.’ After the F. B. I. report on Hillary, he couldn’t focus on that. Voters want candidates to show we can trust them, and both candidates have this problem. ” In several recent polls, roughly   of Americans said that Mrs. Clinton was not honest and trustworthy Mr. Trump drew similar numbers on the question. These polls were conducted before the F. B. I. director rebuked Mrs. Clinton over her private email and handling of classified material. Mr. Trump, whose poll ratings grew after his forceful responses to terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino, Calif. tried to sound similarly resolute on Friday evening, saying in a video that law enforcement was “the force between civilization and total chaos. ” And, he said, “Now is the time for prayers, love, unity and leadership. ” These remarks were relatively restrained for him, and his advisers hope that he can build on his image as a powerful,   executive and attempt to unify voters. He is the choice of most voters who say they are particularly interested in electing a strong leader  —   a little over   of the electorate, according to a recent Bloomberg Politics survey. A Gallup poll conducted in May showed that six in 10 Americans consider him a strong and decisive leader. Vernita Blocker, a retired social work administrator from Lindenwold, N. J. supports Mrs. Clinton but said she worried that Mr. Trump might be better suited to capitalize on Americans’ concerns about fraying social order. “The more people are afraid, the more it plays into Trump’s hands because they will want a   president,” Ms. Blocker said. “Hillary has to find more ways to persuade people that she could really unite the country despite all the people who don’t like her. ” Yet Mr. Trump is still having trouble uniting his own party, while Mrs. Clinton appears further along with Democrats. The conventions this month will be huge opportunities for the nominees to galvanize the faithful, but also a chance to reach out to the other side with traditionally positive speeches about their hopes for the country. On policy, Mrs. Clinton is also eager to find common ground on gun control and criminal justice reform  —   issues that resonate with many voters at a time of seemingly endless violence. While new gun laws are opposed by many on the right, she wants Americans to at least talk about finding solutions  —   if not uniting behind them. “I think ‘unity’ is the wrong goal, and what we need can’t be achieved by lofty oratory alone,” said Wendy L. Wall, an associate professor of history at Binghamton University. “Often in our past, unity has meant burying disagreements rather than solving common problems. What we need now is someone who can work across differences, not erase them. ” “I think there is no way Trump could do this,” she added. “I think the jury is still out on Clinton. ”",0
19817,"Police Punched, Kicked While on Routine Patrol in Migrant-Dominated Suburb - Breitbart","Police officers were punched, kicked, and attacked with glass bottles in Stockholm on Friday night while on patrol in Rinkeby. [Officers on patrol in the   suburb were conducting a routine check on a person when they were attacked by a mob of between 20 and 30 people, according to Stockholm police spokesman Eva Nilsson.  She said: “The fight started when police conducted the check, and all at once a group of people ran out from a place nearby, maybe a restaurant or whatever it was. Exactly how many people were involved is difficult to say, but the officers who were attacked felt that it was between 20 and 30. ” A statement on the police website says that officers were “punched and kicked in an attack by a large group of people” and reports that the mob “also threw glass bottles at the patrol”. Three officers were sent to hospital for their injuries. Ms. Nilsson said that while the area is known to have suffered unrest of late, with residents protesting the high crime rate, Friday’s   attack was out of the ordinary. She told Expressen: “It is absolutely unacceptable that this happened during normal service. “Of course, it’s a serious thing when police officers who are just acting in their official capacity are attacked in this way. It is a reality which, unfortunately, exists as something which happens now and again for colleagues who work there. ” Expressen reports that three people, all of whom were born in the 1990s, have been arrested in connection with the attack on suspicion of rioting, assaulting police, and violently resisting arrest. Police in western Stockholm are investigating further into the matter. Though the Swedish Embassy in Hungary denied the existence of ‘  areas’ in Sweden, police last year admitted having lost control in 55 areas where they have great difficulty in attempting to enforce the law. A report released in September revealed the extent of the crisis in police confidence. Due to the dangers police face in the field amidst increasing levels of criminality, 80 per cent of officers are considering a change in career.",0
19818,The path to total Dictatorship: America’s Shadow Government and its silent coup,"The path to total Dictatorship: America’s Shadow Government and its silent coup Unaffected by elections. Unaltered by populist movements. Beyond the reach of the law By John W. Whitehead - October 27, 2016 “Today the path to total dictatorship in the U.S. can be laid by strictly legal means, unseen and unheard by Congress, the President, or the people . Outwardly we have a Constitutional government. We have operating within our government and political system … a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state…. The important point to remember about this group is not its ideology but its organization… It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government…. This group … is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts. It is practically irremovable.”— Senator William Jenner, 1954 speech 
Unaffected by elections. Unaltered by populist movements. Beyond the reach of the law. 
Say hello to America’s shadow government. 
A corporatized, militarized, entrenched bureaucracy that is fully operational and staffed by unelected officials who are, in essence, running the country, this shadow government represents the hidden face of a government that has no respect for the freedom of its citizenry. 
No matter which candidate wins the presidential election, this shadow government is here to stay. Indeed, as recent documents by the FBI reveal, this shadow government— also referred to as “The 7th Floor Group” —may well have played a part in who will win the White House this year. 
To be precise, however, the future president will actually inherit not one but two shadow governments. 
The first shadow government, referred to as COG or Continuity of Government, is made up of unelected individuals who have been appointed to run the government in the event of a “catastrophe.” COG is a phantom menace waiting for the right circumstances—a terrorist attack, a natural disaster, an economic meltdown—to bring it out of the shadows, where it operates even now. When and if COG takes over, the police state will transition to martial law. 
Yet it is the second shadow government —also referred to as the Deep State—that poses the greater threat to freedom right now. Comprised of unelected government bureaucrats, corporations, contractors, paper-pushers, and button-pushers who are actually calling the shots behind the scenes, this government within a government is the real reason “we the people” have no real control over our government. 
The Deep State, which “ operates according to its own compass heading regardless of who is formally in power ,” makes a mockery of elections and the entire concept of a representative government. 
So who or what is the Deep State? 
It’s the militarized police, which have joined forces with state and federal   in order to establish themselves as a standing army. It’s the fusion centers and spy agencies that have created a surveillance state and turned all of us into suspects. It’s the courthouses and prisons that have allowed corporate profits to take precedence over due process and justice. It’s the military empire with its private contractors and defense industry that is bankrupting the nation. It’s the private sector with its 854,000 contract personnel with top-secret clearances, “a number greater than that of top-secret-cleared civilian employees of the government.” It’s what former congressional staffer Mike Lofgren refers to as “ a hybrid of national security and   ”: the Department of Defense, the State Department, Homeland Security, the CIA, the Justice Department, the Treasury, the Executive Office of the President via the National Security Council, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, a handful of vital federal trial courts, and members of the defense and intelligence committees. 
It’s every facet of a government that is no longer friendly to freedom and is working overtime to trample the Constitution underfoot and render the citizenry powerless in the face of the government’s power grabs, corruption and abusive tactics. 
These are the key players that drive the shadow government. 
This is the hidden face of the American police state that will continue long past Election Day. 
Just consider some of the key programs and policies advanced by the shadow government that will continue no matter who occupies the Oval Office. 
Domestic surveillance. No matter who wins the presidential popularity contest, the National Security Agency (NSA), with its $10.8 billion black ops annual budget, will continue to spy on every person in the United States who uses a computer or phone. Thus, on any given day, whether you’re walking through a store, driving your car, checking email, or talking to friends and family on the phone, you can be sure that some government agency, whether the NSA or some other entity, is listening in and tracking your behavior. Local police have been outfitted with a litany of surveillance gear, from license plate readers and cell phone tracking devices to biometric data recorders. Technology now makes it possible for the police to scan passersby in order to detect the contents of their pockets, purses, briefcases, etc. Full-body scanners, which perform virtual strip-searches of Americans traveling by plane, have gone mobile, with roving police vans that peer into vehicles and buildings alike—including homes. Coupled with the nation’s growing network of real-time surveillance cameras and facial recognition software, soon there really will be nowhere to run and nowhere to hide. 
Global spying. The NSA’s massive surveillance network, what the Washington Post refers to as a $500 billion “ espionage empire ,” will continue to span the globe and target every single person on the planet who uses a phone or a computer. The NSA’s Echelon program intercepts and analyzes virtually every phone call, fax and email message sent anywhere in the world. In addition to carrying out domestic surveillance on peaceful political groups such as Amnesty International, Greenpeace and several religious groups, Echelon has also been a keystone in the government’s attempts at political and corporate espionage . 
Roving TSA searches. The American taxpayer will continue to get ripped off by government agencies in the dubious name of national security. One of the greatest culprits when it comes to swindling taxpayers has been the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), with its questionable deployment of and complete mismanagement of millions of dollars’ worth of airport full-body X-ray scanners, punitive patdowns by TSA agents and thefts of travelers’ valuables. Considered essential to national security, TSA programs will continue in airports and at transportation hubs around the country. 
USA Patriot Act, NDAA. America’s so-called war on terror, which it has relentlessly pursued since 9/11, will continue to chip away at our freedoms, unravel our Constitution and transform our nation into a battlefield, thanks in large part to such subversive legislation as the USA Patriot Act and National Defense Authorization Act. These laws completely circumvent the rule of law and the rights of American citizens. In so doing, they re-orient our legal landscape in such a way as to ensure that martial law, rather than the U.S. Constitution, is the map by which we navigate life in the United States. These laws will continue to be enforced no matter who gets elected. 
Militarized police state. Thanks to federal grant programs allowing the Pentagon to transfer surplus military supplies and weapons to local   without charge, police forces will continue to be transformed from peace officers into heavily armed extensions of the military, complete with jackboots, helmets, shields, batons, pepper-spray, stun guns, assault rifles, body armor, miniature tanks and weaponized drones. Having been given the green light to probe, poke, pinch, taser, search, seize, strip and generally manhandle anyone they see fit in almost any circumstance, all with the general blessing of the courts, America’s law enforcement officials, no longer mere servants of the people entrusted with keeping the peace, will continue to keep the masses corralled, controlled, and treated like suspects and enemies rather than citizens. 
SWAT team raids. With more than 80,000 SWAT team raids carried out every year on unsuspecting Americans by local police for relatively routine police matters and federal agencies laying claim to their own law enforcement divisions, the incidence of botched raids and related casualties will continue to rise. Nationwide, SWAT teams will continue to be employed to address an astonishingly trivial array of criminal activity or mere community nuisances including angry dogs, domestic disputes, improper paperwork filed by an orchid farmer, and misdemeanor marijuana possession. 
Domestic drones. The domestic use of drones will continue unabated. As mandated by Congress, there will be 30,000 drones crisscrossing the skies of America by 2020, all part of an industry that could be worth as much as $30 billion per year. These machines, which will be equipped with weapons, will be able to record all activities, using video feeds, heat sensors and radar. An Inspector General report revealed that the Dept. of Justice has already spent nearly $4 million on drones domestically, largely for use by the FBI , with grants for another $1.26 million so police departments and nonprofits can acquire their own drones. 
School-to-prison pipeline. The paradigm of abject compliance to the state will continue to be taught by example in the schools, through school lockdowns where police and drug-sniffing dogs enter the classroom, and zero tolerance policies that punish all offenses equally and result in young people being expelled for childish behavior. School districts will continue to team up with law enforcement to create a “schoolhouse to jailhouse track” by imposing a “double dose” of punishment: suspension or expulsion from school, accompanied by an arrest by the police and a trip to juvenile court. 
Overcriminalization. The government bureaucracy will continue to churn out laws, statutes, codes and regulations that reinforce its powers and value systems and those of the police state and its corporate allies, rendering the rest of us petty criminals. The average American now unknowingly commits three felonies a day, thanks to this overabundance of vague laws that render otherwise innocent activity illegal. Consequently, small farmers who dare to make unpasteurized goat cheese and share it with members of their community will continue to have their farms raided. 
Privatized Prisons. States will continue to outsource prisons to private corporations, resulting in a cash cow whereby mega-corporations imprison Americans in private prisons in order to make a profit. In exchange for corporations buying and managing public prisons across the country at a supposed savings to the states, the states have to agree to maintain a 90% occupancy rate in the privately run prisons for at least 20 years. 
Endless wars. America’s expanding military empire will continue to bleed the country dry at a rate of more than $15 billion a month (or $20 million an hour). The Pentagon spends more on war than all 50 states combined spend on health, education, welfare, and safety. Yet what most Americans fail to recognize is that these ongoing wars have little to do with keeping the country safe and everything to do with enriching the military industrial complex at taxpayer expense. 
Are you getting the message yet? 
The next president, much like the current president and his predecessors, will be little more than a figurehead, a puppet to entertain and distract the populace from what’s really going on. 
As Lofgren reveals, this state within a state, “concealed behind the one that is visible at either end of Pennsylvania Avenue ,” is a “hybrid entity of public and private institutions ruling the country according to consistent patterns in season and out, connected to, but only intermittently controlled by, the visible state whose leaders we choose.” 
The Deep State not only holds the nation’s capital in thrall, but it also controls Wall Street (“which supplies the cash that keeps the political machine quiescent and operating as a diversionary marionette theater”) and Silicon Valley. 
This is fascism in its most covert form, hiding behind public agencies and private companies to carry out its dirty deeds. 
It is a marriage between government bureaucrats and corporate fat cats. 
As Lofgren concludes: 
[T]he Deep State is so heavily entrenched, so well protected by surveillance, firepower, money and its ability to co-opt resistance that it is almost impervious to change … If there is anything the Deep State requires it is silent, uninterrupted cash flow and the confidence that things will go on as they have in the past. It is even willing to tolerate a degree of gridlock: Partisan mud wrestling over cultural issues may be a useful distraction from its agenda. 
In other words, as I point out in my book Battlefield America: The War on the American People , as long as government officials—elected and unelected alike—are allowed to operate beyond the reach of the Constitution, the courts and the citizenry, the threat to our freedoms remains undiminished. 
So the next time you find yourselves despondent over the 2016 presidential candidates, remember that it’s just a puppet show intended to distract you from the silent coup being carried out by America’s shadow government.",0
19819,Delta Air Lines Bans Disruptive Donald Trump Supporter for Life - The New York Times,"Delta Air Lines has banned a disruptive passenger who shouted   Trump and   Clinton remarks at fellow passengers on a flight from Atlanta to Allentown, Pa. last week, the airline’s chief executive said on Monday. The chief executive, Edward H. Bastian, said in a memo published on Delta’s website that other travelers on the flight Nov. 22 would receive refunds for their tickets. “This individual displayed behavior that was loud, rude and disrespectful to his fellow customers,” Mr. Bastian said in the statement. He added, “We must require civility on our planes and in our facilities. ” The decision by Delta came after the airline received criticism on social media for its initial response to the episode, which a passenger identified as Emma Baum videotaped and released online and to news organizations. Ms. Baum was quoted by The Morning Call on Nov. 26 as saying that she had first noticed the man, who was not identified, shouting   slogans in the terminal while waiting to board Flight 248. The man ended up sitting next to her, and she told him she had been out of the country and asked him about the election, she said. Ms. Baum told The Morning Call that as the man became animated, jumping out of his seat, she began recording him with her cellphone. In the video, the man is seen clapping his hands and shouting at other passengers. He says in part: “Donald Trump, baby! We got some Hillary bitches on here?” The man also yelled: “Donald Trump! It’s your president. Every goddamn one of you. If you don’t like it, too bad. ” A Daily Beast writer was also provided with a copy of the video. Ms. Baum said the man was briefly removed from the plane and then allowed back on the flight before it took off. She said she reported him to the authorities when the plane landed. After the video was posted online, Delta Air Lines issued a  statement on Nov. 26, apologizing to customers for the disruption and saying, “We have followed up with the teams involved and all agree that this customer should not have been allowed to continue on the flight. ” Mr. Bastian said in the statement on Monday: “After questioning the customer, our team members made the best decision they could given the information they had and allowed him to remain on the flight. ” He added, “If our colleagues had witnessed firsthand what was shown in the video, there is no question they would have removed him from the aircraft. He will never again be allowed on a Delta plane. ” The video was shared widely online, with many commentators noting that the man, who is white, was not ejected from the flight, but that passengers who are Muslim, Sikh,   and other races and ethnicities have been subjected to extra scrutiny or outright removal by various airlines while engaging in routine activities. It was not immediately clear what, if any measures, were taken at the airport in Allentown when the man disembarked. Assistant Chief Gail Struss of the Allentown Police Department said in an email on Monday: “It’s possible we were called, but no report was taken by us that I can find. We would have referred the caller to the airport police. ” Officers at the Police Department at the   Airport Authority were not dispatched to respond to any passenger disturbance on Nov. 22, a spokesman, Colin Riccobon, said in an email.",0
19821,Wall Street’s Calling The Sheep To The Slaughter……Again!,"Wall Street's Calling The Sheep To The Slaughter Again!   We return to the fiscal theme because one thing we are endeavoring to accomplish here at Contra Corner is to stay ahead of the shocks and surprises that neither Wall Street nor the mainstream media can seem to even remotely anticipate. In that regard, we believe that the shock of Donald Trump's election will soon be vastly exceeded by an even more shocking shutdown of Washington governance within days of the inauguration.  ",0
19822,Clinton Campaign Demands Intelligence on Possible Russian Efforts to Elect Trump - The New York Times,"■   Donald J. Trump is postponing until January his announcement about how he will handle his private business interests. ■ The Clinton campaign breaks its silence and demands declassification of the intelligence on Russian election meddling. ■ Mr. Trump takes to Twitter to deny Russian involvement in his victory. ■ Senator John McCain says there is no doubt about Russian hacking, which he called “warfare. ” ■ Carly Fiorina for director of national intelligence? She certainly took the  ’s line on China. For those waiting to see Mr. Trump hold a news conference to discuss the ethical concerns about conflicts with his business, you’ll have to wait a little longer. Transition officials said on Monday evening that they were postponing a news conference scheduled for Thursday at which Mr. Trump had said he would reveal his plans to avoid conflicts of interest with his sprawling real estate business. The   instead will make that announcement in January  —   likely before his inauguration and after an extended vacation at his    resort in Florida  —   officials said, confirming a report in Bloomberg News. Officials said the focus on building a cabinet had consumed more of Mr. Trump’s time than expected. And they said that it was taking time to address how to address the large, iconic real estate holdings that are part of the global Trump business. As the swirl of allegations around Russia’s efforts to elect Mr. Trump roils Washington, one voice has been absent: Hillary Clinton’s. John D. Podesta, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman, broke the silence on her behalf, demanding the declassification of all information about Russia’s meddling as well as an explanation from the Obama administration of what it knew and when it knew it. “We now know that the C. I. A. has determined Russia’s interference in our elections was for the purpose of electing Donald Trump,” Mr. Podesta wrote in a statement. “This should distress every American. Never before in the history of our republic have we seen such an effort to undermine the bedrock of our democracy. ” “This is not a partisan issue, and we are glad to see bipartisan support in the Congress for an investigation into Russia’s role,” he continued. “We believe that the administration owes it to the American people to explain what it knows regarding the extent and manner of Russia’s interference and this be done as soon as possible. To that end, we also support the request from members of the Senate Intelligence Committee to declassify information around Russia’s roles in the election and to make this data available to the public. ” Thrown on the defensive, Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said on Monday that the White House did not announce a major probe of Russia’s interference before the election partly because many voters would have seen such an announcement as political meddling. He said Russia did not hack the electoral process or the counting of votes. “But what is also clear is that the results of the hack and leak effort carried out on the orders of Russia were extensively discussed prior to the election,” Mr. Earnest said. With evidence mounting that Russian intelligence promoted his election, the   continued his denial, via Twitter. That second post is a head scratcher. The United States government  formally accused Russia of   trying to sow discord in the democratic process through its hacking in early October. It stopped short of saying the goal was to elect Mr. Trump. And forensic analysis does allow experts to trace the source of a hack. Oh, and fresh off his shot at Boeing over the cost of an Air Force One upgrade, Mr. Trump took a jab at another expensive military program, the   stealth fighter. On that one, he will have bipartisan support  —   just not in congressional districts where the fighter is built. Mr. McCain said on Monday that there was “no doubt about the hacking” by Russian intelligence services into Democratic campaign accounts, which he called “another form of warfare. ” Appearing on “CBS This Morning” with Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the next minority leader, Mr. McCain said the   investigation of Russian meddling in the election would include his committee as well as the Foreign Relations and Intelligence committees. He said a Senate investigation would be necessary despite President Obama having already ordered up an inquiry, as that one would not be completed before the end of the Obama administration. The implication was that the new Trump administration would not follow through. “We don’t want to point a finger, and I don’t want this to turn into the Benghazi investigation,” Mr. Schumer added, referring to the House investigation into the attacks on an American compound in Libya, which he said had been partisan. “This is serious stuff. ” One week before the Electoral College meets to ratify Mr. Trump’s election victory, 10 electors  —   including a Texas Republican who has turned on Mr. Trump, and Christine Pelosi, the daughter of Representative Nancy Pelosi  —   have demanded their own intelligence briefing on Russian efforts to elect Mr. Trump. Their request: Ms. Fiorina, the former   chief executive, emerged from a meeting with the   at Trump Tower on Monday to talk tough, not on Russia but on China, which she called “our most important adversary and a rising adversary. ” Ms. Fiorina was called in to discuss the job of director of national intelligence, a senior transition official said. And Ms. Fiorina, once a bitter foe of Mr. Trump’s, was effusive. “We talked about hacking, whether it’s Chinese hacking or purported Russian hacking,” she said. “We talked about the opportunity that the   has to literally reset things, to reset the trajectory of this economy, to reset the role of government, to reset America’s role in the world and how we’re perceived in the world. And I think it’s why he’s getting such fantastic people in his administration. ” Mr. Trump and Ms. Fiorina clashed bitterly when she ran against him for the Republican nomination. Mr. Trump denigrated her appearance last year in an interview with Rolling Stone, saying, “Look at that face!” Ms. Fiorina briefly agreed to be Senator Ted Cruz’s   running mate before he, too, was vanquished by the eventual nominee. All appears to be forgiven. “First I want to say, he has really cool stuff in his office,” she said. “All of these athletes have given him all this incredible memorabilia. I was particular taken by Shaq O’Neal’s shoe, which is huge. I guess it takes a champion to know a champion. ” Three days ago, an image calling for the extermination of Muslims was posted on former Representative Allen West’s Facebook page. The outrage prompted an aide to Mr. West, a former Army lieutenant colonel, to claim credit and take the image down. The outrage wasn’t too great to deny Mr. West another audience with the   on Monday at Trump Tower. Nor was it enough to prompt a question from the reporters in the Trump Tower lobby, though they did ask Mr. West about Russian efforts to elect Mr. Trump president. Reporters: Should there be a bipartisan investigation of Russia hacking? Mr. West: “I think there are more important things. We’re about to see a collapse in Syria, Iraq is falling apart. the Iran nuclear deal is horrific. China and Russia are expanding. I think that’s where we need to focus your intelligence efforts. ” The Trump transition team officially named Gary D. Cohn, the longtime president and chief operating officer of Goldman Sachs, to be the director of the White House National Economic Council. After a campaign full of attacks on Wall Street  —   and Goldman Sachs in particular  —   Mr. Trump will have Goldman’s No. 2 in the West Wing and a former Goldman partner, Steven Mnuchin, next door at Treasury, if he is confirmed. But the transition team tried to find something inspirational in the latest multimillionaire: That is one of the rare moments where Shaker Heights, an affluent suburb of Cleveland, is mined for inspirational struggle. Mr. Trump is looking at appointing a rising Republican star from South Dakota, Representative Kristi Noem, as his secretary of agriculture, a senior official working on the transition said Monday. The transition team is vetting Ms. Noem now, and she is scheduled to meet with Mr. Trump this week. Ms. Noem, 45, would be one of the younger members of Mr. Trump’s cabinet  —   a group that so far consists mostly of older men. She has been planning to leave Congress at the end of her next term in 2018 to run for governor of South Dakota. Another name floated for the agriculture job, Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, is being considered for a variety of jobs, including energy secretary. Because she is a Democrat  —   and would likely be replaced in the Senate by a Republican  —   the transition official said she could essentially have “whatever job she wants. ” Speaking of roles, the former Texas governor, Rick Perry, who wanted to eliminate the Department of Energy but could not remember its name on live television, has emerged as a leading candidate for energy secretary. Although Texas is rich in energy and Mr. Perry is big on extracting it, he cannot afford too many “oops moments” if he is named to that post. The Energy Department’s primary role is to design nuclear weapons and ensure the safety and reliability of the nation’s aging nuclear arsenal  —   through a constellation of scientific laboratories. The two men who served as President Obama’s energy secretaries were scientists, one with a Nobel Prize, the other from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Mr. Trump is also looking at two other possibilities for energy secretary. He likes Senators Joe Manchin III of West Virginia and Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota  —   both Democrats  —   for the job. Both are under tremendous pressure from fellow Democrats not to accept a cabinet job.",0
19823,"Enthralled by Sicily, Again - The New York Times","On the subject of travel, my father used to say: “You can’t go back. Avoid the places you loved when you were young, because they’ll have changed, and you’ll be disappointed. ” Occasionally my husband agrees, “That’s right, you can’t go back. ” But does that mean that the cities and countries where we were happiest and most enchanted must forever be crossed off the list of   destinations? Can’t some places remain unspoiled (or possibly even improve)? And, at the very least, isn’t it interesting to see how different a place looks to us at various points in our lives? This spring, I decided to find the answer to some of these questions by revisiting Sicily, one of my favorite places on earth. I’d first been there in 1992, with my mother, my husband and our two sons (then aged 10 and 14) and written  —   for this newspaper  —   about watching Mount Etna erupt. I’d returned for six weeks in early 2002 to write a brief book that was partly about how an immersion in Sicilian history, with its appalling violence and inspiriting record of recovery and resilience, had provided some comfort in the recent aftermath of Sept. 11. Now, almost a quarter century after my first visit, I was returning with my husband, Howie our younger son, Leon our    Jenny and our two granddaughters,    Emilia and    Malena. One advantage of returning to a region you know reasonably well  —   and, I suppose, of getting older  —   is that you lose the greedy compulsion to go everywhere and see everything. Were this a first visit, or were I alone with Howie, I couldn’t have resisted Palermo: the glorious mosaics in the cathedral of Monreale, the exuberant Baroque statuary of the Quattro Canti, the vibrant markets and delicious street food. But vivid memories of yanking my sons out of the way of speeding cars and rogue motorini convinced me that it might be more relaxing to begin our vacation in Cefalù, a seaside town about 40 minutes from Palermo, to which we flew from Rome. We rented a car at the airport (a more efficient process than in years before) and drove to Cefalù. The first sign of serious improvement was that the traffic seemed less maniacal than I remembered, making the trip more like an ordinary (that is, vaguely harrowing) autostrada drive, and less like a ferocious scramble for survival. We spent three nights in Cefalù, a beautiful town on the sea. Hugging a curve of the coastline, Cefalù has a picturesque, mazelike old city and a magnificent cathedral that you can see from far away. In the Duomo is a remarkably     mosaic of Christ Pantocrator in the central apse, just above the Madonna and surrounded by the Twelve Apostles. The village is like a much smaller, more intimate version of Monreale  —   without the crowds. During our last stay in Cefalù, Howie and I returned to the church every few hours to watch the changing light play on the mosaics, but we knew that these obsessive pilgrimages were unlikely to appeal to the girls, who much preferred playing on the beach and in the gentle waves. (One necessity of traveling with family, it became clear, was figuring out  —   in advance or on the spot  —   the many minor but essential compromises and adjustments that needed to be made.) I’d very much wanted to revisit the lovely inn and restaurant, Gangivecchio, in an ancient, aristocratic villa in the Madonie mountains above Cefalù, but I wasn’t sure how well the children would like the twisty   drive. Instead we took a much shorter (less than a  ) trip to the handsome town of Castelbuono, where we had an extraordinary lunch at Nangalarruni, a   restaurant that specializes in dishes prepared with local mushrooms. The menu includes a marvelous sort of gratin made with potatoes and mushrooms, a medallion of pork encrusted with honey, pistachios and almonds, and pastas with a variety of delectable mushroom sauces. Easily navigable and unpretentious, Castelbuono is also an art town, with   frescoes in the crypt of the church Matrice Vecchia in the castle is a chapel encrusted with the giddily    Baroque decorations of the sculptor Giacomo Serpotta. But by the time we finished lunch, late on a Palm Sunday afternoon, the town seemed to have slipped into a peaceful postprandial sleep, and (in lieu of seeing its art treasures) we settled for buying honey and olive oil in a shop selling produce from a nearby organic cooperative. If you like to cook, as we do, the great frustration of tourism is the inability to shop at local markets and make dinner. One thing that’s greatly changed travel over the last decade has been the advent of Airbnb and its online gallery of rentable apartments and houses. For us, the fantasy was irresistible: the smell of olive oil and garlic, the family gathered around platters of steaming pasta and seafood bought that very day. We could be like Italians! The reality was somewhat different. The amiable hosts who showed us to our rental cottage in Cefalù had forgotten to mention the high chance of burning out the clutch as we climbed the driveway, which rounded precipitous curves (without guardrails) along the edge of a cliff, nor did we know (from the online photos) that the only access to the bedrooms was via a   ladder, a problem for two little granddaughters, my       and, to be honest, for me. In Syracuse, where we went next, our elegant, spacious, comfortable apartment, also an Airbnb, had another sort of glitch: The electricity had been turned off in a country where, we well knew, it could be weeks for it to be turned back on. Perhaps my father should have said: You can’t go back and rent an apartment. Ultimately, these issues, which featured   moments evoking “National Lampoon’s Vacation” films, hardly mattered. Our little family fled both Airbnbs and checked into local hotels, the gracious and comfortable La Plumeria in Cefalù, and in Syracuse, after our genuinely kindly, regretful landlady refunded our money, (though our Cefalù “host” refused) the elegant Algilà. When the travelers who had come for Easter filled its rooms, we moved again to the   seafront Hotel des Étrangers. In Syracuse, we stayed on Ortigia, the lovely island across a small bridge from the mainland. Though there were far more restaurants and souvenir shops than I recalled from my previous visits, Ortigia’s architecture, the atmospheric cobbled streets, the dramatic waterfront and especially the Piazza del Duomo (particularly beautiful when illuminated at night) were no less thrilling than I remembered. Nor was it any less fascinating to observe the layers of history so visible everywhere throughout the city. On one side of the Duomo, you can see the columns that upheld the structure during its original iteration as a Greek temple consecrated as a Christian church in the seventh century, the Norman cathedral was rebuilt, in its current Baroque splendor, after the earthquake of 1693. Among Syracuse’s wonders is one of Caravaggio’s major  —   and most beautiful  —   paintings, “The Burial of St. Lucia,” which was done in 1608 when the artist briefly took refuge in Sicily, on the run from a murder charge in Rome. The painting, temporarily housed in the church Santa Lucia alla Badia, on one side of the Piazza Duomo, depicts the interment of the city’s patron saint, her delicate frame stretched out near the bottom of the canvas, surrounded by mourners and half blocked from our sight by the broad, powerful back of the gravedigger all this  —   the action of the painting, as it were  —   transpires in a narrow band, beneath a vast expanse of empty dark space that has been restored since I last saw it (then in Syracuse’s art museum) to reveal a brick niche, dimly visible in the sepulchral gloom. On the mainland, a short cab or bus ride (or longer walk) from Ortigia, is Syracuse’s archaeological zone, a sort of classical entertainment center featuring one of the largest and most impressive Greek theaters in existence, as well as an elliptical Roman arena that often served as the stage (and could be flooded) for simulated naval battles. In the same park are a series of caverns, or latomie. Now surrounded by a pleasant garden planted with lemon and orange trees and heavily populated by songbirds, are the caves that were used as prisons by the region’s despotical rulers. Perhaps the most   of these caves, the Ear of Dionysius, was (at least supposedly) given its name by Caravaggio, who observed the way in which the cave’s entrance resembles an enormous ear. Our granddaughters loved running in and out of these dark, slightly daunting natural wonders, and were suitably impressed by the unusual acoustics, where the slightest whisper can be heard throughout the cavern. Legend has it that this feature was used by the rulers to eavesdrop on the conversations of the unsuspecting prisoners, though it seems more probable that this natural amplification was ingeniously employed to increase the audibility of the plays performed in the Greek theater. As in much of Sicily, the food in Syracuse is  —   to put it simply  —   great. One of the best meals we had on our trip was at Burgio, a sort of upscale   grocery store and restaurant in one corner of Ortigia’s appealing market. Burgio focuses on local produce  —   cheeses, sausages and salamis. They serve sandwiches made to order, artisanal beers, local wines and elaborate platters on which are arranged small dishes of sliced meats, fish, cheese and marinated vegetables, each selection paired with perfectly complementary relishes. Eating at Burgio was our consolation for not being able to shop in, and cook from, the market, but it was by no means the only excellent restaurant in Ortigia. Walking around, checking out menus, it’s not hard to find someplace where the food is superb and not terribly expensive. We especially liked Sicilia in Tavola, which has a terrific selection of seafood dishes  —   and pasta Bolognese for the girls!  —   and where I had pasta with sea urchin, pasta ai ricci, a dish with which I am obsessed and order every chance I get. We also liked a place called DiVino Mare, which is near the market and serves grilled, wonderfully fresh fish at unusually reasonable prices. We spent much of our time (four days) in Syracuse just walking around and eating. I would have liked to spend more time traveling up and down the Ionian Sea coast, and to the inland mountain towns of Ragusa and Modica. I’d hoped to take the family to the fish market in Catania, where once, eating pasta with sea urchin in a little trattoria at the edge of the pescheria, I watched the restaurant and the market stalls empty as everyone gathered to marvel at a gargantuan tuna that one of the fishermen had brought in. I would have liked to have lunch at the coastal beauty spots Aci Trezza and Aci Castello, and to visit Noto, the wildly Baroque town where every cornice and window sill appears to vie for the greatest complexity of decoration, and where a balcony might be upheld by mermaids, griffins or galloping horses carved from stone. I would have liked to make a side trip to the Villa Romana del Casale, near Piazza Armerina, a restored Roman villa with famously spectacular mosaics depicting a chariot race, an epic hunting scene, a parade of women in what appear to be bikinis. But of the three generations traveling together, each one had their own reasons for wanting to relax, to take things slow and easy. Ultimately, some of the most pleasurable moments were the most unexpected, and the ones that most fully disproved my father’s warning against returning to the familiar. I had an experience of pure bliss, riding through the gently rolling, unusually green Sicilian countryside between Cefalù and Syracuse, looking at ruins of ancient farmhouses and flocks of grazing sheep, and hearing my granddaughters sing at the top of their lungs along with Adele’s “Hello. ” Perhaps my favorite moment of the entire trip occurred at Segesta, where there is an unfinished but nonetheless grand Doric temple and an amphitheater (dating from the third century B. C.) on a hill above the temple. The structures are themselves magnificent, but their beauty is greatly enhanced by the setting: a semideserted,     (about 40 minutes from Palermo) and wholly rural mountaintop from which you can see far across the bucolic countryside and, beyond it, the sea. Of Sicily’s three major Greek temples  —   at Agrigento, Selinunte and Segesta  —   Segesta was the one I wanted my family to see, the one I wanted to revisit myself. When we reached Segesta, after getting lost in search of a nearby lunch spot, it was midafternoon. The busloads of tourists and Italian schoolchildren had mostly departed. We took the shuttle bus up to the amphitheater, where a strong wind was blowing, and where  —   as their parents and grandparents sat on the stone benches encircling the theater and took in the view  —   the girls ran up and down the levels like graceful little mountain goats and treated the ancient theater as their personal terraced playground. From the shuttle bus, going back downhill, you suddenly see the temple, solitary and majestic, exerting a kind of presence you can feel even from afar. The bus driver stopped so his passengers could take a picture, and I had the sense that even he  —   navigating this road, day after day  —   had never reached the point of taking the temple’s beauty for granted, and was still awed by its magnificence. The hike from the parking area to the temple is slightly steep and long. Leon and Howie and the girls ran up ahead, while I walked more slowly to keep my    company. By the time we reached the temple, the girls had made it their own. Malena, who never walks when she can run, was scrambling over the rocks that surrounded the structure, inspecting every inch of the hilly area around the monumental columns. Emilia was having quite a different reaction. In the open space, with the temple behind her, she seemed to have become intoxicated by the gorgeousness of the place. With her arms outstretched she twirled and twirled around, the afternoon sunlight shining through her pale skirt and picking out the highlights in her long reddish brown hair. Graceful and free, powered by the sheer joy of being a child, by the happiness of finding herself in such an astonishing spot, she turned and turned and turned. Watching her, I thought: You can go back. This is better. Returning can be better than seeing a place for the first time. The temple at Segesta had never before seemed to me so striking, so timeless, so precious. I thought: This  —   right here, right now  —   is the most beautiful thing that I have ever seen. The budget airline, Meridiana, has direct flights from New York to Palermo, Sicily, but there are also flights from a number of European capitals to Palermo and Catania. We flew Alitalia from Rome to Palermo, and rented a car at the airport. La Plumeria Hotel, Corso Ruggero 185, Cefalù    . it double rooms from $182. Algilà Ortigia Charme Hotel, Via Vittorio Veneto 93, Syracuse    . it double rooms from $364. Hotel des Étrangers, Passeggio Adorno,   Syracuse    . com double rooms from $244. Nangalarruni, Via delle Confraternite, 5, Castelbuono    . it lunch for two with wine: $100. Fratelli Burgio, Piazza Cesare Battisti 4, Syracuse    . com lunch for two with wine: $80. Sicilia in Tavola, Via Cavour 28, Syracuse     siciliaintavola. eu dinner for two with wine: $90.",0
19824,Clinton to Trump on Twitter: ‘Delete Your Account’ - The New York Times,"Look, we don’t want to write about every presidential campaign tweet that teeters on the brink of the absurd like a   mirror revealing the political Frankentheater that the entire electorate has collaborated to create, whether actively or by submission. We’d never get anything else done. But O. K. fine, this one could use some explanation. Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, was responding to a tweet from Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee: Mrs. Clinton’s missive, most likely written and sent by her campaign staff, quickly became one of the most widely shared tweets of the 2016 campaign. It was precisely the kind of tweet that political junkies, and anyone else checking Twitter for a midday distraction, thirsts for in the middle of the afternoon when they’d prefer to think about something other than work. But it’s worth noting, to the unfamiliar, that “Delete your account” was not a sudden turn of phrase by a coldblooded social media manager, let alone the candidate herself. The   phrase has a long history as a dismissive rejoinder, especially on Twitter. It translates roughly as “Your tweet or opinion is so bad that you should be immediately disqualified from further participation on the platform. ” Mr. Trump then responded, and other political figures quickly jumped on board. Mrs. Clinton has not always been totally hip, jiggy and on fleek with the cool kids. She was widely panned for a tweet in August that struck some watchers as a tad too pandering. On Friday, a day after it was announced that Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, was endorsing Mrs. Clinton, Mr. Trump unleashed a typical tweet, mocking the senator’s heritage. But Ms. Warren, who has taken to matching the Republican taunt for taunt on social media, could not resist resurrecting Clinton’s tack. There. Now you understand politics again.",0
19825,"These Products Make Men Grow Breasts, Get Cancers Of The Prostate And Liver","posted by Eddie Owned by Unilever, the Axe brand includes a range of men’s grooming products with many of the ingredients never even tested for safety according to the C.I.R. – Cosmetic Ingredient Review. Endocrine Disrupting Chemicals. Axe products are loaded with endocrine disrupting chemicals. Endocrine disruptorsare exogenous, synthetic chemicals that have hormone-like effects on both humans and wild-life and interfere with the endocrine system by either mimicking or blocking our natural hormones and disrupting their respective body functions. Member scientists of the Endocrine Society issued a report in which they claim: “We present the evidence that endocrine disruptors have effects on male and female reproduction, breast development and cancer, prostrate cancer, neuroendocrinology, thyroid, metabolism and obesity, and cardiovascular endocrinology.” New studies are also revealing that these harmful chemicals may be causing physical feminization in males. A study published by the International Journal of Andrology found that feminization of boys can now be seen through their play habits. Medical experts are now wondering whether exposure to years of these toxic chemicals is part of the reason so many older men are low on testosterone and experiencing erectile dysfunction. So they take a little blue pill and get exposed to even more chemicals and the cycle continues. Aluminum Zirconium Tetrachlorohydrex Gly Aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly is the active ingredient in Axe deodorant products. One or more animal studies show kidney or renal system effects at very low doses, mammalian cells show positive mutation results, animal studies show reproductive effects at moderate doses. Aluminum was first recognized as a human neurotoxin in 1886, before being used as an antiperspirant. A neurotoxin is a substance that causes damage to nerves or nerve tissue. Cocamidopropyl Betaine Cocamidopropyl betaine is a very toxic ingredient which has been linked to cancer in animal tests. The biggest danger of using a product with cocamidopropyl betaine is its potential contamination with nitrosamines . Nitrosamines are created when nitrosating agents are combined with amines. Nitrosamines have been identified as one of the most potent classes of carcinogens, having caused cancer in more than 40 different animal species as well as in humans. PPG-14 Butyl Ether PPG stands for popypropylene glycol, which is made from a completely artificial petroleum product, methyl oxirane. Another name for that is propylene oxide (which is a probable human carcinogen). Propylene oxide is also an irritant and highly flammable. Butyl ethers are in the paraben family, and they are toluene derivatives (toxic petrochemical compounds). Toluene has proven to have a harmful affect on the reproductive system while parabens have been linked to cancer. PEG-8 Distearate According to a report in the International Journal of Toxicology by the Cosmetic Ingredient Review (CIR) committee, impurities found in various PEG compounds include ethylene oxide; 1,4-dioxane; polycyclic aromatic compounds; and heavy metals such as lead, iron, cobalt, nickel, cadmium, and arsenic. Many of these impurities are linked to cancer. A 1988 Swedish study by Thompson looked at both BHT and BHA. They found that both were toxic and tumour promoting. Both antioxidants were observed to be cytotoxic in a concentration-dependent manner at concentrations ranging from 100 to 750 microM. At equimolar concentrations BHT was more cytotoxic than BHA. source:",0
19826,Sarah Netanyahu Tells Melania Trump of Common Bond: ‘Media Hate Us but the People Love Us’,"The Times of Israel reports: After their husbands praised the “unbreakable bond” between Israel and the US at the welcome ceremony for US President Donald Trump, Sara Netanyahu, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s wife, told US First Lady Melania Trump that the two couples had more in common than pure geopolitical interests. [Chatting candidly on the tarmac at Ben Gurion Airport on Monday, Sara Netanyahu said that, like the Trumps, Israel’s “first couple” had been treated unfairly by the media but were loved by the people. “You know in Israel all the people like us. The media hate us but the people love us,” Netanyahu told the first lady in a recording that picked up their private conversation. “Like you. ”  “We have a lot in common,” Trump replied. Netanyahu, with a broad smile on her face, promised to continue the discussion “over dinner. ” Read more here.",0
19827,“Las presiones de EE UU y la OTAN han influido en España” | Noticias de Rusia | RBTH,"españa , almirante kuznetsov , ceuta , portaaviones Imagen del portaaviones Almirante Kuznetsov. Fuente:Reuters 
La ruta y la misión del portaaviones Almirante Kuznetsov, según el secretario de prensa del presidente de la Federación de Rusia, Dmitri Peskov, se encuentran en un sobre cerrado en el que se lee “Completamente secreto”. 
Sin embargo, según informaba anteriormente el Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores español, se preveía que el portaaviones llegara al puerto de Ceuta el 28 de octubre . En Madrid señalan que el permiso correspondiente se expidió el pasado mes de septiembre. 
No obstante, en cuanto la noticia sobre la inminente llegada de los buques a Ceuta llegó a la prensa, España comenzó a recibir críticas de sus aliados en la OTAN. 
El secretario general de la Alianza, Jens Stoltenberg, señaló que en otras condiciones no tendría nada que objetar al abastecimiento de los buques rusos, pero que en la actualidad está extremadamente preocupado porque estos “puedan utilizarse para atacar Alepo”. 
Otros políticos de Gran Bretaña y EE UU hicieron declaraciones similares. 
En España las críticas más duras que ha recibido el gobierno provienen de Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya. Su servicio de prensa ha confirmado a Kommersant que los miembros del Congreso de los Diputados de este partido han exigido al ministro de Asuntos Exteriores en funciones, José Manuel García-Margallo y al ministro de Defensa en funciones, Pedro Morenés, que expliquen por qué razón unos barcos rusos que participan en la operación siria hacen escala en Ceuta. 9 cosas que no sabías sobre el portaaviones “Almirante Kuznetsov” 
Las autoridades portuarias de las ciudad han expresado su descontento por lo sucedido. Desde el año 2011 por este puerto han pasado, según el El País , más de 60 buques rusos. 
“Los criterios para permitir la escala en Ceuta son la seguridad del medio ambiente, de la ciudad y de su población”, cita el periódico The Spain Report a fuentes en la administración del puerto. Sin embargo, debido al aluvión de críticas recibidas, el Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores de España anunció ayer que “iba a celebrar una consulta para estudiar la decisión”. 
Hacia el mediodía de ayer la embajada de Rusia en Madrid comunicó a Exteriores que retiraba la petición de permisos de escala para la escala de los buques y, por lo tanto, quedan canceladas. “Confirmamos que nuestros barcos no entrarán en el puerto de Ceuta porque se ha modificado su ruta”, declaraban desde la embajada. La reacción de Moscú 
Vasili Nioradze, secretario de prensa de la embajada, instaba a no dramatizar la situación en declaraciones a Kommersant. 
“La negociación sobre este tipo de escalas en los puertos es un procedimiento rutinario –señalaba este-. Nosotros enviamos la solicitud de forma anticipada y para tomar una decisión al respecto se tiene en cuenta el derecho internacional y los requisitos del país. En esta ocasión se ha decidido una cosa, y en otros casos la respuesta será distinta”. 
Ígor Konashenkov, representante oficial del Ministerio de Defensa explica que el departamento ruso contemplaba la posibilidad “de la escala acordada con el gobierno español de algunos buques o embarcaciones de apoyo de la flotilla rusa”. 
Sin embargo, según el representante del Ministerio de Defensa ruso, no se envió ninguna solicitud oficial. 
Además, comenta: “Los representantes del gobierno español han declarado que debido a la presión de Estados Unidos y de la OTAN el paso de buques rusos por el puerto de Ceuta no es oportuno”. Las autoridades de España no han hecho ninguna declaración similar en público. Madrid ha perdido dinero 
El director del Centro de Análisis de Estrategias y Tecnología, Ruslán Pújov, no ve ninguna tragedia en el cambio de ruta del Almirante Kuznetsov. 
“Nuestros buques pueden repostar sin problemas en Argelia o en Malta. Apuesto por Argelia, ya que Malta es miembro de la UE y se enfrentará a los mismos problemas que España”, informa el experto a Kommersant . 
Según Pújov, la llegada del grupo del Almirante Kuznetsov a Siria apenas cambiará la correlación de fuerzas en la región, aunque sí permitirá a Rusia elevar su prestigio internacional. 
“Los franceses tienen un portaaviones en la región porque no tienen base, pero nosotros sí que tenemos–declara el experto-. La misión del Kuznetsov es más bien una operación de entrenamiento. Los pilotos de los aviones navales necesitan entrenar y Siria les ofrece la posibilidad de hacerlo en condiciones de combate reales”. 
El experto del mismo centro Andréi Frolov añade que la expedición del Almirante Kuznetsov también tiene un “componente publicitario”: La India está pensando en comprar cazas navales MiG-29K/KUB para sus futuros portaaviones, y la demostración de sus características en Siria podría ayudarle a decidirse”. Lea más ",0
19828,The Corbett Report: Accept no substitutes!,"10/27/2016 at 10:24 pm 
Noticed you were inactive and glad you’ve recovered from your illnesses. All the best to you and you family- On the fake Corbett websites, Can you blame them? We all want to be you James! At least, we all strive to be the great researcher you’re teaching us to be! Keep up the great work.",0
19829,Saudi Arabia to behead disabled man who peacefully protested,"Posted on November 4, 2016 by Eric Zuesse. By Paul Antonopoulos, originally published at almasdarnews.com , on 5 November 2016 
23 year old Munir al-Adam has been sentenced to death for alleged “attacks on police” during protests in the predominately Shi’ite Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia in late 2011. 
Al-Adam is partly blind and was already partially deaf at the time when the Saudi forces arrested him, however, he is now fully deaf in one ear because of police brutality while in custody. 
Al-Adam’s family say his confession to any crime was extracted under torture. 
“Munir Adam’s appalling case illustrates how the Saudi authorities are all too happy to subject the most vulnerable people to the swordsman’s blade – including juveniles and people with disabilities,” said Reprieve’s Death Penalty Team Director Maya Foa. 
“Like so many others, Munir was arrested for allegedly attending protests, and tortured into a ‘confession’ – he was beaten so badly that he lost his hearing. It’s a scandal that Munir now faces beheading on the basis of a bogus statement that he has since recanted,” she added. 
Saudi Arabia has recently been re-elected to the United Nations Human Rights Council.",0
19831,Chelsea Manning Describes Bleak Life in a Men’s Prison - The New York Times,"Most mornings at 4:30, half an hour before the “first call” awakens inmates at the Fort Leavenworth military prison in Kansas, an alarm rings within an    cell. Inmate 89289, slightly built with short hair, rises to apply makeup and don female undergarments and a brown uniform before the   men in the adjacent cells stir. That is the routine for Chelsea Manning, America’s most famous convicted leaker and the prison’s most unusual inmate. She is serving the longest sentence ever imposed for disclosing government secrets  —   35 years  —   and her status as a celebrity of sorts and an incarcerated transgender woman presents continuing difficulties for the military. During the day, Ms. Manning, who was an Army intelligence analyst known as Bradley Manning when she disclosed archives of secret military and diplomatic files to WikiLeaks in 2010, builds picture frames and furniture in the prison wood shop. In the evenings, before the 10:05 p. m. lockdown, she reads through streams of letters, including from antisecrecy enthusiasts who view her as a  . “I am always busy. I have a backlog of things to do: legal, administrative, press inquiries, and writing  —   lots of writing,” Ms. Manning wrote in response to questions submitted by The Times because the Army does not permit her to speak directly to journalists. “Being me is a   job. ” But Ms. Manning, who is struggling to transition to life as a woman while enduring a bleak existence at a male military prison, has asked President Obama to commute the remainder of her sentence before he leaves office next week. She poses particular challenges as a prisoner, with a volunteer support network that helps bring global attention to her treatment, fragile mental state  —   she twice tried to commit suicide in 2016  —   and need for treatment that the military has no experience providing. Her request comes as the world is again focused on WikiLeaks and its founder, Julian Assange, whom her leaks made famous. The organization last year published Clinton campaign emails, obtained in a hacking, as part of what American intelligence officials claim was a covert Russian operation aimed at tilting the election to   Donald J. Trump. (Ms. Manning declined to discuss WikiLeaks, saying only that her decision to send documents to it “was neither an endorsement nor an affiliation. ”) It also comes at a time of flux in the military’s policies on gender identity. Last June, the Obama administration rescinded a ban on transgender people serving in the military and began overhauling its practices, which eventually would include providing gender reassignment surgery. But Mr. Trump has derided the lifting of the ban as “politically correct,” raising the possibility that his administration may roll back the changes. The White House declined to comment on Ms. Manning’s commutation request. The Army declined to comment about her situation at Fort Leavenworth, citing privacy laws. A military prosecutor had called Ms. Manning a “traitor” at her 2013   and officials have said the disclosures disrupted government operations and put people at risk, although prosecutors did not claim anyone was killed because of them. In a statement accompanying her petition asking Mr. Obama to reduce her sentence to the nearly seven years she already has served, Ms. Manning, now 29, said she never intended to hurt anyone and pleaded for a chance to start her life over. “I need help,” she wrote. “I am living through a cycle of anxiety, anger, hopelessness, loss, and depression. I cannot focus. I cannot sleep. I attempted to take my own life. ” On Aug. 22, 2013, the day after her sentencing for sending documents to WikiLeaks, Ms. Manning’s lawyer read a statement on the “Today” show announcing that she was female, wanted to be called “Chelsea” rather than “Bradley” and would seek   hormone therapy. To observers of her   this was no surprise. Her motivation for leaking hundreds of thousands of files she had copied from a classified computer network while serving in Iraq, as she wrote at the time, was hope that they would spark “worldwide discussion, debates, and reforms. ” But at her trial, she apologized and noted that she was “dealing with a lot of issues” when she had made that decision. Testimony showed that she had been in a mental and emotional crisis as she came to grips, in the stress of a war zone, with the fact that she was not merely gay, as she had believed while growing up in Oklahoma, but had gender dysphoria  —   a disconnect between one’s gender identity and sex assigned at birth. In the months before her leaks and May 2010 arrest, she had been behaving erratically and emailed a picture of herself wearing a woman’s wig to her supervisor. The military sent Ms. Manning to serve out her sentence as a   inmate at the Fort Leavenworth Disciplinary Barracks, its main prison for male inmates. Court documents show that Ms. Manning has had counseling sessions with a prison psychologist, Dr. Ellen Galloway, at least once a week, and military authorities have over time allowed her access to some treatments doctors prescribed for her gender dysphoria, in part because of pressure from a lawsuit filed by Chase Strangio, a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union, in September 2014. She can now wear female prison undergarments, including a sports bra, and “subdued cosmetics. ” In early 2015, she was permitted to get speech therapy to feminize the tone and pitch of her voice and began   hormone therapy prescribed, Mr. Strangio said, by an endocrinologist brought in from the military’s Walter Reed hospital. Since then, Ms. Manning wrote, she has developed breasts and curvier hips. “There have been significant changes since I’ve been taking the hormones, and I am happy with them,” she said. But, citing security risks, the military rejected the recommendation of an outside psychologist who said she should be permitted to further feminize her appearance by growing her hair longer than male military standards. Mr. Strangio is helping her challenge that restriction. “Plaintiff feels like a freak and a weirdo  —   not because having short hair makes a person less of a woman  —   but because for her, it undermines specifically recommended treatment and sends the message to everyone that she is not a ‘real’ woman,” he wrote in a court filing. “She is getting hormones, but it sounds like the inability to socially transition, or to have surgery, could be contributing to suicidality  —   especially when she is looking at decades in prison and thus a certain hopelessness about whether that might ever be available for her,” said Dan Karasic, a University of California, San Francisco psychiatrist and the chairman of the American Psychiatric Association’s work group on gender dysphoria he cautioned that he had not examined her. The military turned down a request by The New York Times to visit the facility. But an Army spokesman, Wayne Hall, provided written answers from the Army Corrections Command to questions posed by The Times, from which a sketch of her environment emerged. Ms. Manning’s cell, like others at Fort Leavenworth, contains a bed, toilet, sink, locker, storage bin, chair and desk, according to the Army. She showers in a nearby communal bathroom with individual stalls. She has no access to the internet, but says she receives “at least a couple hundred pieces of mail every week. ” The Army does not permit her to see people who did not know her before her incarceration, so she is not allowed to meet with a handful of volunteers who have formed an informal network of supporters, but she calls one of them daily. A volunteer who relayed questions from The Times to her asked not to be named, citing security concerns. Ms. Manning said she recently finished reading “Superintelligence: Paths, Dangers, Strategies,” a book about artificial intelligence by the Swedish philosopher Nick Bostrom, and “1Q84,” a dystopian novel by Haruki Murakami. She is interested in efforts to develop stronger encryption and has been “going through” the “Princeton Companion to Mathematics. ” She also said she reads women’s athletic, fashion and lifestyle magazines like Shape, Vogue, Vanity Fair and Cosmopolitan. Her cell door has a window looking onto a central “day room” with tables, chairs, pay phones and televisions. For a time, Ms. Manning played Dungeons  Dragons with a few fellow inmates, but she said she had had no time in recent months. She eats meals with other inmates in a dining facility and works on a team at the wood shop. The roughly 424 inmates held at Fort Leavenworth with Ms. Manning include men accused of routine crimes as well as some who drew public attention, including Nidal Hasan, convicted in a 2009 mass shooting at Fort Hood and held on the prison’s death row wing, and Robert Bales, who murdered 16 Afghans in Kandahar and was sentenced to life without parole in August 2013. Ms. Manning declined to say much about the guards or fellow inmates, other than to say that they have never bullied or attacked her. “It’s best to keep to yourself and try not to get involved in any drama,” she wrote. “It’s a little harder for me to keep to myself, since the staff is constantly watching me and those that interact with me. But I’m used to it by now. I don’t feel threatened by the other prisoners. I have friends. ” Her special status at Fort Leavenworth is evident. Nancy Hollander, one of the lawyers working on the appeal of her conviction and sentence, said the Army built a special secure information facility in a windowless basement room so she could meet with them and discuss   documents she leaked. While Ms. Manning said she could not say on her monitored phone calls “anything critical of the prison or the current administration or I can get charged for violation of a lawful general order,” her supporters pay close attention to her treatment. Scrutiny of the military’s struggles to deal with Ms. Manning go back to her confinement at the Quantico, Va. brig after her arrest, when she was held for months in isolation, shackled during exercise and sometimes stripped of clothing and glasses to prevent her from harming herself  —   even after a prison psychologist said such steps were unnecessary. A military judge ruled that the treatment had been illegal. At Leavenworth, after a minor disagreement with a guard in 2015, officials punished her, among other things, for “medical misuse” because they found a tube of toothpaste in her cell that was past its expiration date. Her supporters publicized the incident. In September, her supporters issued a news release saying she was on a hunger strike because of an “overzealous administrative scrutiny” and lack of progress in getting more treatment. She resumed eating after five days. Mr. Strangio said an official told her she would be eligible for the same medical treatment as   transgender soldiers, suggesting she would eventually be permitted to proceed with surgery. But months have passed, and Ms. Manning wrote that she has not seen a surgeon. Later in September, a prison board disciplined Ms. Manning for the disruption a July suicide attempt had caused. The punishment: solitary confinement. While in isolation in October, she tried again to kill herself  —   by choking herself on a piece of clothing, according to a support network member  —   before guards intervened. About a week further into that stint in solitary, she experienced a bizarre episode in which four people impersonating guards simulated breaking into the prison one night and pretended to kill her regular guards, filling her with fear, according to an account she filed with the army inspector general. A military official denied her account. Dr. Stuart Grassian, a specialist in the psychological effects of solitary confinement, said her description is consistent with hallucinations often experienced by unstable people placed in isolation. Now, with 28 years of her sentence to go and uncertainty over whether the Trump administration will deny her   surgery, Ms. Manning is hoping Mr. Obama will take mercy on her and free her from military prison, which goes by the acronym U. S. D. B. “I am not asking for a pardon of my conviction. I understand that the various collateral consequences of the   conviction will stay on my record forever,” she wrote in her commutation application. “I am merely asking for a first chance to live my life outside the U. S. D. B. as the person I was born to be. ”",0
19832,Año 1851: Los Países Enanos piden que se les llame Países Bajos,"© El Mundo Today Más historias Año 2014: Stephen Hawking queda penúltimo en el Gran Premio de Monza, sólo por delante de Fernando Alonso EFEMÉRIDES DE LA SEMANA Este sitio web utiliza cookies para analizar cómo es utilizado el sitio. Las cookies no te pueden identificar. Si continuas navegando supone la aceptación de la Política de Cookies. Estoy de acuerdo. Más info.",0
19833,"Donald Trump, Chicago Police: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. We’ll be off on Monday for Martin Luther King Jr. Day. See you Tuesday. 1. The House joined the Senate in laying the groundwork for speedy action to repeal the Affordable Care Act.   Donald J. Trump again attacked Hillary Clinton over her emails on Twitter. We took a look at the first cabinets of the past few presidents, and determined that Mr. Trump’s will be the least diverse since that of President Ronald Reagan. _____ 2. A Justice Department report found the Chicago police systematically violated the civil rights of residents, particularly   and Latinos, by using excessive force. The report came in the wake of the city’s highest murder rate in 20 years in 2016. In an effort to fix the problems, federal and city officials reached a preliminary agreement on changes to police practices. _____ 3. Takata pleaded guilty to charges stemming from its handling of defective airbags, and will pay $1 billion in penalties. Three of its executives face criminal charges. The airbags can rupture violently when they deploy. They have been linked to at least 11 deaths, which prompted the largest automotive recall in American history. _____ 4. Chelsea Manning is asking Mr. Obama to commute her sentence before he leaves office next week. Ms. Manning, who was an Army intelligence analyst known as Bradley Manning when she disclosed archives of secret military and diplomatic files to WikiLeaks in 2010, is serving a   sentence. She is struggling to transition to life as a woman in a male prison, and attempted suicide twice last year. _____ 5. China has banned child abuse at its infamous digital detox boot camps. There are just a few of the camps, but they’re known for harsh treatment, including beatings and electroshock therapy to get children offline. The law also sets a daily limit on how long minors can play online games at home or in internet cafes. _____ 6. Thousands of members of the New York Police Department attended the funeral of Officer Steven McDonald, who was paralyzed in a 1986 shooting but became a symbol of forgiveness and hope. Officer McDonald had less than two years on the job when he was shot by a    in Central Park. He publicly forgave his attacker and eventually traveled the globe, speaking of his Roman Catholic faith and the importance of compassion. He died on Tuesday at 59, several days after a heart attack. _____ 7. The U. S. Mint will release a commemorative gold coin featuring Lady Liberty as a black woman. It’s the first time that she’s been depicted as anything other than white on the nation’s currency. The coin will have a $100 face value and goes on sale April 6 to commemorate the 225th anniversary of the mint’s coin production. _____ 8. What’s the right time to put your home on the market? Whenever you want. A real estate article of faith once had it that   to   the start of the   spring season, was the best time to list a property. But now that everyone looks at listings online, realtors say the rules about timing have gone out the window. _____ 9. If one of your vacation goals is inspiring envy in others, you may want to bookmark these tips on how to take great travel photos. Make a list of key shots, shoot at sunrise and sunset and experiment with angles. And after all that planning, don’t forget to be spontaneous. _____ 10. Finally, we bring you the back story of the iconic image of Marilyn Monroe’s white dress fluttering up as she stands over a subway grate in “The Seven Year Itch. ” What made it into the movie was actually a reshoot of a discarded and more risqué scene filmed on the Upper East Side in the summer of 1954. The discarded version happened to also be captured on   film by an amateur filmmaker who lived nearby. Jules Schulback often talked about the footage, but no one saw it for 50 years, until he was 92 and his granddaughter found it. Have a great weekend. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
19834,2016 Projections to 270 Electoral Votes,"Projections for the next President of the United States have begun to roll in from many states. Multiple key states are currently too close to call, including Florida, North Carolina, Virginia, Ohio, and Georgia. Donald Trump is leading the popular vote across the nation.
As of 8:50 p.m. ET, Trump has a projected 66 electoral votes. It is predicted that he will win Indiana, Kentucky, Arkansas, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and Alabama.
Hillary Clinton is the projected winner of Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Vermont, Rhode Island, Delaware, Illinois, and D.C. This would garner her 68 electoral votes.
It has been reported that Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Maine, New Hampshire, Michigan, and Missouri have been added to the list of states that are too close to call. However, Trump is leading in North Carolina and Clinton is ahead in Virginia.
Guardian Liberty Voice will follow the election until the United States has a president-elect.
Written by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
MSNBC: Live
POLITICO: 2016 Presidential Election Results
Image Courtesy of H2Woah!’s      Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton , projections",0
19835,"Not Just Bees, Trees Are Dying Off at an Alarming Rate With Little Public Attention","Waking Times 
In the background of modern life, as people go on debating politics and working for a living, something dreadful is happening to the eco-systems which support us. Major disasters like the ongoing radioactive leak at Fukushima , the apocalyptic fires burning throughout Indonesia , even bee colony collapse disorder , seem to fall out of view in day-to-day life, as we seem to have lost our power and will to directly participate in the stewardship of planet earth. 
A new crisis is now happening all around us affecting trees. It appears that millions, hundreds of millions even, of trees are dying in North America and around the world from a basket of reasons, promising to completely and permanently alter the landscape and environment around us. 
Tree are among the most abundant and the most critical organisms on planet earth, and only recently have we been able to assess just how many trees inhabit planet earth. A study published in 2015 gave us this picture: 
“A new study published in Nature estimates the planet has 3.04 trillion trees. The research says 15.3 billion trees are chopped down every year. It also estimates that 46% of the world’s trees have been cleared over the past 12,000 years.” [ Source ] 
Now in 2016, alarm bells are ringing and in California alone, the problem has become incredibly severe: 
“The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced today that the U.S. Forest Service has identified an additional 36 million dead trees across California since its last aerial survey in May 2016. This brings the total number of dead trees since 2010 to over 102 million on 7.7 million acres of California’s drought stricken forests. In 2016 alone, 62 million trees have died, representing more than a 100 percent increase in dead trees across the state from 2015. Millions of additional trees are weakened and expected to die in the coming months and years.” [ Source ] 
A New York Times feature on trees in California warns us that many of the state’s trees were already dead before forest fires moved in, thereby making the fire situation worse. Beyond California 
Many of the tree deaths in Northern California have been linked to Sudden Oak Death in addition to an ongoing drought, but, the tragic die-off of trees is far from limited to California. In 2010, Hawaii’s well ohi’a trees began to die on the Big Island due to a disease now referred to as ohi’a disease, and scientists still don’t understand its origins or how to treat it. These are just a few examples of many in a wave of issues killing trees in many parts of America and around the world. 
‘The plight of the ohi’a is not unique – it’s part of a quiet crisis playing out in forests across America. Drought, disease, insects and wildfire are chewing up tens of millions of trees at an incredible pace, much of it driven by climate change.” [ Source ] 
Entire mountainsides are dying off in short order, leaving a bleak future for wildlife and residents. Some speculate that the widespread loss of trees due to such a wide conflagration of issues is a sign that trees, the most rugged of all plants, are in general weakened from an environment under complex attack by pollution and even climate engineering projects. 
“In California and in other parts of the world, many are making the connection between climate engineering these tree die-offs. Also known as geoengineering , this is the modification of the earth’s atmosphere with the supplementation of compounds and chemicals, ostensibly as a means of favorably influencing the climate.” [ Source ] 
Could be, although there is nothing like a consensus on the issue of why trees are in such a weakened state that so many are succumbing to so many issues. Thousands of trees killed by mountain pine beetles in western Rocky Mountain national park. 
A Planet Out of Balance “Natural ecosystems have been altered in various ways by nitrogen, sulfur, and mercury deposited in rain, snow, or as gases and particles in the atmosphere. Through decades of scientific research, scientists have documented how local, regional, and global sources of air pollution can produce profound changes in ecosystems. These changes include acidification of soils and surface waters, harmful algal blooms and low oxygen conditions in estuaries, reduced diversity of native plants, high levels of mercury in fish and other wildlife, and decreased tolerance to other stresses, such as pests, disease, and climate change.” – Issues in Ecology , Fall 2011 Edition –“Setting Limits – Using Air Pollution Thresholds to Protect and Restore U.S. Ecosystems” The web of life cannot be damaged in one area without the effects being felt elsewhere. Just as bees and other insects are dying off en masse by a number of causes, some known and unknown, trees are also harbingers of the health of our planet. With such little attention given to the state of this earth and so much attention given to the human and political dramas that occupy our attention 24/7, will the human race wake up and react in time to avert a major planetary crisis? What are your thoughts on this important and pressing issue? Please leave your comments below, and share this article far and wide. Read more articles by Alex Pietrowski . About the Author 
Alex Pietrowski is an artist and writer concerned with preserving good health and the basic freedom to enjoy a healthy lifestyle. He is a staff writer for WakingTimes.com and Offgrid Outpost , a provider of storable food and emergency kits . Alex is an avid student of Yoga and life. 
This article ( Not Just Bees, Trees Are Dying Off at an Alarming Rate With Little Public Attention ) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Alex Pietrowski and WakingTimes.com . It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution, author bio, and this copyright statement. 
~~ Help Waking Times to raise the vibration by sharing this article with friends and family…",0
19836,Vanity Fair: National Politics Are all About Donald Trump’s Wall - Breitbart,"The fate of Donald Trump’s presidency depends on whether Sen. Chuck Schumer can block construction of the border wall, says Vanity Fair. [The magazine’s writer, T. A. Frank, is a liberal with some understanding of the Trump coalition and he argues that the Democrats hope to break Trump’s presidency by blocking funds for the wall:  Thwart Trump and he looks weak. You force him to break his signature promise. His agenda stalls. The Hispanic vote moves even more solidly to the left. The Democratic base gets energized, and Trump’s base gets demoralized and stays home in the next couple of elections. It’s  . That’s why Chuck Schumer has spoken of “shutting down the government” if Trump tries to get the wall going   …     People are now suggesting Trump has given up on the wall in all but rhetoric. And this would be momentous. If Trump’s wall is dead, then Trump’s presidency is dead, But Trump is still trying to get funds for the wall, in the face of uniform and public Democratic opposition plus widespread   opposition from GOP leaders. In a Friday, April 28 speech to the National Rifle Association, for example, he declared that: “We’ll build a wall. Don’t even think about [not getting a wall]. Don’t even think about it. Don’t even think about it. That’s an easy one. ” Amid unified Democratic opposition, Trump only has two choices, argues Vanity Fair: Trump’s options are limited. He could in theory play —  or have played —  a ruthless game to get his way, since Trump has the power to revoke the “deferred action for childhood arrivals” or DACA order that Barack Obama signed in order to shield those who have arrived here illegally as children. An icier type wouldn’t have hesitated to hold the fate of these people hostage for wall funding, employing rhetoric about the importance of tying today’s forgiveness to tomorrow’s prevention, and so on. But Trump shows few signs of being that callous, and he has conveyed only reassurances to the Dreamers. So threats of this sort will not be his approach. The second option would be to try to sell the wall —  and do a better job of it than he did with Ryancare   …     Trump could try to sell people on a vision of America with tighter labor markets [that push up higher wages] more equitable distribution of wealth, and less [civic] balkanization   …     He could pair this with a pitch for the wall, arguing that walls are peaceful and usually effective, and they reduce the need for more intrusive forms of enforcement such as workplace raids and deportation. But Trump has only figured out how to use the wall to sell himself. He never figured out how to use himself to sell the wall. Democrats oppose the wall, in large part, because it is an effective barrier that future politicians can’t remove, and is also a concrete symbol of Americans’ determination to block the flow of cheap labor,   customers, renters and future voters from Mexico to   cities along the coasts. But Trump also faces a huge problem in getting top GOP leaders to fund his plans for a wall, because the wall would shrink the flow of illegal immigrants sought by many business groups in Texas, Georgia and other red states. Throughout April, that   GOP opposition meant that GOP leaders failed to push Democrats to approve Trump’s request to build an additional 48 miles of border barrier in 2017. The requested $1 billion was blocked by Democrats, although congressional leaders say Trump will get the extra funds for other homeland security tasks in the 2017 supplemental budget, now slated for approval in early May. The   GOP opposition is cloaking itself as a supporter of alternatives to Trump’s permanent    barrier, such as an invisible fence of expensive sensors and border patrol agents which later can be switched off as soon as Trump leaves the White House. A wall “really means ‘security’   …     It could be open surveillance to prevent people from crossing,” Florida GOP Rep. Dennis Ross told Bloomberg in December. “It does not mean an actual wall. ” “I’ve always thought the wall was a metaphor for securing the border,” not an actual wall, claimed Wisconsin GOP Sen. Ron Johnson during an April CNN interview. “There will never be a   wall built, period,” claimed South Carolina GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham, a   Republican. “I think it’s become symbolic of better border security. It’s a code word for better border security. If you make it about actually building a   wall, that’s a bridge too far. ” “I think a wall is anything that will stop people from coming into the country illegally,” claimed Pennsylvania GOP Rep. Lou Barletta. “It could be a variety of what can be used to be successful. ” House Speaker Paul Ryan is also downplaying the wall part of the wall. “Conditions on the ground determine what you need in a particular area,” he told CBS’s “60 Minutes. ” Immigration reformers are pushing Trump to fight for wall funding in the 2018 budget, due in October. “Construction of a border wall was one of the president’s signature promises during his campaign,” said a statement from the Federation for American Immigration Reform. As he has made clear, an effective border security plan would include a wall in areas of the border where it is a viable and effective deterrent and that other sections of the border would be enhanced by technology and additional manpower. We expect that the president will deliver on these commitments. Unfortunately, past versions of a ‘comprehensive border security plan’ have been ineffective because they did not require the laying of a single brick of border wall. Such a cosmetic approach was a precursor to amnesty and both have been consistently rejected by the American people. We look forward to seeing details of the president’s plan that will actually get the job done of securing our southern border. ” However, border security is only one component of a needed overhaul of immigration. Much more is expected by the American people and the White House must demand Congress pass meaningful reforms to eliminate the incentives for illegal immigration and create a legal immigration system that truly serves identifiable national interests. ” Read more about the wall here.",0
19837,"The Superglue Diet: How to Make a Lighter, Fuel-Sipping Car - The New York Times","DETROIT  —   The 2017 GMC Acadia sport utility vehicle that is just starting to arrive in dealerships around the country is 700 pounds lighter than the version it replaces, and can go 23 miles on a gallon of gasoline, up from 18 m. p. g. a 28 percent improvement. One of the secrets to the big weight loss? Glue. Many of the steel parts of the Acadia’s underbody are held together not by rivets or welds but by advanced adhesives similar to those used in modern airplanes like the Boeing Dreamliner. Since this   bonds parts together all along the seam where they connect, not just in certain spots, the parts become stiffer. Because of the stiffness, General Motors is able in many cases to switch to thinner steel, helping the new Acadia shed pounds. The grades of steel are thinner by only about the width of a human hair, but “it’s all the little things that add up to the big number,” said Charlie Klein, executive director of G. M.’s global   reduction strategy. Automakers are racing to improve fuel efficiency to meet the increasing mileage standards that environmental regulators have set for the next nine years.   adhesives are being used more widely, just one of the many leaps manufacturers are taking to reduce weight and save fuel. But to continue their gains, automakers must find additional innovations. One promising technology on the horizon is a new type of   hybrid that draws power from a   battery, which is more powerful than a standard   auto battery but less expensive and less complicated than the power packs of 200 volts or more found in hybrids like the Toyota Prius. The   battery drives an electric motor that gives the engine an extra 20 or so horsepower, cutting fuel use in starts and acceleration. Mary Gustanski, vice president of engineering and program management at Delphi, an auto supplier that is going to produce   systems for car companies, believes these hybrids can improve the fuel economy of normal   cars by 15 percent or more with little additional cost. “Is it leaps and bounds?” she said. “No, but does it move us further along? Definitely. ” Hyundai Motor, the Korean automaker, is “working very hard on   technology,” said Michael O’Brien, the company’s vice president of corporate and product planning. He declined to say when those cars would be on the market. G. M. also expects to offer   cars in the United States market in the next few years, an executive said. Ms. Gustanski said Delphi’s technology would first appear in Europe and China in 2018. Continental, another supplier, plans to begin producing   systems for automakers by the end of this year. Even with new technologies, automakers still have a steep uphill climb to keep pace with   targets. By 2025, they are supposed to sell a fleet of vehicles that hits an average of 54. 5 miles per gallon. That number is based on a complicated formula that gives credits for reducing emissions from   and selling electric vehicles, among other things. In   driving, the target equals a fleet average of about 40 miles per gallon. The average for cars and light trucks that were sold in July was 25. 4 miles per gallon, according to the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute. Last month, a joint report from the Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department said automakers were probably able to reach only an average rating of about 50 miles per gallon by 2025  —   about 36 miles per gallon in   situations. The main problem is that low gasoline prices and the absence of high fuel taxes that are common in most other advanced industrial nations have enticed Americans to move away from cars and buy more pickup trucks and S. U. V. s, which score lower on fuel efficiency. Missing the 2025 target would result in higher levels of carbon dioxide emissions, which regulators are trying to reduce in a bid to battle climate change. Regulators have just begun a review of the   standards and by April 2018 must decide whether to ease them in some ways  —   a path automakers would prefer  —   or leave them unchanged. Automakers and regulators are at odds. At an industry conference in Michigan earlier this month, the E. P. A. ’s director for air quality, Christopher Grundler, shrugged off suggestions that the 2025 target should be lowered. He said the standards were “working spectacularly,” and noted that carmakers had made good progress and already offered many models that met the 2025 level. These include hybrid and   models from Ford Motor, Hyundai, Toyota and others, as well as pure electric vehicles like Tesla models and G. M.’s Chevrolet Bolt. Ford’s     pickup truck, when equipped with the company’s EcoBoost V6 engine, comes close to the 2025 requirement  —   23 miles per gallon in   driving  —   for vehicles of that size. Automakers agree that electric cars offer impressive   numbers, but counter that consumers buy too few of them to move the average number. The big challenge, they say, is in improving fuel economy in conventional   cars without adding so much cost that consumers turn away. “It is going to be extremely difficult for traditional powertrains to hit those targets in the last couple of years” leading to 2025, said Richard L. Gezelle, a senior program manager at Toyota. Toyota is one automaker that has less interest in   “mild” hybrids, as they are known in the industry. Mr. Gezelle said his company thought automakers would need to focus more on breakthrough technologies  —   such as electric cars and   fuel cell vehicles  —   that can meet the 2025 standard and continue improving fuel efficiency beyond then. For now, automakers are making gains from a series of technologies they started introducing about six years ago. These include shrinking the size of engines while adding turbocharging, which increases power and efficiency by forcing extra air into an engine. This approach enables a   engine to put out about the same power as a traditional V6, and a V6 to replace a V8. At the same time, automakers are hoping for advancements from a new wave of innovations. They include:   This system shuts off the engine when a car stops at a light or in traffic. Some vehicles already have this feature, but their rough restarts have turned off many consumers. Hybrids with   systems promise improvements. FREEWHEELING Also known as   coasting, this lets an engine shut off momentarily while a car is coasting, reducing fuel consumption. A hybrid car can use its electric motor to maintain cruising speed, letting the engine remain off longer. NEW MATERIALS Automakers already use more aluminum and advanced, lightweight steel. Now magnesium, which is a third lighter than aluminum, is appearing more frequently. Fiat Chrysler is using the metal in the tailgate of the 2017 Chrysler Pacifica minivan. CYLINDER DEACTIVATION For years engines have had the ability to shut off two or four cylinders to conserve fuel. Using new computer algorithms, Delphi, G. M. and Tula, a Silicon Valley tech company, are working on “dynamic skip fire,” a way of turning individual cylinders on and off as needed.",0
19839,Occult Expert Breaks Down Wikileaks Exposed Clinton Campaign Satanism – TruthFeed,"Occult Expert Breaks Down Wikileaks Exposed Clinton Campaign Satanism Occult Expert Breaks Down Wikileaks Exposed Clinton Campaign Satanism Videos By TruthFeedNews November 5, 2016 
Earlier we covered the revelation of the Podesta family’s odd SATANISM Fetish revealed by Wikileaks. 
Alex Jones goes in depth on the disgrace and many times occultists have tried to recruit him and drag him down to their level. 
Watch the video: 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
19840,Reading the News in Times of Empire,"DISPATCHES FROM DANIEL ESPINOSA working to defeat the Big Lie in all its forms In the Manichean universe of US propaganda, the “bad guys” seem to be fond of killing children and bombing hospitals. Having clearly identified the bad guys, the US, its allies and mainstream media ask patiently for a hesitant international community to act on its “Responsibility to Protect”. By now it would seem mainstream media are tired of calling for humanitarian intervention in Eastern Aleppo to stop the Syrian Arab Army and Russian jets, tired of trotting out statistics and quotes from the terrorist/rebel-infested White Helmets (WHs) and the opposition-supporting Syrian Observatory of Human Rights, a one-man operation located in a London suburb, while completely ignoring civilian victims of a rebel force said to be composed of 50% al-Nusra (AKA al Qaeda terrorists. (1) Confident of their media cover, the WHs haven’t been smart enough to hide their ties with the notorious al-Nusra and other terrorist factions and are now in danger of being fairly discredited. (2) At the same time, the SOHR, probably designed as a short-term propaganda asset at a time when rebel/terrorist funding was still obscure and the world didn’t know it was actually Al-Nusra calling the shots in the ´moderate´ opposition side, is also losing credibility. But before the media is no longer able to sustain the lie even among their most uninformed victims, the chant of “the international community must act’ grows louder by the minute. But this time it’s not just client states, lapdog allies and some weak third world ‘regime’, subject to easy de-stabilization, otherwise it would be business as usual: subvert, demonize, invade, set up a facade regime and get ready for the next target. This time there’s Russia to reckon with. And Russia has her own independent reasons to be in Syria, ground zero for world terrorism. Gaddafi murdered by Washington-controlled jihadists. A mafia hit pure and simple, ordered by the biggest mafia outfit on earth. UK’s Daily Mirror, a typical media shill for the imperialists, whitewashing the ugliness of what its masters did. In all these sanctimonious exercises favored by the Western media, in reality little but a Ministry of Disinformation for global capitalism, we should notice the rigid script followed by the press, the lack of options when demanding interventions, as well as a complete lack of any kind of explanation of how their proposed intervention is supposed to take place, as if ‘humanitarian intervention’ meant some sort of magical way to end conflicts and save civilians, all of which shows their complete disregard for the recent past. Many journalists—who by dint of sheer ignorance (they too are subject to the brainwash afflicting most Americans, plus the pressures of careerism) are now lining up behind the ‘no-fly zone’ banner, some of them clearly not knowing exactly what it means, especially its sinister and extremely dangerous implications, but they know something better: Power (and their paychecks) demand it (again). As it did in 2003 when the official initial pretext to rally the country for war, Iraq´s Weapons of Mass Destruction narrative, was losing steam, the people of Iraq —according to our brave media—suddenly started to need ‘freedom’ and ‘protection’, to quote the usual doublespeak. Needles to say the very same same Powers which had ruthlessly imposed a brutal regime of sanctions that killed hundreds of thousands of children and women between 1991 and 2003, were now eager to deliver humanitarian aid. (3) T hose children passed unnoticed by our deeply concerned journalists while the tragedy of their slow-motion death was taking place; their pictures not used to call for any kind of humanitarian relief or intervention, as the corporate media attention to the suffering of civilians tends to be very selective, as Ed Herman and David Peterson explain with typical lucidity in The Politics of Genocide: “When we ourselves commit mass-atrocity crimes, the atrocities are Constructive , our victims are unworthy of our attention and indignation, and never suffer ‘genocide’ at our hands –like the Iraqi untermenschen who have died in such grotesque numbers over the past two decades. But when the perpetrator of mass-atrocity crimes is our enemy or a state targeted by us for destabilization and attack, the converse is true. Then the atrocities are Nefarious and their victims worthy of our focus, sympathy, public displays of solidarity, and calls for inquiry and punishment”. Eight years after Iraq’s 2003 invasion, history repeated itself in Libya, where another putative tyrant was ‘about to commit an atrocity against his own people’, as was suggested by European leaders and a deafening mainstream media chorus. Eventually, the Great Hegemon, with headquarters in Washington, also heard the call for action, and joined the crusade. (Actually, the whole ruse had been plotted in close coordination in the true axis of evil of our time, the Washington-London-Paris triad of international gangsterism, with Obama’s regime this time playing the coy, reluctant imperialist furnishing largely logistical and intel support). According to the British House of Commons Foreign Affairs Committee, which was “unable to visit Tripoli, Benghazi, Tobruk or anywhere else in Libya due to the collapse of internal security and the rule of law” in 2016, “…out of a total Libyan population of 6.3 million people, 3 million people have been impacted by the armed conflict, and 2.4 million people require protection and some form of humanitarian assistance”. (4) For its part, the Human Rights Watch stated, also in 2016, that “…Forces engaged in the conflict continued with impunity to arbitrarily detain, torture, unlawfully kill, indiscriminately attack, abduct and disappear, and forcefully displace people from their homes. The domestic criminal justice system collapsed in most parts of the country, exacerbating the human rights crisis”. (5) This seems to be the paradoxical result of a recent ‘humanitarian intervention’ from which the mainstream media is not morally prepared to take any valuable lessons. Of course, the paradox is nothing of the sort when you understand the real reasons behind the intervention, regarding the French government, and particularly its ex-president Nicolas Sarkozy, as stated by a US State Department intelligence advisor: “A desire to gain a greater share of Libya oil production; Improve his internal political situation in France”, among other supposedly deeply humanitarian causes. The US State Department, as expected, went along with the farce. B ut what is exactly a no-fly zone? According to US Army General Martin Dempsey in a letter to the US Congress in 2013: “This option uses lethal force to prevent the regime from using its military aircraft to bomb and resupply. It would extend air superiority over Syria by neutralizing the regime’s advanced, defense integrated air defense system. It would also shoot down adversary aircraft and strike airfields, aircraft on the ground, and supporting infrastructure… Risks include the loss of U.S. aircraft, which would require us to insert personnel recovery forces. It may also fail to reduce the violence…” And going back to the House of Commons assessments of 2016, when “…France and UK argued that the international community should simply impose a no-fly zone… former US Ambassador to NATO, Ivo Daalder, pointed out: ´Cameron was pushing for a no-fly zone, but in the US there was great skepticism. A no-fly zone wasn´t effective in Bosnia, it wasn’t effective in Iraq, and probably wasn’t going to be effective in Libya… Gaddafi was attacking people. A no-fly zone wasn’t going to stop him. Instead, to stop him we would need to bomb his forces attacking people.’” Of course, Daalder was describing the ineffectiveness of a NFZ while pushing for stronger measures. The crime of “optional imperialist war” remained the same, regardless of the methods eventually used. Similarities with the Syrian ‘civilian’ uprising of 2011 abound, as UK Former Chief of Defense Staff Lord Richards of Herstmonceux later confirmed, intelligence on the composition of the rebel militias was not ‘as good as one would wish’, and when these rebels with affiliations to Al-Qaeda finally got their hands on the “tyrant”—a man who had on numerous occasions been feted in Italy and France’s capitals, and who had built one of the most advanced social safety nets for his people—they simply do what jackals do, they tortured and murdered him, with the mainstream media, particularly in England and the US, reacting in a fashion that would make hyenas look like sheep: under headlines like “Mad Dog Put Down” most front pages showed gruesome pictures of Gaddafi’s last moments, the word ’murdered’ nowhere to be found. Demonized “tyrants” aren´t murdered, they are executed or, as the New York Post stated: “Killed by a Yankee Fan”, in a humorous reference to a boy wearing a New York Yankees cap among the killers. (6) The New York Times’ Kareem Fahim refers to the “trophies of war”, in an article filled with pictures of Gaddafi’s and one of his sons’ dead bodies surrounded by cheering men, where any other “trophy”, as his golden gun, is only mentioned briefly to give the idea he isn´t referring to the corpses. (7) Andrew Gilligan wrote in the Telegraph: “the one thing Gaddafi retained to the very end was his ability to put on a show…” (8). Ability shared by many journalists when cheering for interventions known for causing worse catastrophes than those that supposedly caused the intervention in the first place. Many rationales are given for the explicit, openly celebratory content. As Chris Elliot, The Guardian’s reader’s editor explains: “ On reflection – and having read the complaints – I feel less convinced about the way we used these photographs, although I still feel strongly that they are an important part of this story and should have been used. The scale of the photo on the newspaper front page of 21 October and prominent picture use on the website took us too close to appearing to revel in the killing rather than reporting it”. (Emphasis added). This reveling over Gaddafi’s corpse reflects the celebration of an establishment victory by its subservient propaganda media, but it also served to focus attention away from the unlawful killing of many others, and the exact details of how the killing took place. As Media Lens observed: “…but there was more than the lonely killing of a “tyrant” that went unreported. Human Rights Watch reported that between six and ten people appeared to have been executed at the scene of the Libyan leader’s capture. Around 95 bodies were found in the immediate vicinity, many of them victims of NATO airstrikes. In fact, it is clear that NATO, with the assistance of Special Forces (although ground troops were strictly forbidden by UN resolution 1973), had maintained a no-drive zone around Sirte: a crucial factor facilitating the murder of Gaddafi. CBS reported 572 bodies ‘and counting’ in Sirte, including 300, ‘many of them with their hands tied behind their backs and shot in the head’, collected and buried in a mass grave”. (9) (Emphasis added) There should be little doubt regarding the reasons behind the selective use of pictures of bloodied children by mainstream media (and many NGOs), especially when they endorse calls for ‘humanitarian intervention’ against governments previously targeted for regime change, as it has already been clearly established in the case of Syria long before the 2011 uprising, via many US secret documents revealed by WikiLeaks. Propaganda is particularly transparent in this case: create a sense of guilt and impotence, prepare public opinion to demand what has already been planned elsewhere, in the darker councils of unaccountable power. The scandalous double-standard that selectively shows the suffering of “worthy” children while hiding the pain and death of those victimized for sordid reasons by the “Exceptional Nation” and its equally murderous accomplices dressed in civilized garb, is the great hypocrisy of our time, flowing smoothly from its deeply corrupt DNA. The obvious options such as putting an end to the funding of ‘moderates’ by the US, in reality the open funding of terrorists, is never considered, as important facts contradicting the official imperialist narrative are systematically omitted by the “Free Press.” Notes: Ruptly Tv. LIVE: UN Security Council meets to discuss situation in Syria. ( Online Video clip) Youtube, published on 09/25/16. [Recoverd: 10/13/16 (CHECK min. 28) at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dx3XbFYqOoo] RT. ‘Intl. community still financing & protecting terrorists’ –Mother Agnes . (Online video clip) Youtube, published 10/25/16 [recovered 10/28/16 from: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbUTnSsNbfc ] Shah, Anup. Effects on Iraq Sanctions . (Global Issues, 10/02/05) [http://www.globalissues.org/article/105/effects-of-sanctions] House of Commons Foreign Affairs Committee. Libya: Examination of intervention and collapse and the UK’s future policy options. Third Report of Session 2016-17 (UK Parliament, 09/14/16) [http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201617/cmselect/cmfaff/119/119.pdf] Quoted in HCFAC (note 4). The Guardian. Gaddafi dead: the front pages – In pictures . (The Guardian, 10/21/11) [https://www.theguardian.com/media/gallery/2011/oct/21/gaddafi-dead-front-pages] Fahim, Kareem. After Making Capture in Pipe, Displaying the Trophies of War . (New York Times, 10/20/11) [ http://www.nytimes.com/2011/10/21/world/africa/brutalized-libyan-city-rejoices-with-gruesome-trophies-of-war.html ] Quoted in: Media Lens. Killing Gaddafi . (Media Lens, 10/27/11) [http://www.medialens.org/index.php/alerts/alert-archive/2011/653-killing-gaddafi.html] Ibid. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Associate Editor Daniel Espinosa Winder (34) lives in Caraz, a small city in the Andes of Peru. He graduated in Communication Sciences in Lima and started researching mainstream media and more specifically, propaganda. His writings are a often a critique of the role of mass media in our society. Daniel also serves as Editorial Director for TGP’s Spanish Language edition. =SUBSCRIBE TODAY! NOTHING TO LOSE, EVERYTHING TO GAIN.= free • safe • invaluable If you appreciate our articles, do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. It’s free and it implies no obligation to you— ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Greanville Post several times a week.",0
19841,CLINTON CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN HAD MULTIPLE DINNERS WITH TOP DOJ OFFICIAL DURING HILLARY'S EMAIL INVESTIGATION,"Email 

The day after Hillary Clinton testified in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October, John Podesta, the Democrat’s campaign chairman, met for dinner with a small group of well-connected friends, including Peter Kadzik, a top official at the Justice Department. 
The dinner arrangement, revealed in hacked Podesta emails released by Wikileaks, is just the latest example of an apparent conflict of interest between the Clinton campaign and the federal agency charged with investigating the former secretary of state’s email practices. 
Podesta and Kadzik, the assistant attorney general for legislative affairs, were in frequent contact, other emails show. In one email from January, Kadzik and Podesta, who were classmates at Georgetown Law School in the 1970s, discussed plans to celebrate Podesta’s birthday. And in another sent last May, Kadzik’s son emailed Podesta asking for a job on the Clinton campaign. 
The post-Benghazi dinner was attended by Podesta, Kadzik, superlobbyist Vincent Roberti and other well-placed Beltway fixtures. 
The exchanges are another example of the Clinton campaign’s “cozy relationship” with the Obama Justice Department, one former U.S. Attorney tells The Daily Caller.",0
19842,Jewish Voter Threatened By Crowbar Weilding Man Shouting ’Kill All the Jews’ at London Polling Station,"A man was arrested outside a polling station Thursday evening, after shouting   abuse at a Jewish voter and threatening people with a crowbar. [The man launched into a vicious tirade, shouting “Fucking Jews! Kill all the Jews! What are you doing here?” at a Jewish man as he arrived at the polling station at Clapham Common, Stamford Hill, to cast his ballot in the general election.  Staff were forced to intervene, leading the “frightened” voter to safety, the Evening Standard has reported. At about 5pm the attacker returned, shouting more abuse at voters and wielding a crowbar, at which point the police were called to the scene. They arrested the culprit on suspicion of a racially or religiously aggravated public order offence. The Jewish neighbourhood watch group Shomrim has reported the incident, thanking the polling station staff for their help. Man at polling station shouting ”F***ing Jews, kill all the Jews, what are you doing here” #Shomrim alerted @MPSHackney who arrested suspect pic. twitter.   —   Shomrim N. E. London (@Shomrim) June 8, 2017,  Shomrim spokesman Chaim Hochhauser said: “This was a frightening experience for the victim. “I would like to thank the woman at the polling station who came to the aid of the victim and helped him leave the premises to find a safe place. “Shomrim are supporting the victim and assisting with the Police investigation. ” A spokeswoman for the Met Police said: ““Officers attended and a man was arrested on suspicion of a   aggravated public order offence. “He has since been taken to an east London police station for questioning. “There are no reported injuries. Enquiries continue. ” The incident is the latest in a spate of   attacks on Britain’s streets. Last week a 16    was beaten and punched by a group of five boys, at least one of whom was described in a Facebook account of the attack as being from an “ethnic minority background” who told the girl “Hitler should have killed all you Jews when he had the chance”.",0
19843,Telegraph “Journalist” Calls For the Assassination of Donald Trump The Deletes Her Twitter Account – TruthFeed,"Telegraph “Journalist” Calls For the Assassination of Donald Trump The Deletes Her Twitter Account Telegraph “Journalist” Calls For the Assassination of Donald Trump The Deletes Her Twitter Account Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 10, 2016 
Monisha Rajesh, who is a “journalist” for Telegraph, called for the assassination of Donald Trump on Twitter. 
She was instantly called out, and then deleted the tweet. 
However, slews of screen shots were captured and the information went viral which prompted this “journalist” to delete her entire twitter account. 
https://twitter.com/GoosesTweets/status/796771781520592896 
— Trump Vol (@DamnVol) November 10, 2016 . @SecretService again, just in case @monisha_rajesh deletes the tweet, which it looks like she has. pic.twitter.com/3l3MhL0MXL 
— The Coonskin Cap (@TheCoonskinCap) November 10, 2016 Apparently @monisha_rajesh has deleted the tweet and also deactivated her account 😉😂 https://t.co/wgrqWfmevT 
These violent and emotionally unstable liberal idiots need to be held accountable for their actions. 
Please contact Telegraph and DEMAND they fire this idiot. 
Telegraph Twitter page here . 
Facebook page here . 
Email : telegraphenquiries@ telegraph.co.uk Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
19844,Judge Allows Testimony of Another Accuser in Cosby Case - The New York Times,"A judge ruled Friday that one additional woman who says Bill Cosby sexually assaulted her will be permitted to testify at his trial later this year on charges that he sexually assaulted a former Temple University staff member in 2004. Legal experts have said that the account of a second woman describing what she said was an act of sexual assault could strengthen the case against Mr. Cosby, 79, who has denied any misconduct. But the judge’s decision was far from a full victory for prosecutors in Montgomery County, Pa. who had sought to introduce testimony from 13 women who have accused Mr. Cosby of assaulting them. The prosecutors had told Judge Steven T. O’Neill of the Court of Common Pleas that the testimony of the group of women was important in showing a pattern of conduct by Mr. Cosby that bolstered the account of Andrea Constand, the former Temple employee. Judge O’Neill agreed to allow the testimony of the one woman, identified only as “Prior Alleged Victim Six,” in a   decision that briefly discussed his legal reasoning. The judge said that he had considered the evidence, the legal arguments and aimed for “a careful balancing of the probative value of the other acts evidence and the prejudice to the Defendant. ” While the judge’s decision was too brief to completely understand his reasoning, the account given by the woman is similar to that given by Ms. Constand, who says she was drugged and sexually assaulted at the entertainer’s home near Philadelphia. Two years ago, the new witness appeared at a news conference, alongside her lawyer, Gloria Allred, where she was identified only as Kacey and described working as an assistant to Mr. Cosby’s agent at the William Morris Agency in the 1990s. She and Mr. Cosby were friendly, she said, and once had dinner at his home where they both read from a script, their scene ending in a passionate kiss that made her uncomfortable. Then, she said, she went to lunch at his California hotel bungalow in 1996 where, she said, she passed out after he gave her a “large white pill,” and woke up in bed next to Mr. Cosby, who was naked beneath an open robe. “Once Prior Victim Number Six was incapacitated, defendant sexually assaulted her,” prosecutors said in court papers last year. The woman said at the news conference that she never pressed charges because she feared retaliation. Mr. Cosby has denied all the allegations of sexual assault and has described his encounter with Ms. Constand as consensual. His spokesman, Andrew Wyatt, declined to comment on the ruling. Mr. Cosby’s legal team is expected to challenge Ms. Constand’s credibility. Legal experts said the judge’s ruling made that job more difficult, but that the admittance of testimony from multiple women would have been significantly more damaging. “He has two people to challenge rather than just one in that sense, it’s a defeat,” said Dennis McAndrews, a Pennsylvania lawyer and former prosecutor. But, he added: “If five or more had been admitted, it would have been devastating for his case. It is easier to attack the testimony of two. ” Mr. Cosby’s lawyers had fought to block the women’s accounts, which had not been the subject of criminal complaints or adjudicated at trial, and which they disparaged as vague. “There has never been a shred of physical evidence to support such claims, they have never been reported to any authority and today their stories of ‘that night spent partying with a famous celebrity’ are based solely on the tainted, unreliable memories of women, now in their senior years, recalling alleged events from a single encounter from the 1960s, 1970s or 1980s,” his lawyers Brian J. McMonagle and Angela C. Agrusa said in court papers in October. Ordinarily, prosecutors cannot introduce evidence or accusations of prior bad behavior because it is viewed as too prejudicial for a jury as it considers the facts of the single case before it. But in Pennsylvania, as in other states, such evidence is permitted when it shows conduct so similar it can be argued that it demonstrates a common scheme or plan, a kind of unique signature of the defendant. Prosecutors characterized the accounts of the 13 women as being similar to Ms. Constand’s in that the women said Mr. Cosby had befriended or mentored them, gave them a pill or other intoxicant, and that when they awoke hours later, they said, they had been sexually abused. Kevin R. Steele, the Montgomery County District Attorney, on Friday described the judge’s ruling as important, saying, “The jury will now be allowed to assess evidence that is relevant to establishing a common plan, scheme and design of sexual abuse. ” For many of the women, testifying represented a final opportunity to confront Mr. Cosby legally. Most never came forward decades ago, when they say the episodes occurred, and have been unable to bring civil cases against Mr. Cosby because the statutes of limitation have expired. On Friday, Ms. Allred congratulated the 13, seven of whom were at least once her clients, saying, “Even though they will not be able to testify in this case, they have been very important in the effort to seek justice. ” For prosecutors, there is a risk in introducing prior bad acts as evidence. In one recent case where such evidence helped lead to a conviction, the decision was overturned by an appeals court that found the admission of the evidence had, in fact, prejudiced the jury. The case involved a senior official in the Roman Catholic Church in Philadelphia who had been convicted on charges related to failing to stop child sexual abuse by some priests. Isabelle A. Kirshner, a criminal defense lawyer in New York who is not involved in the case, said that by only allowing one of the women in, Judge O’Neill had reduced the chance that any verdict would be reversed on appeal. As for the Cosby team, she said, “I am sure that they are not happy another witness is coming in, but given that they wanted 13, this is a victory for him. ” In December, in another crucial decision, Judge O’Neill ruled that deposition testimony, given by Mr. Cosby in a separate 2005 lawsuit filed by Ms. Constand, could be admitted as evidence in the coming criminal trial. In the deposition, Mr. Cosby admitted to affairs and acknowledged obtaining quaaludes as part of his efforts to have sex with women. Mr. Cosby is seeking a change of venue for the trial, now set for Norristown, Pa. or for jurors to be brought in from another county, arguing that he has been harmed by negative publicity and   media coverage. A hearing on that motion is scheduled for Monday.",0
19845,Pennsylvania Abortion Clinic Shut Down by Health Department,"A Harrisburg, Pennsylvania abortion clinic has been shut down after the state Department of Health found serious violations affecting the safety and health of patients. [State Secretary of Health Dr. Karen Murphy ordered the Hillcrest Women’s Medical Center to suspend its services following a June 5 unannounced inspection found “serious deficiencies and violations,” said a press release.  Three Pennsylvania state senators responded to the report of Hillcrest’s violations with questions about why the Department of Health (DOH) has not revoked the abortion clinic’s license, reports CatholicNewsLive. Hillcrest has violated the state’s health laws four times in the past six years. State Sens. Joe Scarnati (R) Bob Mensch (R) and John DiSanto (R) wrote to Murphy: The DOH inspection report portrays a facility which is clearly unsafe and unhealthy for both patients and staff alike. Given this, we would like an explanation as to why DOH did not immediately move to suspend or revoke Hillcrest Women’s Medical Center’s license upon finding such numerous egregious violations. These health and safety violations are obviously deeply troubling. However, even more problematic appears to be DOH’s response, which was to allow the abortion clinic to continue operating while granting Hillcrest a six month grace period to correct the cited “deficiencies. ” During an inspection in February, the abortion clinic was found to have improper staffing  —   no registered nurse on staff, and failure to show documentation that its physician was a board eligible   the Department of Health’s report says. Hillcrest was also found to have failed compliance with the state’s Child Protective Services Law. The clinic has been treating girls younger than 18 years of age, though at least eight staff members had not had the background checks required for working with children. According to the report, the Department of Health reviewed 12 patient records and found all 12 patients had no nursing care or monitoring while recovering from anesthesia administered during surgical abortion. Murphy said in the department’s statement: The health and safety of patients served at any Pennsylvania health care facility is a top priority of the Wolf Administration. On Monday, Department of Health staff conducted an unannounced monitoring visit to Hillcrest Women’s Medical Center. The department concluded that it was no longer safe for the facility to continue providing medical services to patients. Therefore, I have ordered the facility to suspend all services until such time that it can demonstrate it is safe for women to receive care. While the June inspection found that a registered nurse was on the premises, additional violations were identified  —   including expired sterilization and medical supplies  —   that led to the decision to close the clinic. “The Hillcrest Women’s Medical Center deserved to be closed down, but the truth is that the March deficiency report was far from the worst we have seen in our research of abortion facilities,” says   Operation Rescue president Troy Newman. “All abortion facilities that cannot pass health inspections should be closed. We urge every state to conduct unannounced inspections of abortion facilities so they can see the real conditions and practices women face at these abortion dumps on an everyday basis. ” Hillcrest’s violations come after Pennsylvania enacted a law in 2011 requiring abortion clinics to be subject to unannounced inspections. The law was passed following the case of West Philadelphia abortionist Kermit Gosnell, who was convicted in 2013 of murdering babies born alive during abortions by cutting their spinal cords. Gosnell, who operated a clinic that became known as the “house of horrors” because of its filthy conditions, also was found guilty in the death of one of his patients. The abortion industry and its political and media allies continue to fight against states in court that pass health and safety laws that would raise the standard of care in abortion clinics to those of other outpatient treatment facilities. The abortion lobby claims these laws are unfair to women who wish to access the procedure. In its latest investigative report,   organization Americans United for Life (AUL) provides details of hundreds of violations of state laws regulating abortion clinics. The   report, titled “Unsafe: The Public Health Crisis in America’s Abortion Clinics Endangers Women,” challenges the narrative advanced by abortion advocates that the U. S. Supreme Court’s decision in the recent Texas case of Whole Woman’s Health vs. Hellerstedt prevents state legislatures from requiring health and safety standards in abortion clinics.",0
19846,Madonna Drops F-Bombs at Anti-Trump Rally: ’I’ve Thought a Lot About Blowing Up the White House’,"Madonna railed against the Trump administration Saturday at the Women’s March on Washington and confessed during her   speech that’s she’s been thinking about “blowing up the White House. ”[“Yes, I’m angry. Yes, I’m outraged. Yes, I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House, but I know that this won’t change anything,” Madonna told the crowd to roaring applause.   Are you ready to shake up the world?” Madonna asked the crowd. “Welcome to the revolution of love, to the rebellion, to out refusal as women to accept this new age of tyranny, where not just women are in danger but all regionalized people. Where being uniquely different, right now, might truly be considered a crime. ” Moments later, Madonna dropped the   on live TV. According to The Hollywood Reporter, “The singer’s remarks aired uncensored on   CNN and MSNBC. ” “It took this horrific moment of darkness to wake us the fuck up. ” she said. The pop   performed two of her biggest songs “Express Yourself” and “Human Nature. ” During the latter, Madonna changed the song’s lyric to say “Donald Trump —  suck a dick. ” She also led the crowd of   revelers in a chant: “I’m not your bitch. ” Madonna also sent a vulgar message to her and protester’s “detractors. ” “And to our detractors that insist that this march will never add up to anything, fuck you! Fuck You!” she said. Madonna at #WomensMarch: “It took this horrific moment of darkness to wake the f —   up. ” pic. twitter.   —   Hollywood Reporter (@THR) January 21, 2017,  ",0
19847,"Dershowitz: Special Counsel Is Wrong Choice, Except to Investigate Leaks - Breitbart","Harvard Law School emeritus professor, liberal Democrat, and noted defense lawyer Alan Dershowitz has penned an   in the Hill opposing the appointment of a special counsel to oversee the investigation into possible ties between President Donald Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and the Russian government. [Dershowitz makes a   case against the special counsel. First, he says, the Trump campaign is not facing criminal accusations. Second, he says, even if collusion were to be found between the Trump campaign and the Russian government, or if Trump were found to have divulged secrets to the Russian foreign minister, none of that would be illegal, and ought to be punished by voters, not prosecutors. Third, he argues, Trump’s decision to fire James Comey does not constitute obstruction of justice, and a special counsel could not impeach him anyway.  The only legitimate targets of a special counsel, Dershowitz says, would be “those current and former intelligence officials who willfully leaked classified and highly secret information to the media” over the past several months. He concludes: So what will the special prosecutor be doing? The short answer is that we don’t know and may never know, because he will be operating in secret. His most powerful weapon will be the grand jury, which has the power to subpoena witnesses to be questioned without their lawyers behind closed doors. It is a crime to disclose or leak grand jury testimony (except in special situations). At the end of his super secret investigations, the special counsel has essentially three options: he can issue indictments and prosecute the defendants, he can issue a statement that no indictments are warranted and close down his investigation, or he can issue a report. If he were to issue a report, it would be   and based on an investigation not geared towards knowing the whole truth, but rather to develop and present to the grand jury sufficient evidence to show probable cause that a crime may have been committed. The grand jury hears only one side  —   the prosecutor’s. A report, based on no criminal investigation, is likely to be   and incomplete. Dershowitz writes that he would have preferred to see “a   investigatory commission to uncover the whole truth” about Russia’s role in the election. Read Dershowitz’s entire   here. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
19848,Conflicting Accounts Emerge After Treaty Camp Police Action,"Indian Country – by Theresa Braine 
More details are emerging about yesterday’s police action on Highway 1806 about three miles from the Cannonball River. Commencing shortly before noon, a large contingent of heavily armed officers worked to clear a route for Dakota Access oil pipeline (DAPL) trenches in a relentless push that resulted in numerous instances of violent confrontations, culminating in the seizure of the newly established Treaty Camp and removal of a number of tents, tipis and sweat lodges. 
The Morton County Sheriff’s Department said that 141 people had been arrested and that at least one bullet had been fired from the frontlines. 
“Officers met violence and resistance including a protester who fired a gun at officers in the police line, protesters who threw molotov cocktails at them and set vehicles and debris on fire,” the sheriff’s office said in a post on Facebook . 
An AP news story cites state spokesperson Cecily Wong describing a woman who drew a .38 caliber pistol and firing three times at officers, an account disputed by activists and not recorded on any of the on-the-scene video or live feeds currently circulating. 
However, tribal law enforcement apprehended a heavily-armed man crouched in a creek with apparent connections to a private security firm hired by DAPL’s builders. The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe posted a description of the incident on its Facebook page . A man was apprehended carrying an assault rifle, with papers indicating he was employed by a private security firm, according to the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe. 
“As reported via video evidence from the front lines on 10-27-16. A man bearing an assault rifle broke thru a barricade and was speeding toward the Oceti Sakowin camp, he was run off the road 1/4 mile north from the Camp. The man exited the vehicle where he appeared to be disguised as a water protector. He than fired several shots from his assault rifle. Tribal Law Enforcement responded, the man was then apprehended. Insurance Documents from the vehicle reveal that it is owned by Dakota Access Pipeline. We commend the BIA Law Enforcement to their commitment of public safety and for their quick response and apprehension of the suspect, who was clearly meaning to do harm.” 
A statement by the Camp of the Sacred Stones, one of three prayer camps set up near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation, catalogued exactly how the unarmed protectors were met by lots of firepower: “Over 300 police officers in riot gear, 8 ATVs, 5 armored vehicles, 2 helicopters, and numerous military-grade humvees showed up north of the newly formed frontline camp just east of Highway 1806. The 1851 Treaty Camp was set up this past Sunday directly in the path of the pipeline, on land recently purchased by DAPL. Today this camp, a reclamation of unceded Lakota territory affirmed as part of the Standing Rock Reservation in the Ft. Laramie Treaty of 1851, was violently cleared. Both blockades established this past weekend to enable that occupation were also cleared.” 
At least one sniper atop a Humvee scanned the crowd of protectors. People and horses were shot at with beanbag guns, noise concussion devices were used, and fire-extinguisher-sized canisters of tear gas and mace were deployed. Police used pepper spray and mace liberally. (Photo: Savannah Joe/Facebook) 
Standing Rock Sioux Chairman David Archambault II blasted the use of force, the continued construction and the numerous violations of civil and human rights. 
“We have repeatedly seen a disproportionate response from law enforcement to water protectors’ nonviolent exercise of their constitutional rights,” he said in a statement. “Today we have witnessed people praying in peace, yet attacked with pepper spray, rubber bullets, sound and concussion cannons. We urge state and federal government agencies to give this tense situation their immediate and close attention.” 
He noted that DAPL parent company Energy Transfer Partners had completely ignored the request by the administration of President Barack Obama to voluntarily halt construction while the legal issues raised by the tribe were resolved. 
“By deploying law enforcement to support DAPL construction, the State of North Dakota is collaborating with Energy Transfer Partners and escalating tensions,” Archambault said. “We need our state and federal governments to bring justice and peace to our lands, not the force of armored vehicles.” 
Archambault urged everyone who supports Standing Rock’s efforts to divert or halt the pipeline to remain peaceful and prayerful and not resort to violence or lash out in anger. 
“Any act of violence hurts our cause and is not welcome here,” he said. “We invite all supporters to join us in prayer that, ultimately, the right decision—the moral decision—is made to protect our people, our sacred places, our land and our resources. We won’t step down from this fight. As peoples of this earth, we all need water. This is about our water, our rights, and our dignity as human beings.” 
Firsthand accounts bore stark witness to the events as they happened, via Facebook live feeds, social media posts and other dispatches from the front lines. 
Dallas Goldtooth, organizer of the Keep It in the Ground movement with the Indigenous Environmental Network, posted updates throughout the day. 
“President Obama had asked that work stop within 20 miles of river yet National Guard were used to clear the way for yesterday’s police sweep & DAPL construction,” he wrote. “DAPL security forces were part of the invasion. They had armed men with AR-15 and had malicious intent to sneak into the camp.” 
He said that men and women had been pulled out of a sweat lodge ceremony at gunpoint. 
“The similarities to Wounded Knee cannot be ignored. There was potential last night to turn a peaceful protest into a major tragedy,” he wrote. 
Goldtooth also contrasted such treatment of unarmed water protectors with the acquittal, on the same day, of the armed militia who took over Malheur Wildlife Refuge. 
“The racial undertones of yesterday’s actions cannot be ignored,” Goldtooth wrote. “Armed white men stand off against police in Oregon: Acquitted. Unarmed water protectors in North Dakota: Concussion grenades, rubber bullets and batons.” 
He said that North Dakota police’s characterization of them as “armed vigilantes” was patently false. Jesus Wagner was shot in the face with a rubber bullet. (Photo: Facebook) 
“The only weapons on site yesterday were in the hands of militarized police,” he wrote. “Assault rifles, snipers, concussion grenades, batons, etc.” 
The harm was not limited to humans. Riders on horseback were also assaulted, and one horse was killed. 
“Horseback riders were attacked by police on ATVS resulting in one horse being hurt so severely that it had to be put down,” Goldtooth said. “There were national guard humvees on site with snipers stationed on top.” 
Not even medical personnel were immune. 
“They sprayed me with my hands up and my back to them, with all my medic markings clearly showing. They sprayed me head to toe,” said one man in a Facebook post by the Standing Rock Medic & Healer Council. “They pointed shotguns at me. They pointed shotguns at my back while I was treating patients.” 
Jon Eagle Sr., Tribal Historic Preservation Officer of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, spoke of the heartbreak. 
“My heart hurts,” he said on Facebook. “Because of the actions of a few, many people were hurt today. People were shot with rubber bullets and beanbags. They used pepper spray, percussion grenades and sound cannons. Numerous arrests. I can’t believe what I witnessed today and it’s still going on. Prayers for the protectors tonight.” 
There were uplifting moments as well. As the conflict escalated, a woman yelled at everyone to “look at the buffalo!” 
“We all turned to the east to see a herd of buffalo come charging,” Eagle said. “Behind them were young warriors on horse back. Police in ATV’s charged after them. There were shots fired. The young men rode through the line of ATV’s and made their get away. A war cry went up from the crowd. I’m proud to say we are still the greatest light cavalry in the world!” 
Many activists and protectors used social media to describe feelings of nausea, light-headedness and sickness after returning to the camps near Standing Rock, and also this morning as a new, uncertain day dawned on the plains. 
Read more at http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/2016/10/28/conflicting-accounts-emerge-after-treaty-camp-police-action-166259",0
19849,WikiLeaks: CIA ’Pandemic’ Malware Infected Servers to Spread Virus to Computers - Breitbart,"In the most recent installment of WikiLeak’s CIA Vault 7 series, the whistleblowing group has published details on a server virus codenamed “Pandemic. ”[In the latest leak, published on Thursday, WikiLeaks outlines the use of the CIA’s “Pandemic” project. This leak is a virus that targets Windows computers, sharing files with remote users in a local network. WikiLeaks described the program on their website writing,  “Today, June 1st 2017, WikiLeaks publishes documents from the ‘Pandemic’ project of the CIA, a persistent implant for Microsoft Windows machines that share files (programs) with remote users in a local network. ‘Pandemic’ targets remote users by replacing application code    with a trojaned version if the program is retrieved from the infected machine. To obfuscate its activity, the original file on the file server remains unchanged it is only   while in transit from the pandemic file server before being executed on the computer of the remote user. The implant allows the replacement of up to 20 programs with a maximum size of 800 MB for a selected list of remote users (targets). ” “As the name suggests, a single computer on a local network with shared drives that is infected with the ‘Pandemic’ implant will act like a ‘Patient Zero’ in the spread of a disease. It will infect remote computers if the user executes programs stored on the pandemic file server. Although not explicitly stated in the documents, it seems technically feasible that remote computers that provide file shares themselves become new pandemic file servers on the local network to reach new targets. ” Documentation published by WikiLeaks states that the virus is installed via a minifilter device driver. Jake Williams, a malware expert at Rendition InfoSec, spoke to Ars Technica about the virus stating, “This code looks like it was developed with a very specific use in mind. Many larger organizations don’t use Windows file servers to serve files. They use special built storage devices (network attached storage). My guess here would be that this was designed to target a relatively small organization. ” Williams worked at the National Security Agency’s elite Tailored Access Operation until 2013 and believes that WikiLeaks may be withholding some documentation relating to Pandemic. “If you handed me this tool, I don’t have enough information to make it go,” he said. “There’s more documentation than this. It’s anyone’s guess as to why it wasn’t released. ” Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
19850,Sick Hillary Needed a Doctor in the Oval Office during Coughing Fit, ,0
19851,Marvel’s ‘Inhumans’ TV Series Will Arrive via Imax Theaters - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   One of Marvel Entertainment’s most sprawling superhero mythologies, the Inhumans, is headed to the small screen in a major way. But the Inhuman likes of Black Bolt, Crystal and Lockjaw, the teleporting dog, will first appear on big screens. As in the biggest. Imax Corporation, Marvel and the ABC broadcast network announced a partnership on Monday to introduce  —   and finance  —   a lavish new television series that will focus on the Inhuman royal family. Under the agreement, a version that combines the initial two episodes of “Marvel’s The Inhumans,” shot entirely with Imax cameras, will play exclusively for two weeks next September on Imax screens worldwide. Shortly thereafter, the episodes  —   edited to include additional scenes  —   will run on ABC, with new installments unspooling in typical   fashion. (The look of the series on TV will be enhanced due to Imax technology.) The series, billed as a family   with signature Marvel humor, will be set in the present day, with some action seeming to take place on the moon. The deal is significant for several reasons. As their live audiences have dwindled and competition has increased, broadcast networks have struggled to create sizzle around new shows. ABC, which urgently needs new hits, is betting that Imax, with its strength among younger consumers known as fanboys, will help make “The Inhumans” a   event. “In the incredibly crowded marketplace of television, we are very excited about this because it’s a unique and innovative and bold way to debut our best new content,” Ben Sherwood, president of   Television Group, said by phone. The deal also indicates that Disney remains focused on telling Marvel stories on ABC after an unexceptional start to that effort. “Marvel’’s Agents of S. H. I. E. L. D. ” has brought more male viewers to ABC, but it has been only a modest ratings performer. Another effort, “Agent Carter,” was a misfire. ABC wants what Marvel Television and ABC Studios have supplied to Netflix  —     widely watched series like “Luke Cage” and “Daredevil. ” A   arrangement with Imax will allow ABC and Marvel to spend more to make “The Inhumans,” which will include   visual effects. (One criticism of “Agents of S. H. I. E. L. D. ” has been that certain action sequences are less than dazzling.) Imax has never before served as a financing participant in a TV series, according to Richard L. Gelfond, the company’s chief executive. “We think this is a business for us,” Mr. Gelfond said of the financing arrangement. “Because Imax has an equity participation both in the pilot and in the series, this deal will be financially advantageous to Imax on an ongoing basis. ” Imax has dabbled in the past at showing TV content on its supersize screens. Last year, for instance, it played a couple of Season 4 episodes of “Game of Thrones. ” But a series has never before made its debut through Imax, which has more than 1, 000 locations worldwide. “We see it as a way to extend the Imax brand and diversify our revenue,” Mr. Gelfond said. In particular, he hopes television content could help draw crowds to Imax locations at times of the year  —   like fall  —   when there is a dearth of   movies. Imax worked for years to find a winning strategy for quieter times at the box office most recently it tried showing films aimed at older audiences, which delivered weak results. “We’re confident our exhibition partners will be excited about this,” Mr. Gelfond said. “The response from conceptual conversations has been extremely positive. ” Marvel, which has been on a   tear, initially expected to turn the Inhumans into a string of movies, even announcing its plans publicly in 2014. But the studio ultimately decided the property would be a better fit for TV, in part because there were already a lot of different Marvel movie franchises continuing. Mr. Sherwood, noting pains have been taken to make sure ABC affiliates are on board with the Imax debut, said the “sneak peek” of “The Inhumans” would include “big, theatrical moments specially conceived for the Imax screen. ” The series debut will also come at a time when no Marvel movies are playing in theaters. “We’ve worked very carefully with our friends at Marvel Studios  —   and this is a critical point  —   to make sure that   and   we are only enhancing the Marvel universe,” he said.",0
19852,Eric Holder’s Airbnb Runs Controversial #WeAccept Multiculturalism Ad - Breitbart,"The tens of millions of Americans watching Super Bowl LI Sunday night were treated to a   from   company Airbnb, which launched its #WeAccept ad campaign with a   spot highlighting diversity and multiculturalism. [“No matter who you are, where you’re from, who you love, or who you worship, you deserve to belong,” Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky wrote on Sunday with a link to the #WeAccept campaign, which shows the faces of people of various ages, races, and religions along with the inspiring message.  Former U. S. attorney general Eric Holder  —   who was hired by Airbnb last July “to help craft a     policy”  —   also tweeted about the #WeAccept campaign. “This is who we truly are  —   We work together. We stand together. We are one nation. We are one people. @Airbnb @bchesky #weaccept together,” Holder wrote to his Twitter followers. This is who we truly are  —   We work together. We stand together. We are one nation. We are one people. @Airbnb @bchesky #weaccept together,  —   Eric Holder (@EricHolder) February 6, 2017,  Hollywood and Silicon Valley have heavily opposed President Donald Trump’s executive order temporarily suspending the U. S. Refugee Admissions Program. Super Bowl Sunday saw a series of politicized commercials meant to shine a spotlight on the administration’s immigration policies. But AirBnB’s #WeAccept effort is a longterm campaign, and it’s being spearheaded by Holder, who has already been hired by the California legislature to help lead the legal fight against Trump. In his role at the $30 billion   company, Holder is crafting the company’s   and housing policy, according to Chesky. Airbnb users received an email on Monday morning detailing the company’s intentions to provide housing for 100, 000 people over the next five years, including refugees. “Today we’re setting a goal to provide   housing over the next five years for 100, 000 people in need. We’ll start with refugees, disaster survivors, and relief workers, though we want to accommodate many more types of displaced people over time,” the company’s founders announced. “To help people around the world facing displacement, we’ll work with our community of hosts to find not just a place to stay, but also a place to feel connected, respected, and a part of a community again,” Airbnb says. “In addition, Airbnb will contribute $4 million over the course of four years to the International Rescue Committee to support the most critical needs of displaced populations globally. ” Last year, Airbnb launched a   investigation following charges of racism from black renters who took to social media and shared stories of being turned away by hosts once their race was disclosed. The hashtag “#AirbnbWhileBlack” trended online. Airbnb apologized for the   discrimination complaints and began to enact a series of   policies.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson",0
19853,Study: American Adults Having Less Sex than a Quarter of a Century Ago - Breitbart,"A new study released Tuesday shows that American adults are having less sex than a quarter of a century ago, with the biggest decline being among married people. [The study, published in the journal Archives of Sexual Behavior, showed a decline in sexual activity across gender, race, region, education level, and work status.  One of the factors for this decline is the increase in the percentage of unpartnered people, who tend to have less sex than partnered ones. But a major factor for this decline stems from a steady decline in the rate of sexual activity for people who are married or living with partners. The study found that American adults have sex seven to nine fewer times per year than in the 1990s, according to data from the General Social Survey from  . The average person used to have sex 60 to 62 times a year in the 1990s, but by 2014 that number dropped to less than 53 times per year. The drop in sexual activity among married people was even sharper, going from 73 times a year in 1990 to 55 in 2014. The frequency of sexual activity among married people was below that of unmarried people, who have sex an average of 59 times a year. The study said people who are not in couples, including those married in the past, have sex half as much as those who are. The decrease in couples backs up this claim.   Americans were living with a partner in 1986 in 2014, only 59 percent were, according to GSS data. The report listed possible factors for the decline in sexual activity, including increased access to entertainment and social media a decline in happiness among people 30 and over higher incidence of depression and use of   associated with sexual dysfunction. The study found a steady drop in sexual activity as people aged, but when comparing the same time period in each generation, it turns out that those born in the 1930s had sex the most often, while those born in the 1990s had sex the least. The sharpest decline in sexual activity was among people in their 50s, people with a college degree, people with   children, people in the South, and those who do not watch pornography, according to the study.",0
19854,Fake News Plus Fascism: New York Times Urges Boycott of Breitbart,"In two   articles for the New York Times‘ Sunday Review, the Gray Lady attacks Breitbart News and its founder, Andrew Breitbart, and encourages an effort to “destroy” the company by appealing directly to advertisers not to support the website. [One article, “How to Destroy the Business Model of Breitbart and Fake News,” written by someone actually called “Pagan Kennedy” (was “Antichrist Roosevelt” not available?) celebrates the flagging effort of anonymous Twitter trolls who have tried to target and intimidate companies whose ads appear alongside Breitbart News articles, via third party platforms.  These   censors of the totalitarian left have decided that since they cannot defeat conservative views and arguments on the merits, they would prefer to eliminate them. The Times, which prides itself as a guardian of free speech and press freedom, gives its backing to this (unsuccessful) campaign with nearly 2, 000 words of space. The article includes instructions on how to join the   effort, copied verbatim  —   “Step 1  …     Step 2  …    ”  —   from the anonymous activists’ Twitter page. And Breitbart News, the “biggest fish,” is not the last intended target: the group declares that it “would like to broaden its campaign to take on a menagerie of bad actors. ” Evidently it is very important to the Times that this failing, and   effort to censor Breitbart News be shored up, because it has allowed several embarrassing factual errors and omissions into the article which undermine both the credibility of the “Pagan” author and the   “paper of record” itself: Speaking of “fake news,” the New York Times is a prime exemplar of the genre, having manufactured several stories with the clear intent of attacking and undermining conservatives, including but not limited to Breitbart News. A few recent examples: As far as “hate” is concerned, the Times has published   by avowed terrorists like Ahmed Yousef of Hamas, the   organization that is determined to kill as many Israeli civilians as possible to achieve its genocidal aims. It has also published the work of Russian president Vladimir Putin, who is the left’s bogeyman today, but who in 2013 the Times wished to help reach a wider audience, the better to stop U. S. intervention in Syria and to attack American exceptionalism. In a second Sunday   “The Tea Party and the Art of the Mean Joke,” British travel writer Jonathan Raban concocts a twisted recollection of the Tea Party convention in Nashville in 2010 to explain, so he claims, the origins of Trump’s rhetorical style. Raban claims, erroneously, that Tea Party activists were dreaming of a politically incorrect “strongman”  —   a ridiculous and false claim, given the ambivalence of the Tea Party movement about political leaders in general (even their own). He goes on to claim that Trump “inherited the mantle of speaking in public like a   barfly from the man who turned out to be the star of the Nashville show: Andrew Breitbart, founder of the eponymous   media outlet. ” Evidently Trump’s long public record has eluded Raban, who argues that Trump learned his craft from Breitbart: “The   has the blunt pugnacity of the Breitbartian style. Like his tweets, his policy statements have the brutal concision of jokes. ” Raban goes on to compare Trump  —   and, by implication, Breitbart  —   to a Latin American dictator: “I once heard Jorge Luis Borges talk about how dictators relished cruel jokes as demonstrations of their power,” he says, relishing this bit of recalled armchair political philosophy as some kind of proof. In fact, in his lifetime  —   as Trump’s many detractors were wont to point out during the election  —   Andrew Breitbart had criticized Trump at times. (One area where Trump earned Andrew Breitbart’s praise: his ability to see through the media’s pretenses.) But again, never mind the facts. Raban describes Breitbart as a “  bully,” exactly inverting Breitbart’s character. Andrew stood up to bullies, and relished nothing more than confronting the bullies in the mainstream media  —   such as propagandists like Raban, who descend from upon high to pour scorn on the little people of Nashville,   their naïve effort at   democracy as a kind of nascent fascism, making up fake historical “facts” they expect no one will dare to challenge. Six years later, the little people of Nashville have finally won something, and the New York Times cannot stomach its loss. So it has attacked Breitbart News in an attempt to “destroy” it. There is no greater accolade than to be considered the Times‘ greatest enemy. But one expects something more effective  —   and more principled  —   from such a formerly august institution. Sadly, the Times has decided to go the fascist route, urging the destruction of its most effective conservative competitor, using “fake news” to make the case for censorship to its credulous   readership. It is an effort as illiberal as it is futile. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can’t Handle, is available from Regnery through Amazon. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
19855,"Facebook Blocks Ad Blockers, but It Strives to Make Ads More Relevant - The New York Times","SAN FRANCISCO  —   Digital ads pop up online so frequently and ubiquitously that many people are using software to block them. But if you try to stop ads from showing up on Facebook’s desktop website, you will now be out of luck: The social network has found a way to block the ad blockers. On Tuesday, Facebook flipped a switch on its desktop website that essentially renders all ad blockers  —   the programs that prevent websites from displaying ads on the page when a user visits the site  —   useless. The change allows the Silicon Valley company to serve ads on its desktop site even to people who have   software installed and running. “Disruptive ads are an industry problem, and the rise of ad blockers is a strong signal that people just don’t want to see them,” Andrew Bosworth, vice president for Facebook’s ads and business platform, said in an interview. “But ad blockers are a really bad solution to that. ” Facebook’s move is set to add to a furious debate about the ethics of ad blocking. On one hand, many digital ads are a nuisance  —   they slow loading times of web pages and detract from the online experience. Yet the ads also serve as the business foundation for many digital publishers to provide content to readers. Ad blockers have become a threat to publishers including The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal, which are facing declining advertising revenue. About 200 million people worldwide use   software on their desktop computers, according to estimates from PageFair, an     . An additional 420 million use ad blockers on their smartphones, the company said. Several digital publishers, including Wired, Forbes and The Times, have begun experimenting with    techniques, including asking visitors who use ad blockers to “whitelist” their sites so that ads may still appear. “We need to spell this out clearly to our users. The journalism they enjoy costs real money and needs to be paid for,” Mark Thompson, president and chief executive of The Times, said at an ad industry conference in June where he addressed ad blocking. “Advertising is a vital part of the revenue mix. ” Mr. Bosworth of Facebook said ad blockers were “certainly bad for the publications who are robbed of half of the value exchange between users and publishers. ” But rather than blocking all ads, he said, Facebook needed to find a way to serve better ads. Facebook’s move is perhaps the strongest    measure taken by a major technology company, especially one that serves advertising to more than 1. 7 billion monthly users globally. The effort is risky for the company, which prides itself on delivering the best user experience, because it could alienate some people for whom ad blocking is an ideological stance on how they wish to gain access to the internet. To shut down the blockers, Facebook is taking aim at the signifiers in digital ads that blockers use to detect whether something is an ad. Facebook’s desktop sitewide changes will then make ad content indistinguishable from   content. For blockers to get around these changes, Facebook said they would have to begin analyzing the content of the ads themselves, a costly and laborious process. Still, Facebook will continue to let people have some control over the ads they do and do not see. On Tuesday, the company also introduced an overhauled version of its ad preferences tool, which lets people opt out of seeing certain types of ads on the site. That will help Facebook serve more relevant ads, rather than bombard people with ads they do not want. “We want people to help us do a better job with ads, rather than to fundamentally alter the way the service is rendered,” Mr. Bosworth said. The move against ad blockers on the desktop site will not affect blockers used to access Facebook on a mobile web browser, the company said. It will also not apply to Facebook’s mobile apps, which already include advertising that cannot be blocked by outside programs. Facebook did not announce plans to expand the changes to mobile browsers in the future. Executives in the   industry denounced Facebook’s decision, calling it a misguided waste of time that would harm the social network’s members. “It takes a dark path against user choice,” Ben Williams, communications and operations manager at Eyeo G. m. b. H. the company behind AdBlock Plus, wrote in a blog post after Facebook announced the change. The move also stoked the ire of those who support ad blockers because of their ability to prevent the use of tracking software, which is often employed to monitor users’ browsing habits across the web without their knowledge or express consent. But the advertising industry welcomed the change. “Facebook should be applauded for its leadership on preserving a vibrant value exchange with its users,” Randall Rothenberg, president and chief executive of the Interactive Advertising Bureau, said in a statement. “For hundreds of years, advertising and marketing have been central to the delivery of entertainment and services that are otherwise free to consumers. ” For Facebook, which is a member of the I. A. B. advertising forms the core of its business. The company generated $3. 69 billion in profit on $17. 93 billion in revenue in 2015, a majority of which came from paid advertising. In its most recent quarter, Facebook said mobile ads produced 84 percent of ad revenue. One of Facebook’s biggest advertisers recently called into question the effectiveness of some of the company’s ads. On Tuesday, Procter  Gamble told The Wall Street Journal it was scaling back on hypertargeted ad campaigns on the social network. A P. G. spokeswoman said the company would not be spending less money on overall Facebook ads. “Facebook has a history of going out of their way to keep advertisers happy,” said Ian Schafer, founder and chief executive of Deep Focus, an ad agency. “This plays into what advertisers demand in terms of accountability for publishers. ” Others said that Facebook was striking a middle ground by stopping ad blockers but still giving people some options over what ads they would see. “Many users rely on ad blockers because they are concerned about privacy or malware,” said Jules Polonetsky, chief executive of the Future of Privacy Forum, an industry think tank that is funded in part by tech companies, including Facebook. “Facebook’s change lets users continue to use ad blockers to protect themselves, while ensuring ads are displayed. ”",0
19856,"A Defeated Obama Condescendingly Mocks Winner Trump, Says ‘He Can’t Keep Campaign Promises’","  A Defeated Obama Condescendingly Mocks Winner Trump, Says ‘He Can’t Keep Campaign Promises’ Obama scolded his Republican successor for believing he can deliver on his campaign promises. 'I think that he successfully mobilized a big chunk of the country to vote for him,' Obama told reporters.   Barack Obama delivered a series of patronizing backhanded compliments to President-Elect Donald Trump on Monday during a lengthy White House press conference conducted before his final trip abroad as America’s leader. While he praised Trump for pulling off ‘one of the biggest political upsets in history,’ Obama scolded his Republican successor for believing he can deliver on his campaign promises . ‘I think that he successfully mobilized a big chunk of the country to vote for him,’ Obama told reporters. But ‘regardless of what experience or assumptions he brought to the office, this office has a way of waking you up.’‘And those aspects of his positions or predispositions that don’t match up with reality, he will find shaken up pretty quick. Because reality has a way of asserting itself.’ Trump campaigned on an no-holds-barred agenda of dismantling much of Obama’s agenda including immigration reforms put in place without congressional input, a widely criticized Iranian nuclear deal and an Obamacare system whose pilings have grown shaky. But the president suggested the billionaire’s poetic rallies can never jive with Washington’s messier prose. ‘I think it’ll be important for him to have the room, to staff up, to figure out what his priorities are, to be able to distinguish between what he was campaigning on and what is practical – what he can actually achieve,’ Obama cautioned. ‘You know, there are certain things that made for good good soundbites, but don’t always translate into good policy. And that’s something that he and his team will wrestle with in the same way every president wrestles with.’ Ultimately, Obama hinted , he believes Trump is more a realist than a principled conservative – despite connecting with a previously disengaged voting base on the strength of broad promises.  ",0
19857,"A Fifth Clinton Presidency? Hill, No!", ,0
19858,"James Ellroy’s “American Tabloid” – Film, Literature and the New World Order","Corbett • 11/22/2016 
This month on Film, Literature and the New World Order, James is joined by Prof CJ of the Dangerous History podcast to explore James Ellroy’s “American Tabloid.” What do you get when you have a novel with fictional FBI/CIA/Mafia/Anti-Castro Cuban stooges embroiled in a years-long mess that ends up with the assassination of the president? A more plausible scenario than 99% of the documentaries and books out there on the subject, that’s what. Find out more in this edition of FLNWO. 
CLICK HERE for the mp3 audio and show notes for this podcast",0
19859,"Japan, US, S.Korea Deputy FMs to Discuss N.Korea Nuclear Issue Thursday","North Korea Rocket Launch Plans ( 71 ) 0 15 0 0 Deputy foreign ministers of Japan, South Korea and the United States will hold trilateral talks in Tokyo on Thursday to discuss the hot-button issue of North Korea's nuclear and missile threats. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The negotiations will bring together US Deputy Secretary of State Antony Blinken, South Korean First Vice Foreign Minister Lim Sung-nam and his Japanese counterpart Shinsuke Sugiyama. © AP Photo/ Ahn Young-joon US, Japan Push to Fortify Alliances Amid Threat Posed by North Korea 
According to the US State Department, the deputy-level talks will focus on cooperation on a range of regional security and global issues, including North Korea's nuclear threat, in particular, its ballistic missile programs . ""They will discuss the international community’s efforts to hold North Korea accountable for its destabilizing behavior, including its January 6 and September 9 nuclear tests and litany of ballistic missile launches, which constitute flagrant violations of UN Security Council resolutions,"" the State Department said. © REUTERS/ KCNA US Spy Chief: Asking North Korea To Stop Nuke Program a ‘Lost Cause’ 
According to media reports, later this year, Japan, South Korea and China are likely to hold a tripartite summit between late November and early December, with North Korea's nuclear and missile development high on the agenda. 
In 2005, North Korea declared itself a nuclear power. So far, it has conducted five underground nuclear tests — in 2006, 2009, 2013 and 2016, raising concerns of both the neighboring states and the international community. Pyongyang's cites prospective aggression from South Korea and its major ally, Washington, as the reason for North Korean nuclear program development. 
Pyongyang is currently under pressure from the international community since its latest nuclear test in September and a long-range rocket launch in February, which resulted in tightening sanctions against North Korea in the new UN Security Council resolution in March. ...",0
19860,Trump Puts a Presidential-Size Spotlight on His Brand - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump’s Saturday started with a trip to the Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, Va. By Saturday night, on one of the few weekends since the inauguration that Mr. Trump remained in Washington, the president was dining at the Trump International Hotel a few blocks from the White House. He was greeted by   as he entered and exited the hotel’s steakhouse restaurant, BLT Prime by David Burke, with his daughter and   . On Sunday morning, Mr. Trump was once again at the family’s Virginia golf course. For Mr. Trump, it was just another weekend with a   spotlight on his family’s business outlets, a pattern that started during his transition when he drew international attention to the Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, N. J. by interviewing potential cabinet picks there. Saturday’s stops marked the eighth weekend in a row  —   out of the 10 weekends he has been in office  —   that Mr. Trump has visited a   property, including his    resort in Palm Beach. White House officials have said Mr. Trump goes to his clubs and restaurants because he is comfortable there, but critics increasingly argue that the visits are priceless advertising and that Mr. Trump and his family are using the presidency as a way to enrich themselves. “It is normal for presidents to get out  —   and it can be a boost for small businesses across the city and the country,” said Robert Weissman, the president of Public Citizen, a liberal nonprofit group. “But with President Trump, he spends his down time as a walking advertisement for his businesses. It is a major departure from historic norm and degradation of the office. ” Eric Trump, in an interview this month, disputed any suggestion that his father’s visits to family properties represented a conflict of interest. But he agreed that the Trump Organization’s assets  —   from    where interest in memberships has surged, to its golf courses  —   were doing well. “The stars have all aligned,” said Eric Trump, during a recent news conference in Washington to promote the upcoming Senior PGA Championship tournament at the Trump National Golf Course in Sterling, Va. Memorial Day weekend. (He did not mention his father by name.) As executive vice president of the Trump Organization, he oversees its 16 owned or operated golf courses around the world. “I think our brand is the hottest it has ever been. ” The president has now made three visits to the Trump National Golf Club. . Tickets to the event are being sold as Mr. Trump is pushing the golf course into the spotlight, with reporters and photographers in tow on Saturday for a daylong visit. On Sunday shortly after 11 a. m. with reporters placed at the complex’s indoor tennis center, Mr. Trump made a quick visit to the club for what White House officials said were three meetings. By noon Mr. Trump was headed back to Washington. Photos of Mr. Trump surfaced on social media on Saturday and Sunday that appeared to show him in golf shoes and out on the golf course on Saturday, and then sitting at the golf club, during his short visit Sunday, watching a game of golf on television. The New York Times confirmed, via   tools, that the items were posted Sunday from the Trump National Golf Club. But the White House officials did not respond when asked about the photographs, and would not confirm whether Mr. Trump played golf. The warm welcome Mr. Trump received Saturday night at the Trump hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue offered a hint of why Mr. Trump may visit his family’s establishments so often: He is almost guaranteed the kind of enthusiastic crowd he would never find at Camp David, the presidential retreat in Maryland’s Catoctin Mountains. “Keep up the good work!” one man shouted after Mr. Trump wrapped up his dinner at the hotel on Saturday. “Thank you, Donald! Thank you, Trump!” another man yelled. Mr. Trump arrived shortly after 9 p. m.  —   a reporter from The Times was already having dinner at the hotel’s only restaurant  —   and walked through the lobby’s expansive atrium and into the restaurant, BLT Prime.   guests turned to one another in disbelief. A man shouting Mr. Trump’s name had to be quieted by hotel security. Mr. Trump, his daughter Ivanka Trump and his    Jared Kushner, were led to the   mezzanine, which looks out onto the vast lobby. Hotel guests leaned over the railings of the upper floors to gawk at the president sitting down for a family dinner. Mr. Trump has a particular preference for steaks, well done and with ketchup, although the restaurant would not confirm what he dined on Saturday night. The meal went on for more than two hours, even as guests had stopped eating and had turned around simply to watch Mr. Trump. One diner sitting a few feet from the Trump party said the president had interrupted his meal several times to allow   to greet him. Members of the Secret Service took over a table on the first floor and ordered drinks while waiting for the president to conclude his meal. Right above them, Mr. Trump’s personal security guard, Keith Schiller, patrolled the mezzanine level while chatting and joking with guests. “We ate slowly,” said John Nix, who was having dinner at BLT Prime with his wife and three children on their final night at the hotel, which he said they had found on TripAdvisor. The family was visiting Washington from Columbus, Ga. to see sights and visit colleges, and had made a reservation for the restaurant a month before. As the two hours passed, hotel guests who had been at the bar and waiting in the lobby formed a long line, hoping to meet the president as he left. Mr. Trump happily obliged. Around 11:30 p. m. he and Ms. Trump worked the crowd, which included a teenager in a red “Make America Great Again” hat and a young girl asleep on the shoulders of her parents. Screams then gave way to dozens of people chanting “U. S. A.! U. S. A. !” A few minutes later, Mr. Trump disappeared into his motorcade for the short ride home.",0
19861,The Clintons’ original email scandal: One million lost emails in re Monica and Filegate,"Print 
It’s funny how Clinton scandals always seem to get covered up by a loss of emails. Hillary’s current email scandal is not the first time this has happened to her or her hubby. During Bill Clinton’s tenure in the White House, a “glitch” (or person) turned off an automatic email archiving system causing the loss of around one million emails . The emails that just “happened” to disappear were the same ones Kenneth Starr was subpoenaing for the Monica Lewinsky scandal and that Congress was asking for in its investigation of “Filegate.” 
Also coincidentally, the lost emails were from the server that controlled the email accounts of President Clinton and other potential witnesses in the above scandal. The people who discovered the emails were missing were threatened with jail if they spoke about the loss. 
According to the House Oversight Committee report released in December 2000: 
The White House installed an Automated Records Management System (ARMS) to store all email correspondence in one central place, and make it easier to respond to document subpoenas. Due to a misconfiguration in the system, e-mail to about 500 White House officials was never recorded. E-mail was first discovered missing in January 1998, but the extent of the problem was not realized until later that year. 
Top White House officials were notified in June. Despite the fact that e-mail was being subpoenaed in a number of civil and criminal cases, including the Lewinsky affair and the Filegate scandal, the White House did not notify investigators that some of it was missing. In mid-February 2000, the ex-chief of White House computer operations, Sheryl Hall who had moved to the Treasury Dept. came forward with allegations that Clinton administration officials were involved in an e-mail cover-up. Betty Lambuth, working for a private employer under contract to the White House, charged that White House technicians had been threatened with loss of job, arrest, and jail if they revealed the problem. 
The White House later said the problem was resulted from an“unintentional ‘glitch’ and blamed it on ‘human error,’ attributing the problem to a ‘disconnect’ between technicians and lawyers who, apparently, did not realize that the computer mistake might have an effect on the pending subpoena requests.” 
Betty Lambuth, who worked for CEXEC, a subcontractor for Northrop-Grumman that ran and maintained the White House computer system, heard about the missing emails from one of her subordinates, Robert Haas. Hass audited the White House system in June 1998 because he and other technicians discovered that automated archiving system wasn’t scanning and storing Internet email sent to the server used by the Executive Office of the President. Lambuth testified under oath, that when she informed the White House, Office of Administration counsel Mark Lindsay told her, ”If I or any of my team who knew about the email problem told anyone else about it we would lose our jobs, be arrested and put in jail.” 
She said Lindsay specified that she was not to tell even her private-sector boss, Steve Hawkins, who she said eventually removed her from her White House assignment when she refused to tell him about the e-mail problem. Lambuth said she and her co-workers dubbed the e-mail problem ”Project X,” [as a joking reference to the TV show “The X Files”] and because of the threats, she and her staff took to meeting in a park close to the New Executive Office Building and in a nearby Starbucks when discussing the matter. 
Lambuth also told the court , a subordinate told her some of the emails deal with “Vice President Al Gore’s involvement in campaign fund-raising controversies” and “the sale of Clinton Commerce Department trade mission seats in exchange for campaign contributions.” The subordinate also told her the emails also contained “information on the White House’s improper gathering of FBI background files of long-ago Republican appointees and the Monica S. Lewinsky scandal” 
A Northrop Grumman official, Joseph Vasta, testified that the Clinton-Gore White House intimidated the email contractor, into participating in the e-mail cover-up. “Vasta testified that it was made apparent that Northrop Grumman could lose its $50 million contract if it didn’t play ball with the Clinton-Gore White House.” 
Not all of the White House emails were lost– just the ones on the Mail2 server. The officials served by the Mail2 server included Doris Matsui, Marsha Scott, Sidney Blumenthal, Cheryl Mills, Bruce Lindsey, Erskine Bowles, Rahm Emanuel, Nancy Hernreich, John Podesta, Ira Magaziner, Ann Lewis, Charles Ruff, Lanny Breuer, Paul Begala, and President Clinton. 
If some of those names sound familiar, they should. People such as Sid Blumenthal and Cheryl Mills have been questioned as part of the present Clinton email scandal, and John Podesta is running Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign. 
Bruce Lindsey, now the Chairman of the Board of the Clinton Foundation, was the foundation’s CEO from 2003 to 2013 during Hillary Clinton’s term as secretary of state which, according to Peter Schweizer’s best-selling book “Clinton Cash,” was a time when the foundation and the State Department were involved in cronyism. 
As far as the historic documents and reports remaining on the web, news about “Project X” began to fade in October 2000 as the country approached the presidential election – perhaps, because liberal media were trying to protect then-Vice President Al Gore as he campaigned for a promotion (which sounds like the current Clinton email case, where the lefty media are doing their best to cover up the scandal). Betty Lambuth even testified that some of the missing emails involved possible Gore campaign fund-raising controversies. 
Additionally neither the documents examined nor a subsequent internet search, turned up any mention that the Project X emails dealing with the possible Bill Clinton White House scandals have have ever been recovered and turned over to the national archives. 
From Bill Clinton’s Project X to Hillary Clinton’s private server scandal, losing large volumes of important emails seems to run in the family.",0
19862,Unprecedented Bond Dumping Means U.S. Dollar Collapse Ahead,"in: Collapse , Economy & Business , Multimedia In the following interview, Elijah Johnson and Silver Doctors bring you the latest interview with someone we haven’t heard from in a while, Dr. Jim Willie. To begin the financial portion of the interview, Elijah begins by asking Dr. Willie about the unprecedented bond dumping by China and Saudi Arabia, and of course what Elijah is referring to is how several weeks ago the markets witnessed never before seen numbers when $28 billion in U.S. Treasuries were dumped one week, followed by another $23 billion a week or so later. 
Consider the massive sell-off’s just further evidence in a long line of existing examples regarding why the days of the U.S. Dollar as the World Reserve Currency are numbered. Our creditors are aware that the Fed has been engaged in non-stop printing of money out of thin air, and even though the short-term effect has been the propping up of U.S. Treasury prices, our creditors know history, something Americans seems to pay no attention to. Our creditors know that just like other countries who have engaged in the same kinds of reckless monetary policy in the past, eventually when the QE (printing money out of thin air), is removed, hyperinflation will set in, and there will be massive devaluation of the same Treasuries that were artificially propped up for so long. Most creditors expect the QE to be shut off the moment this U.S. election is over, because unlike uninformed American voters, our creditors know that In addition to his role in allowing the largest case of massive voter fraud in America history to take place on his watch, Captain Transparency in the White House has made sure his loyal servant at the Fed, Janet Yellen, has continued committing massive financial fraud at the Fed at the same time. All of these actions by the U.S. result in what Dr. Willie refers to as psychological damage not just to the full faith and credit of the United States Dollar, but to the United States itself. Creditors of U.S. debt are watching a never before seen transition in the U.S. to a system of pure corruption, undermining ANY faith they might have had in the Dollar, and giving them every reason in the world to want to distance them from the U.S. Dollar. Dr. Willie explains that any “perceived” moral authority the U.S. once might have had is long gone. Among other things, the world learned not long ago through a shocking revelation by Wikileaks that Obama and Hillary not only knew of funds being used to provide ISIS (our enemy), with weapons during a time of war, the world has now seen that Barack Obama and Hillary allowed it. With almost a week until the official election we have heard tremendous stories of voter fraud including stories revealing as many as 20/20 examples of machines switching votes from Trump to Hillary, we know the polls have been massively rigged, and thanks to a national media as corrupt and dishonest and those they are tasked with watching over, Dr. Willie briefly mentions millennials who were recently highlighted on the Steven Colbert show expressing their excitement that Obamacare premiums are doubling in some states. The level of stupidity that is coming out of liberal indoctrination centers known as public schools or universities, where graduates have no ability to exercise critical thinking skills, is exactly why 20% college graduates are now living with their parents or grandparents, and Michael Snyder explains below. Expect that number to keep climbing considerably, particularly with a Clinton Presidency. Michael Snyder writes: In America today, more than 60 million people live in multi-generational households. That number is so large that it may seem difficult to believe, but the truth is that vast numbers of young adults have had to move back in with their parents and grandparents in recent years due to the deteriorating economy . Millions of our young people cannot find decent jobs once they leave school, and millions of them are absolutely overwhelmed by debt. Of course some of them are just lazy, but whatever the reason it is undeniable that multi-generational households are on the rise. According to the Pew Research Center , 12 percent of the U.S. population was living in multi-generational households back in 1980. Today, that number is up to 19 percent. That means nearly one out of every five U.S. adults now live with their parents or their grandparents. One of the big culprits, of course, is student loan debt.",0
19863,Kansas Rally Against Campus Carry Draws 15 People,"Photographs show that a Wichita State University rally against campus carry drew 15 people on Tuesday, counting the speaker. [The rally was in support of proposed legislation that would undo campus carry for   citizens, forcing said citizens to wander the campus defenseless like everybody else.  According to KMUW, “a small group” of students and staff rallied the Rhatigan Student Center. Their motto was “Carry Minds, Not Guns. ” Freshman Ian Englebright said campus carry “creates more problems than solutions. ” He said lawmakers who supported guns for   “think that by having concealed carry on this campus they’re making it safer, when in fact, I feel more uncomfortable because I don’t know if the person next to me has a gun or not. ” The 15 person rally at Wichita State was designed to pressure lawmakers into adopting a revision of the state’s campus carry law. That revision would allow colleges and universities to opt out of campus carry, creating a situation like we currently see in Ohio, where campus carry is legal at the state level but barred by every college and university because some students get nervous when   citizens are armed for  . For example, Ohio State University president Michael Drake is against campus carry. And even after 11 people were hospitalized following the November 28 car and knife attack attack on the Ohio State campus, Drake voiced his opposition for allowing   students to be armed to fight back. He said, “We had a circumstance here where there was someone who was a threat to the community and he was neutralized by a professional within one minute and that would be how we think things should go. ” The legislative change sought in Kansas would result in numerous colleges and universities taking a similar position, mandating that students remain defenseless in the classroom and simply dial 911 then shelter in place while law enforcement responds. This is the type of plan that was followed on April 16, 2007, when 32 unarmed people were shot to death on Virginia Tech’s   campus. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.  ",0
19864,Topless Protesters Arrested At Trump’s Polling Station,"Topless Protesters Arrested At Trump’s Polling Station 11/08/2016 
DAILY CALLER 
The polling station where Republican candidate Donald Trump plans to vote Tuesday morning in New York was crashed by angry, shirtless protesters. 
Two topless female protesters entered the New York City polling station, disturbing voters and chanting. The women were reportedly saying “Trump, grab your balls!” in reference to the leaked audio of his lewd conversation with Billy Bush from 2005. 
The protesters had “Femen USA” painted on their backs. Femen is a mostly-European, extreme feminist activist group, increasingly spreading in the United States. 
“I can assure you sure that once American women are trained and ready to act as Femen, every place of gender injustice, every representative of patriarchal culture, will be a target of Femen USA,” one activist told The Daily Beast .",0
19865,Most Russians wan to ignore criticism from the West,"Most Russians wan to ignore criticism from the West 08.11.2016 | Source: AP photo One should not pay much attention to the criticism of Russia that comes from the West, more than half of Russians (59%) said in a recent opinion poll conducted by Levada Center, Interfax reports.The West perceives Russia as a competitor in an attempt to weaken the Russian Federation, 43% of respondents said. Thirty-five percent of respondents said that the criticism of the West was hostile. Every fourth (25%) respondent believes that Western critics often criticize Russia for what they should be criticized themselves . Every fifth respondent (21%) said that Europe and the US have little understanding of life in Russia, ""but they still want to teach us.""Critical remarks against Russia from Western countries are not worthy of attention, 30% of respondents said. The survey was conducted on October 21-24 among 1,600 people in 137 settlements of Russia.The majority of respondents 74% noted that the West wants to weaken and humiliate Russia by tightening sanctions against the country. According to 13 percent of respondent, the sanctions were imposed on Russia in an attempt to restore the geopolitical balance after Russia reunited with the Crimea. Another five percent believe that the sanctions policy of the West is aimed at ending the war in the east of Ukraine, while eight percent were undecided.At the same time, opinion polls conducted in the last days of October showed an increase in the ratings of the president and the government. The survey showed that the approval rating of the president rose from 78.7 to 81.8% from August to October. Positive assessments of the government's work increased from 53.6 to 58.3%.The Russian parliament's approval rating rose from 39.7% in September to 45.5%.Russia's armed forces have the support of 83.5% of the Russian population. The figure has doubled in ten years - from 44% in October 2006. Pravda.Ru Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru Russians name their main enemies",0
19866,Why Muslims Hold the Biggest Human Gathering under the Threat of ISIS in Iraq?,"Visiting Aba Abd-Allah is a good evidence of esteeming and honoring the divine rituals, and display love and friendship with prophet's household, according to the Quranic verse of ""Mavaddat"". 4 Shares
3 0 0 1
Presenting and attendance million of Shias at Arbaeen, create a massive and international unity among Shias. This capacity can be useful for huge cultural action.
""Mashrigh"" and ""Tasnim"" report that different religions ever require their followers to attend in specific days in the year for solidarity and correlation between followers to identify the social stream. This kind of attendance is a good publicity of that social stream, and influences the international community.
Easter, the Christians religious day
For example Christians celebrate ""Easter"" as the most important religious day with a long history every year.
 This day is a holiday in Christian’s calendar, and followers of Jesus Christ hold various ceremonies and celebration in the church.
MORE... The 10th Day’s new campaign – community-building and social solidarity Shia Muslims gather in DC for anti-terror rally Letting freedom ring: How Islam’s universal message continues to speak through Imam Husayn ibn Ali The Jews carnival “Purim”
""Purim"" is a great religious festival in Jewish religion. Jews have named the fourteenth and fifteenth day of Adar in Hebrew calendar ""Purim”, and celebrate it.
Jews hold celebration in ""Synagogue"" with reading the book ""Esther"". After ceremonies, children and youth wear the colorful clothes and masks, and launch the carnival of joy in occupied Palestine territories and Jewish cities. This ceremony is advertised extensively by the Jewish dictatorial media..
But Muslims...
About 5.5 million Muslims from all over the world travel to Mecca, Saudi Arabia in ""Hajj days"" and perform Hajj. But "" Pure Mohammadi Islam"" and ""Alavi education"" is not advertised and explained properly in Hajj because of the restrictive policy of Saudi regime.
Imam Reza, peace be upon him, stated: If the beauty of Islam is heard by others, they all will follow wholeheartedly the prophet's household inevitably.
""Arbaeen"", golden opportunity
Attending million of Shias in Arbaeen create a massive and international unity among Shias .
Karbala can be a ""symbol"" of unity and allegiance to Imam, that has the ""world's effects"". The start of Husseini Magnetic Attraction is in ""Arbaeen"". This is the magnetic that exists in my and your heart over the centuries.
So if we can't publish the Shia massage efficiently in Hajj, we can universalize it in Shia glorious presence in the Husseini massive rally.
In fact the Hajj pilgrimage for Imam Hussein followers is in Karbala, their try between Safa and Marvah in the "" Beyn Al-Haramain"", and their ""Ihram clothes"" is the ""mourning clothes for Aba Abd-Allah"".
Walking to shrines is topical
Imam Hassan Askari, peace be upon him, mentioned that one of the real believer's sign is walking to visit Imam Hussein in Arbaeen.
Imam Sadigh, peace be upon him, told to one of his followers: Visit Imam Hussein's shrine, and don't give it up. I asked: What is the reward for visiting him? Imam –pbuh- stated: When you walk to visit Imam Hussein, Allah gives you a reward and removes your guilt, and raises your grade.
At the other time, Imam Sadigh said: If someone goes out of his home and walks to visit Imam Hussein's shrine, Allah gives him a reward and removes him guilt for each step to visit Aba Abd-Allah, when he reaches to shrine, Allah considers him among righteous favorites. When his rites finish, Allah registers him among success, when he is coming back an angel of God stays on him and tells: The messenger of Allah says Hello and gives tidings to you that all your faults are forgiven, start again your actions.
Walking tradition has an old history.
In a way, walking tradition for Imam Hussein in Arbaien has an old history. Walking to visit Karbala was customary at Sheikh
Ansary's time. But it was forgotten for a long time. It revives again by ""Sheikh Mirza Hussein Noori"". He walked to visit Aba Abd-Allah in 1319 (Hegira) for the last time.
Although visiting Imam Hussein s shrine was often difficult, and pilgrims were not safe and secure, but they were willing to take risks and had an audience to Imam Hussein in Arbaeen.
Islamic life style
At that time with full of great interest and knowledge, in the way ""Hussein path"" that leads to Karbala, Shias called each other just with ""Hussein visitors"" (zayer Al-Hussein), or ""Hussein server"" (khadem Ol-Hussein), that is a symbol of Islamic life style.
Pilgrims of this holy and spiritual journey have a lot of blessing and gifts from God, such as: the nice spiritual state with ""holy Sayyed Al-Shohada"" - generous dealing with pilgrims entertaining and receiving by Hussein servers- sacrificing and respecting for each other- treating elders and sayyeds kindly and considerately- visiting the Imam Hussein's holy shrine in Arbaeen.
Role and place of Imam Hussein's visitors
Visiting Aba Abd-Allah is a good evidence of esteeming and honoring the divine rituals, and display love and friendship with prophet's household, according to the Quranic verse of ""Mavaddat"".
Imam Hussein's holy shrine visitors enter into heaven before all, their guilt is disappeared, their life will be long, and God provides for them and removes their sadness and sorrow.
Of course if this old tradition that is established again after destruction of Iraqi dictator, not to be cultural pathology, it will certainly have the negative effects.
Because every phenomenon is threatened, it seems if this pilgrimage tradition becomes a primer to the cultural work, it will be more effective and blessings than today.",0
19867,Election 2016 - Prediction Of Things To Come,"Written by Daniel McAdams   We know that one of the major candidates will win today's presidential election. We don't know which one. But we do have a few predictions for what will change and what will stay the same regardless of who wins. Foreign policy - will it change? How about Congress - will they finally begin standing up to their Constitutional obligations? The Supreme Court - is the next nominee so important and what Congress can do. In today's Liberty Report we balance our cynicism with a solid dose of silver lining in discussing what to look for in the immediate future: Copyright © 2016 by RonPaul Institute. Permission to reprint in whole or in part is gladly granted, provided full credit and a live link are given.",0
19868,15 Foods High In Folic Acid,"in: General Health There are a number of reasons it’s important to get adequate amounts of folic acid. Perhaps most importantly are cellular growth and regeneration. A recent article from the New York Times fingered folic acid as one of the most, “luscious micronutrients” available and multiple studies suggest a lack of folic acid may lead to mental conditions such as depression. Folic acid allows the body to perform many essential functions including nucleotide biosynthesis in cells, DNA synthesis and repair, red blood cell creation, and prevention of anemia. Folic acid, also known as vitamin B9, is well known for its application in the prevention of fetal deformities, Alzheimer’s disease, and several types of cancer. Fortunately, there are many foods that are naturally rich sources of folic acid. Folic Acid vs. Folate While folic acid and folate are often marketed as one and the same, their metabolic effects can be quite different. Folate is the bioavailable, natural form of vitamin B9 found in a variety of plant and animal foods. Folic acid, while readily utilized by the body, is the synthetic form of the vitamin, often found in supplements and fortified foods. The body is more adept at using folate and will regulate healthy levels by releasing excess through the urine. Foods with Folate (AKA Folic Acid Although Slightly Different) 1. Dark Leafy Greens It should come as no surprise that one of the planet’s healthiest foods is also one of the highest in folate. For an immediate boost in folic acid, consider adding more spinach, collard greens, kale, turnip greens and romaine lettuce into your daily diet. Just one large plate of these delicious leafy greens can provide you with almost all of your daily needs for folate. Spinach — 1 cup = 263 mcg of folate (65% DV) Collard Greens — 1 cup = 177 mcg of folate (44% DV) Turnip Greens — 1 cup = 170 mcg of folate (42% DV) Mustard Greens — 1 cup = 103 mcg of folate (26% DV) Romaine Lettuce — 1 cup = 76 mcg of folate (19% DV) 2. Asparagus This woody treat is perhaps one of the most nutrient dense foods with folic acid out of the entire vegetable kingdom. Eating just one cup of boiled asparagus will give you 262 mcg of folic acid, which accounts for approximately 65% of your daily needs. Not only is asparagus a delicious snack, but it’s also full of nutrients your body craves, including Vitamin K, Vitamin C, Vitamin A, and Manganese. 3. Broccoli Not only is broccoli one of the best detox foods you can eat, it’s also a great source for folic acid. Just one cup of broccoli will provide you with approximately 24% of your daily folic acid needs, not to mention a whole host of other important nutrients. We recommend eating organic broccoli raw or lightly steamed. 4. Citrus Fruits Many fruits contain folic acid, but citrus fruits rank the highest. Oranges are an especially rich source of folic acid. One orange holds about 50 mcg, and a large glass of juice may contain even more. Other folate-rich fruits include papaya, grapefruit, grapes, banana, cantaloupe and strawberries. Here is a short list of fruits high in folic acid. Papaya — One papaya = 115 mcg of folate (29% DV) Oranges — One orange = 40 mcg of folate (10% DV) Grapefruit — One grapefruit = 30 mcg of folate (8% DV) Strawberries — 1 cup = 25 mcg of folate (6.5% DV) Raspberries — 1 cup = 14 mcg of folate (4% DV) 5. Beans, Peas and Lentils Beans and peas especially high in folic acid include pinto beans, lima beans, green peas, black-eyed peas and kidney beans. A small bowl of any type of lentils will give you the majority of your recommended daily amounts of folate. Here is a short list of which beans have the most folic acid. Lentils — 1 cup = 358 mcg of folate (90% DV) Pinto Beans — 1 cup = 294 mcg of folate (74% DV) Garbanzo Beans — 1 cup = 282 mcg of folate (71% DV) Black Beans — 1 cup = 256 mcg of folate (64% DV) Navy Beans — 1 cup = 254 mcg of folate (64% DV) Kidney Beans — 1 cup = 229 mcg of folate (57% DV) Lima Beans — 1 cup = 156 mcg of folate (39% DV) Split Peas — 1 cup = 127 mcg of folate (32% DV) Green Peas — 1 cup = 101 mcg of folate (25% DV) Green Beans — 1 cup = 42 mcg of folate (10% DV) 6. Avocado The most beloved vegetable of Mexican fare, the butter pear, or avocado, holds up to 90mcg of folate per cup, which accounts for appoximately 22% of your daily needs. Not only are avocados one of the best foods with folic acid, but it’s also an excellent source of fatty acids, vitamin K and dietary fiber. Adding them to sandwiches or salads will make for an extra-healthy treat. 7. Okra The world’s slimiest veggie is also one of the most nutrient rich. Okra has the distinct ability to simultaneously offer vitamins and minerals while cleansing the entire digestive tract from toxic build-up. When it comes to folate, Okra is a great source. Just one cup of cooked okra will give you approximately 37 mcg of folic acid. 8. Brussels Sprout While brussels sprouts probably isn’t your favorite vegetable, there is no denying that they are one of the best foods for folic acid. Eating one cup of boiled brussels sprouts will give you approximately 25% of your daily recommended amount. Brussels sprouts are also high in vitamin C, vitamin K, vitamin A, manganese and potassium. Even with the abundance of nutrients, it still remains incredibly difficult to convince your kid to give them a try. 9. Seeds and Nuts It doesn’t matter if it’s pumpkin, sesame, sunflower or flax seeds , eating them raw, sprouted, or sprinkled onto a salad will add a healthy serving of folic acid. Sunflower seeds, flax seeds and peanuts are especially high in folate, with one cup offering up to 300 mcg. Nuts are also very high in folic acid, with both peanuts and almonds ranking especially high. Below is a short list of the best seeds and nuts for folic acid. Sunflower Seeds — ¼ cup = 82 mcg of folate (21% DV) Peanuts — ¼ cup = 88 mcg of folate (22%) Flax Seeds — 2 tbs = 54 mcg of folate (14% DV) Almonds — 1 cup = 46 mcg pf fp;ate (12% DV) 10. Cauliflower This cruciferous vegetable is typically regarded as one of the best vitamin C foods , but it’s also a great source of folic acid. Eating just one cup of cauliflower will give you approximately 55 mcg of folate, accounting for 14% of your recommended daily value. I recommend adding fresh cauliflower to a salad with some of the other folic acid foods on this list. 11. Beets Beets are a great source for antioxidants and they also provide detox support, making them one of the best liver cleanse foods on the planet. While that’s a great reason to add them to your diet, beets are also known as one of the best foods with folic acid. Eating one cup of boiled beets will provide you with approximately 136 mcg of folate, accounting for 34% of your daily needs. 12. Corn You probably have a can of corn in your pantry right now. Eat it up! This popular vegetable contains plenty of folate. Just one cup of cooked corn will give you approximately 76 mcg of folic acid, accounting for almost 20% of your daily needs. I recommend avoiding canned veggies and opting for fresh and organic. 13. Celery Celery is commonly regarded as a great food to help with kidney stones, but did you know it’s also a great source for folic acid? Just one cup of raw celery will give you approximately 34 mcg of folate, accounting for 8% of your daily needs. 14. Carrots Carrots are another extremely popular vegetable that is probably in your home right now. Just one cup of raw carrots will give you almost 5% of your daily recommended needs for folic acid. Eat baby carrots as a snack or add them to your salads for a folate boost! 15. Squash Squash may not be the most popular vegetable for your family, but there is no denying its nutritional benefits. And, if you make it right, it can be delicious. Whether it’s summer squash or winter squash, adding squash to your diet will help give you a boost in folic acid. Here is a breakdown of how much folate can be found in squash. Winter squash — 1 cup = 57 mcg of folate (14% DV) Summer Squash — 1 cup = 36 mcg of folate (9% DV) These are just a few of the foods with folic acid, are you aware of others? Tell me your thoughts in the comments below. Tips for Prenatal Wellness Folic acid, calcium , and iron have long been considered the holy trinity of prenatal wellness. But here’s one you may not be so familiar with: iodine. Though its health benefits have long been known, new research is now indicating that iodine deficiency in pregnant women can have significant negative effects on unborn children’s brain development. Learn about the importance of iodine during pregnancy here . Know the symptoms of iodine deficiency here . Submit your review",0
19869,Michael Wolff on MILO’s ’Dangerous’: Publishing Is a Business - Breitbart,"In USA Today, journalist and author Michael Wolff explained to critics of Breitbart Senior Editor MILO’s upcoming book Dangerous that “the publishing businesses is a business,” pointing out that the publication of the book was inevitable given the profits that stood to be made. [“The traditional view, at least since publishing, in the late Victorian age, became a   and therefore respectable industry, is that if you publish it, you own it. You were not only legally responsible for it, but it firmly attached to your reputation,” Wolff explained. “This led to protocols about editing, fact checking, and the development of a long cannon of journalism standards and ethics. It also led to the idea of publishing brands. What you published defined you in the community and in the marketplace. ”  The Yiannopoulos book is a particularly good example of the breakdown of this view. Book imprints were once the staunchest cultural gatekeepers, with issues of taste and sales closely twinned, and with the decision to publish resting, often, on a small group of editors, or even on a single shoulder. You knew who was responsible. But then a massive consolidation of the business occurred, mixing and mashing brands, and, with new financial dictates, in essence, commoditizing books. Any book that makes financial sense to publish, no matter its nature, will, practically speaking, be published by any publisher. Beyond a book’s financial bona fides, there is no real vetting, or editing, or concerns about taste. Most of the book industry is now a business focused on creating products —  often novelty products connected to a celebrity —  for specific market segments. A new crop of conservative publishers were suddenly making lots of money publishing conservative books. Hence, every major publisher hurried to established its own conservative imprint  —   the Yiannopoulos book is published by Simon  Schuster’s Threshold Editions —  often run by liberals. In a sense, this is an example of the media overcoming its bias. In another sense, it’s purely cynical: we believe none of this, but the money’s good. Read the full article at USA Today.",0
19870,Fox Sports 1’s Jason Whitlock Slams Sports Media for its Drive to the Left - Breitbart,"Former ESPN host and Fox Sports 1 commentator Jason Whitlock slammed the sports media for its drift toward   politics, criticized former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick for his faux   protests, and even stuck up for Breitbart Sports. [In a new interview with Michael McCarthy of Sporting News, Whitlock pokes his finger in the eyes of presumptuous sports reporters who think they speak for African Americans, slaps around a few major sports stars, and dishes about his treatment at ESPN.  Long a lightning rod for his    views, Whitlock has a long history in sports media. He’s been a columnist for the Kansas City Star, a star commentator for ESPN, a radio talk show host, a writer for Huffington Post, the central figure of a popular sports website, and a Fox Sports contributor. He was also on the other side of the   divide, having been an offensive lineman for Ball State University’s Cardinals football program. The interview started off with Whitlock criticizing NBA star LeBron James for essentially sitting out games after partying too hard the night before, but the interview then jumped straight to Whitlock’s criticism of the leftward lurch of sports media. The topic kicked off as Whitlock slammed former San Francisco 49ers   quarterback Colin Kaepernick for his season of clueless   protests. Even as he doubted that politics had kept Kaepernick from landing a new team as a free agent  —   Whitlock said Kaepernick is “delusional about his standing in the league”  —   the sports writer called the quarterback’s protests ill informed and muddled. “Kap is running around with Twitter idiots who love to play the race card,” Whitlock said. “No general manager or coach wants [black lives activist] Shaun King   them in the New York Daily News about a   quarterback who is trying to prove his blackness through public gestures. ” Whitlock went on to urge Kaepernick to “get new friends,” and stop hanging around with people coddling him over his   protests. The sports firebrand also noted that he is one of the few who has the spine to point out that Kaepernick is likely dealing with a personal identity crisis due to his upbringing, too. Whitlock said, “I’ve angered the far left by pointing out that Kap has some understandable identity issues based on his unique upbringing and a society that is brutally harsh on   people. Kap is not a thought leader on race or even informed about the issues. He was a guy who liked to kick it, lift weights and be a celebrity quarterback. The Niners benched him and he became a militant activist, which made him attractive to the   movement. ” That brought the conversation to the   tilt of the media, something Whitlock has criticized. Sporting News asked Whitlock if liberals are trying to “kill the golden goose” by corrupting sports coverage with   politics. Whitlock was adamant that liberals really are ruining sports media with political content. “  political ideologues want to reshape sports culture to their liking,” Whitlock said. “Sports culture has long had a major impact on American culture. The values taught and celebrated in sports are conservative. The far left wants to change that. They want sports to have a liberal impact. ” The interviewer then asked about the charges made by Breitbart Sports that ESPN is too liberal. Sporting News labeled Breitbart Sports as an “ ” site trying to stir attacks against ESPN, but Whitlock shot that down, saying, “I think it’s unfair to pin this on the ‘  media.’ ESPN and most of the mainstream media have lurched farther left. That’s a complaint from middle America and, in my opinion, objective America. ESPN’s own ombudsman acknowledged ESPN’s hardcore progressive slant. ” Of course, Whitlock is referring to the piece written by ESPN Ombudsman Jim Brady last year exploring whether or not the network has drifted too far to the left. But, even as he spent several thousand words reviewing the claim, Brady ended up insisting that the network had not gone too far left. Despite Brady’s pronouncement, this year ESPN issued new guidelines in an effort to put a dampener on its   talent’s penchant for spouting off on liberal political topics. Speaking of ESPN’s new   guidelines, Whitlock sees the new rules as “confusing. ” Before wrapping up, among the other topics in the interview, Whitlock criticized college player Lonzo Ball’s outspoken and activist father, saying the man has “emasculated” his son with all his public shenanigans. Whitlock said LaVar Ball is “hurting” his sons’ basketball careers. “He’s making their careers about him rather than about them,” Whitlock continued. “LaVar is doing way too much. I hope he   his role. ” Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com",0
19871,Breitbart Editor-in-Chief Alex Marlow Interviews Rep. Kevin Brady at CPAC: We’re Going to End the Tax on ’Made in America’ - Breitbart,"Breitbart’s    Alex Marlow interviewed House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady on reforming the tax code, the proposed border adjustment tax, and abolishing the death tax. [Brady highlighted congressional Republicans’ proposal to tax foreign imports and end taxes on   products.  “We’re going to end the tax on ‘Made in America,’” Brady said at the Conservative Political Action Conference in National Harbor, Maryland.  The “Made in America” tax gained its nickname from supporters of   products because   products in the U. S. are taxed at a lower rate than products made in the U. S. Brady and House Republicans have proposed a border adjustment tax that would impose a 20 percent tax on imports and is estimated to raise over a trillion dollars in a decade. President Trump has said that the border tax could boost U. S. jobs, but Marlow wondered whether the tax will have any consequences for small businesses that rely on imports, such as job losses. Marlow said that 97 percent of importers are small business and asked Brady whether the tax would make it harder for small businesses to conduct business. Brady said that foreign products receive a lot of special tax breaks, and “competition is best for consumers when everyone is taxed the same. ” Brady also advocated for a “fairer, simpler tax code” and said Americans will soon be able to file taxes with less paperwork. “The tax code will be so fair and so simple, nine out of 10 Americans will be able to file on a   system,” Brady said. Marlow brought up the topic of media bias  —   which, as the    of Breitbart News, was his “favorite topic. ” He asked Brady what he thought of the current “media environment” surrounding the issue of taxation. “It’s a challenge, ” Brady said. Marlow also highlighted how taxation can be viewed as a moral issue, citing “the confiscation of wealth from the American people,” and asked Brady whether the issue of taxation should be considered through a “moral lens. ” Brady replied that it should be, citing the “work, innovation, and value” American workers bring to the economy. Marlow closed the interview by asking Brady what would happen to the death tax in the future. “For the first time since the death tax was created in 1916, House Republicans propose to permanently kill the death tax,” Brady said.",0
19873,Russians In Israel Advised Not To Say ’Schmuck’ Or Get Drunk,"TEL AVIV  —   Russian tourists visiting Israel have been asked to refrain from using slurs like “schmuck” and getting drunk, a new directive from the country’s foreign ministry states. [The consular department’s guidelines claims that Israelis are “sensitive” towards criticism directed at their country and to the use of offensive Yiddish and Arabic terms including “putz” (Yiddish for “fool”) and “sharmuta” (Arabic for “prostitute. ”) Russian travelers have been instructed to refrain from using the Russian word “jid,” a derogatory term for Jews, since “it is unacceptable to any Jew, even if he does not understand Russian. ”  Russian nationals have also been told not to drink in excess while in Israel and wander the streets while under the influence of alcohol. Tourists should also maintain a distance of half a meter from locals. Russians should also not be taken aback when they overhear Russian swearwords spoken in Israel, even by   speakers, as they have become part of the vernacular since the beginning of the 20th century, the guidelines said. The Russian Foreign Ministry’s mission is to encourage tourists to respect local customs at any given destination. While in Turkey, Russian tourists are warned against making a V gesture with their fingers since it is the symbol of Kurdish nationalism. While in Thailand they are told to avoid “petting Thais’ heads. ” In Canada and France, they are advised against making jokes about homosexuals or other “man jokes. ” And on visits to Kenya, the guidelines state that Russians should think twice before making comparisons between Kenyans and monkeys. In Spain, Russians should say “hello” to strangers in elevators and shops. Alex Tenzer, a Russian communications expert, said he hoped Israel would follow suit and publish similar guidelines for Israeli tourists abroad.",0
19874,Woodward On Clinton Foundation “It’s Corrupt”,"Abby Martin Exposes What Hillary Clinton Really Represents ‹ › Since 2011, VNN has operated as part of the Veterans Today Network ; a group that operates over 50 plus media, information and service online sites for U.S. Military Veterans. Woodward On Clinton Foundation “It’s Corrupt” By VNN on October 28, 2016 He’s correct: The Clinton Foundation is corrupt, and voters should be troubled by Clinton’s role in the unethical pay-for-play scandals. 
Conservative Tribune 
Voters have been concerned about Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s involvement in the scandal-ridden Clinton Foundation. 
Liberal journalist Bob Woodward legitimized those concerns Sunday on Fox News by pointing to the Foundation’s “ pay-for-play ” scandals while Clinton served as secretary of state as something that should trouble voters. 
Woodward, who broke the Watergate story that led to the downfall of President Richard Nixon, told host Chris Wallace in no uncertain terms that the Clinton Foundation is “corrupt” and a “scandal.” 
Watch Woodward’s comments on Fox News Sunday here: 
“There are allegations about the Clinton Foundation and pay-for-play,” Wallace said. “When you see what seems to be clear evidence that Clinton Foundation donors were being treated differently than non-donors in terms of access, when you see this new revelations (sic) about the $12 million deal between Hillary Clinton, the Foundation and the King of Morocco, are voters right to be troubled by this?” 
“Yes,” Woodward responded. “ It’s corrupt . It’s a scandal.” 
Wallace had attempted to get answers from Clinton about the issue at the final presidential debate with Republican candidate Donald Trump. 
But of course Clinton ducked the moderator’s question and instead talked about the organization’s charitable donations rather than its extreme conflicts of interest — something Woodward took note of and criticized her for. 
“She didn’t answer your question at all,” Woodward told Wallace. “And she turned to embrace the good work that the Clinton Foundation has done.” 
Woodward apparently didn’t want to discredit the “good work” done by the organization, but pointed out that even its “good work” is compromised by the overwhelming evidence of corruption. 
“(T)he mixing of speech fees, the Clinton Foundation and actions by the State Department — which she ran — are all intertwined and it’s corrupt,” he argued. 
He’s correct: The Clinton Foundation is corrupt, and voters should be troubled by Clinton’s role in the unethical pay-for-play scandals. 
Unfortunately Clinton has an acute ability to avoid being held accountable for her scandals, but we have faith in the American people and their desire to be led by a person with integrity and respect for the office he holds, not someone who continuously looks for ways for his political power to benefit his personal life. 
Like and share on Facebook and Twitter if you agree with Bob Woodward about Hillary Clinton and her family’s scandal-ridden Clinton Foundation. What do you think about Woodward’s criticism of Clinton? Scroll down to comment below!",0
19875,"With Deflategate Ruling, Roger Goodell Is Firmly in Control - The New York Times","When I reached Ron Katz on Monday, the first word out of his mouth was “vindication. ” He was referring to Tom Brady. “The moral issues always remain the same,” said Katz, the chairman emeritus of the Institute of Sports Law and Ethics at Santa Clara University and now a Distinguished Careers Institute Fellow at Stanford. “It’s not what you can get away with,” he said. “You’ve got to rise above that. ” Brady is one of the greatest quarterbacks ever to play the game, and I would have him on my starting team each Sunday. But he has lost credibility that he may never regain. The Brady case  —   his role in improperly deflated footballs  —   seemed silly at first. But this molehill became a mountain that the N. F. L. was willing to die on to protect its shield. The case has been a winding road to the truth since January 2015, after the Patriots’ lopsided victory over Indianapolis in the A. F. C. championship game. The most extraordinary evidence against Brady was the Wells report, which suggested that Brady did not always play by the rules when it came to using properly inflated footballs. Based on the report, Commissioner Roger Goodell suspended Brady for four   games. The Patriots were also fined $1 million and lost a couple of draft picks, including this year’s No. 1. Brady argued that he was unfairly suspended. Last July, Brady’s suspension was upheld by Goodell. Last September, Judge Richard M. Berman said Goodell administered “his own brand of industrial justice“ and overturned Goodell’s ruling. That decision allowed Brady to play the entire season, a season he used as a revenge tour and one that New England fans turned into a football holy war. Monday’s ruling by the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ripped apart every shred of Berman’s decision. It reaffirmed Goodell’s broad authority to administer discipline as he pleases and it affirmed his power. This is power that the N. F. L. Players Association willingly gave up during the last collective bargaining agreement. Players who challenged Goodell’s authority  —   Adrian Peterson and Greg Hardy  —   were emboldened by what they perceived as a crack in Goodell’s armor. They challenged his authority with lawsuits. But Monday’s decision was loud and clear: Goodell has the hammer again and is willing to drop it. I am all for resisting and challenging authority. But the deflation scandal was never a noble cause. Brady was caught cheating and was uncooperative, having his phone destroyed around the time league investigators wanted access to it. “I would say this goes beyond power I think it’s really about order,” Katz said. “You can’t have a league unless somebody has the authority to make decisions. Otherwise you have disorder, you have chaos. ” It’s about order and Brady’s stature. Celebrity may have gotten Brady a favorable decision from Berman, but it was ultimately not enough to keep him from being suspended. ”If this case had been brought by a journeyman quarterback, he would not have gotten beyond the   line,” Katz said. He added: “The only reason it got as far as it did was because it was Tom Brady. We have a   society, but when you get to court, it doesn’t matter if you’re a celebrity. ” After two years of missteps, Goodell is on a roll. Earlier this month, a court of appeals upheld a Federal District Court judge’s decision approving the N. F. L. concussion settlement agreement. Linda S. Greene, the   law professor at the University of Wisconsin, draws a sharp distinction between how Goodell successfully handled the Brady case and how he mishandled the Ray Rice investigation, protecting a star player and his team in a clear case of domestic abuse. “This is a win for the commissioner,” Greene said, “but unlike in the Ray Rice case, where the decision was the byproduct of a commissioner who looked the other way at Rice’s egregious conduct, the Brady suspension was the product of a thorough investigation, a lengthy hearing over which the commissioner presided. ” The union released a statement on Monday. It was disappointed by the ruling, adding that it would “carefully review the decision, consider all of our options and continue to fight for players’ rights and for the integrity of the game. ” Katz said, “They negotiated this agreement where the commissioner had this power, and that’s the way it should have proceeded. ” The union should stop the fight for Brady. Brady’s team of legal advisers should tell him to accept the decision. The court’s   decision can be appealed to the full Second Circuit Court of Appeals and to the Supreme Court. “I don’t think the Supreme Court will have any interest in this whatsoever,” Katz said. “It’s done. ” Brady should take the sack and let the sport he has soiled have its vindication.",0
19876,Chart Of The Day: Trend Growth Rate Of Real GDP Has Slumped To 0.46%/Year,"Chart Of The Day: Trend Growth Rate Of Real GDP Has Slumped To 0.46%/Year   

 ",0
19877,EU Referendum: Betrayal of the People by Traitors in Undemocratic Coup,"Home | World | EU Referendum: Betrayal of the People by Traitors in Undemocratic Coup EU Referendum: Betrayal of the People by Traitors in Undemocratic Coup By Lord V 03/11/2016 12:31:01 
LONDON – England – The High Court decision today is a betrayal of the will of the people cast on June 23 2016 in the EU referendum. 

Britain as a nation is now on the verge of being lost, and all it has worked for for centuries are now but a memory. 
We are now living in a Stasi EU zone with no sovereign rights, we are ordered about by the unelected eurocrats in the EU Commission, and many within parliament are now servants to the European Union. 
Contempt 
This great betrayal of the people who voted in a democratically held EU referendum will not be forgotten, and those who are accountable in parliament to thwart the democratic vote will feel the wrath of the voters when it comes to election time. 
It’s Them Against 17.5 Million People Who Voted Brexit 
They will not be elected again, they will be despised and as they are traitorous scum, they shall be left to the dung heap of history, a forgotten note under a morass of festering putrid excrement. 
True Britons never give up, and they will not, they will fight against the duplicitous forces within this nation that seek to commit High Treason against the Crown. 
As much as the ground that has been lost today by the criminal treasonous High Court decision to overstep the voters, there will never be an end to the fight for sovereign status from those who wish the UK to be ruled by the Soviet EU entity. 
No doubt, Brussels has the law courts firmly within their grasp, but the Remain traitors, lickspittle vile treasonous vermin will one day get their comeuppance. 
And in other news, the pound spiked, so we have further proof of who else is behind all of this. Share on :",0
19878,Tuberculosis: Refugees Produce 29 Percent of Active Cases in New Hampshire - Breitbart,"The refugees resettled by the federal government in New Hampshire produced 29 percent of all diagnosed active tuberculosis (TB) cases in the state during 2014 and 2015, says the Centers for Disease Control. [Three contagious TB cases, or “active tuberculosis,” in New Hampshire were diagnosed in refugees in 2015, and four cases were diagnosed in refugees during 2014. During that two year period, a total of 24 cases of active TB were diagnosed in New Hampshire.  So seven of the 24 active cases, or 29 percent, were among refugees delivered by the federal government. The refugee population is less than one percent of the total state population. New Hampshire does, however, have a much higher per capita rate of refugee TB compared to other states. Between FY 2008 and FY 2015, 4, 368 refugees were resettled in New Hampshire by the federal government. More than 80 percent of these refugees, or 3, 497 out of 4, 368, arrived from four high TB burden countries, according to the Department of State —  Bhutan (2, 239 refugees) the Democratic Republic of Congo (797 refugees) Burma (291 refugees) and Somalia (170 refugees). Only Minnesota, where 33 percent of TB cases during this period, or 99 out of 297, were diagnosed in refugees, had a higher percentage than New Hampshire’s 29 percent among all 46 states for which the CDC reports data on immigration status upon first entry data for   cases of TB. (Arizona, Illinois, Virginia, and Washington do not report this data to the CDC.) The national average, 4. 5 percent, is significantly lower. “In New Hampshire, based on our most recent 2015 data, a total of 13 cases of TB were reported to the NH Department of Health  Human Services, Division of Public Health Services (DPHS) 11 of these cases (85%) were among   persons,” a spokesperson for the New Hampshire Department of Health  Human Services told Breitbart News in an emailed statement. New Hampshire’s percentage of   cases of TB in 2015 was 19 percent higher than the national average of 66 percent. In 1986, the national average of   cases of TB was only 22 percent. “NH DPHS does not distinguish among categories of   because our public health interventions are not different however, based on the most recent CDC surveillance report, (table 36) only 3 of these 11   individuals diagnosed with TB in 2015 were refugees,” the spokesperson added. Only two of the 13 cases of active TB in New Hampshire in 2015 were diagnosed in U. S.  residents. Three cases were diagnosed in refugees, and six cases were diagnosed in   residents of New Hampshire whose immigration status upon initial arrival in the United States was something other than refugee. Three of these six   residents of New Hampshire diagnosed with active TB in 2015 had an immigrant visa as their immigration status at first entry into the United States, according to the CDC publication Reported Tuberculosis in the United States, 2015. One arrived on a student visa, one arrived on an employment visa, and one arrived as an  . Breitbart News asked the New Hampshire Department of Health  Human Services why such a high percentage of total TB in New Hampshire is diagnosed in refugees. “When there are as few TB patients as in New Hampshire, proportions may seem high and reporting such may be misleading,” the spokesperson responded. “The total number of TB diagnoses among our refugees is very low,” the spokesperson concluded. But the pattern of high rates of active TB diagnosed among refugees in the state of New Hampshire is not a   “blip,” or data outlier, experienced only in 2015. In 2014, for instance, four refugees resettled in New Hampshire were diagnosed with active TB out of a total of 11 cases diagnosed among New Hampshire residents, according to CDC data. Three U. S.  residents of New Hampshire were diagnosed with active TB that year, while four   residents whose initial immigration status upon arrival was something other than refugee were also diagnosed. In 2013, four out of the 15 cases of active TB diagnosed in New Hampshire, or 26 percent of all cases, were diagnosed in refugees. Ten cases were “other  ” and one was U. S. . A stunning 93 percent of all cases of TB diagnosed that year in the state were  . In 2012, one out of 9 cases of active TB diagnosed in New Hampshire, or 11 percent of all cases, wase diagnosed in a refugee. Nine cases were “other  ” and none were U. S. . One hundred percent of all cases of TB diagnosed that year in the state were  . Breitbart News asked the the New Hampshire Department of Health  Human Services if “NH DPHS does not distinguish among categories of   because our public health interventions are not different,” how then, did the CDC determine that “3 of these 11   individuals diagnosed with TB in 2015 were refugees” if the state of New Hampshire did not provide this data on refugees to them. The New Hampshire Department of Health  Human Services has not yet responded to that inquiry. The  CDC states that data used in its annual publication Reported Tuberculosis in the United States is provided directly by the states: Reporting areas (i. e. the 50 states, the District of Columbia (DC) New York City, Puerto Rico, and other U. S. jurisdictions in the Pacific Ocean and Caribbean Sea) provide information regarding tuberculosis (TB) cases to CDC’s National TB Surveillance System (NTSS) by using a standard case report form, Report of Verified Case of Tuberculosis (RVCT). When asked if the state of New Hampshire has a plan to effectively deal with this refugee TB issue, the spokesperson for the New Hampshire Department of Health  Human Services did offer a response. “TB is an important but treatable and curable disease. NH DPHS continues to comprehensively address management of TB in accordance with national guidelines through testing for and treating of TB infections surveillance and education of healthcare providers,” the spokesperson said. “These strategies apply to all NH residents whether U. S.  or ” the spokesperson added. Incoming New Hampshire Gov. Chris Sununu, the first Republican to hold that office in twelve years,  may want to consider establishing a new common sense TB control strategy: not resettling refugees from high TB burden countries in the state.      ",0
19879,Meet the journalist facing 45 years in jail for filming the tar sands pipeline protest in North Dakota,"Meet the journalist facing 45 years in jail for filming the tar sands pipeline protest in North Dakota 
Thursday, October 27, 2016 by: Natural News Editors Tags: First Amendment , Dakota Pipeline , criminal journalism (NaturalNews) Are North Dakota authorities waging a war against the public's right to know about the ongoing Standing Rock pipeline protests? We are joined by documentary filmmaker Deia Schlosberg, who was charged earlier this month with three felonies for filming an act of civil disobedience in which climate activists manually turned off the safety valves to stop the flow of tar sands oil through pipelines spanning the U.S. and Canada.The actions took place in Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota and Washington state. Schlosberg is an award-winning filmmaker and was the producer of Josh Fox's recent documentary, ""How to Let Go of the World and Love All the Things Climate Can't Change."" She was filming the action at a valve station owned by TransCanada in Walhalla, North Dakota. She was arrested along with the activists, and her footage was confiscated. Then she was charged with a Class A felony and two Class C felonies—which combined carry a 45-year maximum sentence.(Article republished from DemocracyNow.org ) TRANSCRIPT AMY GOODMAN: But we're joined right now in Los Angeles by Democracy Now! video stream by Deia Schlosberg, the award-winning documentary filmmaker, producer, who was arrested on October 11th in a different area of North Dakota, while reporting on a climate change protest in Walhalla, North Dakota, charged with three felonies, facing 45 years in prison, if convicted. Also with us, Josh Fox. His article in The Nation, ""The Arrest of Journalists and Filmmakers Covering the Dakota Pipeline is a Threat to Democracy—and the Planet."" His previous documentaries include Gasland, which first exposed the harms of the fracking industry, nominated for an Academy Award, also made Gasland 2, which aired on HBO.We welcome you both to Democracy Now! Deia, describe what happened to you. DEIA SCHLOSBERG: Well, on October 11th, I was working as a climate reporter, as I've done for years and years and years, as Josh and I were doing, and the rest of the How to Let Go of the World team, when we made the film. And I was documenting people taking a stand, people on the frontlines of the fight to lessen the impacts of climate change. So, there were—there were five activists across four states that had planned to turn the emergency shutoff valves on the five pipelines that bring all Canadian oil sands into the U.S. And I was documenting this occurrence at the North Dakota site, outside of Walhalla, as you said. I was—I was filming the action. I was on public land. I was on a public road and at no point trespassed, at no point, you know, broke in or destroyed any property. I had nothing to do with the planning of the event. I was there to document it. I think it's essential for journalists to—journalists and filmmakers to go where the mainstream media is not. And there's a major hole in the coverage of climate change and people that are already dealing with the consequences of climate change and people that are fighting climate change. So, I take that responsibility very seriously. AMY GOODMAN: So when did the police come? DEIA SCHLOSBERG: The police came after—well, the activist that was doing the action, Michael, had called the company ahead of time to say that he was—he was going to shut off the valve, so they could—to give them ample time to take any emergency precautions. And then he turned the valve. And meanwhile, the company notified the local police. So, after the valve was closed, they came in probably about 15 minutes. I had my camera set up on a tripod on the public road. And they told me I was arrested for being an accessory to a crime, at which point I was brought to the local jail . I figured it would—things would just have to clear up once they realized what was— AMY GOODMAN: So, they charged you with three felonies? DEIA SCHLOSBERG: —that I was just, you know, exercising my First Amendment— AMY GOODMAN: What were the felonies? DEIA SCHLOSBERG: Conspiracy—they were all conspiracy charges: conspiracy to theft of public—theft of property, conspiracy to theft of service and conspiracy of interfering with a public—a critical public infrastructure. AMY GOODMAN: And you face 45 years in jail? What is your comment on this? DEIA SCHLOSBERG: What is my what? Sorry, the connection is— AMY GOODMAN: What do say about this? DEIA SCHLOSBERG: It's absolutely outrageous. Yeah, I mean, this is what I—this is what I do for my living. This is what I've done for years and years. There's absolutely no grounds for these charges.Read more at: DemocracyNow.org",0
19880,"Cannabis Protects The Brain From Traumatic Injuries And Concussions, Study Finds","By Brianna Acuesta Big Pharma doesn’t want you to know about everything marijuana can do. More and more studies on the abilities of THC are being released recently, and the results are... ",0
19881,Internet Porn Nearly Ruined His Life. Now He Wants to Help. - The New York Times,"Alexander Rhodes sat along a stretch of grass, looking out over the Allegheny River. The two of us were sitting in a quiet space on the outskirts of Pittsburgh where we had planned to spend the night in tents camping out. “The key thing to consider is that I am not a very good businessman,” he said. “I’m not really anything but a guy who was addicted to internet porn. ” A few years ago, Mr. Rhodes, 26, founded a website as an online space meant to help others who share his particular problem. It has about one million unique visitors each month, he said, and nearly breaks even. Mr. Rhodes, who grew up in western Pennsylvania and worked at Google until recently, is now hoping to make his site into something larger. With the help of his father and other family members, he is transforming part of an abandoned church into a base of operations for his fledgling company. “It’s one thing to look back and regret what happened in terms of growing up, being addicted to internet porn,” he said. “You might look back and be like: ‘Oh, man. I was a loser. And if I never watched it, my life would be so much better.’ And maybe that’s true. But at the same time, the fact that I was addicted to internet porn, the fact that I was so mediocre, makes me uniquely qualified to help humanity. ” In recent years, Mr. Rhodes has emerged as a spokesman against a “disease” that hasn’t been officially recognized by the medical establishment. He seemed uneasy with his new status. He was careful with every word and asked to go off the record more than a government official. He would not confirm whether he was involved with someone, saying only that, since giving up pornography “for good” in 2013, he has been able to have meaningful relationships with women. In some ways, his story is that of the digital age. His father was a computer programmer, and he was exposed to digital technology from early on. He gravitated to Nintendo Game Boy and eventually moved to the Nintendo 64 and Sony PlayStation. At 11 or so, he said, he clicked on a banner ad by mistake and found an image depicting rape. By the time he had reached adolescence, so had the internet, and Mr. Rhodes came to rely on   pornography that was easy to find and often free. By college, he was masturbating while watching it up to 14 times a day, he said. “I would say, ‘O. K. I have to take a few days to recover from this, like physically recover,’” he said, “and I couldn’t last for even a day. ” Mr. Rhodes’s seeming dependence on porn didn’t help matters with his first girlfriend, whom he started dating when he was a sophomore at the University of Pittsburgh. It was his first real chance for sustained intimacy, and he blew it. “I don’t think it was all due to internet porn,” he said. “But I can tell you that the sex life didn’t go very well. I had   erectile dysfunction  —   a very mild form, and this is all very   because doctors won’t diagnose this  —   but I was able to maintain an erection by fantasizing about pornography. That was the only way. ” In 2011, Mr. Rhodes was lost and in search of support. He created a discussion forum on Reddit on the topic of abstaining from masturbation and pornography. He realized he was far from alone and began his   site soon after. After college, he continued to build the site while working as a contractor for Google, specializing in data analysis. He said he earned good money and was able to put a good amount into the website (called NoFap. com, from a slang term for masturbation). But he was still using the supposed vice he was railing against. It took another failed relationship to get him to quit. “I think I was relying on pornography as some kind of emotional crutch,” he said. “If anything bad would happen, you would go to porn, because it would always be there. “I knew it was bad for me,” he said. “But I also realized it was bad for women I was involved with, and that was the moment that I said: ‘I need to leave this thing behind. It is completely distorting my sexuality to the point where it could actually be harmful or at least not enjoyable for other people who I am involved with. ’” Mr. Rhodes came to believe he had a calling greater than his work in data analysis at Google. “It wasn’t an easy decision,” he said of his leaving the job last year. “But ultimately it was what was best for humanity. ” The website serves as an online umbrella for men looking to escape pornography. It has advertisements for   software and online programs that promote the idea of steering clear of pornography and masturbation. The site also has discussion forums and includes testimonials by men sharing stories of their successes and failures. And it helps match men with “accountability partners” meant to serve as Alcoholics   sponsors, to keep a person on the right path. The site generates revenue through subscriptions and advertising, Mr. Rhodes said. To make it into something more robust, Mr. Rhodes needed to “come out” as a spokesman of sorts. After he appeared in a New York magazine article in 2013 about men who had quit masturbating, he told his mother what was going on, much to her horror. Other interviews followed. While his family remains supportive, there are limits. When he showed his mother a recent article in Time magazine in which he was quoted, she said, joking, “I shouldn’t be reading these types of things about my son,” Mr. Rhodes said, recalling his mother’s reaction. On the first day I visited Mr. Rhodes, we climbed the stairs of the former St. Clement Church in Tarentum, Pa. The structure, built in 1906, had long since been abandoned, its pews, confessional and attached school crumbling and gathering dust. His father, Phillip Rhodes, had recently bought the sprawling complex at auction for $50, 000. While the church is likely to house other businesses, the younger Mr. Rhodes sees a future there for him and a fully staffed operation. He sat on one side of the church confessional while I sat on the other. “Tell me the last time you watched porn,” I said, joking. Despite the location, he has largely kept away from religious people, especially evangelicals wanting to team up with him, even though such a relationship could help fund his work. “I have viewpoints that don’t mesh with their viewpoints,” Mr. Rhodes said. “I’m very  . I’m not a religious person. I’m not someone who supports religion. I’m not against religion, but I don’t support it. And I completely, firmly believe in premarital sex. ” Mr. Rhodes said he has also endured the wrath of those on the other end of the ideological spectrum. People have tried  —   and failed  —   to hack the site’s servers, and its forums have been bombarded with pornographic images, he said. His father received pornography in the mail, Mr. Rhodes said, and he himself has gotten death threats. “It’s just something you have to deal with and let the proper authorities follow up on anything,” he said. Soon it would grow terribly cold, making for a terrible night of sleep in spite of a tent and a supposedly insulated sleeping bag that I bought at a suburban Target. On the morning of our second day, Mr. Rhodes sat near the extinguished campfire from the night before, laptop on his knees. Soon we’d be departing the campsite, heading back to the city, to “civilization. ” But first he had to present a webinar for another   outfit. During the chat, he spoke with people who asked about avoiding triggers. As the session continued, he spoke less about pornography than about the need to take care of oneself, both physically and emotionally. He talked about developing good habits and routines, about changing one’s life in general. When a health care worker asked about fatigue and how he believed it often led him to pornography, Mr. Rhodes told the man that he needed to take care of his own health as well. “It’s like if you’re on an airplane flight,” Mr. Rhodes said, “and they say, ‘Oh, you have to put your oxygen mask on before assisting others with theirs.’ It’s because you’ll pass out trying to get a mask on to somebody else. You have to make sure you’re in a balanced spot in order to best serve other people, in order to best serve the world. ”",0
19882,"Magnetic storm could disrupt power grids, navigation systems and satellites over the next few days","This magnetic storm could disrupt power grids, radio navigation systems and satellites causing problems with phone and internet networks A giant coronal hole in the sun recently sent charged particles hurtling toward Earth.
These solar winds triggered a geomagnetic storm that could disrupt power grids, radio navigation systems and satellites, which could cause problems with phone and internet networks.

This most recent event was big enough for the U.S. Space Weather Prediction Center to issue a moderate geomagnetic storm watch for Wednesday.

It isn’t all bad news, though. Because of the strength of the storm, parts of the United States may get a look at the Aurora Borealis, or Northern Lights.

Areas as far south as northern Indiana and northern Ohio could get a bit of a show overnight.
Over the next few days, the chances of any disruptions and auroras will decrease.
Images: Spaceweather.com 
Source: Strange Sounds 
Related: She’s back! Large coronal hole faces Earth again Sunspot Cycles and the Global Shift in Consciousness Evolution of Consciousness triggered by Solar flares Global Elite Prepare for Massive Solar Eruptions Claim Secret Space Program Whistleblower The White House Just Issued An Executive Order officially Preparing For The “Event?” ",0
19883,Donald Trump’s Victory Promises to Upend the International Order - The New York Times,"JERUSALEM  —   Donald J. Trump’s stunning election victory on Tuesday night rippled way beyond the nation’s boundaries, upending an international order that prevailed for decades and raising profound questions about America’s place in the world. For the first time since before World War II, Americans chose a president who promised to reverse the internationalism practiced by predecessors of both parties and to build walls both physical and metaphorical. Mr. Trump’s win foreshadowed an America more focused on its own affairs while leaving the world to take care of itself. The outsider revolution that propelled him to power over the Washington establishment of both political parties also reflected a fundamental shift in international politics evidenced already this year by events like Britain’s referendum vote to leave the European Union. Mr. Trump’s success could fuel the populist, nativist, nationalist,   movements already so evident in Europe and spreading to other parts of the world. Global markets fell after Tuesday’s election and many around the world scrambled to figure out what it might mean in parochial terms. For Mexico, it seemed to presage a new era of confrontation with its northern neighbor. For Europe and Asia, it could rewrite the rules of modern alliances, trade deals, and foreign aid. For the Middle East, it foreshadowed a possible alignment with Russia and fresh conflict with Iran. “All bets are off,” said Agustín Barrios Gómez, a former congressman in Mexico and president of the Mexico Image Foundation, an organization dedicated to promoting its reputation abroad. Crispin Blunt, chairman of the foreign affairs committee in Britain’s House of Commons, said, “We are plunged into uncertainty and the unknown. ” Many linked Mr. Trump’s victory to the British vote to exit the European Union and saw a broader unraveling of the modern international system. “After Brexit and this election, everything is now possible,” Gérard Araud, the French ambassador to the United States, wrote on Twitter. “A world is collapsing before our eyes. ” The election enthralled people around the world on Tuesday night: night owls watching television in a youth hostel in Tel Aviv computer technicians monitoring results on their laptops in Hong Kong and even onetime oil pipeline terrorists in Nigeria’s remote Delta creeks, who expressed concern about how Mr. Trump’s election would affect their country. It is hardly surprising that much of the world was rooting for Hillary Clinton over Mr. Trump, who characterized his foreign policy as “America First. ” He promised to build a wall along the Mexican border and temporarily bar Muslim immigrants from entering the United States. He questioned Washington’s longstanding commitment to NATO allies, called for cutting foreign aid, praised President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, vowed to rip up international trade deals, assailed China and suggested Asian allies develop nuclear weapons. Polls indicated that Mrs. Clinton was favored in many countries, with the exception of Russia. Last summer, the Pew Research Center found that people in all 15 countries it surveyed trusted Mrs. Clinton to do the right thing in foreign affairs more than Mr. Trump by ratios as high as 10 to one. Mr. Trump’s promise to pull back militarily and economically left many overseas contemplating a road ahead without an American ally. “The question is whether you will continue to be involved in international affairs as a dependable ally to your friends and allies,” said Kunihiko Miyake, a former Japanese diplomat now teaching at Ritsumeikan University in Kyoto. “If you stop doing that, then all the European, Middle Eastern and Asian allies to the United States will reconsider how they secure themselves. ” In Germany, where American troops have been stationed for more than seven decades, the prospect of a pullback seemed bewildering. “It would be the end of an era,” Henrik Müller, a journalism professor at the Technical University of Dortmund, wrote in Der Spiegel. “The postwar era in which Americans’ atomic weapons and its military presence in Europe shielded first the west and later the central European states would be over. Europe would have to take care of its own security. ” Norbert Röttgen, chairman of the German parliamentary committee for foreign policy and a member of the ruling party, said Mr. Trump was “completely inadequate” to his office. “That Trump’s election could lead to the worst estrangement between America and Europe since the Vietnam War would be the least of the damage,” he said. Perhaps nowhere was Mr. Trump’s win more alarming than in Mexico, which has objected to his promises to build a wall and bill America’s southern neighbor for it. “I see a clear and present danger,” said Rossana   director of the Mexico Media Lab, a think tank, and a founder of the Latin American edition of Foreign Affairs. “Every moment will be a challenge. Every move or declaration will be something that will not make us comfortable in the neighborhood  —   and that is to everyone’s detriment. ” With about $531 billion in trade in goods last year, Mexico is America’s   partner after Canada and China. Supply chains in both countries are interdependent, with American goods and parts shipped to Mexican factories to build products that are shipped back into the United States for sale. Five million American jobs directly depend on trade with Mexico, according to the Mexico Institute. The Mexican peso immediately fell 13 percent after the election, its biggest drop in decades. Mr. Barrios Gómez, the former congressman, predicted a   peso devaluation of 20 percent and a Mexican recession “as supply chains across the continent become sclerotic and investments dry up. ” The business community, he said, was “freaking out. ” The economic fallout will probably reverberate farther. Izumi Kobayashi, vice chairwoman of Keizai Doyukai, a Japanese business group, predicted a drop in foreign investment in the United States as executives skeptical of Mr. Trump wait to see what he does. “He has been focusing on the negative side of the global markets and globalization,” Ms. Kobayashi said. “But at the same time it is really difficult to go back to the old business world. So how will he explain to the people that benefit and also the fact that there is no option to go back to the old model of business?” The uneasiness with Mr. Trump’s victory overseas ranged far beyond the country’s traditional partners. Abubakar Kari, a   professor at the University of Abuja, said most Nigerians believed a Trump administration would not bother with issues outside the United States. “If Trump wins, God forbid,” Macharia Gaitho, one of Kenya’s most popular columnists, wrote on Tuesday before the votes came in, “then we will have to reassess our relations with the United States. ” One of the few places where Mr. Trump’s victory was greeted enthusiastically was Russia, where   television has been feasting on the circuslike elements of the American election. Not since the Cold War has Russia played such a big role in a presidential election, with Mr. Trump praising Mr. Putin and American investigators concluding that Russians had hacked Democratic email messages. “Trump’s presidency will make the U. S. sink into a   crisis, including an economic one,” said Vladimir Frolov, a Russian columnist and international affairs analyst. “The U. S. will be occupied with its own issues and will not bother Putin with questions. ” “As a consequence,” he added, “Moscow will have a window of opportunity in geopolitical terms. For instance, it can claim control over the former Soviet Union and a part of the Middle East. What is there not to like?” Others tried to find the upside. Mr. Blunt, the British lawmaker, said he was heartened by Mr. Trump’s selection of Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana as his running mate and thought that Britain might be the exception to the new president’s hostility toward trade deals. Israel was another place where Mr. Trump enjoyed some support, mainly because of the perception that he would give the country a freer hand in its handling of the longstanding conflict with the Palestinians. But Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and other Israeli leaders and commentators worried about a broader disengagement from a Middle East awash in war, terrorism and upheaval. “Decisions cannot be postponed,” said Yohanan Plesner, a former member of the Israeli Parliament now serving as president of the Israel Democracy Institute. “The situation in Syria is very chaotic. The unrest in the region is continuing. America has to decide whether it wants to play an active role in shaping the developments of the region. ” And even some countries that might expect to see some benefits from an American retreat worried about the implications. Counterintuitive as it might seem, China was concerned about Mr. Trump’s promise to pull American troops back from Asia. “If he indeed withdraws the troops from Japan, the Japanese may develop their own nuclear weapons,” said Shen Dingli, professor of international relations at Fudan University in Shanghai. “South Korea may also go nuclear if Trump cancels the missile deployment and leaves the country alone facing the North’s threats. How is that good for China?” For American voters, that was not the point. After decades of worrying about what was good for other countries, they decided it was time to worry about what was good for America. And Mr. Trump promised to do just that, even if the rest of the world might not like it.",0
19884,"Google Party Over? Alphabet Cracks Down on Costs, Layoffs Ensue, Division CEOs Quit","Google Party Over? Alphabet Cracks Down on Costs, Layoffs Ensue, Division CEOs Quit by IWB · October 27, 2016 
Wolf Richter wolfstreet.com , www.amazon.com/author/wolfrichter 
Third CEO of an Alphabet division to leave since June. 
Five years ago, when Google announced that it would build a super-high-speed fiber-optic network in Kansas City, and then roll it out in other cities, it started an effort to own and control the data pipelines going into homes and businesses. 
Given how frustrated consumers are with their ISPs, it seems people couldn’t wait for Google Fiber, now operated by Alphabet’s Access. Google then spent a fortune building out the network in select cities around the country. This could have been huge . At a huge cost. 
“Amazing bet,” is what Craig Barratt, senior VP at Alphabet and CEO of Access, called Google Fiber in a blogpost yesterday. In the same breath, he also announced that they would “pause” the build-out of Google Fiber in cities where it had been planned, that there would be layoffs and reassignments, though he didn’t say how many, and that he’d “step aside” as CEO of Access. 
His replacement has not been announced. 
He’s the third CEO of an Alphabet division to part ways since June. He prefaced this whole debacle this way: 
And thanks to the hard work of everyone on the Access team, our business is solid: our subscriber base and revenue are growing quickly, and we expect that growth to continue. I am extremely proud of what we’ve built together in five short years. 
Google Fiber is one of two big entities in “Other Bets” of the Alphabet empire, whose CEO Larry Page and new-ish CFO Ruth Porat are trying to crack down on ballooning costs. 
The other big entity in “Other Bets” is Nest Labs, which makes internet-connected thermostats and the like. In a brilliant move, Google had acquired it in 2014 for a breath-taking $3.2 billion. But by now, this move has become very unbrilliant. 
In June, Tony Fadell, Nest co-founder and CEO, quit after internal disputes over this focus on spending. Some key Nest employees moved to Google’s new hardware division. And the entity is in turmoil. 
In August, Bill Maris, CEO of Google’s venture capital arm, GV, also left. 
Earlier this year, Alphabet got second thoughts about its ambitious robotics efforts and put Boston Dynamics up for sale. It had acquired the experimental robot maker in 2013 for $500 million. But tensions soon arose, and co-founder Andy Rubin bailed out in 2014. No deal yet. 
Then there was, infamously, Google Glass…. 
So Google Fiber is in good company. It will cease efforts to install a fiber network in 10 cities where it had been planned but not fully committed, according to Ars Technica . In addition, San Francisco was supposed to get Google fiber for sure, but that has now been cancelled too. 
The 11 cities where Google Fiber has been nixed: Chicago, Dallas, Jacksonville, Los Angeles, Oklahoma City, Phoenix, Portland, San Diego, San Francisco, San Jose, and Tampa. 
In “this handful of cities” and also “in certain related areas of our supporting operations, we’ll be reducing our employee base,” Barratt wrote. Hence the layoffs. 
Google Fiber has already been rolled out in Atlanta, Austin, Charlotte, Kansas City (Missouri and Kansas), Nashville, Provo (Utah), Salt Lake City, and The Triangle (North Carolina). And it’s still publicly committed to building the network – subject to change, I suppose – in Huntsville (Alabama), Irvine (California), San Antonio, and Louisville. 
In June, Google Fiber announced that it would acquire Webpass, a 13-year-old company that provides high-speed wireless internet in Boston, Chicago, Miami, San Diego, Oakland, and San Francisco. A wireless network is a lot cheaper to install in urban areas with multi-family housing than fiber-to-the-home. 
About 9% of the employees at Access will lose their jobs, though some people could be reassigned to entities of Alphabet, according to Ars Technica: 
The source did not say exactly how many employees that percentage represents. Access includes more than just Google Fiber, so the percentage of Google Fiber employees being laid off or reassigned is probably a little higher. 
Alphabet headcounts are hard to come by, but this Bloomberg report says Access has about 1,500 employees. The Information report indicates that Google Fiber had about 1,000 employees before the layoffs. If both of those numbers are accurate, then the percentage of Google Fiber employees being laid off or reassigned to other parts of Alphabet might be around 13.5 percent. 
Google Fiber apparently has not hit its subscriber goals, and fiber construction is a costly endeavor. While the company isn’t giving up on fiber entirely, it may be able to deploy Internet service at a lower cost using wireless technology. 
“It’s billions of dollars a year just to maintain this stuff, and Google doesn’t want to spend that kind of money on just being another player in that market,” Jan Dawson, an analyst with Jackdaw Research, told Bloomberg . 
“I think the new CFO put an end to the experiment that wasn’t really going anywhere,” Chetan Sharma, an independent wireless industry analyst, told Bloomberg . 
So serving up digital ads is still Alphabet’s main business, and flourishing. Controlling the high-speed pipeline to get these ads into homes and businesses, and grabbing whatever data can be grabbed by ISPs via deep-packet inspection and other methods still seems to be part of the plan, but now through cheaper and less glamorous wireless services and no longer through the holy grail of data pipelines, optical fiber. And so goes another huge dream to diversity away from advertising.",0
19885,The Powerful Words of John Trudell Ring Out Over Standing Rock,"The Powerful Words of John Trudell Ring Out Over Standing Rock Share on Facebook Tweet The words of John Trudell, who walked on late last year, ring out in this video by filmmakers Heather Rae, Cody Lucich and Ben Dupris, who recently spent time with the water protectors near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation who are trying to stop the Dakota Access oil pipeline’s proposed route under the Missouri River. His words, delivered in the 1980 speech We Are Power, are even more... read more 
The words of John Trudell, who walked on late last year, ring out in this video by filmmakers Heather Rae, Cody Lucich and Ben Dupris, who recently spent time with the water protectors near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation who are trying to stop the Dakota Access oil pipeline’s proposed route under the Missouri River. His words, delivered in the 1980 speech We Are Power , are even more prophetic in the wake of the destruction of sacred burial grounds and the use of dogs and pepper spray against those who tried to stop it. 
“The brutality of the American corporate state way of life is nothing more than violence and repression, and it has nothing to do with power,” Trudell’s voice says. “It is brutality. It’s a lack of a sane balance.” 
Rae, who produced and directed the 2005 Sundance Film Festival documentary selection Trudell , teamed up with Lucich and Dupris and posted this on the Sundance Institute’s website. They graciously shared this, their footage of the movement against the Dakota Access Pipeline, with Indian Country Today Media Network . [watch video below]",0
19886,The Top 10 New York Dishes of 2016 - The New York Times,"A lot of the food that I transfer from fork to mouth is complicated. Some of it dazzles me, some doesn’t, and I write my reviews accordingly. As time passes, though, it’s the less frenetic stuff that tends to stand out in my memory. The juicy   slab of roast beef, the egg on toast served Mumbai style, the île flottante that vanished on my tongue leaving behind just a memory of transient happiness  —   these are some of my favorite dishes from new restaurants in New York, listed here in no particular order. EGGS KEJRIWAL AT PAOWALLA It’s a fried egg on toast under melted Cheddar that stands out from all others because of a   green chutney that has a glossy underpinning of coconut oil: 195 Spring Street, SoHo    paowalla. com.   PHEASANT AT LE COUCOU Oh, just beautifully juicy pheasant breast, a little meatball of braised pheasant leg cooked in cabbage, and enough wobbly foie gras to make you forget that the United States recently held an election: 138 Lafayette Street, SoHo    lecoucou. com. HONEY MESQUITE CAKE AT PONDICHERI Flour from almonds and ground mesquite pods, seasoned purposefully with ginger, make this a morning pastry without precedent: 15 West 27th Street, NoMad    pondichericafe.  . FROZEN YOGURT AT OLMSTED A heap of lavender cream whipped to stiff peaks sits on and blends in with the yogurt in this wonderfully uncomplicated duet for dairy products: 659 Vanderbilt Avenue, Prospect Heights, Brooklyn    olmstednyc. com. CLAM PIZZA AT PASQUALE JONES Small refinements on the New Haven favorite, like marinating littlenecks in garlic and dribbling cream on the pie, make more difference than you’d suppose: 187 Mulberry Street, Little Italy no phone pasqualejones. com. ÎLE FLOTTANTE AT LE COQ RICO A crème Anglaise made with very yellow, very dense egg yolks is the foundation for a sphere of meringue like a snowman’s head. It’s dusted with hard grains of caramel that crackle between your teeth as the meringue collapses: 30 East 20th Street, Flatiron district    lecoqriconyc. com. ROAST BEEF AT MR. DONAHUE’S The flavor is less like the sandwich meat of delis and bodegas than it is like a great slab of rib roast served on your favorite holiday: 203 Mott Street, NoLIta    mrdonahues. com. CLASSIC BURGER AT SALVATION BURGER This is the pure stuff of hungry roadside American daydreams, with all the most   qualities singled out and amplified: 230 East 51st Street, Midtown East    salvationburger. com. CACIO E PEPE FRITELLE AT LILIA Reconfiguring the great and elemental Roman pasta dish as a fried bar snack is an even more clever idea than it sounds: 567 Union Avenue, Williamsburg, Brooklyn    lilianewyork. com. BUCATINI WITH SQUID AND MUSSELS AT HIGH STREET ON HUDSON Seaweed in the noodles and orange curls of cured lobster coral on top give this pasta an oceanic pull as strong as a riptide: 637 Hudson Street, West Village    highstreetonhudson. com.",0
19887,The Inherent Violence of Israel’s Gaza Blockade,"Photo by Swithun Crowe | CC BY 2.0 
This fall, the U.S. agreed to provide $38 billion in military aid to Israel over the next ten years, ensuring America’s continued role in funding the occupation of Palestine. Meanwhile, my friends and colleagues here in Gaza live in fear of another significant Israeli attack in the near future. 
They have every reason to fear another major escalation — violence is a daily reality in Gaza. In two recent incidents, a rocket was fired from Gaza into Israel without causing damage or injuries, and in both instances Israel responded by bombing targets throughout Gaza. 
In August alone, Israel bombed more than 50 locations in the small territory . 
The simple story told about these events focuses on action and reaction: Palestinians attacked Israel with a rocket and Israel responded. We hear this logic after nearly every event of this sort, but it’s woefully incomplete. 
In both instances, the rockets fired weren’t fired by Hamas, but rather by small radical armed groups at odds with Hamas, which governs Gaza. These groups seek to incite Israeli attacks on Hamas with the goal of destabilizing its control over Gaza, because they see Hamas as too comfortable with the status quo. 
Since seizing power in 2007, Hamas has worked to control and limit violence from the territory. Outside of periods of defined military escalation — which tend to be precipitated by Israeli attacks — they have effectively stopped attacks against Israel from Gaza. 
This explains why, as noted by the Israeli press, there were only 14 rockets fired from Gaza towards Israel between January and August this year. None were fired by Hamas, so Israel’s decision to target Hamas as a response makes no sense. 
Of course, 14 rockets fired from Gaza is 14 too many for those of us committed to ending all violence, and none of this should be taken as an apology for other violence perpetrated by Hamas. 
But, as the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in the occupied Palestinian territories reports , there were also 45 Israeli military incursions into Gaza this year, resulting in 7 Palestinian deaths and, on average, injuring five Palestinians in Gaza every week. 
This is the part of the story that isn’t told. 
Gaza also remains under an Israeli-imposed blockade that severely limits travel, trade, and life for Gazans. Despite assurances that restrictions would be lifted in the 2014 Hamas-Israel ceasefire agreement, the blockade remains in effect. 
Israel, with support from the U.S. government, claims this decades-long blockade is in place to pressure the people of Gaza to rise up against Hamas and provide security for Israelis. 
If those are Israel’s raisons d’etre, then it’s a complete failure. It hasn’t stopped violence, it hasn’t weakened Hamas, and it hasn’t brought Israelis or Palestinians security. 
While the blockade hasn’t succeeded in achieving the changes Israel claims to be seeking, its impact on the civilian population of Gaza has been immense. 
Over two years after the end of the last large military operation there, much of Gaza remains in ruins. 
Of the 100,000 Palestinians in Gaza who were displaced during the 2014 Israeli bombardment, over 65,000 remain homeless, as 70 percent of the homes seriously damaged or destroyed haven’t been rebuilt. This is largely because reconstruction materials remain blocked from entering Gaza. 
This important context is too often missing as U.S. pundits and politicians consider the situation in Gaza. 
Given the blockade and regular military incursions imposed by Israel, the firing of less than 2 rockets per month by Palestinians cannot be seen as the core reason for violence. 
If the U.S. is serious about promoting peace between Israelis and Palestinians, preventing future violence in Gaza, and guaranteeing security, then it must recognize the violence inherent in the Israeli occupation and end the blockade. 
The next attack on Gaza, feared by my friends who live there, is an inevitable reality if nothing changes. 
Mike Merryman-Lotze has worked with the American Friends Service Committee as the Palestine-Israel Program Director since 2010. 
Distributed by OtherWords.org. ",0
19888,"94 Psychiatric Patients in South Africa Died of Negligence, Report Finds - The New York Times","Corpses of psychiatric patients were found with head injuries and unexplained bruises. Relatives were not informed of the deaths of their loved ones. The transfers of mentally ill patients were seen as business opportunities. Those were some of the findings of a South African government investigation published on Wednesday that determined that 94 psychiatric patients died of negligence last year after being moved by the authorities in Gauteng Province to facilities that were likened in some cases to concentration camps. The report prompted calls for criminal prosecutions. More than 1, 300 patients under state care were transferred last year from a unit of Life Healthcare Group, a private hospital group in South Africa, to 27 charitable organizations in an effort by the health department in the province to save money. Pretoria, the country’s administrative capital, and Johannesburg are in Gauteng. The investigation was opened last September after 36 patients were found dead after being moved to some of the facilities operated by the charitable organizations. The report, by Professor Malegapuru W. Makgoba, the South African health ombudsman, found that the death toll was nearly 100, however. Investigators found facilities that were overcrowded and “full of hungry patients,” adding that some were wearing pants held together with shoelaces. Other patients complained of rotten food and said they went weeks without medication. The decision to move the patients “was unwise and flawed,” the report said, “with inadequate planning and a chaotic and rushed or hurried implementation process. ” All 27 of the organizations operated under invalid licenses, it said, so patients who were transferred there had died in “unlawful circumstances. ” The authorities in Gauteng Province, along with some of the care centers, could not be reached for comment. “It’s remarkable that only one person has died from a mental   illness,” Professor Makgoba told local new outlets on Wednesday. The others died from “things like dehydration, diarrhea, epilepsy, heart attacks, all other things except mental illness. ” None of the care centers had professional doctors, nurses, psychiatrists or other therapists that normally cared for the patients, Professor Makgoba said in a separate interview on Thursday. “You have state patients in licensed institutions and you put them into unlicensed institutions,” he said. “I was shocked. ” The families of patients, as well as activists and psychiatrists, had vigorously opposed the plan to move the patients, arguing that it was dangerous to send them to facilities that were not equipped to handle them. Christopher Archer, of the South African Society of Psychiatrists, one of the groups that opposed the transfers, said that it was clear that “precipitous action had been taken without proper planning and these patients were moved prematurely before the facilities were property vetted. ” Public health services in South Africa are under enormous strain and severe budgetary constraints, Mr. Archer said in an interview. “There are more patients than there is money and this was considered a move to try to restrain public spending,” he said. “But it turns out it was completely inappropriate. ” The head of the provincial government’s health department, Qedani Mahlangu, resigned on Tuesday, just before the report was published, and there were mounting calls for David Makhura, the premier of Gauteng Province, to do the same. President Jacob Zuma thanked Professor Makgoba for his report, noting that it would help the government “ensure that such a tragedy does not recur in the health sector,” according to The Associated Press, but many South Africans said they were unconvinced. If 94 mental patients had died from official negligence in a “normal democracy,” the entire national government would have been forced to resign, Barney Mthombothi, a former editor of Financial Mail, a South African business publication, wrote on Twitter.",0
19889,"MSNBC’s Nance: Trump Has ’Always Promised Autocracy,’ He’s ’Closest Thing We’ve Ever Had to King George III’ - Breitbart","Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” MSNBC terrorism analyst Malcolm Nance argued that President Donald Trump “never promised democracy” in the election, and instead “always promised autocracy. ”  “Vladimir Putin views Donald Trump as an ally because he intends to establish a series of global autocracies and link the world through autocracy, not through the old communism that he was brought up with,” Nance said to host Joy Reid. He added, “Donald Trump never promised democracy in this election. If you go back, he’s always promised autocracy. In fact, you could argue that   …     Donald Trump is the closest thing we’ve ever had to King George III and they’re very, very much alike. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
19891,Training French soldiers to supervise Daesh,"Training French soldiers to supervise Daesh Voltaire Network | 27 October 2016 français Español italiano Deutsch Türkçe On 22 September 2016, while cleaning around an abandoned troglodyte refuge not far from the church of Saint-Florent on the outskirts of Saumur (France), a group of workers saw three men drive away hurriedly in a white van. Entering the cave, they discovered video equipment and a generator, as well as newspapers in the Arab language and Daesh flags.
Wishing to calm not only the anxiety of the population, but also the police, the gendarmerie and the sub-prefect, General Arnaud Nicolazo de Barmon, commanding officer of the Military Schools in Saumur declared that the men were not terrorists, but students of a training exercise by the Inter-Army Centre for Nuclear, Biological, Chemical and Radiological defence (CIA NBCR).
If such were the case, in the middle of the current state of emergency, the CIA NBCR would have violated the rules of notification for this exercise, which should have been transmitted to the different local authorities before the exercise began. Apart from this, it is not easy to discern how any of the equipment discovered might be in any way useful for exercises in nuclear, radiological, biological and chemical defence.
In the same buildings as the CIA NBCR in Saumur are the schools specialised in Intelligence and Inter-Army Combat.
The presence of French forces has been noted since the very beginning of the events in Syria, in 2011. In 2012, 19 French soldiers who had been taken prisoner were handed back, at the Lebanese border, to the Army Chief of Staff, Admiral Édouard Guillaud, with other soldiers supervising Baba Amr’s Islamic Emirate. The death of French soldiers supervising the Islamist troops was certified in several places, particularly in Sannayeh in 2013. While France, in 2014, had supported Al-Qaïda against Daesh, the presence of French officers within the Caliphate itself has been attested by several witnesses in 2016.
In November 2014, the Pentagon declared that it had killed an agent of the DGSE (Direction Générale de la Sécurité Extérieure) in Samarda – the agent, David Drugeon, was working within Al-Qaïda, while the French Minister for Defence denied any link with the victim. Thereafter, the US Press confirmed that David Drugeon had trained Mohamed Mera (terrorist attacks in Toulouse and Montauban), and the Kouachi brothers (attack on Charlie Hebdo ).
France has never officially recognised that it has troops on the ground in Syria, although it has admitted that it shares common headquarters there with allied special forces .
Translation
Pete Kimberley",0
19892,Video: We Now Have Proof Obamacare Was Designed to Fail… and Here’s Why,"
The oligarchy runs our society with Problem – Reaction – Solution.
We all knew our government was disgustingly corrupt… but now it’s blatantly in-your-face written proof disgustingly corrupt at a time when most of us didn’t think it could get much worse.

If anything, these leaks have proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that the two-party system is an illusion and the whole construct is one huge pay-for-play corporate sham. Obamacare was always meant to destroy the private health care system and usher in single-payer, government run socialist medicine. It was designed that way… and it’s “working”. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Truthstream Media of TruthstreamMedia.com . 
Aaron Dykes and Melissa Melton created Truthstream Media.com as an outlet to examine the news, place it in a broader context, uncover the deceptions, pierce through the fabric of illusions, grasp the underlying factors, know the real enemy, unshackle from the system, and begin to imagine the path towards taking back our lives, one step at a time, so that one day we might truly be free… ",0
19893,"In Tribute to Son, Khizr Khan Offered Citizenship Lesson at Convention - The New York Times","When Capt. Humayun Khan was ordered to Iraq a dozen years ago, his father wanted to talk to him about being an American Muslim soldier sent to war in a Muslim country. His son, though, was focused only on the job at hand. “I asked him, ‘How do you feel about the whole Iraq deal?’ ” recalled Khizr Khan, who became a United States citizen after emigrating from Pakistan in 1980. “He said: ‘Look, that’s not my concern and that’s not my pay grade. My responsibility is to make sure my unit is safe.’ And that’s all he would talk about, and nothing else. ” Captain Khan, 27, died on June 8, 2004, after he told his men to take cover and then tried to stop a suicide bomber outside the gates of his base in Baquba. And on Thursday night, speaking about his son at the Democratic National Convention, Mr. Khan gave a voice to Muslim Americans outraged by the   pronouncements of the Republican nominee for president, Donald J. Trump. In a speech that electrified the convention and turned Mr. Khan into a social media and cable news sensation, he waved a pocket Constitution and challenged Mr. Trump, “You have sacrificed nothing and no one. ” Mr. Trump’s call for restrictions on Muslims entering the country is acutely personal, Mr. Khan said, in an interview on Friday, adding that he had no plans to campaign for Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, nor had the campaign asked him to. Mr. Trump’s campaign did not respond to a request for comment on Mr. Khan’s remarks. In December Mr. Trump called for “a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country’s representatives can figure out what is going on. ” More recently, he has pledged to suspend immigration from any country “compromised by terrorism. ” If restrictions on Muslim immigration had been in place decades ago, Mr. Khan said, neither he, a lawyer with an advanced degree from Harvard Law School his wife, Ghazala, who taught Persian at a Pakistani college before raising three boys in the Washington suburbs their eldest son, Shaharyar, who was a top student at the University of Virginia and a   of a biotechnology company nor Captain Khan, who posthumously earned the Bronze Star, along with a Purple Heart, for saving the lives of his men, would have been allowed to settle here. A third son, Omer, who works at his brother’s biotech company, was born in the United States. “If it was up to Donald Trump, he never would have been in America,” Mr. Khan exclaimed about his deceased son during his speech, his wife by his side. Mr. Khan said that Mr. Trump “wants to build walls and ban us from this country. ” “Let me ask you: Have you even read the United States Constitution? I will gladly lend you my copy,” Mr. Khan said, addressing Mr. Trump directly, while pulling a miniature version of the country’s founding document from his coat pocket. Mr. Khan said he admires both Ronald Reagan and Barack Obama, though Thomas Jefferson is his real hero. Mr. Khan’s odyssey from lawyer and legal consultant to   D. N. C. speaker began in December, when he got a phone call from a writer for Vocativ, an online publication, who wanted his thoughts on Mr. Trump’s statements about Muslims. Mr. Khan criticized Mr. Trump’s statements as   in an article published by Vocativ. A few weeks later, he got a phone call from a Clinton campaign official, who had seen the article and asked if his comments could be used in a tribute for his son at the convention. “I said, ‘What a wonderful honor,’ ” he recalled in the interview. “Who am I to say, ‘No’?” Months later, the campaign asked if he and his wife would come to the convention. “The initial plan was just to go there and stand and talk to the media afterwards,” he said. “Then somebody called and said, ‘Would you like to say a word or two?’ ” Time was tight and the schedule packed, he was told. The campaign asked whether he needed speechwriting help or any coaching. “I said: ‘I really don’t, I have my thoughts in my head,” he said. “I won’t make it an hourlong speech, just let me say what I want to say. It will be   . ” Nothing from the speech, he said, was the product of the campaign, including his dig at Mr. Trump’s lack of military service. It all flowed pretty easily, because he had been thinking about these things for quite a while, he said. Mr. Khan expressed great faith in the Constitution and in a political process that bolsters a belief that “an unqualified person will never get to this office. ” “I respect the Republican Party as much as the Democratic Party,” he said. But he added: “I definitely will continue to raise my voice out of concern that the Republican leadership must pay attention to what is taking place. ” Mr. Khan met his wife at Punjab University in Lahore, Pakistan. They moved to Dubai, where their two eldest sons were born, then arrived in Houston, renting a $   apartment. Eventually they settled outside Washington, where Mr. Khan worked at a mortgage company and law firms. Captain Khan attended John F. Kennedy High School in Silver Spring, Md. In his free time, he taught disabled children to swim. At the University of Virginia, he joined the R. O. T. C. program, and majored in psychology, his father said. He planned to attend law school. His last conversation with his parents was on Mother’s Day 2004. His mother said: “ ‘I don’t want you to be a hero. I want you to return back to me safely,’ ” Mr. Khan recalled. “Of course I will,” he promised her. “But Mother, you should know I have responsibility for these soldiers, and I cannot leave them unprotected. ” The bomber who took Captain Khan’s life drove an    taxi toward the base. Had the captain not warned his men to take cover, “there would have been more casualties,” his brigade commander, Dana Pittard, said in an interview. Recalling the captain’s potential as he watched Mr. Khan’s speech, Mr. Pittard said, “I had to leave the room, it brought back such a flood of memories. ” After their son’s death, Mr. Khan and his wife, who had moved to Charlottesville to be close to their other sons, had the university’s R. O. T. C. cadets over for dinner once a year. Mr. Khan would give them each a   copy of the Constitution, just like the one he brandished on Thursday, said Tim Leroux, who used to run the R. O. T. C. program. University officials let Mr. Khan read an application essay his son wrote for a residential college. In the essay, Captain Khan wrote of how “liberty requires vigilance and sacrifice” and that those who are “beneficiaries of liberty must always bear this in mind, and keep it safe from attacks. ” “That summed up his later life,” Mr. Khan said.",0
19894,"Cohn: Trump Becoming ""Smarter,’ ’More Knowledgeable’ on Climate Change - Breitbart","White House economic advisor Gary Cohn made the curious comment in Sicily on Friday that President Donald Trump’s views on climate change were “evolving. ”[It was not clear exactly what that meant. “Evolution” could mean moving towards the alarmist consensus of the left  —   or it could also mean toward a skeptical view, one more carefully informed by scientific and economic reality.  In political terms, “evolving” is usually a term used by the left, a euphemism to describe when a politician has changed his or her position. Its most significant use was in regards to President Barack Obama’s views on gay marriage, which were said to have “evolved” from outright Christian opposition to   liberal embrace. Like the term “progressive,” the term “evolution” implies an improvement in moral and intellectual terms, from prejudice and ignorance to reason and enlightenment. The left, presuming that its own views are superior, and that the “long arc of history” bends in its direction, expects people to “evolve” in its direction. What was stranger were Cohn’s words explaining how Trump is said to be evolving. The president, he said, was becoming “smarter” and becoming “more knowledgeable” about the issue. Again, that could mean Trump is growing skeptical of the alarmist,   view around which our public debate on climate change revolves. (In obtaining a degree in environmental science and public policy from Harvard, for instance, I became more knowledgeable about the problems in modeling climate  —   problems that have not improved much since then, despite the radical advances in computer technology and data analysis.) It is also possible that Cohn was shaping his assessment of the president’s views to flatter his largely European audience, which believes in climate change the way people on other continents believe in religion. That flattery may have been appropriate, for diplomatic reasons. What defies explanation is why he would imply that his boss had previously been less “smart” about the issue, or less well informed. It is the kind of comment that tends to reinforce the false narrative the media spins about every single Republican president  —   i. e. that he is stupid. It is also a comment that carries considerable political risk. Conservatives resent being told, usually by leftists, that their generally skeptical views on climate change are poorly informed, or “denialist. ” Often, the leftists making such accusations cannot actually explain themselves how climate change is presumed to take place, and never consider a view other than their own. For now, conservatives continue to hold out hope that the president “evolves” the U. S. out of the Paris climate agreement and toward a more sensible policy that uses innovation in energy technology to harness domestic resources of all kinds, and grow the U. S. economy while reducing emissions. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
19895,SpaceX Says It’s Ready to Launch Rockets Again - The New York Times,"After the explosion in September of one of its rockets, SpaceX is now ready to get back into the business of sending payloads to space, the company announced on Monday, with its next rocket headed to orbit as soon as Sunday. In a statement, SpaceX  —   or more formally, Space Exploration Technologies Corporation  —   said that an investigation had determined the likely cause: an unexpected interplay of supercold helium and oxygen with carbon fibers and aluminum. The statement Monday added technical details about what went wrong, and the company said it had devised workarounds to prevent a recurrence. The cascade of explosions on Sept. 1 that destroyed a Falcon 9 rocket on the launchpad at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida was perplexing and concerning, because it occurred during what is usually regarded as a safer portion of operations  —   the fueling of propellants  —   about eight minutes before the ignition of the engines for a planned test. (The launch had been scheduled for two days later.) The trouble appeared to start near the liquid oxygen tank on the second stage of the   rocket, and in less than a tenth of a second, that section was in flames, followed by the destruction of the entire rocket and a $200 million communications satellite whose customers included Facebook, which had planned to use it to expand internet services in Africa. Under current federal laws, investigations into such explosions are led by the company that built the rocket, not by a government agency. The investigation panel included representatives of the Federal Aviation Administration, the United States Air Force, NASA and the National Transportation Safety Board. Falcon 9 rockets are used to carry NASA cargo to the International Space Station and are to provide transportation for astronauts beginning in 2018. SpaceX is also competing to win contracts to launch Department of Defense spy satellites. With few obvious clues to the explosion, the company initially considered hypotheses like sabotage, that a sniper had fired a shot rupturing the oxygen tank from the roof of a competitor’s building nearby. “The accident investigation team worked systematically through an extensive fault tree analysis,” SpaceX said in its statement. The investigation narrowed in on three helium containers within the   liquid oxygen tank. The containers consist of an aluminum liner with an outer layer of strong carbon fibers. During launch, as the liquid oxygen is consumed, the helium is heated and released to maintain pressure within the tank. In December 2015, SpaceX began using an upgraded Falcon 9 design that uses supercooled liquid oxygen at minus 340 degrees, 40 degrees colder than what is typically used. The lower temperature makes the oxygen denser, which improves engine thrust. But the helium was even colder. As the carbon and aluminum cool, they shrink at different rates, opening gaps into which liquid oxygen could flow. In addition, the helium may have been below the temperature at which oxygen freezes, and some of the trapped oxygen may have become solid. “Really surprising problem that’s never been encountered before in the history of rocketry,” Elon Musk, the chief executive of SpaceX, said in an interview on CNBC in November. Both carbon and aluminum can burn, and with oxygen sandwiched in between, all of the ingredients for a conflagration were present. Friction or the breaking of fibers could have provided the energy for ignition, the company said. Tests at SpaceX’s facilities in Hawthorne, Calif. and McGregor, Tex. supported that conclusion, the company said. The configuration of the helium containers has been shifted, and the fueling procedures will change so that the helium will be warmer, SpaceX said. The next SpaceX launch is to carry a   of satellites for Iridium Communications, which provides communications services including satellite telephones through a constellation of satellites. Iridium is looking to replace the surviving 65 original satellites with 70 new satellites, each about the size of a Mini Cooper car. A month ago, Iridium issued a statement saying it hoped that SpaceX would be able to launch its satellites in   but less than a week later, SpaceX said it was pushing back the launch date to early January. The Iridium satellite is to be launched by SpaceX from a leased launchpad at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. For launches from Florida, SpaceX hopes to complete renovations at Launchpad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center, once used for space shuttle launches. SpaceX is tentatively aiming to resume cargo flights to the space station this month.",0
19896,Woman faces jail for dismal selection of office birthday cakes,"Tuesday 22 November 2016 by Neil Tollfree Woman faces jail for dismal selection of office birthday cakes 
An Essex woman is facing prison for providing a dismal selection of cakes for the office to celebrate her birthday. 
The incident took place at the offices of Hadley and Kemp Solutions in Hatfield Peveral yesterday. It was Eileen Plankton’s birthday and anticipation was high as she entered the office with several Marks and Spencer bags. 
“Oh yeah, everyone was really impressed,” said a colleague who wished to remain anonymous. 
“I mean – Markses; I thought we were in for a real treat. They do a lovely cream horn.” 
After several hours of playfully tormenting her colleagues with amusing comments like ‘these bags? No, they’re just lunch. I’m a bit peckish today,’ Mrs Plankton finally sent the following email: 
21 again, and if you believe that you’ll believe anything. Some sweet treats on Len’s desk (he’s off having his prolapse sorted, so he won’t mind). 
However, excitement turned to disappointment as the true nature of the cakes became clear. 
“Well, she might as well have just shat all over the desk,” continued Mrs Plankton’s colleague. 
“They weren’t Markses cakes at all, she’d just reused the bags. There was a box of Poundstretcher’s broken biscuits, some cheap cheese straws and six boxes of Value jam tarts. 
“I mean, I didn’t know what to do with myself. This horrible silence descended as everyone saw what she’d done. 
“I just ate nine jam tarts without looking at her and walked off not even bothering to say ‘Thank you’.” 
Shortly afterwards the police were called, Mrs Plankton was arrested and she is expected to be sentenced to between 18-24 months for her crimes. Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",0
19897,'We don't care about your red line': Turkey slams EU criticism over journalists' arrests - Russia News Now,"This post was originally published on this site 
sott.net/news 
© Murad Sezer / Reuters An armored police vehicle drives past by the headquarters of Cumhuriyet newspaper, an opposition secularist daily, in Istanbul, Turkey, October 31, 2016. 
Turkish PM Binali Yildirim has responded to concerns expressed by Ankara’s EU partners over the situation with the freedom of expression in the country, saying that European standards apparently have no importance for Turkey. 
Following Monday’s arrests of the editor-in-chief and other top staff of Turkey’s opposition Cumhuriyet daily, European Parliament President Martin Schulz harshly criticized Ankara’s actions, having called it a part of a “purge… motivated by political considerations, rather than legal and security rationale.” 
Turkey has once again crossed the “red line” against freedom of expression, the politician wrote on Twitter. 
“Brother, we don’t care about your red line. It’s the people who draw the red line. What importance does your line have. We draw another red line on top of yours,” Yildirim told members of his ruling AK Party in a parliament speech. 
Implying that its only the people of Turkey who can hold the government “accountable” for its actions, Yildirim said Ankara would not be intimidated by EU’s “threats”. 
Crowds gathered by the Cumhuriyet offices during the night, to express their support for the media, Reuters reported. According to Turkey’s journalists’ association, 170 media outlets have been shut down following the attempted coup. 
“We are not going to learn from you what press freedom is. We support it all the way,” Reuters quoted Yildirim as saying. 
The new wave of arrests and investigations of the Cumhuriyet staff come under accusations that the media – which has been critical of President Tayyip Erdogan, had assisted a failed military coup in July. Alleging that the journalists played their part in the coup by publishing “subliminal messages” in their columns, according to Turkish Anadolu agency, prosecutors accused them of supporting Kurdish militants and US-based cleric Fethullah Gulen. The latter is blamed by the government for orchestrating the coup. 
“[Our European friends] always bring up press freedom when we take steps in our fight against terrorism,” the prime minister said, adding that Turkey has “no problem with press freedom.” 
[embedded content] ",0
19898,The Playlist: Barack Obama’s Summery Playlists and Green Day’s Fiery Return - The New York Times,"Every Friday, pop critics for The New York Times weigh in on the week’s most notable new songs and videos  —   and anything else that strikes them as intriguing  —   in the Playlist. You can listen to this playlist on Spotify here. Like this format? Let us know at theplaylist@nytimes. com. Every time Dad gets control of the Sonos, he’s always trying to tell us something. Like, in the mornings, there’s this persistent thrum of good vibes. Energy so positive it makes caffeine seem like codeine. The Courtney Barnett song with the least anxiety! Nina    with Aretha! That bluesy Sara Bareilles song with the hiccupping piano! Literally “Good Vibrations!” He’ll play a couple of rap songs with cursing in them  —   LOL  —   but nothing with any real teeth. Not even Kendrick! (Weirdly, no gospel, though.) Every day, it’s like this: A reminder to face the world with, like, an open heart. It’s no wonder then that, at night, all dad wants to do is chill. I mean, do you hear those songs? I mean, not even the whole song  —   just the first few seconds of throbby   synths on that Chrisette Michele song! Or that Corinne Bailey Rae one, the one literally called “Green Aphrodisiac. ” When D’Angelo’s “Lady” comes on, it’s almost as if Dad is trolling us, but really what he’s saying is that it’s time, after a day of relentless optimism in the face of national and international trauma, for grown folks to relax. Yes, Dad. We hear you. JON CARAMANICA The next album by Green Day  —   “Revolution Radio,” due on Oct. 7  —   returns the band to charged sociopolitical footing, and to a froth of righteous insurgence. You wouldn’t have to hear any music to recognize that this is the best possible news for Green Day, which has been mostly quiet over the last few years, and most recently released an album (three of them, actually) in 2012. “Bang Bang,” the first single from “Revolution Radio,” has all the snarl and pep you could want, mobilizing classic punk strategies with ruthless pop efficiency. But its lyrical premise is pointed and potent: Billie Joe Armstrong wrote the song in the voice of a delusional young mass shooter, dreaming of glory and infamy: It’s an unsettling chorus to picture on an arena stage, with thousands of fans belting along. But unsettling is what Mr. Armstrong wants here, and the furiously catchy qualities of the tune help his cause. NATE CHINEN No one in pop walks tightropes more elegantly than Chance the Rapper. And in this   song, which is really the soundtrack for a short film advertising Nike and the United States Olympic men’s and women’s basketball teams, he manages to be a rapper, singer and   poet both creatively progressive and amenably corporate and simultaneously politically radical and earnestly patriotic. He’s a gold medalist in playing to the crowds  —   all of them. J. C. Thursday night the Robert Glasper Experiment played a brief set on its home turf, as part of the BRIC Celebrate Brooklyn! Festival in Prospect Park. From the stage, Mr. Glasper announced that the band’s new studio album, “ArtScience,” is due on Sept. 16. A lead single, “Find You,” gives some hint as to the band’s new coordinates: less simmering RB, more   fusion. It features the bassist Derrick Hodge on lead vocals, singing a romantic entreaty through light electronic processing, while the band hurtles through several variations on a groove. A guest guitar solo by Michael Severson leaves no doubt as to the role that   virtuosity can play here. And after the track seems to have wound down, there’s a coda with a   by Mr. Glasper’s young son, Riley, who rails against police injustice: “We stand up for freedom. ” N. C. The splashiest debut in   this week came from the female foursome Blackpink  —   Jennie, Lisa, Jisoo and Rosé  —   who appear   to fill the hole left by the hiatus of pioneering girl group (and labelmates, on YG Entertainment) 2NE1. Of Blackpink’s first two singles, the better one is “Whistle,” which uses the Ying Yang Twins’s “Wait (The Whisper Song)” as a   point for an elastic   thumper. Like 2NE1, Blackpink features singers and rappers  —   Lisa’s rapping is the highlight here  —   and a sleek blend of exuberance and sass. J. C. To date, the Scranton, Pa. punk outfit the Menzingers have been happiest as brawlers  —   thoughtful brawlers, but rowdy all the same. The new single “Lookers” feels like a sore muscle: solid at the core, but tender at the edges. The lead singer Greg Barnett sings of the king he once was  —   “Lost in a picture   way my body used to behave”  —   with both longing and residual verve. (And he applies a heavy patina of geographically specific   nostalgia  —   “Jersey girls are always total   Julie from the Wonder   I still wonder where you are”  —   that verges on Gaslight Anthem territory.) For a band prone to upheaval, this song about the fading of the light is surprisingly meditative. Mr. Barnett never sounds rueful, only grateful for the shot he once had, and maybe missed. J. C. The   and jazz bassist Esperanza Spalding has just announced a tour, kicking off this weekend at the Richmond Jazz Festival and winding across North and South America through the fall. She’s drawing from “Emily’s D+Evolution,” the album she released in the spring, signaling a firm alignment with funk, rock and soul. One of the best songs on the album is “Unconditional Love,” a   ballad in which Ms. Spalding questions the need for so much turmoil in a relationship, calling for something simpler and truer. A handsome new video for the song (directed by Calmatic, who has mainly worked with   artists) shows Ms. Spalding backstage at a concert venue, being primped for a performance. Then comes a sudden transformation: She’s Emily, her childlike alter ego, in street clothes and a different hairdo. Liberated, she wanders, dances and finds her romantic foil, in a series of scenes that could either be a figment of imagination or as real as it gets. N. C. The jazz pianist Fred Hersch rarely sounds better than he does at the Village Vanguard, where he’ll be in residence with his trio next week. He has an inspired new album, “Sunday at the Vanguard,” recorded in the spring, on the final night of his most recent engagement there. “Blackwing Palomino” is one of its five original compositions, a moseying tune that conveys intensity of purpose without ever breaking a sweat. It’s a strong argument for Mr. Hersch’s acutely sensitive bond with the bassist John Hébert and the drummer Eric McPherson, who have constituted his trio for the better part of a decade. Placed alongside the other originals, a songbook standard (“A Cockeyed Optimist”) a Beatles tune (“For No One”) and one by Thelonious Monk (“We See”) it becomes part of a representative picture of Mr. Hersch’s nightclub set on a good night. That’s ample reason to seek out the album, as well as a reminder to book a reservation at the club. N. C.",0
19899,Televisión: lo más visto ayer,"TV3 
Día extraordinario el de ayer en la parrilla televisiva. Por primera vez desde que hay registros, La 2 de Televisión Española consiguió ser la cadena más vista. Aprovechando el tirón de “Operación Triunfo: el Reencuentro”, emitió el documental de National Geographic titulado “La Cobra” . Gracias a esto, #ChenoaDiosa fue Trending Topic mundial. 
Telecinco ocupó el segundo puesto en el ránking catódico con la emisión de un especial Sálvame Deluxe , donde Susana Díaz se sometía al polígrafo. El minuto de oro fue el momento en que la andaluza negó haber conspirado contra Pedro Sánchez y el polígrafo explotó. 
El estreno del nuevo reality de Cuatro alcanzó unas cifras aceptables, constatando que el mundo del sadomasoquismo está en auge. La cadena de Mediaset ya ha confirmado que habrá segunda temporada de Sadomaso busca esposas . 
No tuvo tanta suerte Antena 3, que también estrenaba un nuevo formato: Tu tara me suena . Diferentes famosos se caracterizan de gente con diferentes defectos físicos. La estrella de la noche fue Arévalo, que sacó del baúl de los recuerdos su fantástica interpretación de un gangoso. 
La Sexta vivió una de sus peores jornadas desde su nacimiento. Una afonía de Ferreras dejó en cuadros a la cadena, obligándola a suspender sus emisiones y a poner en bucle el mítico desmayo de Lopetegui. 
La cadena estatal menos vista ayer fue La 1 de Televisión Española. No logró convencer a la audiencia con su capítulo especial de El Ministerio del Tiempo . La trama situaba a los protagonistas en un pasado reciente, cuando Bárcenas entró de tesorero en el Partido Popular. Sin embargo, los discos duros donde se guardó el capítulo fueron formateados misteriosamente, precipitando el final del capítulo tan solo 15 minutos después de empezar. 
En clave autonómica, la catalana TV3 obtuvo un espectacular 93% de “share” con el programa “Tapetes de ganchillo para tu butaca” , evidenciando el considerable envejecimiento de su audiencia. 
En Euskadi, ETB tuvo unos resultados discretos con el documental “Searching for Pintxo Man” , la biografía de un vasco que, sin saberlo, es una celebridad en Sudáfrica gracias a sus pintxos de txistorra. 
La Televisión de Galicia pinchó con la final de su reality “Operación Munheira” . El público debía votar al mejor concursante del programa. Como siempre que se vota, ganó el PP.",0
19900,Tiger Woods Withdraws from Two Tournaments: ‘Don’t Think I’ll Ever Feel Great Again’ - Breitbart,"“I feel good, not great,” Tiger Woods told chief executive of the RA, Peter Dawson. “I don’t think I’ll ever feel great again because it’s been three back surgeries and four knee operations. ”[That somewhat pessimistic characterization of his own health condition puts a dark shadow over Tiger Woods’ prospects of ever surpassing Jack Nicklaus’ 18 major championships. Woods owns 14 majors and is second to The Golden Bear on the   major winners’ list. Moreover, with the field of impressive and fit young talent on the PGA tour, the question becomes whether a “good” Tiger can ever walk off the 18th hole on a Sunday afternoon resting alone at the top of the leaderboard.   A back spasm last week at the Dubai Desert Classic forced Woods to pull himself from the tournament after stumbling to a    77 in the first round. The    who once dominated the sport and ranked #1 in the world for over a decade, now must lower the expectations bar as he faces the reality of a failing body. “I’m always going to be a little bit sore. As long as I can function, I’m fine with that,” Tiger spoke. “It was a tough, tough road,” the beleaguered golf icon told CNN when referring to his protracted   layoff to recover from his last two back surgeries. “There was a lot of dark times where I couldn’t get out of bed, couldn’t move, the pain was too great.  “Anyone who’s ever had nerve pain in their back, they certainly understand what that feels like. I honestly didn’t know this time last year, I didn’t know if I’d ever play golf again. Just because of the fact that it’s nerve pain. ” Woods started his comeback in December playing at his own tournament, the Hero World Challenge, where he showed some glimpses of his old self. He fired a 65 on his Friday round and led the field with most birdies over the   tournament, despite finishing 15th in a field of 18.  Woods teed it up for his first   tournament since his layoff, the Farmers Insurance Open at Torrey Pines, two weeks ago. That ended poorly for the winner of 79 PGA tournaments, as he failed to make the cut to play on the weekend. The positive takeaway, however, was he felt strong and swung well. Unfortunately, the flat stick failed him during his Thursday and Friday rounds, where he misread greens and lipped out several putts. Woods previously won at Torrey Pines 8 times, including the US Open in 2008. Friday Woods announced on his own website “that due to ongoing back spasms, similar to what he experienced in Dubai, he will be unable to compete in the Genesis Open and The Honda Classic. ”  “My doctors have advised me not to play the next two weeks, to continue my treatment and to let my back calm down,” Woods explains. “This is not what I was hoping for or expecting. I am extremely disappointed to miss the Genesis Open, a tournament that benefits my foundation, and The Honda Classic, my hometown event. I would like to thank Genesis for their support, and I know we will have an outstanding week. ” Tiger was scheduled to play both of those tournaments as key stepping stones to sharpening his game for his return to the Masters at Augusta National Golf Club in April. Woods’ chance to add another major victory to his distinguished career appears to be fading away once again.",0
19901,FBI Agents Must Come Forward to Confront Corruption,"FBI Agents Must Come Forward to Confront Corruption November 07, 2016 FBI Agents Must Come Forward to Confront Corruption 
We are in uncharted territory. Unfettered corruption has metastasized to the highest levels of government. FBI Director James Comey, a man once widely respected throughout all levels of law enforcement, has sadly sealed his legacy as a crooked shill for the Clinton crime family. It’s the theatre of the absurd. Based upon his Sunday announcement that he intends to put the kibosh, for now at least, on Hillary Clinton’s criminal investigations, Mr. Comey has asked the American people to believe that the FBI thoroughly reviewed 650,000 emails from Anthony Weiner’s laptop in a whopping 691,200 seconds. I suspect Comey may have come across details of his own impending “suicide” on Weiner’s hard drive. It’s little wonder that trust for government is at an all-time low, and that the FBI has become a national laughing stock. 
Indeed, a preponderance of legal and political analysists agree that the level of corruption and cover-up forcing Richard Nixon to resign his presidency in disgrace in 1974, pales by comparison to the evidence behind the multiple criminal investigations surrounding Hillary Clinton – the Democratic Party’s embattled presidential nominee. Both the Clinton Foundation and Clinton email scandals represent, jointly and separately, Watergate on steroids. 
While a week ago Mr. Comey sent a letter to both Republicans and Democrats in Congress advising them that, “In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the [ongoing Clinton] investigation,” an even greater bombshell shook the Clinton camp mid-week. “Fox News reports Wednesday night that the FBI’s Clinton Foundation probe has produced an ‘avalanche of evidence’ likely to result in indictments,” reports the Washington Times. 
“Bret Baier, based on two sources, said in a tweet that ‘barring obstruction they’d likely continue 2 push to try for an indictment.’” The “obstruction” referenced, as Baier later explained, is that presently being conducted by the Obama Department of Justice (DOJ) in general, and Attorney General Loretta Lynch in particular. As leaks indicate, the DOJ has placed a roadblock at every corner in an effort to obstruct the ongoing FBI investigations into Mrs. Clinton’s illicit activities. Multiple reports further indicate that said DOJ obstruction has triggered an uprising within the Bureau. 
“Mr. Baier,” continues the Times, “said the probe into pay-for-play charges at the Foundation by the Bureau’s White Collar Crime division has been going on for more than a year and has involved multiple interviews with numerous individuals.” 
It doesn’t take a beltway insider to recognize that if Hillary Clinton takes the White House on Tuesday, an unprecedented constitutional crisis looms large. An already divided nation will be thrown into chaos, and a hyper-partisan Washington D.C. will effectively settle, like concrete, into total gridlock. 
The aforementioned criminal investigations into Secretary Clinton’s activities, though intertwined in a tangled web of deleted emails, pay-to-play shakedowns and obstruction of justice, are otherwise quite easy to understand. While serving as Secretary of State Mrs. Clinton had a private email server installed in the basement of her Chappaqua, NY home with the express, and very much illegal, purpose of leveraging her federal power and authority to both solicit Clinton Foundation donations, and to conduct official State business. The private server enabled her to avoid government oversight and accountability, and to racketeer under cover of darkness. 
Mrs. Clinton then obtained and used a private email address, , to conceal her illicit activity. While soliciting bribes from foreign dignitaries, Islamic terrorist nations, and foreign corporate wheeler-dealers, she likewise transmitted highly classified government information over her unsecured network. No less than five enemy nations then hacked the account with little difficulty, gaining access to classified State secrets. 
Mrs. Clinton shamelessly – treasonously – placed her own personal enrichment above national security and the lives and safety of American citizens both at home and abroad. 
Thus, in the interest of both justice and the best interests of the American people, FBI agents and other government officials with direct evidence of Hillary Clinton's crimes (and the Obama DOJ’s ongoing cover-up) should immediately release that evidence to both Congress and the public at large. It’s not a “leak” when the level of systemic crime and corruption has reached critical mass, as it has within both the Obama administration and Mrs. Clinton’s presidential campaign. These public servants will be whistleblowers, not rouge agents – patriots, not partisans. Their oath is to the U.S. Constitution, not to a second rate community organizer, his Marxist political party, or that party’s career criminal presidential nominee. 
They’d better hurry, though. Mr. Obama likely has his Clinton pardon already drafted and saved on “we the people’s” very-much-secure government server. 
Matt Barber is founder and editor-in chief of BarbWire.com . He is author of “Hating Jesus: The American Left’s War on Christianity,” a columnist, a cultural analyst and an attorney concentrating in constitutional law. Having retired as an undefeated heavyweight professional boxer, Matt has taken his fight from the ring to the culture war. (Follow Matt on Twitter: @jmattbarber). Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",0
19902,The De Facto US/Al Qaeda Alliance,"License DMCA 
A curious aspect of the Syrian conflict -- a rebellion sponsored largely by the United States and its Gulf state allies -- is the disappearance in much of the American mainstream news media of references to the prominent role played by Al Qaeda in seeking to overthrow the secular Syrian government of Bashar al-Assad. 
There's much said in the U.S. press about ISIS, the former ""Al Qaeda in Iraq"" which splintered off several years ago, but Al Qaeda's central role in commanding Syria's ""moderate"" rebels in Aleppo and elsewhere is the almost unspoken reality of the Syrian war. Even in the U.S. presidential debates, the arguing between Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton has been almost exclusively about ISIS, not Al Qaeda. 
Though Al Qaeda got the ball rolling on America's revenge wars in the Middle East 15 years ago by killing several thousand Americans and others in the 9/11 attacks, the terrorist group has faded into the background of U.S. attention, most likely because it messes up the preferred ""good guy/bad guy"" narrative regarding the Syrian war. 
For instance, the conflict in Aleppo between Syrian government forces and rebels operating primarily under Al Qaeda's command is treated in the Western media as simply a case of the barbaric Assad and his evil Russian ally Vladimir Putin mercilessly bombing what is portrayed as the east Aleppo equivalent of Disney World, a place where innocent children and their families peacefully congregate until they are targeted for death by the Assad-Putin war-crime family. 
The photos sent out to the world by skillful rebel propagandists are almost always of wounded children being cared for by the "" White Helmet"" rebel civil defense corps , which has come under growing criticism for serving as a public-relations arm of Al Qaeda and other insurgents. (There also are allegations that some of the most notable images have been staged , like a fake war scene from the 1997 dark comedy, ""Wag the Dog."") - Advertisement - 
Rare Glimpse of Truth 
Yet, occasionally, the reality of Al Qaeda's importance in the rebellion breaks through, even in the mainstream U.S. media, although usually downplayed and deep inside the news pages, such as the A9 article in Saturday's New York Times by Hwaida Saad and Anne Barnard describing a rebel offensive in Aleppo. It acknowledges: 
""The new offensive was a strong sign that rebel groups vetted by the United States were continuing their tactical alliances with groups linked to Al Qaeda, rather than distancing themselves as Russia has demanded and the Americans have urged. ... The rebels argue that they cannot afford to shun any potential allies while they are under fire, including well-armed and motivated jihadists, without more robust aid from their international backers."" (You might note how the article subtly blames the rebel dependence on Al Qaeda on the lack of ""robust aid"" from the Obama administration and other outside countries -- even though such arms shipments violate international law.) 
What the article also makes clear in a hazy kind of way is that Al Qaeda's affiliate, the recently renamed Nusra Front, and its jihadist allies, such as Ahrar al-Sham, are waging the brunt of the fighting while the CIA-vetted ""moderates"" are serving in mostly support roles. The Times reported: 
""The insurgents have a diverse range of objectives and backers, but they issued statements of unity on Friday. Those taking part in the offensive include the Levant Conquest Front, a militant group formerly known as the Nusra Front that grew out of Al Qaeda; another hard-line Islamist faction, Ahrar al-Sham; and other rebel factions fighting Mr. Assad that have been vetted by the United States and its allies."" - Advertisement - 
The article cites Charles Lister, a senior fellow and Syria specialist at the Middle East Institute in Washington, and other analysts noting that ""the vast majority of the American-vetted rebel factions in Aleppo were fighting inside the city itself and conducting significant bombardments against Syrian government troops in support of the Qaeda-affiliated fighters carrying out the brunt of front-line fighting."" 
Lister noted that 11 of the 20 or so rebel groups conducting the Aleppo ""offensive have been vetted by the C.I.A. and have received arms from the agency, including anti-tank missiles. ... 
""In addition to arms provided by the United States, much of the rebels' weaponry comes from regional states, like Turkey, Qatar and Saudi Arabia,"" Mr. Lister said, ""including truck-borne multiple-rocket launcher systems and Czech-made Grad rockets with extended ranges."" 
The U.S./Al Qaeda Alliance",0
19903,Trump’s Economic Program Set For Rough Reality,"Last night, Donald Trump soundly won the presidential election and defeated former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Clinton was a problematic candidate from the beginning, and only secured the nomination because she was backed by arrogant party elites. 
Trump’s victory was due in no small part to his gains in the so-called rust belt , where he pulled out victories in Ohio, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania (Michigan remains too close to call currently). Trump promised to bring back manufacturing jobs to the region by renegotiating trade deals such as NAFTA. He also called for placing tariffs on foreign goods to discourage unfair competition, such as when foreign countries manipulate their currency. Usually, Trump singles out China for currency manipulation.
It is no surprise that people living in depressed areas, where manufacturing jobs were shipped overseas, found Trump’s promise appealing and abandoned the Democratic Party’s Wall Street-backed candidate.
But what about the rest of Trump’s economic program? According to the Trump campaign’s website , Trump will create 25 million new jobs by increasing GDP to 4% each year through the new trade agenda, rolling back federal regulations, repealing Obamacare, and tax reform.
4% would be a massive increase in GDP, which currently hovers around 2% . In a speech before the New York Economic Club, Trump admitted few economists agree that he can reach a 4% annual GDP growth rate, though he labeled that as “cynicism.” 
Trump has also made late additions to his tax reform plan, which currently includes a new deduction for child care expenses, an initiative spearheaded by Trump’s daughter, Ivanka. Also part of the current plan is a 20% tax cut for corporations, from 35% to 15%. Trump correctly notes that corporations rarely actually pay the 35% rate anyway.
The rest of the tax code gets a makeover. Trump plans to take the current seven tax brackets down to three, with the top income tax being 33% and the top capital gains rate being 20%. Lower income Americans will arguably pay more as the lowest income rate will go from 10 to 12% and the overall burden on the wealthy will be reduced by the corporate and income tax cuts.
But more to the point, there is little evidence to support the supply-side contention that lower taxes increase economic growth. For Trump to hit his 4% GDP number, he will have to rely on deregulation, repealing Obamacare, and gains from America First trade policies to drive the largest economy in the world into historically high growth.
The post Trump’s Economic Program Set For Rough Reality appeared first on Shadowproof .",0
19904,"Ryan on GOP Losing House Majority in 2018: ‘Blah, Blah, Blah,’ ’White Noise of Washington’ - Breitbart","Friday on Hugh Hewitt’s radio show, when asked about a potential Democratic wave taking control of the House of Representatives in the 2018 midterm elections, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) “Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah is what I say about that stuff. Look, this is what I call the white noise of   media. ”  Partial transcript as follows: HEWITT: Now because of President Trump’s troubles, the mainstream media is out there blocking and tackling for ranking Minority Leader Pelosi suggesting a wave election is coming your way, that your majority is at risk. What do you make of that? RYAN: Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah is what I say about that stuff. Look, this is what I call the white noise of   media. We’re busy doing our work. We’re busy, I mean, just this week, we moved law enforcement legislation with police week to give them the tools they need to keep us safe. We put new sanctions on Syria. We improved Will Hurd’s federal information technology reform legislation, which will streamline government. Ways and Means did hearings on tax reform. The Education Workforce Committee put a bill out to close the skills gap so that people can get technical education. Mack Thornberry is working on his 3rd installment of streamlining Pentagon bureaucracy and procurement reforms. Veterans Affairs approved 11 bills. I mean, I can keep going if you want me to, and the 14th Congressional Review Act was signed into law this week. Nobody did anything in the press about those things. This Congressional Review Act, where you rescind recent regulations, in this case, from the Obama legislation, this tool was used once in history rescinding regulations. We’ve done it 14 times in four months just this year alone. So that’s what we’re working on. (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
19906,"Trump’s View of Syria: How It Evolved, in 19 Tweets - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Donald J. Trump had a blunt warning for his predecessor. “We should stay the hell out of Syria,” he wrote on Twitter in June 2013, after President Barack Obama directed American forces to increase support to Syrian rebels in the wake of a deadly chemical weapons attack by that country’s government. Nearly four years later, now president himself and grappling with how to respond to another chemical weapons attack by the Syrian government, Mr. Trump ignored his own warnings and did what Mr. Obama threatened but never carried out: order a missile strike targeting assets of President Bashar  . To understand the magnitude of Mr. Trump’s reversal and the history of his public stances on one of the world’s bloodiest civil wars, one need look no further than the president’s Twitter account. Mr. Trump posted dozens of tweets about the conflict in the years before he declared his candidacy for the White House, and frequently did so during the campaign as well. Channeling the same bluntness that helped fuel his political rise, he carved out a staunchly noninterventionist stance on the conflict and criticized as plodding Mr. Obama’s approach. But he also made one thing clear: If he was in charge, any action would be swift and secretive to catch Mr. Assad off guard. We have sifted through Mr. Trump’s account for the highlights: It was several months after it began before the growing conflict in Syria appears to have attracted Mr. Trump’s attention, and, even then, it was only a blip. Mr. Trump, at the time best known as a reality television personality, first weighed in on Syria in October 2011 to criticize the United Nations for its inaction after China and Russia had successfully blocked sanctions against the Assad government. Nearly a year later, in the summer of 2012, Mr. Trump wrote again, this time aiming his criticism squarely at Mr. Obama for letting Russia begin to gain a foothold in the country  —   a mistake he said Mr. Obama’s Republican challenger at the time, Mitt Romney, would not have made. Late the next summer, as evidence began to emerge of a deadly chemical weapons attack on   suburbs of Damascus, the country’s capital, the Obama administration began to debate military retaliation. And Mr. Trump unleashed a torrent of criticism. In dozens of tweets, he warned Mr. Obama to “stay out” of Syria and focus on problems at home. Intervention, he said, would only risk hurting civilians and empowering   terrorists. Despite his opposition to intervention, Mr. Trump repeatedly urged Mr. Obama to seek congressional approval to carry out punitive strikes against the Assad regime, warning that Mr. Obama would be making a “big mistake” if he failed to do so. At the same time he was tweeting his thoughts on how Washington should handle the crisis, Mr. Trump maintained the effort had already been sabotaged by too much “talk. ” Mr. Trump said he would have done things differently had he been in charge. It was an argument he would later repeat as a candidate, and as president. The debate over intervention centered in large part around a statement  Mr. Obama made in 2012. The use of chemical weapons by Mr. Assad, he said, would cross a “red line” that would change the president’s calculus and have “enormous consequences” for the Syrian government. As he would do frequently during his campaign for president two years later, Mr. Trump used Twitter to repeatedly ridicule Mr. Obama’s line as “very dumb. ” Facing stiff opposition in Congress, Mr. Obama unexpectedly said he would hold off on military action to instead pursue an international agreement to destroy Syria’s stockpile of chemical weapons. Mr. Trump dismissed the proposal as a “red line 2,” and said it strengthened Mr. Assad. As the conflict receded from the public spotlight, Mr. Trump turned to other subjects. Aside from a couple of stray mentions of the country in connection with the allied campaign against the Islamic State, Mr. Trump did not take it up again until late 2015  —   after he had become a Republican candidate for president. He again warned about getting involved with Syria, and also cast suspicion upon refugees, whose flight out of the   nation had prompted an international crisis. Mr. Trump reiterated many of his older positions in the   to last fall’s election. This time, he focused on tying American policy  —   which he termed a disaster created by Mr. Obama  —   to Hillary Clinton, the former secretary of state and his Democratic opponent.",0
19907,Watch: Pentagon Released Explosion Footage for ’Mother of All Bombs’ Dropped on Afghanistan - Breitbart,"New video of massive bomb hitting ISIS https:  .  CNN aired footage Friday of the    or “Massive Ordnance Air Blast,” dropped Thursday on the Islamic State in Afghanistan.  The bomb, also known as the “Mother of All Bombs,” reportedly killed 36 ISIS militants while targeting the terror group’s complex network of tunnels and caves.   is the U. S.’s largest   bomb ever used in combat. Thursday marks the first time it has ever been used outside of testing. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo",0
19908,"Democrats’ Divisions Linger, but Parties Have Seen Far Worse - The New York Times","PHILADELPHIA  —   Follow along with our coverage of the Democratic National Convention. For all the noise, demonstrations, walkouts and silent protests, the divisions on display here as Democrats nominated Hillary Clinton for president do not appear to present a major threat to her candidacy, paling in contrast to intramural battles that have doomed nominees in the past and that threaten Donald J. Trump today. Even as Mr. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, has sought to take advantage of the acrimony by appealing directly to the supporters of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign has methodically used the first three days of this convention to win over those supporters. Almost on the hour, the lights in the convention hall have dimmed to present “Trump in His Own Words,” a series of short video clips that show Mr. Trump offering contentious views on, for example, women and pregnancy in the workplace, advertisements clearly aimed at Sanders backers at the gathering. “I don’t think it’s going to be a permanent division,” said Gov. Jerry Brown of California, a Democrat who lost his own bitter primary campaign for president against Bill Clinton in 1992 and whose state delegation has been a hotbed of Sanders support. “The stakes are high. The issues are very sharp. There will be a real convergence around the core ideas of the campaign. ” Despite a modest walkout after the roll call and a march on the convention hall by Sanders supporters as Mr. Clinton spoke on Tuesday, the convention has offered each night a broad   of the party leadership that has allied behind Mrs. Clinton: speeches of support from President Obama, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Howard Dean, whose 2004 candidacy for president recalls the one Mr. Sanders ran. “The Sanders people walked out last night  —   there were less than 100 of them!” Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the Senate minority leader, said. Mr. Sanders was given a   speech to make the case to his supporters that it was time to rally behind Mrs. Clinton. At the behest of the Clinton campaign, he moved to nominate her by acclamation to make it appear unanimous, just as she had done for Barack Obama in 2008. Even before the convention began, polls showed that a substantial majority of Mr. Sanders’s backers said they would vote for Mrs. Clinton over Mr. Trump, and if history is any guide, those numbers will only grow as Election Day approaches. Todd Gitlin, a historian, said both parties have over the years faced divisions that were deeper and that festered through Election Day, including when Hubert Humphrey emerged from a Democratic primary contest with Eugene McCarthy and Robert F. Kennedy to lose to Richard M. Nixon in 1968, as well as when Barry Goldwater, after a divided Republican convention four years earlier, lost to Lyndon B. Johnson. The current Republican Party may also fall into that category, given how many powerful Republicans have refused to back Mr. Trump. “In 1968, the cleavage in the party was far deeper than it is now,” Mr. Gitlin said. “The hatred in the streets between the Humphrey supporters and the supporters of Kennedy and McCarthy was so intense. People like me didn’t vote. I don’t think we are looking at anything like that today. ” Which is not to say that this is going to be an easy walk down the aisle. In interviews, Democrats said they worried less about Sanders supporters voting for Mr. Trump than about them not turning out at all, or casting votes for, say, the Libertarian Party or Green Party candidates. “I think there will be some loss of votes to   candidates,” Stanley Greenberg, a Democratic pollster, said. Former President George Bush has long blamed his   defeat in 1992 on the   candidacy of Ross Perot. Ralph Nader, who ran for president in 2000 on a   line, cost Al Gore, a Democrat, the election against Mr. Bush’s son, in the view of many party members. Mr. Sanders’s support for Mrs. Clinton crystallized only recently. Well into the summer, he was still making a vigorous case against her  —   on issues like trade and what he described as her sympathies to Wall Street  —   drawing loud cheers and hardening opposition to Mrs. Clinton at his rallies. “Long after it was clear he was not going to be a nominee, he was attacking her as an instrument of Wall Street,” Mr. Greenberg said. The reconciliation was no doubt complicated even more this week when Gov. Terry McAuliffe of Virginia, a longtime adviser to the Clintons, strongly suggested to an interviewer that Mrs. Clinton would change her position again on the   Partnership Treaty and try to put it in effect once she was in the White House. Mr. Sanders has made opposition to the treaty, a pact with the United States and 11 other Pacific Rim nations, a central part of his campaign, forcing Mrs. Clinton, who once supported the treaty, to publicly disavow it. In this context, even a plea from Mr. Sanders to his supporters to embrace Mrs. Clinton may not be enough, at least for some of them. “She really needs to do actual concrete things to show that she recognizes what a dire situation our country and world is in,” said Lisa Flythe, a Sanders delegate from Brooklyn who works as a   representative. “She needs to take concrete actions to enact a progressive agenda from workers’ rights to eliminating T. P. P. ” At one point on Wednesday night, Sanders supporters, wearing green shirts and scattered across the hall, broke into loud chants of “No more war,” drowning out Leon E. Panetta, who was the director of the Central Intelligence Agency and the defense secretary under Mr. Obama, as he praised Mrs. Clinton’s foreign policy credentials. Still, some of Mr. Sanders’s supporters said that given the choice, they were ready to support her. “I think it’s appropriate to tell the Bernie supporters to support Hillary because of the alternative,” said Taz Tally, a Democratic delegate from Homer, Alaska, “and in my view, if you choose not to vote, it’s basically a vote for Mr. Trump, which is scary. ” Governor Brown, who endorsed Mrs. Clinton in the final days of the Democratic primary in California, said he did not think people who voted for Mr. Sanders would support Mr. Trump. “Trump is too antithetical to anything that Sanders people talk about,” he said. “There’s a similarity on trade, but immigration, the N. R. A. Trump is a real outlier. And while he picked up the nomination of the Republican Party, he’s not close to the mainstream that would make crossover likely from Democrats to Republicans. ” In the end, the party divisions appear to be, as they have been through much of the campaign, as generational as they are ideological. “There will continue to be a hard left, some of whom are naïve,” Mr. Gitlin, the historian, said, referring to Sanders backers. “They are young. This is their first crusade. They feel betrayed. They were true believers: They believed that Bernie was the man and Bernie was transformative. They were in this for victory. The feeling of betrayal is very real. ”",0
19909,Behind China’s Anbang: Empty Offices and Obscure Names - The New York Times,"In the center of Beijing’s booming commercial district, with soaring office towers, gleaming shopping malls and luxury apartment complexes, sits a shabby,   building with an office that houses stupendous wealth. To get there, visitors must first pass through an unmarked entrance next to a   post office, then pass through a maze of carelessly strung phone and power lines. On the fourth floor, down a hallway where black scuff marks on the walls indicate years of neglect, is the Hujialou Concentrated Office Zone, an officially sanctioned domicile for shell companies. According to government records, that office is home to two companies with a total stake that accounts for more than $15 billion in assets of one of China’s biggest financial conglomerates: the Anbang Insurance Group. Prying visitors are not welcome. A woman at the office, who did not give her name, grew angry when a journalist told her that two companies there controlled a large share of Anbang. “We’re just a private company, helping others register with the State Administration for Industry and Commerce,” she said, referring to the keepers of China’s corporate database. “It is none of our business whether they are shell companies. ” Another Anbang shareholding firm  —   one that controls $5. 6 billion in assets  —   lists its address a few blocks away from the Hujialou building, at an office tower’s empty 27th floor. Near the Temple of Heaven, the former imperial religious complex in Beijing, the listed address of yet another shareholding company turns out to be another empty office. The directory downstairs lists the former tenant: a shoe seller. A group of 39 companies control Anbang, which was once a sleepy insurance company and now has $295 billion in assets and a reputation as an ambitious global deal maker. Many of those companies are in turn owned by a welter of shell companies, many with similar names and addresses or common owners. Ultimately, as The New York Times reports, they are controlled by about 100 people, many of whom hail from a county called Pingyang on China’s east coast. Pingyang County is the home county of Anbang’s chairman, Wu Xiaohui. In any major country, the shareholders of marquee companies are often household names themselves. General Electric counts major institutional investors such as the Vanguard Group and BlackRock as top owners. Berkshire Hathaway’s biggest shareholder is its chairman, Warren E. Buffett. China is no exception. Dalian Wanda Commercial Properties, for example, led by China’s richest man, Wang Jianlin, may match Anbang in the breadth of its political connections, but many of its biggest shareholders are easily recognizable Chinese companies like China Life Insurance. Anbang is different. The companies that own it, and the people who back them, are almost all obscure. Two   companies that collectively own less than 2 percent of Anbang are the only exceptions. I first started writing about Chinese companies 16 years ago and have never seen a similar ownership structure at a major company. That is remarkable, given Anbang’s increasing size and prominence. Earlier this year, Anbang came close to executing what would have been the biggest takeover ever of an American company by a Chinese company, offering more than $14 billion for Starwood Hotels  Resorts. In China, the company not only sells auto and life insurance, but also controls a major bank in southwestern China, is the largest shareholder of one of the country’s biggest financial conglomerates, China Minsheng Banking Corporation, and is the   shareholder in another, China Merchants Bank. But China is not an offshore haven like the Cayman Islands or the British Virgin Islands. The country’s online corporate records system allows those with patience to find the names behind the holding companies, even if  —   as with Anbang  —   the corporate shareholders frequently change names, addresses and owners. After more than three months of combing through thousands of pages of records, The Times was able to piece together a corporate history for those 39 shareholders. One clear pattern emerged. At least 35 of the companies, collectively owning more than 92 percent of Anbang, can trace all or part of their ownership to relatives of Mr. Wu or to his wife, Zhuo Ran, who is the granddaughter of the former Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping or to Chen Xiaolu, the son of one of China’s most famous marshals, who helped Mao’s Communists to victory in 1949. Those relatives are either current or former owners or directors of those companies, or current or former owners of predecessor firms. One example is Lin Cong, who owns a small share of the company. Mr. Lin is Mr. Wu’s cousin, the nephew of his mother, Lin Xiangmei, relatives say. Back at the Hujialou Concentrated Office Zone, one of the Anbang shareholders there, a company called Beijing Bibo Investment Management Company, controls $10. 9 billion in Anbang assets. Until Dec. 1, 2014, that stake was ultimately owned by a woman named Wu Xiaoxia, corporate records show. Relatives in Pingyang County say she is very close to Mr. Wu. She is his sister.",0
19910,"Iceland’s Prime Minister Resigns, After Pirate Party Makes Strong Gains - The New York Times","REYKJAVIK, Iceland  —   Iceland’s prime minister announced on Sunday that he would resign, as the insurgent,   Pirate Party capitalized on a wave of anger over corruption to come in second place in the country’s general election. The prime minister, Sigurdur Ingi Johannsson, announced his departure on national television after his   Progressive Party’s share of seats in the   Parliament collapsed to eight from 19 in the previous election, in 2013. Mr. Johannsson’s predecessor as prime minister, Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson, was forced from office in April amid accusations of conflicts of interest after revelations in leaked documents, known as the Panama Papers, of the hidden wealth of the country’s elite. The conservative Independence Party, which has been in a governing coalition with the Progressives, came in first with 21 seats, up from 19 in the last election. But the big winner in the election on Saturday was the    Pirate Party, which took 10 seats, more than tripling its showing of three seats in the last general election. The   Party also won 10 seats. The   parties  —   the   the Pirates and two allies  —   won 27 seats over all, just short of a majority. The liberal Regeneration Party, which is expected to play the role of kingmaker, has ruled out joining a coalition with the current governing establishment parties. This means that   parties could potentially form a governing coalition. While the conservative Independence Party made gains, “it is not a return to the status quo,” said Andres Jonsson, a political consultant. To form a government, the party will have to extend its hand to smaller, more rebellious groups, he said. “The traditional party system has been disrupted,” Mr. Jonsson said. “We are not seeing big movements of people who feel that they are able to relate with the messages of the big coalition parties. Changes are going to come from the outside, not from inside the old parties. ” The election for Iceland’s Parliament, the world’s oldest, highlighted the fragmentation of the political landscape. A dozen parties fought for power over an electorate of about 260, 000, barely enough to fill three American football stadiums. Birgitta Jonsdottir, the anarchist leader of the Pirate Party, said she was satisfied with the result. “Whatever happens, we have created a wave of change in the Icelandic society,” she told a cheering crowd here early Sunday. About 40 percent of Pirate supporters are under the age of 30. They had pinned their hopes on a party that has promised to install a more inclusive and transparent government. The Pirates have pledged to enhance direct democracy by passing the world’s first “  constitution,” drafted by Icelandic civilians rather than politicians. Parliament blocked the document in 2013. The party also wants to redistribute wealth and increase the government’s anticorruption powers. (The country is already the 13th least corrupt country in the world, according to Transparency International, a watchdog group, ahead of the United States.) “We want to see   ethics rather than     economics,” Ms. Jonsdottir, 49, who is also a former WikiLeaks activist, said in an interview on the eve of the election. Strong   feeling has swept through Iceland since the financial crisis, and has been aggravated by the Panama Papers scandal in April, which sent thousands of protesters into the streets. The Pirate Party has benefited from a wave of dissent that has swept through Europe and the United States, upending traditional politics and fracturing mainstream parties. In 2008, Iceland’s economy collapsed after its banking sector, fresh from deregulation, grew exponentially. In the years before that, Icelanders binged on credit, some becoming billionaires overnight. By 2006, the average Icelander was 300 percent wealthier than three years earlier. Cronyism became rampant. When the crisis hit, Icelanders were plunged into debt and banks racked up losses of billions of dollars, many times more than the size of Iceland’s economy. Today, the economy has recovered, partly thanks to booming tourism. But public anger still runs deep. “We are a platform for young people, for progressive people who shape and reshape our society,” Ms. Jonsdottir told Agence  . “Like Robin Hood, because Robin Hood was a pirate, we want to take the power from the powerful to give it to the people. ”",0
19911,Comment on Evidence that Hillary Clinton and her associates are satanists by traildustfotm,"  Dr. Eowyn | 2 Comments 
I’ve been blogging every day, every week, every month for more than 7 years now. 
Blogging for FOTM requires that I’m really “plugged in,” ear-to-the-ground on news and goings on, including conspiracy theories. 
After more than 7 years of being “plugged in,” I’ve come to the conclusion that the conspiracy theories that I, who began as an innocent, had initially thought to be outlandish turn out to be credible. That’s my honest, sober observation — from a person who is a full professor, has a Ph.D., was well-trained in and had taught epistemology and the scientific method to undergraduate and graduate students. I go to where the empirical evidence leads me. 
One of the most far-out conspiracy theories is that a shadowy group of élites controls governments. In the United States, those élites variously are called shadow government, secret government or deep state. (See “ Deep State: Who really rules America ”) 
An even more far-out version of that conspiracy theory is that the shadowy élites are satanists. 
This post is about Hillary Clinton and her close associates being satanists. Really. Exhibit A Larry Nichols in 2009 
I originally reported the following more than a year ago in “ Clinton friend and assassin Larry Nichols says Hillary Clinton is a satanist “. 
Larry Nichols is a former Green Beret and a longtime associate of Bill Clinton. The two men first met in Arkansas in the late 1970s when Bill was an up-and-coming politician. When Bill was elected governor of Arkansas, he inserted Nichols as the marketing director of the Arkansas Development Finance Authority , an Arkansas state agency that was one of the entities investigated by the Senate Whitewater Committee . 
On the Pete Santilli radio show on September 24, 2013, Nichols admitted that he had killed people as the Clintons’ hit man or assassin-for-hire. (See “ Bombshell: Long-time Clinton associate says he killed people for Bill & Hillary “) 
On June 24, 2015, interviewed by Alex Jones for InfoWars , Nichols dropped another bombshell. He said, beginning at the 28:44 mark in the audio above: 
“Back when Hillary was first lady, she would go home on the weekends to California with Linda Bloodworth-Thomason * and some of the other ladies of ‘Designing Women’. And they went to a church for witches. Witches, witches, witches . . . . You know that lady that was tryin’ to run for the Senate and sometimes she’d gone to some place where they did witch stuff? Hillary went to a church and worshiped Satan . . . . What . . . I think is scaring the hell out of you: there are people that love them [Clintons], no matter what.” 
* Note: Linda Bloodworth-Thomason, together with her husband Harry, was the producer of Designing Women , a popular TV sitcom (1986-1993). Exhibit B 
I first reported the following in a post about two months ago, “ Hillary aide talks about animal sacrifice to demon Moloch in WikiLeaks email “. 
In early August 2016, WikiLeaks released a (hacked) email from W. Lewis Amselem to Cheryl Mills, Hillary’s chief of staff. At the time of the email, Amselem served in the State Department under then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as head of the U.S. delegation to the Organization of American States (OAS). (He has since retired.) In the email, Amselem made mention of “sacrificing a chicken in the backyard to Moloch” — an ancient demon. 
Below is a screenshot I took of the WikiLeaks email (you can see the email for yourself here ). I painted a red bracket around the animal sacrifice phrase. 
In the Old Testament , Gehenna was a valley by Jerusalem, where apostate Israelites and followers of various pagan gods sacrificed their children by fire (2 Chr. 28:3, 33:6; Jer. 7:31, 19:2–6). One of those gods was Moloch (aka Molech, Molekh, Molok, Molek, Molock, Moloc, Melech, Milcom or Molcom), an ancient Ammonite god who demanded a particular kind of propitiatory child sacrifice from parents. ( Amselem is a Sephardic Jewish surname.) Exhibit C 
The latest evidence of satanism on the part of a Hillary Clinton associate is an email recently released by WikiLeaks . 
The email was sent from Tony Podesta, a powerful Democrat lobbyist, to his brother John Podesta , a longtime Clinton associate who is the chairman of the 2016 Hillary Clinton presidential campaign. Tony had forwarded an invitation to attend a satanic ritual called “spirit cooking dinner” from Marina Abramovic, 69, a Serbian “performance artist” who now lives in New York. Abramovic’s email says: 
“Dear Tony, 
I am so looking forward to the Spirit Cooking dinner at my place. Do you think you will be able to let me know if your brother is joining? “ 
Tony appended to Abramovic’s invitation this message to John Podesta: 
“Are you in NYC Thursday July 9 Marina wants you to come to dinner. ” Here’s a screenshot of the email (you can view it on WikiLeaks here ): Paul Joseph Watson of InfoWars explains that “spirit cooking” is a “sacrament” in Thelema — a religion founded by British occultist-satanist Aleister Crowley, whose motto was “Do As Thou Wilt”— in which menstrual blood, breast milk, urine and sperm are mixed to create a “painting.” According to Abramovic, if the ritual is performed in an art gallery, it is merely art, but if the ritual is performed privately, then “spirit cooking” is a “spiritual ceremony”—“to symbolize the union between the microcosm, Man, and the macrocosm, the Divine” and “a representation of one of the prime maxims in Hermeticism ‘As Above, So Below’.” Mike Cernovich cuts (no pun intended) to the quick: Spirit cooking is an “occult practice used during sex cult rituals , as explained in the book Spirit cooking with essential aphrodisiac recipes .” So who is Marina Abramovic? Let’s begin with this disturbing image of Abramovic posing with a bloody goat’s head — a representation of Baphomet: Here’s a video of Abramovic on “spirit cooking painting”: Cassandra Fairbanks of WeAreChange.org has more information on Marina Abramovic: She is known for gory “performance art” in the name of “confronting pain and ritual.” One of Abramovic’s performances involved repeatedly stabbing herself in her hands. Another featured her throwing her nails, toenails, and hair into a flaming pentagram, then jumping inside the pentagram and fainting. Exhibit D 
Many FBI agents involved in the now re-opened criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, who we would expect to know more about her than we do, regard Hillary Clinton as the antiChrist. 
Spencer Ackerman reports for The Guardian , Nov. 4, 2016: 
“Deep antipathy to Hillary Clinton exists within the FBI, multiple bureau sources have told the Guardian, spurring a rapid series of leaks damaging to her campaign just days before the election. 
Current and former FBI officials, none of whom were willing or cleared to speak on the record, have described a chaotic internal climate that resulted from outrage over director James Comey’s July decision not to recommend an indictment over Clinton’s maintenance of a private email server on which classified information transited. 
‘The FBI is Trumpland,’ said one current agent. […] 
The currently serving FBI agent said Clinton is ‘the antichrist personified to a large swath of FBI personnel ,’ and that ‘the reason why they’re leaking is they’re pro-Trump.’” 
H/t FOTM ‘s Anon and Will Shanley 
See also:",0
19912,Trump Vs. Sanctuary Cities: Congress Ready to Help,"Cities across the country are lining up for a standoff with President Donald Trump over the issue of sanctuary city policies. Republican representatives in Congress are also lining up to put more teeth in existing law that already requires 100 percent cooperation with immigration authorities by local and state law enforcement agencies. [Border Patrol agents are reported to be on pace to apprehend nearly 600, 000 migrants crossing our border illegally. A recent report released this week by U. S. Customs and Border Protection revealed the number of apprehensions of what the Border Patrol calls Family Unit Aliens (FMUA) during the month of December rose for the sixth month in a row  —   up 109 percent in the first three months of this year compared to last.  “They’re mobilizing because they don’t know what tomorrow will bring, but know today they can cross,” Border Patrol Agent Chris Cabrera told Fox News while acting in his capacity in the National Border Patrol Council. One of the big draws for some of these families who risk their lives to come here from Central America, is the knowledge that if they get here, they will likely not be sent home, Fox News’ William La Jeunesse reported. In sanctuary cities, even if they commit a crime, officials will ignore federal immigration detainers that would remove them from the country, and simply set them free. One of these mayors, Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti went even further  —   creating the L. A. Justice Fund to provide millions of dollars in legal assistance to immigrants facing deportation. “The reason it was important for us to act is we will have a change in government next month,” he told La Jeunesse. “We expect there could be actions right away. ” He is likely to be correct. “These mayors, sheriffs, and state leaders are thumbing their noses at federal immigration law,” Representative Lou Barletta ( ) told Breitbart Texas on Thursday. “The only way to stop them is to hit them in their pocketbooks. ” He introduced a bill earlier this month to do exactly that. Barletta said his bill, the Mobilizing Against Sanctuary Cities Act, H. R. 83 (attached below) strengthens the current law, 8 U. S. C. § 1373, being used to strip law enforcement grants from sanctuary jurisdictions. “My bill will enhance this by stripping all federal funds —  not one cent. ” Representative John Culberson ( ) worked with the DOJ throughout 2016 to force the department to certify the   sanctuary jurisdictions and use this existing law to cut off their funds for grants awarded in 2017. But this law only effects law enforcement grants. “The president can cut off their money at noon on January 20, 2017 if they do not change their sanctuary policy and hand over criminal illegal aliens in their custody to be deported,” Culberson told Fox News. Barletta’s bill, the Mobilizing Against Sanctuary Cities Act, H. R. 83, awaits a hearing in the House Judiciary Committee chaired by Rep. Bob Goodlate ( ) before it can move to the House floor for a vote. Barletta concluded. “To me, there’s no gray area here —  Right is right, wrong is wrong, and illegal is illegal. ” More cities have been rushing to get on the sanctuary city bandwagon since President Trump was elected in November. Many appear to feel emboldened by the actions of other cities that were not met with repercussions. “When I originally introduced this bill in my first session, there were 80 cities that were considered sanctuary cities,” the   congressman said. “Now that number has grown to more than 300 because we didn’t do anything about it when there were only 80. We’re putting the American people in danger. ” Other bills have also been introduced to attack sanctuary and force them into compliance with existing immigration law. Representative Andy Harris ( ) introduced the Federal Immigration Law Compliance Act of 2016 (FILCA) in December with   “from California to New York, to Florida, the representative’s website states, Breitbart Texas reported earlier in January. The bill would require any entity, including institutions of higher learning, to comply with all lawful requests made by U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) requests. The bill requires the withholding of all federal funding to any entity that refuses to comply with federal immigration enforcement requests. “Congress has the responsibility to protect the rule of law in our country and provide for the safety of our citizens. We need to focus on protecting American citizens and those who are in this country legally, instead of providing shelter for those who have violated our immigration law and entered this country illegally. If any entity refuses to comply with federal immigration law, they should be denied federal money until they come into compliance,” Congressman Harris said in a written statement obtained by Breitbart Texas. Representative Duncan Hunter ( ) also introduced a bill to deal with the growing sanctuary campuses promising to shut out immigration officials. The No Funding for Sanctuary Campuses Act was introduced in late December to define “sanctuary campus” and create financial penalties for any “institutions of higher education that violates immigration laws. ” The bill, H. R. 6530, was   by Representatives Tom McClintock ( ) and Lou Barletta ( ). “If a school wants federal money, an open declaration that it’s a sanctuary should disqualify it for federal support,” Hunter told the Washington Examiner in an interview. “It’s free to do that, of course, but there should be a consequence in the form of withheld federal funding  —   it’s that simple. ” Hunter’s and Harris’ bills were introduced in the closing days of the last session of Congress. It is likely they will be reintroduced in this session. Border security was a major campaign plank of the new President’s campaign. During his inaugural address on Friday, President Trump said, “We will bring back our borders. ” Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.  ",0
19913,Democratic Bayonne Mayor Faces Sexting Scandal - Breitbart,"Jimmy Davis, the   Democratic Mayor of Bayonne, New Jersey, has been embroiled in a sexting scandal with a former city worker. [According to The Jersey Journal, the messages sent from Davis include “pleas from the mayor to have the woman meet him at an Atlantic City hotel and multiple references to oral sex. ”  “I didn’t tarnish Jimmy’s reputation. He did that himself,” said former city worker Stacie Percella, who was fired in December. “Mr. Mayor, again, resign from your position because my truth never changes. And I can say it inside out, backwards, forwards, every which way  —   how many lies did Jimmy come up with so far?” Davis, who is married, has recruited public relations firm Vision Media Marketing to oversee his public response to the incident. Vision Media Marketing’s Amit Jani claims that the scandal is “part of an orchestrated campaign to make millions of dollars off of Bayonne taxpayers and destroy Mayor Davis’ reputation. ” “Before her recent turn to this kind of unstable conduct, Mrs. Percella and Mayor Davis were longtime friends since childhood, and these text messages reflect that relationship,” continued Jani in a statement. “They are nothing but harmless, playful banter between two adults. ” Despite Vision Media Marketing’s claims that the messages were “playful banter between two adults,” Davis allegedly made “multiple references to Percella’s body parts,” and asked her “to meet him at a bar late at night. ” The Jersey Journal refused to print the exact contents of the messages “because they are too explicit for a family newspaper. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
19914,"Der Einfluss der USA und der NATO auf das Verhältnis der EU mit China, von Manlio Dinucci","Der Einfluss der USA und der NATO auf das Verhältnis der EU mit China von Manlio Dinucci Als Teilnehmer an einem internationalen Forum fasst der italienische Geograph Manlio Dinucci seine Analyse über die Waffen zusammen, die die Vereinigten Staaten aufgebaut haben, um die ganze Welt zu beherrschen. Dieser Artikel ist wichtig, weil es genau diese eindeutige gewollte Vorherrschaft, diese unipolare Organisation der Welt ist, die Syrien, Russland und China heute mit Waffen in der Hand in Frage stellt.
Voltaire Netzwerk | Rom (Italien) | 29. Oktober English Ich gehe direkt zum Kern der Sache. Ich denke, dass man nicht von den Beziehungen zwischen der EU und China sprechen kann, ohne den direkten und über die NATO ausgeübten Einfluss der Vereinigten Staaten auf die Europäische Union miteinzubeziehen.
Heute gehören 22 der 28 Länder der EU (21 von 27 nach dem Ausstieg des Vereinigten Königreichs aus der EU), mit mehr als 90 % der Bevölkerung der Union, der NATO an, die durch die EU als ""Fundament der kollektiven Verteidigung"" anerkannt wird. Und die NATO steht unter US-Kommando: Der alliierte Oberbefehlshaber in Europa wird immer durch den Präsidenten der Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika ernannt und alle anderen wichtigen Befehle sind auch in den Händen der USA. Die Außen- und Militärpolitik der Europäischen Union ist also grundsätzlich der US-Strategie untergeordnet, auf die die europäischen Großmächte konvergieren.
Diese in offiziellen Dokumenten klargelegte Strategie, wird im historischen Moment geschrieben, als sich die Weltlage nach dem Zerfall der UdSSR ändert. Im Jahr 1991 erklärt das Weiße Haus in National Security Strategy of the United States : ""Die Vereinigten Staaten bleiben der einzige wirkliche globale Staat mit einer Kraft, einem Umfang und einem Einfluss in allen Dimensionen – auf politischer, wirtschaftlicher und militärischer Ebene -."" Es gibt keinen Ersatz für die amerikanische Führung."" Im Jahr 1992 unterstreicht das Pentagon in der Defense Planning Guidance : ""Unser erstes Ziel soll verhindern, dass irgendeine Macht eine Region dominiert, deren Ressourcen ausreichen könnten, um eine Weltmacht zu werden."" Diese Regionen sind Westeuropa, Ostasien, das Gebiet der ehemaligen Sowjetunion und das südwestliche Asien."" Im Jahr 2001, in dem Q uadrennial Defense Review -Bericht, der eine Woche vor dem USA/NATO Krieg in Afghanistan - von erster geostrategischer Bedeutung in Bezug auf Russland und China - veröffentlicht wurde, kündigt das Pentagon an: ""Es besteht die Möglichkeit, dass in der Region eine militärische Konkurrenz mit gewaltigen Ressourcen entsteht. Unsere Streitkräfte müssen die Fähigkeit behalten, jedem möglichen Gegner, auch Staaten und nichtstaatlichen Einheiten, den Willen der Vereinigten Staaten aufzuzwingen, das Regime eines gegnerischen Staates zu ändern oder fremdes Territorium zu besetzen, bis die amerikanischen strategischen Ziele erfüllt sind.""
Auf Grundlage dieser Strategie hat die NATO unter US-Kommando ihre Offensive an der Ostfront gestartet: nachdem sie durch den Krieg die Föderation Jugoslawien zerstört hatte, bemächtigte sie sich von 1999 bis heute aller Staaten des Warschauer Paktes, dreier des ehemaligen Jugoslawiens, dreier der Ex-UdSSR, und wird in Kürze andere umfassen (von Georgien bis zur Ukraine, wobei letztere de facto bereits in der NATO ist), indem sie Stützpunkte und Streitkräfte, selbst atomare, immer näher zu Russland in Stellung bringt. Zur gleichen Zeit, an der Süd Front, eng verbunden mit der östlichen Front, hat die NATO unter US-Befehl den libyschen Staat durch Krieg zerstört und versucht, das gleiche mit Syrien zu tun.
Die USA und die NATO haben die ukrainische Krise entfesselt und, unter der Beschuldigung von Russland ""die europäische Sicherheit zu destabilisieren"", haben sie Europa in einen neuen Kalten Krieg verwickelt, einen vor allem von Washington gewünschten (auf Kosten der europäischen Volkswirtschaften, denen die Sanktionen und Gegen-Sanktionen geschädigt haben), um die wirtschaftlichen und politischen Beziehungen zwischen der EU und Russland zu zerschlagen, die für die amerikanischen Interessen schädlich sind. Es ist die gleiche Strategie, die bei der wachsenden Verlegung von US-militärischen Kräften in die Asien-Pazifik Region, in einer anti-chinesischen Funktion, auftritt. Die US-Navy hat angekündigt, dass sie in 2020 ihren Schwerpunkt in diesen Bereich mit 60 % ihrer See- und Luftstreitkräfte verlegen werde.
Die US-Strategie konzentriert sich auf das Südchinesische Meer, für das Admiral Harris, Chef des US Pacific Command, die Bedeutung hervorhebt: „es ist da, wo der Seehandel mit einem jährlichen Wert über 5000 Milliarden US-Dollar fährt, mit 25 % des Welt-Exports von Öl und 50 % von Erdgas.“ Die USA wollen diesen Seeweg kontrollieren, im Namen jener Freiheit, die Admiral Harris für die ""grundlegende Schifffahrts-Freiheit für unser Lebens-System hier in den Vereinigten Staaten"" hält, indem sie China beschuldigen, ""aggressive Aktionen im Südchinesischen Meer zu betreiben, ähnlich denen von Russland auf der Krim."" Deshalb ""patrouilliert"" die US-Navy im Südchinesischen Meer. Im Kielwasser der Vereinigten Staaten kommen die europäischen Großmächte: im Juli letzten Jahres hat Frankreich die Europäische Union gebeten, ""die chinesische Südsee Marine-Patrouille zu koordinieren, um eine regelmäßige und sichtbare Präsenz in diesen von China illegal beanspruchten Gewässern"" zu sichern. Und während die Vereinigten Staaten in Südkorea ""Raketenabwehr-Systeme“ aber auch nukleare Raketen installieren, ähnlich wie die in Rumänien und Polen gegen Russland installierten, zusätzlich zu denen, die auf Kriegsschiffen im Mittelmeer kreuzen, empfängt der Generalsekretär der NATO Jens Stoltenberg am 6. Oktober in Brüssel den südkoreanischen Minister für auswärtige Angelegenheiten Yun Byung-se, zur ""Stärkung der Partnerschaft der NATO mit Seoul“.
Diese Tatsachen und andere zeigen, dass die gleiche Strategie in Europa und in Asien an der Arbeit ist. Dies ist der extreme Versuch der Vereinigten Staaten und anderer westlicher Mächte, um die wirtschaftliche, politische und militärische Vormachtstellung in einer Welt im starken Wandel beizubehalten, in der neue staatliche und gesellschaftliche Einheiten aufkommen. Die Shanghaier Organisation für Zusammenarbeit (SCO), aus dem chinesisch-russischen strategischen Abkommen entstanden, verfügt über Ressourcen und Arbeitsfähigkeit die ermöglichen, den größten integrierten Wirtschaftsraum der Welt zu schaffen. Die SCO und die BRICS-Staaten sind mit ihren Finanzinstitutionen in der Lage, die Weltbank und den Internationalen Währungsfonds weitgehend zu verdrängen, die den USA und den großen westlichen Mächte seit mehr als 70 Jahren ermöglichten, durch wuchernde Kredite an verschuldete Länder und andere Finanzinstrumente, die Weltwirtschaft zu beherrschen. Die neuen Organisationen können zur gleichen Zeit die Entdollarisierung des Handels erreichen, indem sie den Vereinigten Staaten die Möglichkeit entziehen, ihre Schulden weiterhin durch Drucken von Dollar-Papiergeld, das als internationale Währung fungiert, auf andere Länder abzuwälzen.
Um ihre immer mehr wankende Vormachtstellung zu erhalten, verwenden die Vereinigten Staaten nicht nur Waffengewalt, sondern oft wirksamere als die wirklichen Waffen.
 Die erste Waffe: die so genannten ""Free Trade Agreements"", wie die ""transatlantische Handels- und Partnerschaft"" (TTIP) mit der EU und die ""Trans-Pazifische Partnerschaft"" (TPP), deren Zweck nicht nur wirtschaftlich, sondern geopolitisch und geostrategisch ist. Deshalb bezeichnet Hillary Clinton die USA — EU Partnerschaft als ""das große strategische Ziel unserer transatlantischen Allianz"", mit dem Ziel einer ""NATO-Wirtschaft"", die die politische und militärische Allianz integriert. Das Projekt ist klar: einen politischen, wirtschaftlichen und militärischen USA — EU Block bilden, immer unter amerikanischem Kommando, der sich dem aufkommenden eurasischen Raum, basierend auf der Zusammenarbeit zwischen China und Russland widersetzt; der sich den BRIC-Staaten widersetzt, dem Iran und anderen Ländern, die sich der Vorherrschaft des Westens entziehen. Da die Verhandlungen über die TTIP wegen der unterschiedlichen Interessen und einer weit verbreiteten Opposition in Europa schwer weiterkommen, wird das Hindernis mit dem ""umfassenden Wirtschafts- und Handelsabkommen "" (CETA) zwischen Kanada und der EU umgangen: eine getarnte TTIP, da Kanada mit den Vereinigten Staaten Teil der NAFTA ist. Das CETA wird wahrscheinlich, während des Besuchs vom kanadischen Premierminister Trudeau in Brüssel von der EU am 27. Oktober unterzeichnet werden.
 Die zweite Waffe: das Eindringen in das angezielte Land, um es von innen auseinander zu nehmen. Unter Berufung auf die schwachen Punkte, das jedes Land besitzt: Korruption, Geldgier, politischer Karrierismus, durch lokale Gruppen geschürter Sezessionismus, religiöser Fanatismus, die Anfälligkeit der großen Massen zu politischer Demagogie. Sich auch manchmal auf eine Unzufriedenheit der Massen stützen, die durch die Führung ihrer Regierung gerechtfertigt ist. Instrumente der Penetration: die so genannten ""nicht-Regierungsorganisationen"" (NGO) die eigentlich die Hand des Department of State und der CIA sind. Diejenigen, die enorme finanzielle Mittel besitzen, organisierten die ""farbigen Revolutionen"" in Osteuropa, und versuchten auch die so genannte ""Regenschirm-Revolution"" in Hong Kong: sie versuchten auch ähnliche Bewegungen in anderen Bereichen von China zu schüren, die von nationalen Minderheiten bewohnt sind. Die gleichen Organisationen, die in Lateinamerika operieren, mit dem Ziel, die demokratischen Institutionen von Brasilien auszuheben, um die BRICS-Staaten von innen zu unterwandern. Instrumente der gleichen Strategie: Terroristen, wie die bewaffneten und in Libyen und Syrien infiltrierten Gruppen, um Chaos zu säen, indem sie zum Abriss des gesamten Staates, der gleichzeitig von außen angegriffen wird, beitragen.
 Die dritte Waffe: die ""Psyops"" (psychologische Operationen), initiiert durch globale Medien-Ketten, die vom Pentagon definiert werden: ""geplante Operationen, um durch spezifische Informationen die Emotionen und Motivationen zu beeinflussen, und damit das Verhalten der Öffentlichkeit, der Organisationen und ausländischen Regierungen, um eine verstärkte Haltung zugunsten der vorangestellten Ziele zu induzieren "". Mit diesen Operationen, die die Öffentlichkeit auf die Eskalation des Krieges vorbereiten, lässt man Russland als das für die Spannungen in Europa verantwortliche Land erscheinen und China als verantwortlich für die Spannungen in Asien, mit dem gleichzeitigen Vorwurf ihrer ""Verletzung der Menschenrechte“.
Manlio Dinucci und seine Frau Carla, vor dem Geburtshaus von Mao Tsé Toung, 1965. Eine letzte Überlegung: da ich mit meiner Frau in den 60er Jahren in Peking gearbeitet habe, und wir beide an der Veröffentlichung des ersten chinesischen Magazins in italienischer Sprache mitgewirkt haben, habe ich eine prägende, grundlegende Erfahrung miterlebt zu einem Zeitpunkt, als China - kaum fünfzehn Jahre vom Kolonialsystem und halb-feudalen Staat befreit, - komplett isoliert war und von dem Westen oder den Vereinten Nationen als souveräner Staat nicht anerkannt war. Von dieser Periode bleiben mir immer noch, wie aufgedruckt, die Widerstandskraft und das Bewusstsein der Menschen, damals 600 Millionen, die unter der Führung der kommunistischen Partei zum Aufbau einer völlig neuen wirtschaftlichen und kulturellen Gesellschaft beitrugen. Ich denke, dass diese Fähigkeit auch für das derzeitige China heute notwendig ist, das sein enorme Potenzial entwickelt, um den neuen Plänen der imperialen Herrschaft zu widerstehen: der Kampf für eine Welt ohne Kriege, in der der Frieden mit sozialer Gerechtigkeit verbunden triumphiert.
Manlio Dinucci Übersetzung
Horst Frohlich",0
19915,An American Stands on the Shoulders of a Gladiator - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   About the same time that the future United States Olympic volleyball player Carli Lloyd was born 27 years ago, her uncle was discovered by a talent scout in a Southern California gym. Galen Tomlinson was invited to try out for a new show called “American Gladiators” for a chance to be one of the     superheroes, taking on mortal contestants in an imaginative series of physical contests. Tomlinson won a role. He was rechristened Turbo and became a cult hero. But the bravest role he played was far off camera: stepping in to help raise Lloyd and mold her into an Olympic athlete. It is debatable which one is more famous, today’s United States Olympian or yesterday’s American gladiator. But it is clear how much they mean to each other. “She understood his belief in her, and it made her believe in herself, and those two went off and conquered the world,” Cindy Lloyd, Carli’s mother and Tomlinson’s half sister, said. “It was awesome to sit back and watch. ” The United States women’s volleyball team is trying to win a gold medal at the Olympics for the first time. Carli Lloyd, often confused with the American soccer star with the same name, is a backup setter. Tomlinson, still as fit as a gladiator at 55, with tiny streaks of gray in his   dark hair, is a big presence in the stands. “I attribute me being here to him more than anyone else,” Lloyd said. They are practically inseparable. He was her first coach and her constant workout partner. When she moved on to other coaches and left for college, he was still there at every match, sitting in his usual spot, giving nods and signals in a language that only the two of them share. Lloyd calls him “Uncle. ” But Tomlinson is the only father figure she has ever known. Lloyd was 4 when her father committed suicide, leaving Cindy Lloyd to raise three children on her own. Tomlinson, by then a   father and a star on “American Gladiators,” had time on his hands. The show taped for three weeks a year, and his only job the rest of the time was to stay fit. Tomlinson and his daughter, then 10, moved in with Cindy Lloyd and her three children in Bonsall, Calif. north of San Diego. The move was considered temporary, to help Cindy get her life reorganized. Tomlinson never left. “After a couple of months, it dawned on me, and I said after the kids went to bed, ‘Cindy, I want to talk to you,’” Tomlinson said. “I said: ‘Everyone’s getting really comfortable with this. I think it would be wise for us to either leave now, before they lose another male role model, or we’ve got to make a commitment that our extracurricular activities get put on hold until the youngest’  —   Carli  —   ‘graduates high school. ’” Tomlinson and Cindy Lloyd, who had the same father but different mothers, still live together more than 20 years later. “I can’t get rid of him,” Lloyd said with a laugh. “Why would I leave?” Tomlinson asked. “Now the kids are all gone, she’s got the biggest one left at home. ” When Tomlinson’s daughter, Kourtney, was in fifth grade, she wanted to play volleyball. Lloyd’s oldest daughter, Coral, about a year younger, followed. Tomlinson soon decided he could do a better job than their coaches. He taught himself the intricacies of the game and studied respected coaches at tournaments. When Carli started playing the game a few years later, Tomlinson was an experienced coach. “Unfortunately for the older ones, they were the test subjects,” Tomlinson said. “By the time Carli came around, she was able to hit the ground running. ” Tomlinson also oversaw her workouts. From the beginning, he trained her in track and field, his first love among sports. Lloyd became a standout hurdler and long jumper in high school. “Through high school and into college, you could tell just by looking at her that there was a maturity in her muscles that other kids just did not have,” Tomlinson said. “It’s because she’s been lifting with me since she was 8 years old. ” There were no summers off. Eventually, Lloyd’s only request to her uncle was to do the workouts early and quickly so she could move on with her day. Hurt me as much as you want, she would tell him, but do not make me stay out there long. Tomlinson appreciated her willingness. “I said, ‘If you don’t want to put your head on the pillow when you’re 30 years old and wonder what if, then this is the stuff that has to be done now,’” he said. “And she bought into it. ” It was not always harmonious. The relationship between a child and a parent who also coaches can be fraught with frustration, disappointment and resentment. “I wouldn’t say it was perfect,” Lloyd said. “We’re both pretty sensitive and stubborn. But it works. I love him, and he loves me, and it works because we want it to. ” The biggest disagreement came when Lloyd was 15. She made a nationally ranked   club team. Tomlinson became an assistant coach and asked the head coach if he thought Lloyd, now    had a better future as a setter or an attacker. The coach said she could be a great college hitter but an elite setter. That was enough for Tomlinson. He told Lloyd that she would immediately devote herself to becoming a   setter. It is a position not unlike point guard in basketball, or catcher in baseball  —   an   leader controlling the pace and distributing the ball to others. “For the first month, she was really unhappy with me,” Tomlinson said. “Everyone wants to hit the ball. That’s the fun stuff. It wasn’t until the first tournament, where she was running the team as a setter, a little sophomore with these seniors out there, that she realized it was a good thing. ” When Lloyd got to Fallbrook Union High, Tomlinson left club team coaching behind to go with her. His niece was his best player, on her way to an   career at the University of California, Berkeley, where Lloyd helped the Golden Bears to the best   stretch in their history. There were two trips to the national quarterfinals, one to the semifinals and another to the national final. Lloyd was named national player of the year as a senior. Tomlinson saw every match from the stands (preferably down the right line at the end, eye level with the top of the net) except one, when his daughter got married. Lloyd has spent winters playing professionally in Italy, and Tomlinson has gone with her, for at least a few weeks each time, to help her settle in. His presence has not always been welcomed by coaches, but it is by Lloyd. “Galen is so honest, brutally honest,” Cindy Lloyd said of her half brother. After a match, she said, she will offer unmitigated praise. Tomlinson will offer unvarnished opinions. “And she just really appreciates that,” Cindy Lloyd said. “Just the other night against the Netherlands, I heard her say, ‘Uncle, what did you think?’ To this day, she values what he’s saying. I’ve watched this relationship develop. And it’s worked. ” There have been strains. A combination of stress fractures in her shins and struggles fitting in with the United States national team, coached by the volleyball legend Karch Kiraly, sent Carli Lloyd into a spiral of depression. Lloyd, with Tomlinson’s encouragement, had grown up setting with quick movements of her fingers and wrists. The team wanted her to adopt a method with more arm extension  —   a change of form not unlike asking a pitcher to alter a throwing motion or a basketball player to adjust a shot. Lloyd struggled. Her standing on the national team dropped in a couple of years, until it looked as if her longstanding Olympic aspirations had evaporated. She was in a kind of funk that Tomlinson had never seen. “I remember telling her mom: ‘I’ve lost my little girl. She’s not the same,’” Tomlinson said. But Lloyd pulled through during the past year, developing the mental toughness to match the physical prowess that she had always had. By last winter in Italy, she seemed to Tomlinson to be her old self, dedicated to trying to make the Olympic roster. “I’m going to make their decision as hard as I can,” she said. In July, Kiraly named his   team. Three setters, instead of the usual two, made the squad. Lloyd was one of them. Kiraly said she represented a new breed of physical setter  —   fast enough to chase every ball, big enough to block and hit. Now the gym that Tomlinson hangs around is the Maracanãzinho, Rio de Janeiro’s famous volleyball arena. People  —     men, mostly  —   still ask if he used to be Turbo. But far more attention is on today’s Olympian, not yesterday’s gladiator. Still, Tomlinson cannot help but think that Lloyd would have fit right in on the old television show. “She’d have killed it,” he said with a   smile. “Killed it. ”",0
19916,"Dallas, Roger Federer, Hillary Clinton: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. “The suspect said he was upset at white people. The suspect stated he wanted to kill white people, especially white officers. ” That was the Dallas police chief describing a verbal exchange with a sniper who killed these five officers and wounded seven people at a protest against police shootings late Thursday. “We’re hurting, our profession is hurting,” the police chief said. “There are no words to describe the atrocity that occurred to our city. ” _____ 2. The shooter was identified as an Army veteran, Micah Xavier Johnson, 25. He served as a mason and carpenter in Afghanistan. On Facebook, he “liked” a black power group, the African American Defense League, whose leader often calls for violence against the police. After an hourslong standoff in Dallas, the police killed him using an explosive delivered by robot. _____ 3. President Obama, in Warsaw, interrupted his final NATO summit meeting twice to comment on the violence in the U. S. Before the Dallas attack, he addressed the police shootings in Minnesota and Louisiana, calling them “symptomatic of a broader set of racial disparities that exist in our criminal justice system. ” After the five officers were killed, he said there was “no possible justification” for such a “vicious, calculated and despicable attack on law enforcement. ” Here’s what we know about all three episodes, which have deepened the painful national divide over race. _____ 4. Both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump canceled campaign appearances and expressed concern for black citizens as well as solidarity with the police. Mrs. Clinton stressed pain and loss, while Mr. Trump issued a call for “law and order. ” He also made his first public comments about the police shootings in Louisiana and Minnesota, calling them “senseless tragic deaths” that show “how much needs to be done. ” But Texas’ lieutenant governor, Dan Patrick, called the Dallas protesters “hypocrites” for expecting police protection from the sniper while objecting to police shootings. _____ 5. The Labor Department delivered some positive economic news. Its monthly report said U. S. employment surged in June, with an increase of 287, 000 jobs and an uptick in wages. “Wow, this one takes my breath away,” an analyst in Chicago said. _____ 6. Roger Federer, above after a fall, lost his first Wimbledon   in a rough match that sent the Canadian Milos Raonic to his first Grand Slam final. He’ll face Andy Murray on Sunday for the men’s singles title (9 a. m. Eastern, ESPN). And Serena Williams faces Angelique Kerber, who beat her in January’s Australian Open final, on Saturday in the women’s singles final. (9 a. m. Eastern, ESPN). _____ 7. Britain’s slow march away from the European Union has produced at least one point of clarity: The next prime minister will be a woman. The Conservative Party has narrowed its options to succeed David Cameron down to Theresa May, above right, the home secretary (already called “The Iron Mayden” by tabs) and Andrea Leadsom, an energy minister, above left. But it will be months before the final choice is made. _____ 8.  In theaters this weekend: “Captain Fantastic. ” Our reviewer says that Viggo Mortensen’s captivating survivalist is the main reason to see the film, which follows him and his family into the the outside world. But she also says the insistence of the director, Matt Ross, “on taking your intelligence for granted is itself a great turn on. ” And here are our experts’ recommendations for streaming and TV this weekend. _____ 9. Finally, one of the fastest creatures in the ocean is the swordfish. Scientists think they have figured out why: A gland at the base of its sword secretes a   grease that coats its head. “This isn’t ordinary fish slime,” the lead author of a new study said. Have a good weekend. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
19917,Bombshell: Fox News Reports FBI To Move To “Likely Indictment” Of Clinton,"  Bombshell: Fox News Reports FBI To Move To “Likely Indictment” Of Clinton 
Fox News’ Bret Baier has a bombshell of a report: Two key sources within the agency say the FBI is moving towards “likely an indictment” for Hillary Clinton. 
Baier’s 7 HUGE Take-aways: “ One : The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far… Several offices separately have been doing their own investigations.” “ Two : The immunity deal that Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, two top aides to Hillary Clinton, got from the Justice Department in which it was believed that the laptops they had, after a narrow review for classified materials, were going to be destroyed. We have been told that those have not been destroyed — they are at the FBI field office here on Washington and are being exploited. ” “ Three : The Clinton Foundation investigation is so expansive, they have interviewed and re-interviewed many people. They described the evidence they have as ‘a lot of it’ and said there is an ‘avalanche coming in every day.’ WikiLeaks and the new emails. ” [ Four ] “They are ‘actively and aggressively pursuing this case.’ Remember the Foundation case is about accusations of pay-for-play… They are taking the new information and some of them are going back to interview people for the third time. As opposed to what has been written about the Clinton Foundation investigation, it is expansive.” [ Five ] “The classified e-mail investigation is being run by the National Security division of the FBI. They are currently combing through Anthony Weiner’s laptop. They are having some success — finding what they believe to be new emaisls, not duplicates, that have been transported through Hillary Clinton’s server. [ Six ] “Finally, we learned there is a confidence from these sources that her server had been hacked. And that it was a 99% accuracy that it had been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies , and that things had been taken from that…” [ Seven ] “There has been some angst about Attorney General Loretta Lynch — what she has done or not done. She obviously did not impanel, or go to a grand jury at the beginning. They also have a problem, these sources do, with what President Obama said today and back in October of 2015…” 
[The full, forty-minute segment can be viewed here .] 
BRET BAIER: Breaking news tonight — two separate sources with intimate knowledge of the FBI investigations into the Clinton emails and the Clinton Foundation tell Fox the following: 
The investigation looking into possible pay-for-play interaction between Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the Foundation has been going on for more than a year . Led by the white collar crime division, public corruption branch of the criminal investigative division of the FBI. 
The Clinton Foundation investigation is a, quote, “very high priority.” Agents have interviewed and reinterviewed multiple people about the Foundation case, and even before the WikiLeaks dumps, agents say they have collected a great deal of evidence. Pressed on that, one sources said, quote, “a lot of it,” and “there is an avalanche of new information coming every day.” 

WikiLeaks played a key role: 
Some of it from WikiLeaks, some of it from new emails. The agents are actively and aggressively pursuing this case. They will be going back to interview the same people again, some for the third time. 
As a result of the limited immunity deals to top aides, including Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, the Justice Department had tentatively agreed that the FBI would destroy those laptops after a narrow review. We are told definitively that has not happened. Those devices are currently in the FBI field office here in Washington, D.C. and are being exploited. 
The source points out that any immunity deal is null and void if any subject lied at any point in the investigation. 
Meantime, the classified e-mail investigation is being run by the National Security division of the FBI. They are currently combing through former Democratic Congressman Anthony Wiener’s laptop and have found e-mails that they believe came from Hillary Clinton’s server that appear to be new , as in not duplicates. 
Whether they contain classified material or not is not yet known. It will likely be known soon. All of this just as we move inside one week until election day.",0
19918,"Cop accidentally discharges his weapon, sending a bullet into the wall of a daycare center","Thu, 27 Oct 2016 15:25 UTC Authorities are only 'contemplating' criminal charges against an East Cleveland police officer today after he discharged his weapon sending a bullet hurling into a day care center. The staff and children at the KinderCare Learning center were likely terrified when a bullet came blasting through the fence and lodged into the wall of the school around 3:35 pm on Tuesday. Police have refused to release the name of the officer who negligently discharged his firearm. Authorities did, however, note that the officer was unloading his 9mm Glock inside his home, directly behind the daycare, when it 'accidentally' discharged. Up until that point, the staff and parents of the children at KinderCare probably thought that their children were safer being neighbors with a police officer. Despite the officer clearly admitting to committing the misdemeanor offense of discharging a firearm within city limits, police have yet to charge him. ""Right now our law department has it and they are reviewing it to see if there should be any charges,"" Police Chief Jack Davis said Wednesday morning. ""It was a very unfortunate incident for the school, as well as him,"" he added. Outside of skating out of the misdemeanor charge so far, this officer also seems to be avoiding the felony offense of discharging a weapon in a gun-free school zone. Imagine for a moment that you were cleaning your pistol and all of the sudden, you accidentally squeeze off a round sending the deadly projectile through the wall of a daycare center, in a gun-free zone. There are two possible scenarios that would take place; the first one being that a SWAT team responds and you are killed. The second, less lethal result would be your inevitable arrest and charges of public endangerment, unlawful discharge, illegal use of a firearm, assault with a deadly weapon, terrorism, or a myriad of other charges associated with sending a deadly projectile hurling through walls and near the heads of innocent people. You would immediately be facing fines, jail time, probation, and firearms restrictions. However, if you are a government agent who's trusted with carrying a deadly weapon into places others cannot, you needn't worry about any of those repercussions as this case will likely prove. When the Akron Beacon Journal contacted the East Cleveland police department to inquire as to what would happen to this officer, they said their department was unaware of the incident. ""We're just grateful that nobody was hurt,"" KinderCare spokeswoman Colleen Moran told Ohio.com. So are we. As the gun controllers call for guns to be taken out of the hands of US citizens, what they really mean is they only want cops to have guns. This cop proves how silly, and dangerous, that demand actually is.",0
19919,Police and Protesters Clash in Minnesota Capital - The New York Times,"ST. PAUL  —   Police officers in riot gear clashed with protesters who blocked a major highway here for hours on Saturday night, marking a tense turn for the demonstrations that have continued almost nonstop since a black man, Philando Castile, was fatally shot by a suburban police officer during a traffic stop on Wednesday. The protesters marched from the Minnesota governor’s mansion onto Interstate 94, chanting refrains such as “We’re peaceful, y’all violent” as the police urged them to leave. Officers struggled for more than four hours to disperse the crowd, at times deploying smoke and marking rounds in a standoff that stretched into early Sunday before snowplows cleared debris and the highway was reopened to traffic. The police in St. Paul said at least five officers were injured by fireworks, rocks, bricks and glass bottles that they said were thrown by protesters. None of their injuries were believed to be serious. Officers said they made arrests, but did not provide information about the number of people in custody or the charges they might be facing. The Minnesota protest was among several sizable demonstrations across the country on Saturday expressing outrage at the deaths of Mr. Castile and of Alton Sterling, another black man, who  was killed by the police in Baton Rouge, La. DeRay Mckesson, a   activist with a large Twitter following, was among more than 30 people arrested on Saturday outside the Baton Rouge Police Headquarters. A live stream via Twitter’s Periscope service captured his arrest after a verbal confrontation with an officer who ordered him not to walk onto a street. Protesters also blocked traffic on Saturday in New York, the local NBC station reported, and The Chicago Tribune said that a series of demonstrations in that city turned tense at times and led to arrests. In Minnesota, the contentious highway shutdown marked a change in tack for the protesters who had occupied the area outside the governor’s mansion for days but had remained almost entirely peaceful. On Friday night, the protest group had been stationary for the most part, listening to music and taking turns at the microphone outside the governor’s residence discussing state laws and calling for changes to police tactics. Earlier on Saturday, a separate group of peaceful protesters had gathered at a park in downtown Minneapolis and prepared to walk through the streets. Nekima   president of the Minneapolis NAACP, said organizers scheduled that march because “people are experiencing trauma after trauma after trauma as a result of what happened. ” Ms.   said many   here had still been coming to terms with the fatal shooting of Jamar Clark by the Minneapolis police in 2015 and the decision not to charge the officers involved. Protesters also blocked traffic on a Minnesota highway after Mr. Clark’s death, and after the fatal shooting of Michael Brown by a Missouri police officer in 2014. As protests continue here, much remains unknown about Mr. Castile’s death. The Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension, which is investigating, has not said why he was pulled over or what happened during the traffic stop. A Facebook Live video of the shooting’s aftermath prompted widespread attention and outrage, with Mr. Castile’s girlfriend suggesting that he had been reaching for his identification when shot by Officer Jeronimo Yanez of the St. Anthony Police. Thomas Kelly, a lawyer for Officer Yanez, said his client had been “reacting to the presence of a gun,” though Mr. Castile’s girlfriend said in the Facebook video that he was licensed to carry a weapon.",0
19920,"Rand Paul returns $620,000 to U.S. Treasury","Rand Paul returns $620,000 to U.S. Treasury 'I promised Kentuckians I would stand for smaller, more efficient government' Published: 15 mins ago 
(Global Dispatch) Following in the footsteps of his father, former Texas Congressman Ron Paul, U.S. Senator Rand Paul announced recently that he saved more than $620,000 from his official FY 2016 operating budget, bringing the total amount Dr. Paul has returned to the taxpayers to over $3,000,000 since taking office in January 2011. 
“It’s easy to picture Washington’s out-of-control spending as a massive, untamable beast,” said Dr. Paul. “So I determined to show change is possible by starting in the area under my control, while working everywhere else I could to stop ‘business as usual.’ 
“I promised Kentuckians I would stand for smaller, more efficient government, balanced budgets, and spending restraint. I’m proud my staff and I have kept that pledge while operating one of the most active federal offices.”",0
19921,The Shadow Brokers dump more intel from the NSA's elite Equation Group,"The Shadow Brokers dump more intel from the NSA's elite Equation Group   
In August, anonymous hacker(s) dumped a cache of cyberweapons that appeared to originate with The Equation Group , an elite, NSA-affiliated hacking squad. 
The leakers called themselves The Shadow Brokers, and they sought bTc1,000,000 for access to the remainder of The Equation Group's files. Earlier this month, arrested NSA contractor Harold Thomas Martin was accused of being the source of the leak to The Shadow Brokers, though not necessarily deliberately (he may have been hacked by The Shadow Brokers). 
The Shadow Brokers have had no takers for their auction, and so they're now dumping more files, presumably to stir up interest. 
The new leak purportedly reveals IP addresses of NSA controlled servers in 49 countries that are used to launch offensives against NSA targets. If the leaks are to be believed, they show that the NSA uses hacked servers in China and Russia to attack other countries. 
The dump contains some 300 folders of files, all corresponding to different domains and IP addresses. Domains from Russia, China, India, Sweden, and many other countries are included. According to an analysis by the security researcher known as Hacker Fantastic, the dump contains 306 domains and 352 IP addresses relating to 49 countries in total. 
If accurate, victims of the Equation Group may be able to use these files to determine if they were potentially targeted by the NSA-linked unit. The IP addresses may relate to servers the NSA has compromised and then used to deliver exploits, according to security researcher Mustafa Al-Bassam. 
“So even the NSA hacks machines from compromised servers in China and Russia. This is why attribution is hard,” Al-Bassam tweeted on Monday.",0
19922,Mexico Ranked Second Deadliest Country in the World,"As the total number of conflict fatalities decreased around the world in 2016, the number of intentional homicides exploded in Mexico. [With 23, 000 homicides in 2016, Mexico ranked as the second deadliest country in the world, the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) revealed in their Armed Conflict Survey.  The report, published on Tuesday, highlighted the effect that drug cartels are having in Latin America. Leading the way are Mexico, Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador: This assessment of violence in the region is based on more than numbers, although the 39, 000 people killed in Mexico, Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador in 2016 indicate a security crisis much more complex and serious than most other countries in the region. Mexico’s 2016 intentional homicide total, 23, 000, is second only to Syria.   …     In all four countries, armed forces have been deployed for many years specifically to fight criminal gangs and, in the case of Mexico, transnational   cartels, with   weapons and vast financial resources. In all four countries, criminal groups have ambitious territorial claims: they fight amongst themselves and use arms to challenge the state directly for local control. Unlike traditional political conflicts, these criminal conflicts are fought to establish autonomous territories, not to pursue national   goals. 2016 marked the second consecutive year that the number of conflict fatalities decreased around the world, CNN noted. Despite the decrease of 10, 000 conflict fatalities from 2015 to 2016, Mexico’s homicide rate is accelerating: As the Armed Conflict Survey shows, intentional homicides jumped by 22. 8% from 2015 to 2016. Violence continues to increase. The first two months of 2017 were the most violent January and February on record, with 3, 779 homicide cases registered by the authorities. The following month was even worse: March 2017 saw 2, 020 murders. This was the highest monthly tally since June 2011, a bloody moment in the midst of Mexico’s ‘war on drugs’. In December 2006, President Felipe Calderon deployed the armed forces to the streets with the mission of crushing the cartels. But the resulting conflict brought misery to Mexico: 105, 000 people lost their lives in intentional homicides between that month and November 2012. Compounding the drug war is the corruption within the Mexican government. The organization that has the largest influence is the Sinaloa Cartel, which the U. S. Department of Justice (DOJ) identifies as the largest and most prolific in the world. Court documents filed by the DOJ against Mexican drug kingpin Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman, the leader of the Sinaloa Cartel, state that corrupting government officials was the cornerstone of the cartel’s success, Breitbart Texas reported. In the 2016 National Drug Threat Assessment, the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) reported, “Mexican TCOs [Drug Cartels] remain the greatest criminal drug threat to the United States no other group is currently positioned to challenge them. ” Despite the risk that Mexican drug cartels pose to the national security of U. S. many Democratic politicians, and even some Republican politicians are opposed to building walls along the U. S.  Border. In April, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) said, “The president, I think, talking about this wall, is expressing a sign of weakness. He is saying I can’t control our borders, I have to build a wall. ” Not to be outdone by Pelosi, Sen. Dick Durbin ( ) said the proposed U. S.  Border wall was “a political stunt. ” Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra.",0
19923,Thomas Frank Explores Whether Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party Will Address Inequality,"Thomas Frank Explores Whether Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party Will Address Inequality   
By KiMi Robinson 

Thomas Frank’s writing about electoral politics and and its impact on American culture has been published for decades in places like Harper’s Magazine, The Wall Street Journal and his 2004 novel, “What’s the Matter with Kansas?” In his latest book, “Listen Liberal: Whatever Happened to the Party of the People?” the journalist and political analyst tackles the question of what changed within the Democratic party to make it become a “ liberalism of the rich .” 
“The Democratic Party itself has changed,” Frank told Truthdig Editor in Chief Robert Scheer during an episode of “ Scheer Intelligence ” this year. “What’s changed about them is the social class that they answer to, that they respect, that they come from.” 
The trend has gotten worse. 
  
“Democrats look at Wall Street, and they see people like themselves,” he said in an interview with Scheer during the Democratic National Convention in July. 
On Tuesday night, Frank will join Scheer at the University of Southern California to discuss “Listen Liberal” and his analysis of Hillary Clinton during this election cycle, from her public views on inequality in United States to her promises to tamp down greed on Wall Street. The conversation will be live streamed on our Facebook page at around 7 p.m. PDT. 
In March, Frank summarized his complex investigation of the Democratic Party and the answers he found: 
And you know, we call it inequality; it is the one great problem that we have. And so my, the question in the book is […] the Democrats have been talking about inequality forever. This is why they exist as a party, is to take this on. Why haven’t they been able to do anything about it? And the answer isn’t what you think. You know, it’s not just because Republicans are so diabolically clever and stop them all the time. And it’s also not just because of the money that is sloshing around in politics, although that’s […] a huge part of the story. But the answer is because the Democrats aren’t who we think they are. You know, they talk about inequality, but their heart really isn’t in it. Income inequality is really not something that they have cared about for a very long time. You know, there are individuals here and there who do, but you talk about people like the Clintons—I mean, Hillary Clinton, her concern for inequality is, this is, I would say is almost completely feigned. 
Frank also joined Scheer earlier this week to promote “Listen Liberal.” Watch a portion of the discussion below: 
</p><p>",0
19924,Gallery Hopes to Sell Kanye West’s ‘Famous’ Sculpture for $4 Million - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   Four million dollars. That’s what a Los Angeles gallery is hoping to get for Kanye West’s “Famous” sculpture, a   silicone homage to 12 of the biggest names in pop culture. Four million for George W. Bush curled in the fetal position, a     Donald J. Trump, coquettish Amber Rose and Rihanna, a cherubic Anna Wintour and Pollyannaish Taylor Swift  —   a rogues’ gallery including Bill Cosby, Chris Brown and Ray J, and arguably three of the most famous   in modern times: Caitlyn, Kim, and Kanye. So lifelike, they even breathe, chests rising and falling as if deep in REM sleep. Seven figures for all that  —   plus the bedspread and the batteries to animate the doppelgängers  —   a number that was floated among attendees at Blum  Poe, the gallery that hosted the private exhibition last weekend. A source close to Mr. West claimed “Famous” would go on tour. Others vacillated between skepticism and quiet acquiescence at the estimate. But the gallery’s   Tim Blum, called it “a good ballpark. ” “I did the math in my head, and it took $500, 000 to a million just to make it,” said Aaron Axelrod, a Los Angeles artist who last month startled audiences by   mapping Frank Lloyd Wright’s Hollyhock House. “ This caught me off guard. It’s one of the coolest pieces I’ve ever seen, which is kind of annoying because it’s Kanye West. ” Solipsism aside, the biggest wow, Mr. Axelrod says, is breathing life into the sculptures, since “this was made for the music video, no one would have been able to tell [how] those sculptures were moving. Which means he’s going above and beyond. ” On Saturday, upon early arrival at the exhibition, technicians were still setting up a    straight out of the   classic “ . ” They toyed with audio, and plugged in   batteries to make the creations come alive. And when they did, the automatons were eerily real. Slumbering as if in a   suspended animation. Yet the most interesting part of the story is the one that didn’t make the final cut. “I think Monday of last week, I got a call from Scooter Braun,” said Mr. Blum of Blum  Poe, referring to the man who discovered Justin Bieber and who is now part of Mr. West’s management team. “Kanye suddenly felt the urge to show the work,” Mr. Blum continued. “Long story short, we made it happen. We pushed some things around and five days later, we had a show. Monday hey, Friday open. ” But why open a day before Mr. West’s “Saint Pablo” tour, two days before the V. M. A. s? It seemed sheer whim, Mr. Blum indicated. Mr. West wanted an art world unveiling, a piece that members of his creative collective, DONDA, said had taken four months of animation modeling,   scanning, stylist consulting, Instagram searches. The result was startlingly accurate. Each animatronic body was   down to the freckles and hair (human!) all applied by hand,    and none more ghoulish than Mr. Cosby’s freckles or Mr. Trump’s fleshy behind. Since Mr. West’s “Graduation” album cover was crafted by Takashi Murakami, a client of Blum  Poe, the gallery was a natural fit. When asked about the multimillion price point, Mr. Blum laughed. It is on sale  —   “for the right buyer,” he said. When you tally the materials needed, labor and Mr. West’s name, the $4 million price tag doesn’t seem so outlandish. “I would project a figure about that,” Mr. Blum said. “To be honest, we did it for the sake of doing it,” Mr. Blum continued. “The show and project were not done with price or sale in mind. But I would act upon it as every other piece of art I handle. ” The show lasted one weekend. Like the man himself, flighty and busy, Mr. West showed up for a few minutes via an onscreen avatar on Friday night. That’s it. “Kanye is Kanye,” said his trainer of three years, Joe Bouraima, a French national whom Mr. West had helped to secure a visa after a fortuitous 2013 meeting in Paris. Ever since, the hulking Mr. Bouraima has been on and off tour with the artist for months, training daily while working on “Famous. ” Not once did Mr. West mention the project. And then, just like that, the mercurial Mr. West decided to stage the   show in Los Angeles  —   and then it was gone. Poof. But to where? A member of Mr. West’s team said that the piece was “on its way to its next location. ” She wouldn’t share where, but Mr. Blum said he could picture “Famous” in a large museum. “I have friends who are directors of museums,” he said. “This is a thing you could see at Lacma [Los Angeles County Museum of Art] MOCA or the Hammer very easily. ” Representatives from the Hammer Museum said they had no such plans, but Mr. Blum mentioned that he and Mr. Braun were actively shopping the piece’s next home. The cliché rings true that all art is imitation, and “Famous” was heavily inspired by Vincent Desiderio’s “Sleep,” which was based on Jackson Pollock’s “Mural” painting. And though “Famous” wasn’t built by Mr. West’s own hand, the concept and direction were his own. Ask others who borrow liberally  —   such as Werner Herzog or Mr. Desiderio  —   all are steadfast that this work is art. Michelangelo, Quentin Tarantino and Chuck Close, have each had assistance to make their ideas come to life. Why should this be any different? “Art is really just an idea,” Mr. Axelrod said. “It’s follow through and direction. What makes a great artist nowadays is being able to put together a team. And he was willing to give up money to put his ideas to life. ” Maybe the greatest quality an artist can possess today isn’t skill or talent  —   it’s commitment to making a vision real. That means money and time. To create something to make the masses remember your name. What else is fame for?",0
19925,https://youtu.be/BFpFCy_b2SM,"July 24, 2016 Latest Radio Show",0
19926,ACLU Targets Jeff Sessions Won’t Defend Michael Flynn - Breitbart,"The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) wants the Senate to question Attorney General Jeff Sessions next week about “his own role with Russia, his role in the Comey firing, and the ongoing investigations into ties with Russia and his recusal,” according to a statement by the organization. [Sessions will appear on Tuesday before the Committee on Appropriations to testify about the Department of Justice budget.  The ACLU says that it is “asking its over 2 million supporters to contact their representatives and urge them to ask Sessions tough questions. ” Asked by Breitbart News what the relevance of the Russia investigation was for civil liberties in the United States, Christopher Anders, deputy director of the ACLU’s legislative office, said: “It’s very fundamental to civil liberties, in that it goes right to the heart of our democracy, in our ability to vote, and that our votes are counted and are meaningful. ” Russia’s hacking  —   or its attempt to hack  —   political parties and local voter databases “raises concerns about integrity of voting and integrity of our elections,” Anders said. Asked whether the ACLU had defended former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, whose telephone calls were under surveillance, and whose name was leaked illegally to the media, Anders acknowledged that the organization had not defended him specifically, adding: “We haven’t accused Michael Flynn of anything, either. ” The ACLU had, Anders pointed out, raised the general issue of surveillance, and was concerned about the   of Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, which is thought to be the provision under which Flynn’s communications were intercepted. “We have said there is a good reason to be concerned,” Anders told Breitbart News. “President Trump is raising a legitimate issue of concern about Americans’ communications being surveilled, and they shouldn’t be, absent a specific warrant. ” In recent months, the ACLU has adopted an aggressive stance against the Trump administration, one very close to the partisan positions of the Democratic Party. It has also organized “Resistance training” workshops for activists opposed to the Trump administration’s policies. Noted civil libertarian Alan Dershowitz wrote last month in the Wall Street Journal: The ACLU was once a nonpartisan organization focused on liberty and equality before the law. In recent years it has chosen its battles with an increasingly   sensibility. In doing so, it has become considerably more equivocal and sometimes even hostile toward core civil liberties concerns of free speech and due process. But Anders defended the group’s record, noting that it had supported Republicans like Sen. Rand Paul ( ) on civil liberties issues, and opposed certain policies of Democratic administrations in the past. He stressed the ACLU’s commitment to defending the Constitution. “That’s what we’re here to do, regardless of who’s in power. ” Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
19927,"A Republican Election Official Just Blocked Door, Demanded Early Voters “Shut Up, Go Home!’","Comments 
A Republican election commissioner and volunteer poll watcher has been accused of voter intimidation after he tried to drive away voters from an early-voting polling place in Pine Bluff, Arkansas. The man, Stu Soffer, is a prominent Trump supporter who serves on the election commission of the majority-black Jefferson County. He has been the subject of national scrutiny before, most notably when he brandished a gun at an Election Commission meeting this Spring and then followed it up with quid-pro-quo corruption over the summer. 
Now, Soffer is facing suit in the local circuit court after Jefferson County Clerk Patricia Johnson and unrelated Pine Bluff voter Victor Johnson accused him of “interfering with and intimidating voters” at the Jefferson County Courthouse on October 24. According to attorney Chris Burks, who is representing Mr. Johnson, Soffer “stood in the doorway of the early voting location and told voters to ‘shut up and go home.’” 
Johnson states in his filings that he was waiting in line at the polling place when Soffer entered with a TV reporting crew. When a county sheriff told Soffer that the TV crew was causing a disturbance and ordered one of its members to leave, Soffer apparently blocked the door to the voting booths and yelled at the assembled citizens to “shut up and go home.” The suit filed by Mr. Johnson states that, “as a result of the disruption caused by Stu Soffer and other Republicans I was not able to cast my ballot that day.” Dozens of other likely voters were apparently turned away in similar fashion. 
Soffer resigned his position as a poll watcher in the aftermath of the incident, but the suit filed on behalf of Mr. Johnson is seeking to have him removed from his position on the county election commission as well. Soffer refused to comment when contacted by local publication Arkansas Online and a hearing date is yet to be set for the case. 
This admittedly localized incident comes against a backdrop of a massive campaign of voter suppression targeting minority communities that is underway across the nation , usually justified by the chimera of voter fraud . Republican officials and commissioners, knowing that Trump’s bigoted rhetoric will cost them the election in any fair vote, are using every dirty trick in the book to suppress minority turnout in a campaign of intimidation that a federal judge in North Carolina rightly characterized as “insane” and “like something that was put together in 1901.”",0
19928,What Does ‘Dress Like a Woman’ Mean? Designers Tackle the Question - The New York Times,"What does it really mean to “dress like a woman”? Social media recently took it upon itself to answer that question, after a brief flurry of rumors about a possible White House dress code. At the Grammys, so did Beyoncé, who apparently decided it meant looking like the golden goddess of fecundity. Now designers are having their turn. It is, after all, a question that lies at the heart of fashion, and that they, at least theoretically, are supposed to be asking themselves every season. Of course, that doesn’t mean they always come up with viable answers. Indeed, during New York Fashion Week shows on Sunday, they sometimes seemed to get so entangled in the many possible responses that they tripped over their own hemlines. Or, in the case of Sander Lak at Sies Marjan, the many fluttery bits that dangled, flapped, ruffled and wobbled in his painterly procession of aubergine, peach, mint green and fluorescent pink. Even with some sporty snaps to ground them, his dresses (and sleeves and trousers) looked as if they’d taken a wrong turn on the way to a Martha Graham dance performance and ended up in the ballroom of the Sixth Avenue Hilton by mistake. Prabal Gurung, however, seemed to know exactly where he was going: toward “multiple ways to celebrate the exuberance of being a woman and to interpret her femininity as she sees fit,” according to the show notes. That’s kind of broad territory. Witness giant nubby, braided and tufted Nepalese knits in wool and cashmere with fox trim. Sleek camo intarsia mink furs in lemon, olive green and white, made for a Park Avenue warrior. Silver devoré shirting and flared trousers fit for a glam rock star. And sheer   evening gowns with    bra tops for  —   well, it wasn’t entirely clear for whom. Someone who does a lot of Soul Cycle, maybe. And a finale of   personalized for each model (including those of welcomely nontraditional runway size) and bearing such messages as “The Future is Female,” “My boyfriend is a feminist,” “I am an immigrant,” and so on. By the time Mr. Gurung appeared for his bow, wearing one of his own tees  —   “This is what a feminist looks like”  —   his celebrity front row (the most diverse yet for any designer, with Misty Copeland, Sarah Jessica Parker, Huma Abedin, Priyanka Chopra and Diane Kruger, among others) were on their feet in ecstasy. Yet with the myriad possibilities, it was also a bit of a muddle. It’s not enough to be inspired by all women, lovely as that sentiment is: Designers also have to know what they stands for  —   the specific thing they offer women  —   and to make aesthetic choices. While some of Mr. Gurung’s were great (those knits!) some were cloying (a     dress dripping with plissé at the sleeves and a host of covered buttons down the skirt) and some were just plain silly. Dressing like a woman does not mean putting the breasts front and center via an entirely sheer Lurex turtleneck, the    movement aside. Whether it instead means dressing in the   gray flannel cape of a renaissance prince, on the other hand, as Joseph Altuzarra seemed to think it does, is far from certain. In an   from last season’s flirtatious romp through the Côte d’Azur, for fall, Mr. Altuzarra took a decidedly more   and historicist turn in black velvet and ruby jacquard. Wool coats were finished in elaborate frogging and big pearl buttons, leather combat boots studded with pearls were laced up to   and they were echoed by corset lacing at the waists of     jersey dresses. Big fur pockets were belted atop little velvet dresses with white poplin collars. Aside from some   leather motorcycle pants worn with a houndstooth blazer, it tipped a bit too far into Shakespearean   territory  —   at least until a   evening skirt with a simple silk blouse, molded red velvet trouser suit and series of    embroidered gowns tore free of the heavy hand, and fabrics, of their more   antecedents. Perhaps the question itself is too weighty these days  —   which is why, at Diane von Furstenberg, Jonathan Saunders took a somewhat alternative approach and chose to reframe the issue in the mantra of the brand’s founder, “Feel like a woman, wear a dress!” “Optimism and color,” Mr. Saunders said of what he wanted to communicate with his collection of    shades, fur jackets (faux and real, in candy colors) scarf silks and skinny knits. Pattern clashed with print and paillettes  —   polka dot with florals and stripes with leopard spots  —   but the easy shapes kept it in line. There was nothing hard about these clothes, from fabric to form. Forget the existential issues for a moment, they said, and have a little fun. And for that moment, milling about the art gallery where the presentation took place, everyone did.",0
19929,98% of public now ‘really looking forward’ to Brexit arguments with relatives over Christmas dinner., ,0
19930,Michael Phelps Relishes the Cheer and Challenge of His New Reality - The New York Times,"Michael Phelps, headphones in, was listening to music on his smartphone to pump himself up for a race at the United States Olympic trials when he felt the phone vibrate in his hoodie pocket. Phelps has faced plenty of distractions in his 16 years as an Olympic swimmer, but nothing like this. Phelps’s    son, Boomer, was in the stands to take in his first Olympic trials, and Phelps’s fiancée, Nicole Johnson, was sending him photographs to commemorate the occasion. She had forgotten that Phelps’s phone held his prerace playlist, a mix of songs from Eminem, Young Jeezy and a more recent addition, Eric Church. With victories in the   butterfly, the   individual medley and the   butterfly at the trials in June and July, Phelps qualified for his fifth Olympics. His vibrating phone signified the cheer, but also the challenge, of juggling his old, proven routines and a new, unpredictable life. The five weeks after the trials in Omaha were a blur of training swims and video chats. Phelps had more on his mind than the two opportunities that he will have in Rio, in the 100 butterfly and the 200 I. M. to join the track and field Olympians Al Oerter and Carl Lewis as the only Americans to win an individual event four times. To chase the record of Oerter and Lewis, Phelps had to leave behind in Arizona his main sources of inspiration, his fiancée and their son. He had looked forward to seeing both during the designated family weekend at a training camp in San Antonio in July, but Johnson reluctantly canceled the trip after Boomer developed a fever and a nagging cough. “So now it’s like I’m always worried that he’s sleeping right, breathing right, getting enough food, getting better,” Phelps, 31, said the next day after a practice. “So it is challenging,” he added. “We just left FaceTime on yesterday, even if we weren’t saying anything. ” Johnson and Boomer made the trip to Atlanta, the site of a second training camp, a little over a week later. They were planning to rejoin Phelps in Rio de Janeiro, where they will serve as the most demonstrable proof of the transformation Phelps has undergone since his last turn as an Olympic star. “He’s just very grounded, and he’s living well,” Bob Bowman, Phelps’s longtime coach, said, adding, “The swimming is far from the only thing that he is doing. ” Phelps has won a record 23 Olympic medals, including 19 golds, through meticulous planning. In preparation for past Olympics, he counted his strokes in case his goggles filled with water and prohibited him from gauging the distance between walls, as they did in the   butterfly final at the Beijing Games in 2008. In September 2013, Bowman handed him a schedule for the 1, 068 days leading up to the Rio Games. In the aftermath of Phelps’s arrest in 2014 for driving under the influence, his second such arrest, and his subsequent   stint in a recovery center, he set out to apply the same detailed approach to his personal life. He   contact with his father, Fred, from whom he had been estranged for several years. In February 2015, Phelps became engaged to Johnson, whom he had dated off and on since 2007, and mapped out the future: After the Olympics, the couple would get married, embark on a long and luxurious honeymoon and then start a family. The plan went awry when Johnson became pregnant in the fall. “Michael was more excited than I was,” Johnson said. “He was over the moon about having a kid. ” Phelps’s rapprochement with his father, she said, freed him to embrace the next nonswimming chapter in his life. “It relieved him of this anger that he held on to for so many years,” Johnson said. “It could have affected the way he looked at himself as a father. ” Phelps credits his personal growth, evident in his teammates’ voting him a team captain for the first time in his Olympic career, to a different reconciliation  —   the one he initiated with Johnson four months before his D. U. I. arrest in Baltimore in September 2014. “We’ve been through a lot,” he said. “But I love her to death. We’ve been able to grow as a couple through everything we’ve been through, the positive changes I’ve made in my life. ” The two met at the ESPYs in 2007. Phelps was presenting an award with the racecar driver Danica Patrick, and Johnson was an athlete guide who harbored dreams of becoming a Formula One racing correspondent. As such, she was not thrilled to be assigned to usher Phelps around. “I really wanted to escort Travis Pastrana,” she said, referring to the motorsports and action sports star. To Johnson’s surprise, “Michael and I just completely hit it off,” she said. They both had divorced parents, and they made each other laugh. Within days, they were a couple. Johnson chose not to attend the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, where Phelps won eight gold medals to surpass Mark Spitz’s record for a single Games, because she did not want to distract Phelps from his singular pursuit of history. “My friends all thought I was crazy for not going,” said Johnson, who was around for the madness that ensued as Phelps waded into the celebrity culture and was carried out to sea by fame’s riptide. Phelps’s mother, Debbie, recalled one moment of many that had illustrated how different her son’s life had become. She was on the phone with Phelps, who was with Johnson at an outdoor shopping mall in Newport Beach, Calif. when it became obvious that she no longer had his full attention. As she recalled, he said: “Mom, I have to call you back. Kobe just pulled up. ” He meant the N. B. A. star Kobe Bryant, who had rolled down the tinted window of his car to greet Phelps. Johnson, a graduate of the University of Southern California, had her own experience with the crosscurrents of a public life. She entered beauty contests, enticed by the scholarship money. In November 2009, she won the Miss California U. S. A. pageant, held in Palm Springs. During her 2010 reign as Miss California, she gained a better understanding of the competing interests that were tugging at Phelps. “It’s hard to put your heart into things when you feel you’re being pulled in so many different directions and people are taking advantage of you,” she said. The two drifted apart, got back together again in 2012 and then broke up, presumably for good, before the London Olympics. Phelps, who had been unable to commit either to Johnson or to swimming, overcame his haphazard preparation to win six medals, including four golds. Then he retired, accelerating the downward spiral that Johnson said had begun after the 2008 Games. “He lived in a bubble for a long time,” Johnson said, adding: “It’s hard to develop as a person when you need them to perform at such a high level. He had to grow up really, really fast. ” Phelps returned to swimming in 2013. The following year, he was in Rio de Janeiro for a swimming clinic when he turned to his agent, Peter Carlisle, and started to say, “If I ever get a chance to get Nicole back. ” Before he could continue, Carlisle corrected him, saying, “No, when you get her back. ” A week after that conversation, Phelps sent Johnson a text that laid bare his feelings for her. “And here we are in 2016 with a child and going to Rio,” Phelps said. It was a little more complicated than that. Johnson was seriously involved with someone when she received Phelps’s text. She wrote him back, saying she was dating someone and would not do anything to jeopardize the relationship. But a few weeks passed, and she could not get Phelps’s words out of her mind, which she took as a sign. Johnson broke up with her boyfriend and cautiously resumed contact with Phelps. To the delight of everyone in his inner circle, they got back together and have been a team since. “It’s been a really fun journey over the last couple of years,” Phelps said, “and a journey that I think has made me the person who I am and helped me transform to me just being me. ” Allison Schmitt, a   Olympian who lived with Phelps and Johnson for the past year so she could train with Bowman at Arizona State, said Phelps had met his match in Johnson, who can turn potential arguments into playful exchanges with parries like, “You can go put on your grouchy pants, Michael, because I know you had a really hard workout. ” After a workout at Arizona State in March, Phelps mentioned a round of golf that had been arranged for him at Whisper Rock, an exclusive   club. When Johnson had found out about his plans, he acknowledged, she had chided him for playing at a club that did not allow women. “She is perfect for him,” Bowman said. “She’s pretty confident in her own right. She didn’t need or want his money. She is her own person. ” It is not easy being a   figure’s other half, though. In April, shortly before Boomer’s birth, Phelps retrieved his phone from his pocket during an interview. He called up Johnson’s Instagram page and read a message a stranger had posted that began, “We want to see your abortion. ” It only got worse from there. “People send her those all the time,” Phelps said with a sigh. “She’ll look at it, delete it and go on with her day. ” Phelps described himself as thankful for Johnson and their sweet life together. He knows how close he came to not knowing such joy. There is a song by Eric Church, one of his favorite artists, about a man named Michael who has a boy who is “starting to look like me. ” The man is a recovering alcoholic pining for the family he lost because of his addiction. That song, Phelps said, is not on his playlist.",0
19931,"Giddy Russians Seek To Rename Street After Donald Trump To ""Make Our City Great Again"" - Russia News Now","This post was originally published on this site 
Residents in the small Russian town of Ryazan, apparently excited by the election of Donald Trump in the United States, have started a petition to have a street in their town renamed “Street of Donald Trump.” The petition was started on “ change.org ,” and, among other things, advocates for the name change because “recently elected U.S. President Donald Trump is a big friend of Russia and is a supporter of traditional values.” 
Per HeatStreet , the petition has already gathered enough support to be officially reviewed by authorities which means residents are well on their way to “making Ryazan great again.” 
The petition for a Trump Street has turned out to be quite popular. It’s gathered enough signatures to be officially reviewed by the authorities. 
“With a street named after Donald Trump we can make Ryazan great again,” said one of the supporters of the petition. 
“I’m signing because I was born in Ryazan and Trump is a great person and will change everything for the better,” said another. 
Here is a loosely translated version of the petition from Google translate: 
Despite the enthusiasm among many, some residents were slightly less supportive of the “Street of Donald Trump” idea and suggested that the town would end up “looking like idiots” if Trump imposed sanctions against Russia. 
Some commenters, however, expressed caution: “You should have waited to see Trump’s first moves. What if he will support the sanctions against Russia? You will look like idiots then.” 
Despite the petition’s popularity, a city official thinks it’s unlikely the street will actually be renamed. “According to Ryazan city regulations,” the official said, “the street can be named after a famous person, Russian or foreign, only five years after the death of this person”. 
Meanwhile, here in the U.S., a 15-year-old student at Richard Montgomery High School in Rockville, Maryland had to be rushed to the hospital after being beaten up by 4 other students for wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat. 
Hundreds of students from Richard Montgomery High School were carrying signs reading, “Love Trumps Hate,” and chanting near the Rockville courthouse on Maryland Avenue in a protest that began at about 10 a.m. when a 15-year-old boy wearing one of the Trump campaign’s “Make American Great Again” hats was attacked by about four students. 
The group surrounded the teen, punching him repeatedly, then threw him to the ground and kicked him repeatedly in the ribs. 
“They jumped him and beat him up pretty bad,” Max Stucky, a bystander who witnessed the attack, told WTOP. 
The teen, who wasn’t seriously hurt, was seen clutching the back of his head in pain. He was helped to his feet by medics and taken to a hospital in an ambulance. 
And still no word from Obama and Clinton on this senseless violence…we’re still waiting… Related ",0
19932,SAG Nominees Include Viggo Mortensen and Other Surprises - The New York Times,"The Screen Actors Guild entered the awards season fray with its nominations on Wednesday, which included a few surprises:  —   “Captain Fantastic,” the tale, led by Viggo Mortensen, about a bohemian family   in a woodsy Northwestern paradise, nabbed a spot in the best ensemble category, the SAG equivalent of best picture.  —   “Loving,” directed by Jeff Nichols and starring Ruth Negga and Joel Edgerton as a   couple who changed   laws, got no love.  —   Emily Blunt landed a nomination, for lead actress, for “The Girl on the Train. ”  —   “Silence,” the Martin Scorsese drama, was shut out. The guild nominations  —   still to come are those from producers and directors  —   are significant bellwethers in the awards season because they represent the industry’s favorite performances and films. SAG has 160, 000 members, about 1, 100 of whom are also in the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences actors’ branch, the largest in the academy. Last year’s SAG winner for best ensemble, “Spotlight,” went on to land the Oscar for best picture. One of this year’s favorites, “La La Land,” isn’t led by an ensemble cast but by two main actors  —   ergo its exclusion from the Screen Actors best ensemble category. “Manchester by the Sea” landed four nominations, the most, followed by “Fences” and “Moonlight,” each with three. The SAG awards will be handed out on Jan. 29. Here’s the list of nominees: Movies Actor in a leading role Casey Affleck, “Manchester by the Sea” Andrew Garfield, “Hacksaw Ridge” Ryan Gosling, “La La Land” Viggo Mortensen, “Captain Fantastic” Denzel Washington, “Fences” Actress in a leading role Amy Adams, “Arrival” Emily Blunt, “The Girl on the Train” Natalie Portman, “Jackie” Emma Stone, “La La Land” Meryl Streep, “Florence Foster Jenkins”  Actor in a supporting role Mahershala Ali, “Moonlight” Jeff Bridges, “Hell or High Water” Hugh Grant, “Florence Foster Jenkins” Lucas Hedges, “Manchester by the Sea” Dev Patel, “Lion”  Actress in a supporting role Viola Davis, “Fences” Naomie Harris, “Moonlight” Nicole Kidman, “Lion” Octavia Spencer, “Hidden Figures” Michelle Williams, “Manchester by the Sea” Outstanding cast “Captain Fantastic” “Fences” “Hidden Figures” “Manchester by the Sea” “Moonlight” Television Outstanding actor, TV movie or limited series Riz Ahmed, “The Night of” Sterling K. Brown, “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story” Bryan Cranston, “All the Way” John Turturro, “The Night of” Courtney B. Vance, “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story” Outstanding actress, TV movie or limited series Bryce Dallas Howard, “Black Mirror” Felicity Huffman, “American Crime” Audra McDonald, “Lady Day at Emerson’s Bar  Grill” Sarah Paulson, “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story” Kerry Washington, “Confirmation” Outstanding actor, drama series Sterling K. Brown, “This Is Us” Peter Dinklage, “Game of Thrones” John Lithgow, “The Crown” Rami Malek, “Mr. Robot” Kevin Spacey, “House of Cards” Outstanding actress, drama series Millie Bobby Brown, “Stranger Things” Claire Foy, “The Crown” Thandie Newton, “Westworld” Winona Ryder, “Stranger Things” Robin Wright, “House of Cards” Outstanding actor, comedy series Anthony Anderson, “ ” Tituss Burgess, “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” Ty Burrell, “Modern Family” William H. Macy, “Shameless” Jeffrey Tambor, “Transparent” Outstanding actress, comedy series Uzo Aduba, “Orange Is the New Black” Jane Fonda, “Grace and Frankie” Ellie Kemper, “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” Julia   “Veep” Lily Tomlin, “Grace and Frankie” Outstanding ensemble, drama series “The Crown” (Netflix) “Downton Abbey ( ) “Game of Thrones” (HBO) “Stranger Things” (Netflix) “Westworld” (HBO) Outstanding ensemble, comedy series “The Big Bang Theory” (CBS) “ ” (ABC) “Modern Family” (ABC) “Orange Is the New Black” (Netflix) “Veep” (HBO) Outstanding stunt ensemble, movie  “Captain America: Civil War” “Doctor Strange” “Hacksaw Ridge” “Jason Bourne” “Nocturnal Animals” Outstanding stunt ensemble, comedy or drama series “Game of Thrones” (HBO) “Marvel’s Daredevil” (Netflix) “Marvel’s Luke Cage” (Netflix) “The Walking Dead” (AMC) “Westworld” (HBO)",0
19933,Pro-Life Leaders Celebrate Motherhood and Reach Out to Those Suffering After Abortion - Breitbart,"National   leaders are celebrating mothers and motherhood as they also reach out to women experiencing the pain of the loss of motherhood through abortion. [The March for Life is celebrating Mother’s Day by inviting its supporters to share special qualities of their moms.  What makes your mother special? https:  .  #MothersDay pic. twitter.   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 12, 2017,  The organizers of the world’s largest   demonstration  —   held in Washington, D. C. each year on the anniversary of the Supreme Court’s Roe v. Wade decision  —   shares tributes to mothers throughout the nation. ”When I was 6 weeks old I would have the first of many brain surgeries  …    my mom stuck with me through it all.”  —  &gt&gt https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 12, 2017,  ”Her heart inspires me to be a better person every day, this is why I love my mom!”  —   Natalie: https:  .  #mothersday pic. twitter.   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 11, 2017,  Thanks to our moms who give us roots and wings! Let us know what makes your mother special  —  &gt&gt https:  . . #mothersday pic. twitter.   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 11, 2017,  After this girl scheduled an abortion, her mom  a lunch appointment changed her mind https:  .  @EmbraceGraceInc #prolife pic. twitter.   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 11, 2017,  ”My mom is one of the most amazing people I know”  —   Adelaide: https:  .  #mothersday #motherhood pic. twitter.   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 10, 2017,    leaders Family Research Council, Alveda King, and Students for Life of America tweet their Mother’s Day messages: This #MothersDay, let us thank God for the boundless blessings of all the mothers in our lives. https:  .  #moms,  —   FRC (@FRCdc) May 12, 2017,  For Mothers’ Day Celebrate Life! pic. twitter.   —   Alveda King (@AlvedaCKing) May 12, 2017,  #momsdontneed abortion. pic. twitter.   —   Students for Life (@Students4LifeHQ) May 11, 2017,  March for Life also acknowledges that, while many families will be celebrating Mother’s Day with gifts and expressions of gratitude for the women who brought them into the world, those who are experiencing loss and pain following an abortion may need hope and healing. There is hope and healing after abortion. https:  .   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 12, 2017,  A Renewed Mother’s Day: Mothers Day History and Real Meaning  https:  .   —   Fr. Frank Pavone (@frfrankpavone) May 11, 2017,  Father Frank Pavone, national director of Priests for Life, also serves as pastoral director of Rachel’s Vineyard  —   the world’s largest ministry for healing after abortion. Pavone tells Breitbart News he is in touch daily with women who mourn their lost motherhood following abortion. ”Our society must not settle for leaving women who face unplanned pregnancy no hope but abortion.” https:  .   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 10, 2017,  “Mother’s Day is for so many of them a time of particular pain, but also a time of particular healing,” he explains. “There are many sentimental trappings of Mother’s Day  —   and these, of course are nothing bad  —   the cards and flowers, the hearts and   greetings. But the woman who started Mother’s Day came to feel that sentimentality had obscured its original meaning. ” Pavone also provides pastoral leadership for the Silent No More Awareness Campaign, an effort to mobilize those who testify to the pain they have experienced through abortion. He relates the story of Anna Jarvis, the founder of the original Mother’s Day holiday, to those who are helping others heal after abortion: After the Civil War, Anna Jarvis, an activist from West Virginia, wanted to honor her late mother for her good work in her lifetime. Anna’s mother had started mothers clubs to help lower infant mortality. Anna carried on her mother’s work. With the outbreak of the Civil War, she created mothers’ clubs that tended to wounded soldiers on both sides. These concrete and organized actions of mothers involved hard work and sustained commitment geared toward saving lives, and often marked by the pain of losing those lives. In a sense, then, the current holocaust of abortion in which we are living, and the pain of so many mothers who have lost their own children, can be an occasion to recover deeper and more original meanings of Mother’s Day. Mothers can come together  —   as so many do through Rachel’s Vineyard and Silent No More  —   to strengthen one another to face the pain abortion brings, to walk the journey of healing, and to commit themselves to save as many lives as possible from this scourge of our day. And in that sense Mother’s Day becomes a holiday for all of us to renew our commitment to defend mothers and their children from something that is taking far more lives than war or disease has ever taken. On Mother’s Day,   leaders also remember women and girls who have continued an unplanned pregnancy and offered their babies for adoption. Adoption changes lives! #adoption #prolife #whywemarch pic. twitter.   —   March for Life (@March_for_Life) May 10, 2017,  ”A birthmom’s decision has nothing to do   giving up but everything to do   giving life. ”https:  .  #BirthMothersDay #Courage pic. twitter.   —   Radiance Foundation (@lifehaspurpose) May 12, 2017,  Dr. Grazie Pozo Christie of the Catholic Association reflects at Angelus of her own experience of the “miraculous grace of adoption”: [T]hose of us who have had the privilege of adopting feel it as a divine benediction. Sometimes we are praised for our generosity, but we know that the gift is all for the parents. Although adoption requires a trusting leap into the unknown and a conscious acceptance of any number of difficulties, the return in joy is dizzying. Often, though my daughter has been with me for nine years, I look at her and I am freshly struck with the utter unlikelihood of her person being mine to guard. What you really need to know about birth moms on Mother’s Day https:  .  #mothersday #chooselife @JettCallie @March_for_Life,  —   Catholic Association (@CatholicAssoc) May 12, 2017, ",0
19934,Signs of the End: Nearly 50% Of Catholics Voted Clinton?,"  TradCatKnight Radio is a quality program bringing you all of the top quests from around the world who are experts in their own specific fields. This program is highly listened to, unique and insightful. In addition I give talks for other radio shows/programs and have been see all over alternative media. I expose the infiltration/apostasy in the Catholic Church. I unmask FreeMasonry/New Age/New World Order/Zionism. I cover economics, health, prepping, survivalism, communist dumbing down of society, earth changes, signs of the times, prophecy, politics, geopolitics, ""conspiracies"", current events, global depopulation, Agenda 21, endtimes, satanic pedophile network, geoengineering, feminism, rise in demonic activity and MUCH more! Contact: Suggestions for special guests or to have me on your program/show.... apostleofmary@hotmail.com Host: Eric Gajewski, B.S., MBA Signs of the End: Nearly 50% Of Catholics Voted Clinton? By Eric Gajewski on November 11, 2016 
Signs of the End: Nearly 50% Of Catholics Voted Clinton? Signs of Times, Catholic Ain’t Catholic Anymore… By: Eric Gajewski 
Buckle up because this blog is about to get “bumpy”. Upon moving through the news today I stumbled upon an article which stated that Trump won the Catholic vote. The article continued on relaying that 45% of those (self-identified) “Catholics” polled voted for Clinton? Yes, you heard me right. Nearly one out of every two people polled voted for the high ranking satanic witch herself. It truly is a sad time to be a Catholic. The good news, of course, is that, those who did identify themselves as “Catholic” are not in reality. Today we live in a cesspool of heresy and apostasy. I couldn’t imagine the remarks of some of the Church Fathers if they had lived in our time. Make no mistake I hold that Trump is a New World Order puppet but at least he is pretending not to be Satan. My goodness how low society has hit when self-professed Catholics vote for a satanic pedophile. Fifty percent of supposed “Catholics” voted for death itself and did these same 50 percenter’s forget their way home from the voting machines as well? 
It is truly not surprising. Take a look at what is going on the Vatican and you have your answer. From the top on down it is nearly wholly corrupt. The Synagogue has the highest seat now in the Vatican and has puppets/agents spread throughout all the world governments. Folks, voting for evil will not get rid of evil. Only God now can cure us of this disease in the Vatican and in Washington D.C. Stupid is as stupid does and when the supposed leader of the Church goes around making such idiotic statements which run contrary to the Faith the stupidity only tends to grow. I am certain that these Clinton supporters no longer have any fear of God by demonstrating their support for her. Lebron James the “Christian” (Illuminati puppet) even came out and supported her. 
The Church was meant to be the salt of the world. The statistics show that Obama won the “Catholic” vote back in 2012 so at least we had a drop in 5 percent over the last 4 years. I could not be any more sarcastic. This number should not even be one percent! In my most recent poll on TradCatKnight (which closed yesterday) I had 2 percent of the viewing audience say they would vote for Clinton. What in the hell is wrong with people these days? Is it the “chemtrail nanobots” activating inside the heads of men telling them to go vote for Satan? Is it the fluoride in the water which is specifically targeting the “Catholic” population alone? Or maybe just maybe it is the Marxist/Socialists who have hijacked our Church? Since Vatican II the Church has been overrun with heresy which is now being labeled truth. Hey…but they got to get with the times! Churchmen have completely lost their minds because they have lost God’s grace. Their hearts are ill and thus their minds rot and vice versa. Churchmen of the Conciliar Church (Vatican II) no longer are the salt but they are sugar. They are too busy trying to sugar coat everything and kiss up to the world. Some “Catholics” on their way home? 
It must have been those Ouija board playing “Catholics”. Apparently, 50% percent of these supposed Catholics missed that part in the Church’s teaching on voting for pro-choice politicians. Or did they? Have we arrived at that point in history where those claiming to follow Christ no longer even care about the basics? And if so how does this not indicate that Antichrist is right around the corner? Truly, a sign for our times. My good friends, I would argue that nine out of every ten “Catholic” isn’t Catholic these days due to this apostasy in the Church. These heretics showing up to vote are no more Catholic than Stephen Hawking is. Seriously, what Catechism do these “Catholics” read besides their Maxim magazine and Sports Illustrated (modern man’s new catechism). It truly is sad and frightening what I have to encounter out in “internet land” on a daily basis in regards to who labels themselves “Catholic”. Is there any hope with error so widespread? On the human level there is not which is why God will soon chastise this world like it has never seen. Men will see (they will wish they hadn’t) God’s distaste for liberalism, Marxism, Socialism, Americanism, Communism, Protestantism, Zionism, etc. Buckle up it is going to get bumpy. 
We all know we live in apocalyptic times, however, does it get any more apocalyptic than “Catholics” voting for Killery? Forget about that asteroid coming to end society for society is already lost and gone. As the Church goes so will the world and this perfectly summarizes where we are in terms of the times we live in. It is hard enough these days to try and convert those outside the true Catholic Faith and now I have to deal with this argument (that nearly half voted for Hillary). Again, this is not to say that Trump is not evil either. The reason people believe he is not evil is simply a distorted perception of him. What you see of him (in the mainstream media) is how the new world order wants you to perceive him. This “branding” will only make it easier to institute the race war and riots they have planned from the backlash of his election. 
When will the voters realize the game has been rigged? Heck, even Hitler was funded by the Zionists and that was ancient history. You think it is any different now? The answer is the New World Order loves and wants the division they have created since this election and they plan on taking full advantage of it. Then, of course, the new world order will use this division to further solidify the One World Religion coming. The same principles for marriage ought to be applied for voting. Do you just settle? Do you continually make your bed with these puppeteers of the new world order? Can you imagine if you actually convinced yourself to marry the lesser of two evils? When will men await the arrival of the eagles? I have been saying for some time now “pray for the best but prepare for the worst” yet too many ride upon that “high of false hope” as this four year roller coaster keeps passing by. Will there be an outpouring of prayer out to God for real leaders (who are really outsiders) who will truly lead men through the Great Storm to come. It assuredly isn’t Trump nor Clinton because both who cash checks from the snakes head called “Israel.inc”. 
P-R-S Model (Problem, Reaction & Solution) The Problem= Hillary Clinton Reaction= Need change, an “outsider”= Donald Trump (supposed Outsider) Solution= division and civil unrest (which ultimately leads toward a wanting of a “messiah” figure to come) 
Clinton Voters…Just in case you didn’t think America was doomed Related Posts:",0
19935,"FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election: part 2","By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on November 2, 2016 By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor and Ian Greenhalgh, Managing Editor 
Sources within the FBI have informed VT that a cabal tied to right wing extremists, in particular General Paul Vallely’s Stand Up America (advocating the violent overthrow of the American government) and the Federalist Society along with groups like St. Hubertus and Bilderberg, now run the rank and file of the FBI. The FBI is now a key component of the secret societies that John F. Kennedy warned about. When top DC insiders meet with oil and defense contractors, be it a “prayer breakfast” or “hunting society” or to dance around a fire somewhere wearing horned headgear, the FBI is there. 
Calls for a special prosecutor to investigate possible FBI involvement in attempts to rig this years presidential election have more to them than meet the eye. A culture of corruption has infected the FBI to the point where they have become a danger to national security. Let’s be clear, the majority of FBI agents are not only competent and honest, they are fine people. However, this is a deeply political group, strongly right wing, with a very secretive hierarchy that has not only taken sides in the election, but has been involved in covering up terrorist acts and organized crime for years. 
Recently, CNN called for a special prosecutor to investigate the FBI. There is a reason for this, which we will get into, not at some small risk. CNN also reported on “fake news” and the threat it entails. What if I told you that the majority of FBI agents, including highest level officials, were not only “birthers,” a belief even Trump now has backed away from, but openly talk about murders they believe Hillary Clinton has committed or continue to insist that President Obama is a Muslim? Worse still, many actually insist that Barack Obama is the anti-Christ. 
Not only are those who run America’s most powerful law enforcement organization rooted in conspiracy theories and delusions, they are continually hoaxed by fake news stories. 
Worse still, the FBI has, for years, covered for financial criminals, the payday loan scams, the mortgage “robo-signers” and more. When America’s savings and loans were crashed by fraud during the Reagan administration, costing $1.4 trillion, few went to jail. This may have been the beginning. When, in 2007, America’s investment banking system collapsed, the price of that nearing $10 trillion, all of which involved criminal fraud on an unimaginable scale, all that could be done was a “bail out,” but no prosecutions though nearly half the equity value of the entire nation had been redirected overseas by an international criminal cabal. 
This is the same FBI, under the guidance of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, that got behind torture, kidnapping and illegal surveillance. 
Where we are now is this, organized crime at the highest levels is free to operate in the US with impunity while the FBI runs political witch hunts under the direction of right wing extremist groups. 
We are told that the FBI helped squash the 9/11 investigations, including releasing certain suspects tied to foreign intelligence services along with a series of investigations tied to voter intimidation, voting machine hacking and the death of Michael Connell , which would have brought down the Bush presidency. 
Read today’s New York Times about Donald Trump’s income taxes, where the term “improper” is used when describing Trump’s taking huge tax deductions for losses by others. Even the Times is afraid of using the term “criminal.” It isn’t Trump they are afraid of. Gambling boss Sheldon Adelson just gave Trump $25m today, dirty money to bolster a flagging campaign, donated after the FBI attempt to down Clinton with a phony email scandal failed miserably due to VT investigative reporting . 
VT’s allegations have now all been supported, and sources are coming forward about much more serious problems within the FBI and real threats to national security. 
The Federalists 
There is both a public and private version of the Federalist Society. They organize high school debates, the recruit “like minded conservatives” to go to law school or in law schools, they push “right minded” lawyers into key positions in politics, in the courts and in the FBI. There’s the rub. There is a dark side to the federalists as well, agenda drive and very “anti-government,” as much as any militia, in fact “out neoconning” the neocons hands down. 
The Federalist Society is powerful, embedded everywhere and operating with a grand plan, one that involves something beyond tyranny as we know it, the full unabridged version of the corporate state where superior man is allowed his way and others, well, they learn to lie down and take it. 
This is conservatism, or “neo-conservatism” as it exists, not on the news but in real life, elitism at the hands of self proclaimed elites “in their own minds,” empowered mama’s boys, ass kissers and the kids that hung around the teacher’s skirts during recess so they wouldn’t get their tiny little asses handed to them by regular children. 
The Plot 
What if congress were controlled by the Federalists? What if the Federalists controlled, until Scalia was killed anyway, the Supreme Court as well? What if the Federalists organized congress to block judicial appointments, in order to run the courts and control key cases around the country for paying clients, some drug cartels, defense companies but more often big polluters, drug companies and banks, the kind of banks that robo-sign mortgages and bilk customers out of their savings. 
The Federalists run the FBI, having taken over after pushing aside the Mormon contingent, still alive and well but less powerful, that was put in place by Hoover. 
Here’s the rub, we have seen congress do little during the Obama presidency but run investigations, some of them like Benghazi, built on “fake news” and internet conspiracies. We also mentioned that the FBI, rather than being a collection of elitist lawyers and big IQ guys, is now Fox News conspiracy junkies who, after 9/11, ate the entire donut cart of fantasy fed to the general public and have, for more than a decade, chased shadows and fought a war on terror against organization that never existed. 
Where this applies now is in what we have seen over the past few days. We have established the “crying liberal goodguy” credentials of James Comey, FBI Director. We know he hates torture, fought against, for awhile at least, the surveillance state and certainly convinced President Obama that he was going to be able to clean up the FBI after its long descent into disrepute during the Bush/Gonzales period. 
For years, every time Alex Jones or some other podcaster or blogger, a “fake news” generator came up with a tale about Hillary Clinton, Congress put millions on the table and began the witch hunt. The version of Benghazi that congress chases around and the one the intelligence agencies know is real are so unrelated as to share almost no facts at all. Everything about Libya was secret, including the shotgun wedding between Gaddaffi and Bush/Blair, a sick threesome involving not just arms dealing but a covert nuclear weapons program, germ warfare labs and surrogate terrorism to be blamed on others, like Syria. 
Where it gets dangerous is here, we have congress controlled by the GOP, a mix of Tea Party true believers, with the wild eyed look worn down a bit and the “I am for sale, name a price” written on their fat pink little pig faces. 
Mix in the usual suspects, the “Washington types,” running when told, where told, fully at the services of the lobby, Israel, big Pharma, the drug cartels who top off their Bain Capital/Cayman Islands bank accounts… 
Add to that, the endless obstructionism, the endless investigations and, wait for it, an FBI now controlled by the Federalist Society, the name group that runs the congressional investigations and manages the payoffs as well. 
Then Obama throws Comey into the mix. Here is what we are told; Comey killed the expected prosecution of Hillary not because the investigation showed she didn’t commit crimes but because the investigation showed very much that she had committed many crimes, but for one minor problem. The investigation itself was corrupt, fabricating evidence, intimidating witnesses and falsifying everything it touched. The Federalists expected Comey to bend over as he had so many times in the past. Instead, he simply threw it all out. 
The leaders of the FBI cabal met at a contractors ranch in Montana to discuss how to get not only Hillary but Comey as well. The deal was this, take a batch of emails that were “out there,” and there were hundreds of thousands unaccounted for. Seed classified information into them, for “security’s sake” like had been done before, something Comey caught onto when he killed the FBI’s case against Hillary. 
Then to do two things, crash the election and get rid of Comey. With Trump coming in, if things work out, Comey will be replaced with a puppet of choice and the Federalist run FBI will be unleashed to blackmail, torture and fabricate evidence until caught and there will be nobody left to speak up. 
Working hand in hand with them will be congress and pouring money in, the drug cartels, the Israel/Saudi/Turkish lobby, big oil and maybe even the Russians as well, who knows. The sky is the limit. This is just like the good old days with Nixon. 
Setting up Comey was easy. Get the emails, put them on Weiner’s computer and fail to legally gain access to them by not applying for a search warrant. Then go to Comey telling him they were just found. With his weak constitution and the abuse he got from Trump’s people, combined with the “line agent insurrection” (yes, this is the term used) for standing up against them once, Comey would fold. 
Comey folded, he took the bait and ran to congress with the weeks old illegally obtained probably seeded and falsified evidence that has burned down his career. 
With calls for FBI Director James Comey to step down and accusations of FBI corruption from both the Trump and Clinton campaigns, sources have begun to come forward. What we are hearing, primarily from inside the FBI but from Washington insiders of both parties, will shake the very foundations of the republic. We begin: 
What We Know 
James Comey has a history as a reformer and advocate of constitutional rights. In 2004, he was brought into the Bush Department of Justice but soon found much amiss and became a critic of torture, rendition and “cooked” terror cases. President Obama believed he was pulling a fast one by moving Comey, a Republican, into the slot as FBI director. Comey was tasked with reforming the Bureau, which had begun “cowboying” cases and making up the rules, widely abusing even its broadened powers under anti-terror legislation that many legal experts cite as being unconstitutional. To many in the FBI, the Patriot Acts and FISA weren’t tyrannical enough. 
The FBI is overrun with factions and some of them are closely tied to extremist groups that advocate the overthrow of the United States government. 
Let’s be clear, most FBI agents are lawyers, many are experienced law enforcement officers and, typically, the majority are frighteningly honest, a bit dull and very right wing. Most FBI agents are “birthers,” and still believe that President Obama is a Muslim and was born in Kenya, though there is no evidence, whatsoever, to imply that either assertion has merit. 
Still they believe this. In discussions with FBI agents and ranking FBI officials, invariably they are horribly uninformed on international affairs and seem as though they get their ideas about terror threats from TV shows. Most are not rooted in reality, not by standards of an intelligence agency or military command. The FBI has developed a closed culture, almost cult-like, where influences are often extremist, sometimes religious and were the organs of oversight and control have broken down. 
The FBI can’t be trusted. 
The public knows that Director Comey wrote a letter to congress where he expressed an obligation to inform congress of evidence he had just received that indicated that not all emails between former Secretary of State Clinton and others, sent through a private server, had been evaluated for potential criminal elements. The letter went no further. 
Comey had been warned not to send the letter, advised may be a better term, by Attorney General Loretta Lynch and other officials, making their case that he is not authorized to released such information and that the timing of this was highly suspect and this act would damage the reputation of the FBI. 
Lynch was unaware that the emails had, in fact, been around for a up to a month. She was alway unaware that they had been illegally downloaded or “synced” into Anthony Weiner’s computer. She was further unaware that existing search warrants made viewing or evaluating these emails, in any way, no matter how they had been accessed, was illegal. 
Thus, when Comey commented in his letter about the basic nature of the emails, information only available through a process that violated law, he moved into the area of gross misconduct, perhaps criminal misconduct and left himself open for accusations of Hatch Act violation. The basis Comey applied for rationalizing his act was predicated on these points: A valid search warrant that covered these emails was in place. It was not. These emails had been, in fact, already in the hard drive and were not placed there, “planted” or “synced” by the FBI. If Comey were told this or failed to ask or make certain, the standard for conspiracy and obstruction charges exist within his office and the case management team at the FBI. Comey based his letter on what he claimed was his belief that these emails had just been discovered. In fact they had been around for as long as five weeks, a fact that raises more questions: Why did Comey wait until just prior to an election? Who did he talk to? What transpired during this period? Why did Comey not as for a search warrant to review the emails, though we know the process, or at least a cursory and quite illegal process had already begun, until after he wrote his letter and was bombarded with criticism? 
A powerful group of FBI agents, opposed to Hillary Clinton, a group that includes extremists tied to the are the force behind the bizarre letter Director James Comey wrote to Congress last Friday, which have led to calls for his resignation and even arrest. 

The FBI claims it knew of the Weiner/Abedin emails as early as September 22, 2016 and had certainly accessed them, without a warrant, by October 3 or 4. 
Director Comey’s letter to Congress makes reference to knowledge that could only be obtained by reviewing minimally header material but also limited text in the emails, which he makes note of, though there is no legal basis for him having any information at all, as no warrant was issued until yesterday. 
Yesterday, Comey announced that the emails had been held for some time. If this is true, it was done without his knowledge, a serious breach of national security. If he did know, it is for Comey to show how he dealt with that knowledge for the past 30 days, with whom he conferred and why he waited. This is where Senator Reid finds basis for citing Comey as in criminal violation of the Hatch Act and sees likely intent on Comey’s part to rig an election. 

Things in Washington are coming apart as a pattern of “cowboying,” up to and including criminal acts, planting evidence, Hatch Act violations, perjury and obstruction may well have infected the FBI. Sources indicate that “line agents” within the FBI who either support the Trump candidacy or strongly oppose Hillary Clinton, are using the Bureau to try to rig this year’s presidential election, an assertion now echoing around Washington. 
The Hillary email issues, cited by Senator Harry Reid (D) Utah as a violation of the Hatch Act, Federal employees involved in rigging an election, is only the tip of the iceberg. Yesterday, FBI Director James Comey admitted that he didn’t know agents had withheld emails by Clinton aide, Huma Abedin, that he mistakenly reported to congress as a recent discovery. 
In fact, not only had the agents held these emails for weeks, as early as September 22, 2016, they had failed to ask for a warrant to even view them. Moreover, the acquisition of the emails itself was, according to numerous sources, an abuse of a warrant. Worse still, as the emails weren’t actually even on the computer but were loaded to it, and then misrepresented as being “found” on the computer’s hard drive. 
Practices like this were commonplace during the second Bush administration and it was James Comey that was brought in to institute reforms and end the procedural abuses that had become rampant inside the Bureau. After 9/11 sweeping changes in surveillance legislation and broadly expanded powers instilled in many agents, according to sources in the Department of Justice, a broad disrespect for constitutional guarantees. 
“They went a bit nuts there, and by the time Ashcroft (Attorney General) tried to rein them in, it was too late. Ashcroft was sick and was eventually pushed out by even stronger advocates of enhanced interrogation and the rule of the day, “rounding up the usual suspects,” guilty or not, in order to make the papers and sell more terror legislation.”",0
19936,URGENT: Donald Trump Just Called Out Obama for His SICKEST Crime Yet! * LIBERTY WRITERS NEWS,"If you love Donald Trump, then you are gonna really LOVE this. Obama figured he was untouchable, but Trump just pulled out the big guns and Obama is absolutely horrified!! 
Trump told his rally in Florida today that… Obama was aware that Hillary Clinton and the Democrats were hiring people to beat up Trump supporters at his rallies! 

Donald Trump actually made a great point. The guy behind the violent attacks was a Democrat named Bob Creamer. Creamer, a convicted felon, admitted on tape to hiring the attackers for Hillary! 
However, when more digging was done, it was discovered that Creamer visited the White House over 300 times since Obama became president. 
Trump said, ‘He visited the White House, I think it was 344 times, right? But he said, “Yeah, but I only saw that president 44 times.” Oh, well that’s okay. So I’m sure the president didn’t know anything about the violence, right?’ Trump also reminded the crowd that Hillary Clinton actually paid one of the fighters $1500 and a new cell phone in return for causing a massive fight at his Chicago rally. Look, these are the exact same tactics that Hitler use. Hillary Clinton is exactly like Hitler. I call her Hitlery! If you wanna stop Hitlery, then the first step is to share this article out and make the world see Trump is way better. Step two is to get out and VOTE! ",0
19937,"After EU Threatens Sanctions, Philippines Refuses Aid to Stop ’Interfering With Our Internal Affairs’","MANILA, Philippines (AP)  —   The Philippines will no longer accept new grants from the European Union, officials said Thursday, forgoing possibly more than 250 million euros ($ 278. 7 million) in funds for development projects in the country. [The EU delegation in Manila said the Philippine government informed it about its decision Wednesday, but it has yet to receive a written notice. Executive Secretary Salvador Medialdea, in a text reply to the Associated Press, said the move was “to discourage them from interfering with our internal affairs. ”  President Rodrigo Duterte earlier had challenged the EU to stop its assistance after the bloc warned that the Philippines risks losing   exports to Europe because of the thousands killed in the war on drugs launched by Duterte and Manila’s moves to revive the death penalty. “The President has approved the recommendation of the Department of Finance not to accept grants from the EU that may allow it to interfere with internal policies of the Philippines,” presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella told reporters Thursday. EU Ambassador Franz Jessen said more than 250 million euros ($278. 7 million) worth of grants could be at stake. “We are still awaiting more detailed clarification from the government,” Jessen said in an email to the AP. “The amount possibly concerned by the new decision is 250 million euro plus. For this year the amount affected could be 100 million euro. ” Development projects currently using EU assistance include a 35 million euro ($39 million) grant to support the peace process with Muslim rebels in the southern Philippines. The EU is the largest foreign investor in the Philippines, the only member of the   Association of Southeast Asian Nations to enjoy   exports under EU’s Generalized Scheme of Preferences + or GSP+ incentives for developing countries. The Philippine’s   exports to EU was worth around 1. 6 billion euros ($1. 78 million) in 2016, according to EU delegation data. In March, the EU summoned a Philippine envoy to explain an   tirade by Duterte, who threatened to hang EU officials for opposing his efforts to   the death penalty. The EU’s external action service, the equivalent of a foreign office, said it hauled Charge d’Affaires Alan Deniega to its Brussels headquarters to provide “an explanation for the recent, unacceptable comments of President Duterte. ” The move highlights growing European exasperation with the president. Earlier, the EU denied his allegations that it proposed solving the Philippines’ drug problem by creating treatment clinics where illegal drugs such as methamphetamine or cocaine would be dispensed. Duterte has lashed out at the EU repeatedly for raising human rights concerns over his deadly crackdown on illegal drugs. “If you think it is high time for you to withdraw your assistance, go ahead, we will not beg for it,” Duterte said in a speech in October, referring to aid from the U. S. EU and other critics. The social development arm of the influential Catholic Bishops Conference of the Philippines criticized the government’s decision. “The Duterte administration is just too fanatically engrossed on the war on drugs, hating every institution that questions it,” said the Rev. Edwin Gariguez, head of the   Secretariat for Social Action. “This   is echoed even in making foreign or economic policy, which is extremely detrimental to the welfare and interest of the poor, like this decision not to accept EU aid. ”",0
19938,A Republican Congresswoman Has Personal Stake in Transgender Debate - The New York Times,"MIAMI  —   The day Rodrigo   told his prominent parents about his new gender identity, he did so in a letter that he left on their bed. Then he grabbed a packed bag and, unsure of whether he would be welcomed back, went to a friend’s house to see if his family would love him or leave him. His shocked parents, Representative Ileana   a Miami Republican, and Dexter Lehtinen, who served as the top federal prosecutor here, did not hesitate. They grabbed the phone and told him that they loved him and that family trumped all, and asked him to come home. But as with many parents of transgender children, they were also overwhelmed by fear: The future they saw for their then    whom they had named Amanda, would be pockmarked with discrimination and bullying, if not outright violence. It was this visceral reaction to want to protect her child that drove Ms.   to break from her party’s skepticism or hostility on gay and transgender issues  —   a stance evident now in North Carolina’s battle over transgender bathroom visits  —   and become a conspicuous advocate in Congress and more recently in public service announcements. On Monday, Ms.   her husband and her son, now 30, will appear in the latest one for SAVE, a longtime South Florida gay rights group that hopes to engage the Latino community here. “I worried about his safety and about his ” Ms.   said, noting that inflammatory debates like the one about school bathrooms serve to further alienate transgender youths and subject them to more bullying and animosity. “I didn’t want him to be depressed. You think of all the parade of horribles that could happen. ” There is ample evidence that many transgender people continue to be rejected by their families, employers and society, a situation that is beginning to change as the transgender movement becomes more visible and better organized. And while Ms.   profoundly disagrees with President Obama on a number of issues, especially on his approach to Cuba, she agreed with his administration’s directive Friday telling school districts to allow students to use the school facilities that match the sex they identify with, even if that conflicts with their anatomical sex. “Allowing students to use the bathroom of their authentic selves is a step forward in stopping the stigma around transgender individuals,” said Ms.   63, the first Hispanic woman elected to Congress. “Unnecessary laws only make transgender youth feel unaccepted, and can lead to depression or even worse, suicide. ” Her husband, a lawyer who as a United States attorney here supervised the prosecution of the Panamanian strongman Manuel Noriega and now teaches constitutional law at the University of Miami, said the administration had sent a strong message. But he questioned the method, worrying that the president’s unilateral approach might undercut the protections he is offering. “It’s important that in this slow but necessary recognition of equality that we do it on a sound legal basis, because law and process carry great weight with the American people,” Mr. Lehtinen said. “It legitimizes what we are trying to do. ” As for the Republican Party, Ms.   who has served in the House for more than 25 years, said it would come along as more Americans shared stories of how discrimination can harm the lives of gay and transgender people. “The Republican Party’s stance on the issue is lagging behind,” she added. “But folks are figuring out that there is no political harm in embracing these issues and, in fact, they see a lot of good can come out of it. ” For her family, the journey that began with Rodrigo’s letter in 2007 unfolded over five years. Rejecting their child, who had just graduated from Brown University, was unthinkable. Even so, getting entirely comfortable with the idea of a daughter who had become a son, a sister who had become a brother, was not altogether easy for the family and required adjustments, particularly outside the home. “It was an evolving conversation for the next five years,” said Mr.   who will soon move back to Miami from Los Angeles, where he works as a   for a gay, lesbian and transgender rights group. “Nobody expects their child to be transgender. It’s a big shift, and we often want to go back to our normal lives. ” Although he had come out as bisexual as Amanda in high school, he said he knew so little about transgender people that he did not see it in himself until he got to Brown. He trod slowly, first by wearing men’s clothing and asking friends to call him Rodrigo. “I didn’t know how comfortable a person could feel until I had tried on men’s clothes,” said Mr.   who goes by Rigo, adding that he had long grown accustomed to feeling depressed or anxious. “A fog lifted. ” When the moment came to tell his family, he had no reason to think they would lash out, but he still imagined the worst. “I am about to lose everyone I love,” he told himself. He also feared that he would hurt his mother’s political career, a possibility that did not worry Ms.  . A turning point came when he told his    abuelo in 2010. “We were terrified to tell him,” Mr.   said. Instead of becoming angry, his grandfather shrugged. At his age, he said, nothing was more important than the happiness of his grandchild. “It was an incredibly simple and loving response,” Mr.   added. As time went on, he began taking testosterone, and now sports a beard. Last year, he married a man, adding Heng to his name. His father, who was badly wounded in the face in Vietnam as an Army Ranger (and still bears the scar) says one way to generate empathy is to help people understand that sexual and gender orientation do not define a person’s character  —   but that their work ethic, their honesty, their grit do. “I don’t mean it’s not important to the individual it’s that it should not be important to us which choice they make,” Mr. Lehtinen said. “They are the same person. It’s sometimes difficult for me to understand why anybody would think that their fundamental character would change because of their sexual orientation. ” Their son, Mr. Lehtinen added, has never been happier. As for the family, the new normal is exactly that  —   normal. This is exactly the message the Lehtinens hope to convey to Latinos as they sit around their kitchen table drinking coffee in the SAVE public service announcement, which will air on   networks. Many Latinos are perceived as more traditional and more reluctant to embrace sexual diversity. Gay, lesbian and transgender issues were mostly taboo until recently, which meant that there was scarce media attention on the issue. Polling by the local management consultant Bendixen  Amandi, which has surveyed people on these issues for years and was commissioned by SAVE, showed that the way to connect with Latinos was to present a parent talking about the importance of family. This was an easy fit for the Lehtinens, who embraced that message from the start and whose prominence here gave it extra weight. “Every transgender person is a part of someone’s family and should be treated with compassion and protected from discrimination,” Ms.   said in the video.",0
19939,BREAKING: It’s Official Now China Government Confirms Existence Of UFO And Aliens,"We know by now that various governmental institutions have spilled the beans regarding the existence of UFOs, but the Chinese want to break the ice and expose it all. 
Via AlternativeNews 

Because of the constant pressure posed by the people willing to know the truth of what’s really happening on this planet, they had no choice other than declassify decades of thorough investigations of unidentified flying objects.
The CIA, the FBI, the Navy, NASA, military officials, retired astronauts, ex-personnel of area 51, plus many other governments from Brazil, Russia, and recently China, are all admitting at least in part or in full that really some messed up things are happening around us, with cause probably being otherworldly.
Scroll Down For Video Although this data has been known for quite some time by those actively investigating the UFO phenomenon, there are others who are just waking up to this reality and who deserve to know the truth.
In a recent gathering of the non-profit organization known as Citizen Hearing, Shi-Li Sun, an esteemed researcher and president of the Chinese UFO Federation has stepped forward denouncing this concealed reality of UFOs.
According to him, the UFO phenomenon not only is authentic, but it stretches back tens of thousands of years, to a time when ancient China was barely shaping its culture and traits. In his acceptance, otherworldly visitors might had impacted our entire society, and for an unknown period of time contributed to the foundation of humanity before vanishing into outer space, probably to return at a later date to check on Earth’s well-being. In Chinese culture, all these otherworldly beings personified as deities were converted into a single great cosmic beast – the Dragon.
Chinese people consider ourselves as the descendant of Dragon, and Dragon is from outer space in the Chinese culture, so in the Chinese culture we are from outer space as descendant of Dragon,” Shi-Li affirmed.
To break this short, here is what he had to say on behalf of himself, and all the prominent figures involved in the Chinese UFO Organization:
Certainly, after years of research, a large number of Chinese UFO scholars, including myself, are convinced of the authenticity of UFO, the existence of UFOs and aliens…So, we believe in the existence of UFOs, we believe in the existence of aliens and extraterrestrials.”
If you want to find all the spicy details unraveled by the Chinese, make sure to watch the official statement in the video below. Oh, and don’t forget to spread the word about these groundbreaking news, everyone deserves to know about this. [Skip to 6:50 mark for the statement]
",0
19940,Kellyanne Conway Fires Back at Morning Joe’s Baseless Attack: ’It Is a Privilege to Assist President Trump’ - Breitbart,"Counselor to President Donald Trump Kellyanne Conway is firing back hard at Morning Joe hosts Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough for baselessly claiming she does not actually support President Trump. [Conway said in a statement on Tuesday:  The hosts of MSNBC’s Morning Joe have become virulent critics of the President and those close to him. Ignoring insults and insinuations is a valuable skill. But when sentiments are attributed to me that are not true, it is necessary to respond. My beliefs, commitments and loyalties are plain to see. The notion that I am serving for ‘the money’ or a ‘paycheck’ is absurd. As campaign manager, I made a fraction of what other consultants have made on unsuccessful presidential campaigns. Then I walked away from dozens of opportunities for millions of dollars, and instead walked into the White House. I would do it again. It is a privilege to assist President Trump in the White House, just as it was during the campaign. I know him, I respect him, I believe in him, and I am confident in his capacity to be a transformative and successful President. Taking a moment from more important matters to respond   …    . pic. twitter.   —   Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) May 16, 2017,  Conway’s Tuesday statement comes after   attacks from Scarborough and Brzezinski on Monday morning’s program, in which they claimed that Conway —  Trump’s successful general election campaign manager —  is only in it for the money. They even claimed that Conway once said she needed “a shower” after standing up for Trump when the microphones were off during the campaign, something on which they provided no proof. “This is a woman, by the way, who came on our show during the campaign and would shill for Trump in extensive fashion and then she would get off the air, the camera would be turned off, the microphone would be taken off and she would say ‘bleeech I need to take a shower’ because she disliked her candidate so much,” Brzezinski said on Monday. “Also said, that this is just, like my summer in Europe. I’m just doing this for the money, I’ll be off this soon,” Scarborough backed up his    . “I don’t know that she ever said ‘I’m doing this for the money,’ but this is just my summer vacation, my summer in Europe. And basically, I’m gonna get through this. ” Brzezinski then finished Scarborough’s sentence for him. “But first I have to take a shower because it feels so dirty to be saying what I’m saying,” she said. “I guess she’s just used to it now. ” And Scarborough did the same for her: “And also, I thought it was very interesting, after the Access Hollywood tape came out, that’s when she started referring to Donald Trump as ‘my client,’” Scarborough said. Scarborough and Brzezinski have been roundly panned by most for the unsavory and unsubstantiated comments. Fox News’ Tucker Carlson ripped them on Monday for smearing Conway with such comments. “Many journalists believe it’s literally impossible to be unfair to Donald Trump or the people who work for him,” Carlson said in a segment on Monday evening criticizing the media for bias, and particularly ripping Brzezinski and Scarborough for this extreme bias against Conway and Trump. “Extremism in the pursuit of Trump is no vice. That’s the view in newsrooms and you hear it in conversations all around Washington, a city that voted 91 percent for Hillary Clinton last fall  …     They’ve succumbed to Trump hatred that is so intense, it has destroyed their judgment and in some cases affected their character. ” What’s more, Brzezinski’s and Scarborough’s implication that Conway was just supporting Trump for the money —  as simply a client, rather than supporting somebody and something she believes in —  is not backed up by the facts. In fact, a piece in The Atlantic of all places, in March, detailed how Conway has spent the better part of her adult life helping build out the intellectual framework of the ideology that propelled Trump to electoral success. Calling her the “unsung architect of Trumpism,” the Atlantic’s Molly Ball detailed how she was not just a television personality or spin artist or generic GOP strategist, but “a principal architect of the theory behind Trump’s winning campaign. ” Ball wrote: Years before Conway went to work on Trump’s campaign —  when she was still a midlist conservative pollster and Steve Bannon was still running Breitbart —  the two were charter members, Bannon recently told me, of the ‘cabal’ he was forming behind the scenes to upend the Republican establishment. And Conway’s ideas were the key to a major shift in the way Trump addressed immigration, which became his signature issue. One Conway poll in particular —  a   2014 messaging memo commissioned by a controversial   group —  Bannon cited as a sort of Rosetta stone of the message that powered Trump’s victory. It was, Bannon told me, a pillar of ‘the intellectual infrastructure of the populist movement that candidate Trump galvanized’ from the moment he began his candidacy in 2015. Conway, when the rest of Republicans generally speaking were marching to the tune of amnesty in the wake of Mitt Romney’s embarrassing defeat in the 2012 presidential election, went a different route. After the Senate rammed through the   “Gang of Eight” amnesty bill in 2013, and a similar push in the House was maintained through 2014, Conway —  a pollster with The Polling Company —  in August 2014 published a poll that proved the opposite of the open borders lobby’s arguments. “There was, she wrote, ‘strong consensus on many populist immigration policies,’ including enforcing current immigration law, limiting illegal immigrants’ access to welfare and work, and reducing legal immigrants’ ability to bring family members to the United States,” Ball wrote in the Atlantic. Ball continued: The issue, she wrote, should be framed in terms of ‘America First,’ and as a matter of ‘fairness   …     to   workers.’   of likely voters, she pointed out, wanted more enforcement of current immigration laws. (Most economists agree that   immigration displaces some   workers while improving the economy and creating more net jobs overall. And while majorities of voters of both parties consistently oppose deporting the undocumented en masse, majorities generally also oppose increasing the number of legal immigrants.) Conway told me her argument was intended as an explicit rebuttal to the ‘autopsy’ report. ‘Candidates had been told after 2012, because Mitt Romney only got 27 percent of the Hispanic vote, that they had to support comprehensive immigration reform,’ she told me. ‘We were telling them, ‘That’s not true. ’’    white voters, in particular, supported the idea that illegal immigration was hurting their ability to find work, she said. So, in other words, after spending a great deal of her life working on building out the intellectual framework for the ideology that led to Trump’s victory, then personally joining his campaign and helping him across the finish line, somehow to Brzezinski and Scarborough she is not sufficiently committed to the president and his agenda? That does not pass the smell test.",0
19941,Melania Trump: Meet Your First Lady America! (VIDEO),"  
Meet Melania Trump. America’s new First Lady. It would be completely pointless to try and compare her to the eloquent Michelle Obama or any other former First Lady for that matter. The best way to get to know the wife of President-elect Donald Trump is to, well, compare her to him. 
Their differences are glaring. She is an immigrant; he hates immigrants. She speaks five languages; he’s barely mastered one. But they do have a lot in common as well. Melania’s father was a Communist party member; and as Putin can attest, Donald likes Communists . 
They also both really love Donald. In her speech at the Republican rally in Berwyn, Philadelphia on November 3, 2016, Melania said about Donald, “He knows how to get things done. He certainly knows how to shake things up, doesn’t he?” 
You can watch her speech here: 
Melania was apparently talking her husband’s approach to politics but was she really. In 1998, at the tender age of 28, the Yugoslav-born former model, Melania Knauss, met Donald Trump at a fashion party. He was still married to Marla Maples and was on a date with another woman. He sent his date to the washroom so he could get Melania’s phone number. Yep, he knows how to get ‘er done in a variety of areas. 
But Melania knows how to shake things up, too. Just ask Howard Stern. In 1999, Melania participated in an on-air radio conversation with the shock jock. 
“Are you naked? Are you nude?” Howard asked Melania. 
“Almost,” she said. 
“Ahhh, I’ve got my pants off already,” replied Howard. 
Like her husband, she apparently loves getting her picture taken as well. You can check out some of the most un-First Lady like pictures here when Melania was profiled in 2000 by GQ. The photos were posted online again in March 2016. Included in the spread, which took place on Trump’s customized Boeing 727, is Melania spread out naked on the bed. 
Air Force One – here they come! 
Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images Share this Article!",0
19942,Ashton Kutcher Blows Kiss to John McCain During Senate Hearing,"Actor Ashton Kutcher sent a little love to Sen. John McCain ( ) Wednesday during a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing focused on ending modern slavery and child sexual exploitation. [“You were   in the movies,” McCain joked to Kutcher, before The Ranch star blew back a kiss in response.  Appreciate @aplusk @thorn  @ecmassimino @humanrights1st’s commitment to the #enditmovement  support of #EndSlaveryAct pic. twitter.   —   John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) February 15, 2017,  During the hearing Wednesday, the    actor  —   who   the technology company Thorn, which builds software tools to combat child sexual exploitation and human trafficking  —   delivered a   speech detailing how technology can play a role in ending the vicious practices of rape and modern slavery. “This is about the time, when I start talking about politics, that the Internet trolls start telling me to stick to my day job,” Kutcher told the panel, chaired by Sen. Bob Corker ( ). But Kutcher said his day job comprised of working at Thorn to fight child sex crimes, and of being a father to two children.  “I’ve been on FBI raids where I’ve seen things that no person should ever see,” he said, appearing to choke up. “I’ve seen video content of a child that’s the same age as mine, being raped by an American man that was a sex tourist in Cambodia, and this child was so conditioned by her environment that she thought she was engaging in play. ” Kutcher said his company had once received a call from the Department of Homeland Security asking for help in locating a serial sex abuser. “We were the last line of defense, an actor and his foundation, we were the potential last line of defense,” he said. “That’s my day job, and I’m sticking to it. ” Kutcher also discussed a tool that his company built called Spotlight, which allows law enforcement officers the ability to prioritize their case load. He said the program was already being used by more than 4, 000 law enforcement officials in over 900 agencies. “There’s often a misconception about technology that in some way, it is the generator of some evil, that it’s creating job displacement and that it enables violence and malice acts,” he continued. “But as an entrepreneur and as a venture capitalist in the technology field, I see technology as simply a tool. A tool without will. The will is the user of that technology, and I think it’s an important distinction. ” “Technology can be used to enable slavery, but it can also be used to disable slavery, and that’s what we’re doing,” he added. Watch Kutcher’s full speech above.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
19943,Renée Zellweger Is Back and Standing Up for Herself - The New York Times,"It has been six years since Renée Zellweger appeared on a big screen, and twice as long since she has channeled Bridget Jones, the British heroine who made charming sport of cataloging her romantic foibles. The gap was by design: Ms. Zellweger, 47, an Oscar nominee for the first “Bridget” movie and a winner in 2004 for “Cold Mountain,” stepped away from the Hollywood “cycle,” as she called it, to take stock of her life. “I had a lot of promises that I made to myself, years ago, about things that I wanted to learn and try,” she said. She traveled, studied screenwriting  —   “I feel like I’m more articulate with my pen”  —   and helped created a TV pilot about female musicians in 1960s and ’70s Los Angeles. No networks have bitten so far, she said, miming a tear. Still, it seems to have   her to perform. She returns in the third Bridget installment, “Bridget Jones’s Baby,” out Friday, Sept. 16, with a script written by Helen Fielding, the novelist who created the character, along with the “Borat”   Dan Mazer, and Emma Thompson, who also stars. “It was time” to return, Ms. Zellweger said in an interview in Santa Monica, Calif. near her home. And doing another Bridget “was a  . I was just so happy to be back in her world. ” But sightings of Ms. Zellweger over the last few years also stirred up intense scrutiny of her appearance, including stunned reactions to her seemingly changed look on a red carpet in 2014. A slew of think pieces, about the undue pressure on women’s beauty standards in Hollywood and beyond, and some less charitable commentary, followed. Ms. Zellweger eventually responded, in an August essay for The Huffington Post. “Not that it’s anyone’s business,” she wrote, “but I did not make a decision to alter my face and have surgery on my eyes. ” And she insisted that she did not follow the brouhaha over her looks, until she had to. She has no public presence on social media. “I don’t participate in it, and I don’t know what’s being said about me or other people until someone makes me aware of it,” she said. “And usually it’s an email, ‘I’m so sorry about  —   —  ’” In person, Ms. Zellweger was   and thoughtful, if reticent about discussing some of the latest turns in her career. But she remains dedicated to the work: She watched hours of birthing videos to prepare to play a pregnant Bridget. The character is now a television news producer, so Ms. Zellweger also trailed a British   producer for research. That made her realize “how important it is that the actor is not verbose,” she said, laughing. “I promised myself I would be very concise and quick with my answers from now on. ” These are edited excerpts from the conversation. Did stepping into Bridget’s shoes again feel familiar, or like a challenge because so much time has passed? Both. Familiar because the process is similar, and I feel like I know her pretty well, and a different kind of challenge because I’ve never had to show the ways in which a person evolves in her life and the ways in which she doesn’t. That’s my favorite stuff, by the way  —   that she just can’t help herself sometimes. She puts her foot in it, right? I love that she hasn’t refined her social graces I love that she still goes for it  —   even if she’s uncertain what the outcome might be. I love that she’s hopelessly romantic and optimistic. There were interesting conversations with Sharon Maguire, the director, about how [Bridget] might have gotten her life together  —   she’s a little bit more mature, she’s progressed professionally, moved into property ownership in London and has achieved her ideal weight. And still her life is a relative mess. I like the message in that: that we can tick off the boxes, and yet we still don’t quite have it together. And that’s pretty much the truth of growing up, isn’t it? You had that experience a bit. When did you realize that you wanted out of the Hollywood circuit? I don’t think anybody is born with the faculties to know how to navigate what comes with it. One of the things that I learned is that I didn’t know how to establish a healthy balance. I felt an obligation to say yes, whenever I was asked to do something on behalf of my work. And the years go by, and your family and friends understand that you have responsibilities, but they’re going to have the barbecue anyway, and the wedding anyway, and the baby’s having a birthday anyway. I just missed out on a lot of things. I needed to stop so I could reassess and figure out how to allow for myself in my own life. I needed to grow as a person in ways that didn’t revolve around my work. Were you nervous making that leap, taking a break? I think not doing it was more frightening. One thing that changed in your time away is that there is now a bigger platform for both criticism and support, via social media. A male critic for Variety wrote a review of the trailer for “Bridget Jones’s Baby,” in which he talked about your looks in a way that many people felt was sexist, and they didn’t hesitate to call him out for it. Did that response feel helpful or empowering? I’m grateful for that experience and that he chose to do what he did, because it brought me to a place where it was necessary that I stand up for myself. Which is not me. It’s not in my nature to publicly explain myself. And it was probably time. Were you surprised at the level of scrutiny your appearance received in the last few years? Was that a consideration in coming back? It’s always part of the equation  —   that’s been going on since 2000 [when she was cast as Bridget, a role for which she famously gained weight]. Too fat, and then I was too skinny and then   …     But I’m not alone in it it’s just part of the reality of this experience now. I’m not going to make my [career] decisions based on whether or not I’m going to have to tolerate that. Did you find, as many actresses do, that as you got older, the roles got more  ? I don’t think that’s specific to aging. There’s always been “the girlfriend,” “the indiscretion”  —   that’s always been in the mix. Is it something that I saw in the industry before I turned 40? Yeah. It’s rare to read a great story that a woman my age would find relatable anyway. But now it seems that there’s something else going on as well. There’s really an unprecedented reset happening in our business  —   a little bit of an identity crisis. Another thing that’s changed is a focus on pay equity in the business. Is that something that crossed your radar when working on any of the other Bridgets, versus now, getting paid as much as your male  ? I don’t think it occurred to me that that would be an issue  —   isn’t that sad? But in this instance, I don’t think it was an issue. In your Huffington Post essay, you talked about “doing better. ” What did you mean by that? It’s not about onscreen or famous people, it’s more about the precedent that we set, and I don’t speak about it from the perspective of an actress who has had certain experiences that aren’t necessarily fun, but as an observer, as part of society. You read about bullying and how we can stop kids from this   bullying and the catastrophic effects that it has, but we set the example. How can we ask them to make better choices when they’re just emulating what they see coming from us? Now that you’re back on this circuit, are there parts of it you’re going to treat differently, given your past experiences? It’s much easier for me to say no, because I understand that there are no consequences for saying no. “No” is an empowering word. I know that now.",0
19944,BREAKING : Mike Pence DEMANDS the FBI RELEASE ALL EMAILS BEFORE ELECTION DAY – TruthFeed,"BREAKING : Mike Pence DEMANDS the FBI RELEASE ALL EMAILS BEFORE ELECTION DAY BREAKING : Mike Pence DEMANDS the FBI RELEASE ALL EMAILS BEFORE ELECTION DAY Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 28, 2016 
On Friday the FBI announced they were reopening the email investigation into Hillary’s mishandling of classified information. 
In a statement, the FBI said that they discovered “new emails” pertinent to the earlier investigation on “several devices.” 
Reports indicate that one phone device belongs to Anthony Weiner and the other phone device belongs to his estranged wife Huma Abedin. 
Mike Pence tweeted out a demand, calling on FBI officials to release ALL EMAILS before election day. We call on the FBI to immediately release all emails pertinent to their investigation. Americans have the right to know before Election Day. 
— Mike Pence (@mike_pence) October 28, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
19945,March for Science Rebrands Earth Day Social Justice - Breitbart,"The international “March for Science” appears to have   Earth Day, casting “social justice” as “science. ”[The Earth Day Network that owns the international rights to the annual    —   and celebration of Vladimir Lenin’s birth  —   artfully sought to rebrand its messaging by having protestors in 610 locations around the planet swap their   shirts for the patina of scientific truth associated with white lab coats.  The festivities began in the wee hours of April 22 in New Zealand, then followed the sun to circumnavigate the globe. The event’s blog reported 50 celebrants showed up at Antarctic research stations, and 2 very intrepid souls showed up in   degree weather at the North Pole. Although it seemed that the media in many locations outnumbered the demonstrators, San Francisco and Washinton, D. C. both produced about 5, 000 marchers. The March for Science website in January trumpeted, under “Diversity and Inclusion Principles“: “Colonization, racism, native rights, sexism, ableism,        econ justice are scientific rights. ” But as the event neared, the scientific communism of Marx and Engle’s Das Capital morphed into Principals and Goals: “Our wealth of personal experiences and perspectives is our greatest strength. In putting the people who do science at the forefront of this discussion, we can show that scientists come from all cultural backgrounds, belief systems, orientations, genders, and abilities. ” Honorary   Bill Nye the Science Guy said, “We march forward to ensure a better world for people all over the world. ” But he and Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) made it clear in their February Facebook Live “Conversation on Climate Change” that they believe all skeptics of climate change are suffering from cognitive dissonance. The most interesting coverage of the event came from Science magazine, which   the events with about 60 posts over 24 hours. Demonstrating the tenuous connection between the “March for Science” and actual scientists, the first April 22 speaker at the New Zealand event was leftist Green Party   James Shaw, who is a former accountant with no science background. Shaw said, “When politicians use their belief systems to override the facts, the scientific facts, we are all in for a whole world of hurt. ” Shaw then droned on about his social justice belief system that New Zealanders needed to stand up against the U. S. political discourse questioning climate change.",0
19946,Australia Legalizes Medical Marijuana Across The Entire Continent,"Share on Facebook Australia has made become the first entire continent to legalise marijuana, after their Parliament took a vote on Wednesday. Australia, with a population of around 23 million has followed several states in the U.S. and decided to decriminalise the use of marijuana. The amendments were made to their Narcotic Drugs Act,which means legal cannabis farms and the distribution of marijuana products will have to governments go-ahead. Sussan Ley, the Minister of Health , said in a statement “This is a historic day for Australia and the many advocates who have fought long and hard to challenge the stigma around medicinal cannabis products so genuine patients are no longer treated as criminals,"" she went on “This is the missing piece in a patient's treatment journey, and [we] will now see seamless access to locally produced medicinal cannabis products from farm to pharmacy.” The details have not been finalised just yet, but it is thought within the next few months patients with a prescription for medical marijuana will be allowed to start growing their crops. This is a huge leap for supporters of legalised marijuana across the world, and hopefully now other continents such as North America and Europe will do the same. Related:",0
19947,Hospitals in Safety Net Brace for Health Care Law’s Repeal - The New York Times,"PHILADELPHIA  —   Jason Colston Sr. went to the emergency room at Temple University Hospital last month with his calf swollen to twice its normal size. A bacterial infection had entered his bloodstream, requiring him to spend nine days at Temple, where patients are overwhelmingly poor. Mr. Colston, 36, had no insurance through his job at a   but it turned out he was eligible for Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act. Temple helped him enroll as soon as he was admitted, and Medicaid paid for his stay and continuing treatment. Before the health law, the hospital had to absorb the cost of caring for many uninsured patients like Mr. Colston. Now, with   Donald J. Trump and the   Congress vowing to dismantle the law, Temple and other hospitals serving the poor are bracing for harsh financial consequences that could have a serious effect on the care they provide. Since the election, hospitals have been among the loudest voices against wholesale repeal of the health law. In a letter to Mr. Trump and congressional leaders this month, the two biggest hospital trade groups warned of “an unprecedented public health crisis” and said hospitals stood to lose $165 billion through 2026 if more than 20 million people lose the insurance they gained under the law. They predicted widespread layoffs, cuts in outpatient care and services for the mentally ill, and even hospital closings. Here in Pennsylvania, where the health law has brightened the financial outlook of hospitals statewide, many are scrambling to assess how repeal would affect their bottom line and the patients they serve. The stakes are particularly high for   hospitals like Temple, but even more prosperous hospitals face uncertainty after investing in new ways to deliver care under the law. Temple executives estimate their system could lose as much as $45 million a year if the law were entirely repealed, which would return it to the losses it posted for years before the health law took effect. “We are the de facto community hospital in one of the poorest neighborhoods in the country,” said Robert Lux, the senior vice president, treasurer and chief financial officer of Temple University Health System, which includes two general hospitals and a cancer center. “Any kind of change like this would not only push Temple University Hospital into financial extremis, it would do the same thing for our entire system. ” Not far from Temple, Main Line Health, a nonprofit hospital system in the affluent Philadelphia suburbs, is far better positioned to weather the financial impact of repeal. While Temple has one of the poorest patient populations in the state  —   about half of its patients are on Medicaid  —   Main Line, which has an outpatient clinic in an upscale mall and another with a fitness center outfitted with filtered saltwater pools, has few Medicaid patients. Still, even hospitals serving affluent populations have reason to be nervous about a future without the health law. Main Line has invested substantially in response to the law’s push to base hospital pay on patient outcomes instead of the amount of medical services provided. Repealing the law would create uncertainty about the future of this new paradigm, which has forced hospitals to rethink how they deliver care. “I’m dreading the unpredictability,” said John J. Lynch III, Main Line’s president and chief executive. Over all, the health law has improved the financial outlook of Pennsylvania hospitals significantly, even though the state was a year late in expanding Medicaid. The former governor, Tom Corbett, a Republican, initially balked, and the program did not expand here until 2015. Still, hospital operating margins statewide increased to about 5. 5 percent on average in 2015, from 4. 25 percent in 2014, according to the Hospital and Healthsystem Association of Pennsylvania. The amount of care provided to patients who cannot pay dropped by 8. 6 percent on average. North Philadelphia, where Temple is based, is among the poorest neighborhoods in the nation. Many of its residents live in deep poverty, a census designation that means their income is less than half the federal poverty level of $24, 300 for a family of four. That helps explain why Temple is so dependent on Medicaid revenue, and the high stakes of repeal here. Under the health law, hospitals that served a large number of poor and uninsured patients agreed to a series of funding cuts in exchange for getting far more patients with insurance coverage. Temple has lost about $11 million so far in these federal funds, known as disproportionate share payments, Mr. Lux said. But like other hospitals in the 31 states that expanded Medicaid under the law, it has made up that revenue in part through the Medicaid expansion. It recorded about 13, 000 more visits from patients with Medicaid coverage in 2015, the first year Pennsylvania expanded Medicaid eligibility, and at least as many this year. Still, Temple is barely turning a profit: It had operating income of $3. 6 million in the fiscal year that ended June 30, despite revenue of $1. 7 billion. “You still have a pretty fragile enterprise,” Mr. Lux said, noting that Medicaid pays hospitals and doctors far less than Medicare and private insurance. “Our current state of stability could be broken pretty quickly. ” So, too, could Temple’s efforts to connect its newly insured patients with preventive care instead of waiting until they show up in the emergency room with advanced, expensive illnesses. Dr. Robert McNamara, chairman of emergency medicine at the Lewis Katz School of Medicine at Temple University, said he had seen more than a few uninsured people arrive in the emergency room with kidney failure, needing costly dialysis for the rest of their lives because they had lived with high blood pressure for so long. Main Line Health’s financial picture is much stronger, and will most likely remain so even if the health law is repealed and replaced with a program that leaves far fewer people insured. Main Line ended the 2016 fiscal year with $106. 8 million in operating income and a 6. 5 percent operating margin, compared with Temple’s margin of 0. 2 percent. Still, Main Line has invested substantially in efforts to improve the care it provides its patients while lowering the cost, as the Affordable Care Act encourages. As with many hospitals across the country, these efforts  —   like preventing readmissions and focusing more heavily on primary care, especially for patients with chronic diseases  —   have caused the system’s inpatient population to drop. “As we decrease our volume, looking at providing care differently, that’s financially impacting us,” Mr. Lynch said. He added that over time, the law’s slowing of Medicare payment increases added up to “real money. ” The study commissioned by the hospital associations found that unless the annual increase in Medicare reimbursements is restored to what it was before the health law passed, hospitals will face additional losses of about $290 billion by 2026. In the end, though, Main Line’s far more robust revenue, because of its large number of commercially insured patients, all but guarantee it will not have to worry  —   for now  —   about cutting programs or plans. It is installing a new electronic records system and has spent $700 million renovating its hospitals over the last few years. “If you don’t have a strong payer mix or a healthy bottom line,” Mr. Lynch said, “it’s very difficult to do those things. ” One major question for Temple and other   hospitals is whether states would restore supplemental funds or programs that defrayed the cost of caring for the uninsured before the health law took effect. Pennsylvania, for example, paid for emergency medical care for certain   people who did not qualify for Medicaid. This allowed Temple to be paid for their inpatient care, but often not for the care they needed after being discharged. “We don’t know that that program would come back,” Mr. Lux said, adding that the program used to pay for about $23 million a year worth of care provided at Temple University Hospital. Mr. Colston, who was still returning daily to Temple for intravenous antibiotics a month after his discharge, would have qualified to have most of his inpatient costs met under the old   program. Paul Fabian, who received a double lung transplant at Temple last year after getting a subsidized private insurance policy from the Affordable Care Act marketplace, would not have qualified at all. Mr. Fabian, who suffered from emphysema and chronic lung failure, said he sold his truck to afford his $262 monthly premiums. “If you walk into the E. R. they have to help you,” Mr. Fabian, 61, said. “But if you have a condition like I had, what’s the hospital’s obligation?” Temple officials said that without insurance, Mr. Fabian would have had to endure a   waiting period to qualify for Medicare coverage for his disability. “We were finally in a situation where for most of our patients there was a coverage option,” said Anita Colon, Temple’s director of patient financial services, already speaking about the health law in the past tense. “Now there’s just a total unknown about what will be left. ”",0
19948,These 10 Photos Show What Happens When You Stop Drinking,"Share on Facebook “Everything in moderation” is a pretty good rule to live by, especially where alcohol is concerned. Too much booze can cause high blood pressure (hypertension), which increases the risk of a heart attack or stroke. It can also cause you to gain a bunch of excess pounds thanks to all the extra calories in alcohol (there's roughly 200 calories in a pint of beer and about 230 calories in 100 grams of vodka). When a heavy drinker gives up alcohol however, the physical metamorphosis is staggering. Take a look at these before and after pictures to see what we mean. Some of the people in the photographs are barely recognisable when compared alongside their former selves, and while some of them complemented quitting with exercise, the pictures nevertheless serve as a powerful reminder of what can happen when you party too hard.",0
19949,Actress Blasts Emma Watson’s ’Confusing’ Feminist Equality Campaign,"Actress Talulah Riley has criticized feminist activist Emma Watson for leading a ‘confusing’ campaign on gender equality that seeks to eliminate differences between the sexes. [Riley, who rose to fame in the 2007 remake of St. Trinians, criticized Watson’s brand of feminism in conversation with The Daily Mail.  “Men and women should have equal rights, of course, but [they] are also different and there’s nothing wrong with that,” she said. “We don’t have to start unifying gender in order to establish political equality. ” The actress, who is twice divorced from the   business magnate Elon Musk, then took aim at Watson’s HeForShe campaign, claiming it promotes the idea of both genders being the same. “The HeForShe campaign creates a lot of confusion when it comes to gender equality, because people are getting stuck in a semantic argument, rather than addressing the actual issue. People are associating gender equality with being exactly the same and, of course, that’s not what it means,” she continued. The campaign, which was launched by Watson in 2014 following her speech on gender equality at the United Nations, seeks to eliminate gender equality by involving men in the feminist movement. Last week, Watson praised MTV for scrapping the channel’s yearly ‘Best Actress’ award in favor of a gender “ ” honor, describing it as “the first acting award in history that doesn’t separate nominees based on their sex. ” In March, Watson hit back at critics accusing her of promoting the objectification of women after she posed for a racy photo shoot in lifestyle magazine Vanity Fair. “Feminism is about giving women choice. Feminism is not a stick with which to beat other women with,” Watson told Reuters. “It’s about freedom. It’s about liberation. It’s about equality. I really don’t know what my t*ts have to do with it. It’s very confusing. I’m confused. Most people are confused. ”   You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
19950,"Past, Present and Future Collide in Joan Didion’s ‘South and West’ - The New York Times","SOUTH AND WEST: FROM A NOTEBOOKBy Joan DidionForeword by Nathaniel Rich126 pages. Alfred A. Knopf. $21. In two dazzling collections of essays, “Slouching Towards Bethlehem” and “The White Album,” Joan Didion used her own experiences  —   and observations and anxieties  —   as a kind of index to the times, as America lurched through the convulsions of the 1960s and ’70s. The political pieces she later wrote for The New York Review of Books  —   beginning with the 1988 presidential campaign, on through the impeachment of Bill Clinton and the high drama of the 2000   in Florida  —   were less original, less idiosyncratic, but reading them in retrospect, they are oddly prophetic about the growing gap between the electorate and the political elites, and the growing dysfunction of the entire system. Her slender 2003 book, “Fixed Ideas: America Since 9. 11,” would be even more explicit about a “disconnect between the government and the citizens,” about how our political process not only spurns consensus but works by “turning the angers and fears and energy of the few” against “the rest of the country. ” No doubt Didion has now decided to publish “South and West,” two excerpts from her notebooks  —   written in the 1970s  —   because they similarly shed light on the current political moment. At a remove of more than four decades, she maps the divisions splintering America today, and uncannily anticipates some of the dynamics that led to the election of Donald J. Trump and caught so many political and media insiders unawares. The shorter entry is a meditation on California, the place Didion grew up and long called home. The more substantial piece is an account of a monthlong trip that she and her husband, John Gregory Dunne, took through the Deep South for a   assignment that her editors at Life magazine came to refer to as “The Mind of the White South. ” As bookends to each other, the pieces in this book give us two Americas, two ways of looking at history: the South, deep in the grip of the past  —   a place where many people are invested in holding onto ancient prerogatives of race and class and California, insistently focused on the future and the horizon  —   a place where the frontier ethos of shucking off roots is the one real tradition. It’s 1970, when the nation is being rocked by seismic cultural and political shifts, and yet Didion has the strange intuition here that the South, not California, would exert a gravitational pull over the rest of the country. She had “some dim and unformed sense,” which she could not explain coherently, “that for some years the South and particularly the Gulf Coast had been for America what people were still saying California was, and what California seemed to me not to be: the future, the secret source of malevolent and benevolent energy, the psychic center. ” Didion’s account of her travels from New Orleans and Biloxi, Miss. to Meridian, Miss. and Tuscaloosa, Ala. and onto Faulkner’s hometown, Oxford, Miss. makes it clear that she feels like an outsider there. Her notes lack the depth and understanding of J. D. Vance’s memoir, “Hillbilly Elegy,” which depicts the frustrations and anger of poor white communities from within. And while Didion’s estrangement sharpens her reportorial eye, it can curdle, at times, into condescension. Writing about high school gymnasiums in small Southern towns, she says she has “the sense of sports being the opiate of the people. ” And writing about a visit to two small towns in Alabama, she observes: “It seemed a good and hopeful place to live, and yet the pretty girls, if they stayed around Guin, would end up in the laundromat in Winfield, or in a trailer with the   on all night. ” What Didion does capture, powerfully, in this book is the insularity of many places in the South, and, by implication, how insular the elites (like herself) are in places like California and New York and Washington  —   a thought she would develop further in her essays in The New York Review of Books (collected in the 2001 volume “Political Fictions”) and in “Fixed Ideas. ” Here, she writes of   Southerners: “The isolation of these people from the currents of American life in 1970 was startling and bewildering to behold. All their information was   and mythicized in the handing down. Does it matter where Taos is, after all, if Taos is not in Mississippi?” There was a kind of “time warp” there, she says: “The Civil War was yesterday but 1960 is spoken of as if it were about 300 years ago. ” The people Didion interviewed or tried to interview tended to greet her questions with defensive remarks about the pace of change in the South, or with nostalgic and what can only be called racist talk about old ways of life. Although it was 1970, the attitudes Didion encountered can sometimes sound like those described by Harper Lee in “To Kill a Mockingbird,” set in 1930s Alabama. The chilling thing is, some of the attitudes about race and outsiders that Didion chronicles here also sound a lot like attitudes expressed by some Trump supporters during the 2016 campaign. The other reason that readers will find this volume so fascinating is that it shows Didion at work, as a writer and reporter, gathering details, jotting them down and running her observations through the typewriter of her mind. Even these hurriedly written notes shine with her trademark ability to capture mood and place. Of New Orleans in June, she writes: “The place is physically dark, dark like the negative of a photograph, dark like an  : The atmosphere absorbs its own light, never reflects light but sucks it in until random objects glow with a morbid luminescence. ” More than that, this book illuminates Didion’s later work, containing the seeds of both “Political Fictions” and her elliptical 2003 book on California and the West, “Where I Was From. ” It is weirdly prescient  —   pointing the way not only to where she would go as a writer but also a path the country would take in the years to come.",0
19951,"It’s Possible to Hack a Phone With Sound Waves, Researchers Show - The New York Times","SAN FRANCISCO  —   A security loophole that would allow someone to add extra steps to the counter on your Fitbit monitor might seem harmless. But researchers say it points to the broader risks that come with technology’s embedding into the nooks of our lives. On Tuesday, a group of computer security researchers at the University of Michigan and the University of South Carolina will demonstrate that they have found a vulnerability that allows them to take control of or surreptitiously influence devices through the tiny accelerometers that are standard components in consumer products like smartphones, fitness monitors and even automobiles. In their paper, the researchers describe how they added fake steps to a Fitbit fitness monitor and played a “malicious” music file from the speaker of a smartphone to control the phone’s accelerometer. That allowed them to interfere with software that relies on the smartphone, like an app used to pilot a   toy car. “It’s like the opera singer who hits the note to break a wine glass, only in our case, we can spell out words” and enter commands rather than just shut down the phone, said Kevin Fu, an author of the paper, who is also an associate professor of electrical engineering and computer science at the University of Michigan and the chief executive of Virta Labs, a company that focuses on cybersecurity in health care. “You can think of it as a musical virus. ” The flaw, which the researchers found in more than half of the 20 commercial brands from five chip makers they tested, illustrates the security challenges that have emerged as robots and other kinds of digital appliances have begun to move around in the world. With dozens of   and large transportation companies pushing to develop   cars and trucks, undetected vulnerabilities that might allow an attacker to remotely control vehicles are an unnerving possibility. Still, computer security researchers said the discovery was not a    bug but rather a revealing window into the cybersecurity challenges inherent in complex systems in which analog and digital components can interact in unexpected ways. “The whole world of security is about unintended interactions,” said Paul Kocher, a cryptographer and a former executive at the chip company Rambus. Accelerometers are instruments that measure acceleration and are frequently manufactured as silicon   devices known as microelectromechanical systems, or MEMS. Accelerometers are used for navigating, for determining the orientation of a tablet computer and for measuring distance traveled in fitness monitors such as Fitbits. In the case of the toy car, the researchers did not actually compromise the car’s microprocessor, but they controlled the car by forcing the accelerometer to produce false readings. They exploited the fact that a smartphone application relies on the accelerometer to control the car. While toy cars might seem like trivial examples, there are other, darker possibilities. If an accelerometer was designed to control the automation of insulin dosage in a diabetic patient, for example, that might make it possible to tamper with the system that controlled the correct dosage. Dr. Fu has researched the cybersecurity risks of medical devices, including a demonstration of the potential to wirelessly introduce fatal heart rhythms into a pacemaker. He said the current research was inspired by a discussion in his group about a previous study in which drones were disabled with music. He added that earlier research demonstrated    attacks that used sound to disable accelerometers. In 2014, security researchers at Stanford University demonstrated how an accelerometer could be used surreptitiously as a rudimentary microphone, for example. And in 2011, a group from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the Georgia Institute of Technology demonstrated the use of an accelerometer in a smartphone to decode roughly 80 percent of the words being typed on a nearby computer keyboard by capturing vibrations from the keyboard. In the case of the research by the University of Michigan and the University of South Carolina, scientists stopped the accelerometer from functioning and changed its behavior. In testing 20 accelerometer models from five manufacturers, they affected the information or output from 75 percent of the devices tested and controlled the output in 65 percent of the devices. The Department of Homeland Security was expected to issue a security advisory alert Tuesday for chips produced by the semiconductor companies documented in the paper, Dr. Fu said. The five chip makers were Analog Devices, Bosch, InvenSense, Murata Manufacturing and STMicroelectronics. The paper, which will be presented at the IEEE European Symposium on Security and Privacy in Paris next month, also documents hardware and software changes manufacturers could make to protect against the flaws the researchers discovered.",0
19952,Comment on Johnson & Johnson Ordered To Pay $72 Million In Another Ovarian Cancer Case Caused By Baby Powder by JOHNSON & JOHNSON ORDERED TO PAY $72 MILLION IN ANOTHER OVARIAN CANCER CASE CAUSED BY BABY POWDER – View Point,"advertisement - learn more 
This is one out of several cases raising concerns about the health consequences of using regular talcum powder use. Approximately 1,000 more cases have been filed in Missouri state court, and another 200 in New Jersey, but this may well be the tip of the iceberg. 
As Global News reports: “The jury ruling ended the trial that began Sept. 26 in the case brought by Deborah Giannecchini of Modesto, California. She was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2012. The suit accused Johnson & Johnson of “negligent conduct” in making and marketing its baby powder.” 
Unfortunately, a statement from Carol Goodrich, a spokeswoman with Johnson & Johnson, said in the statement to Global: “We deeply sympathize with the woman and families impacted by ovarian cancer…We will appeal today’s verdict because we are guided by the science, which supports the safety of Johnson’s Baby Powder.” advertisement - learn more Obviously, if these are the decisions being made by a court of law, there is ample amounts of science and evidence suggesting the baby powder was indeed the cause. Earlier in the year, a decision was made last by a Missouri state jury that awarded the family of Jacqueline Fox $10-million of actual damages and $62 million of punitive damages. In this case, we saw the exact same response from the company as the case noted above. These cases show how people are using something they thought was perfectly safe, but clearly wasn’t. One of the most painful revelations, as Bloomberg notes, is that: In the 1990s, even as the company acknowledged concerns in the health community, it considered increasing its marketing efforts to black and Hispanic women, who were already buying the product in high numbers. Fox was black. The jury foreman, Krista Smith, says internal documents provided the most incriminating evidence: ‘It was really clear they were hiding something.’ She wanted to award the Fox family even more. Imerys Talc America, the biggest talc supplier in the country and the sole source of the powder for J&J, was also named as a defendant. The company wasn’t found liable. The ‘scientific evidence’ to which she refers clearly have not withstood the scrutiny of either this trial or concerned members of the public; it also fails to account for who funded the research. Her remark also makes plain a disturbing trend amongst big corporations, which is the blind trust of their employees. Many clearly believe what they are told about the products they represent, without questioning or doing their own independent research. Scientific fraud induced by major corporations in this field is no secret, and various medical experts around the world have been speaking out against it for decades. Dr. Richard Horton, current Editor-in-Chief of The Lancet , one of the largest medical journals in the world, has publicly and unequivocally called out the scientific community for this negligence and outright fraud: The case against science is straightforward: much of the scientific literature, perhaps half, may simply be untrue. Afflicted by studies with small sample sizes, tiny effects, invalid exploratory analyses, and flagrant conflicts of interest, together with an obsession for pursuing fashionable trends of dubious importance, science has taken a turn towards darkness. ( source ) The sheer volume of statements from very credible people, along with the documents and evidence, attesting to this disturbing trend, is simply overwhelming. (You can find more information and view more examples/statements in an article we recently published about anti-depressant drugs here .) Yet the unfortunate reality is that employees of these big corporations stand behind their products, working under the assurances of corporately-funded science which, obviously, has profit in mind rather than safety. This is a widespread and alarming problem, and it’s great to see more people raise their voice against these shady practices. Dr. Marcia Angell, a physician and longtime Editor-in-Chief of the New England Medical Journal (NEMJ), is another such professional to do so: It is simply no longer possible to believe much of the clinical research that is published, or to rely on the judgment of trusted physicians or authoritative medical guidelines. I take no pleasure in this conclusion, which I reached slowly and reluctantly over my two decades as an editor of the New England Journal of Medicine. ( source ) It’s no secret that many household products are toxic to our health. Science has been confirming their dangers for years now (not that many of us needed this confirmation); these products are literally littered with a number of hazardous harmful chemicals. Researchers in the UK, for example, found that domestic products such as anti-insect sprays, deodorants, cleaning products, cosmetics, and more contain a number of cancer causing chemicals. The researchers, from the Royal College of Physicians and the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health, who concluded that these types of everyday household products maybe be contributing to 100,000 deaths every single year in Europe, warn that the public remains unaware of these risks. Another example of an insider speaking out against the industry is Foster Gamble, the direct descendant of one of the founders of Procter & Gamble (a company similar to Johnson & Johnson). He himself explains that he was groomed for the establishment, but his ethical concerns prompted him to change direction. To the left you will see a picture of him with Gerald Ford. Foster decided to leave the business and instead raise awareness about many issues, including the hazards associated with everyday household products that the corporations like his father’s manufacture. He’s had an interesting life to say the least, and you can watch a documentary he released a few years ago here . 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
19953,Son Gains 22lbs To Save His Dying Father’s Life By Donating Bone Marrow,"If someone told me to gain 22 pounds in two months, I’d point to the picture of Zac Efron looking all shredded on my workstation and explain, tearfully, how disappointed he’d be in me, and that I just couldn’t do it.

And that’s even if someone told me I had to do it to save my father’s life.

Thankfully, 8-year-old Cao Yinpeng didn’t hesitate for a second when he discovered he’d need to gain 22lbs to donate bone marrow to his dying father.


Yinpeng’s father was struck with leukemia and doctors only gave him six months to live. Cao wanted to donate immediately, but there were two health laws in China that prohibited him from undergoing the procedure that his father desperately needed.

Bone marrow donors in China must be between the ages of 18 and 45 and weigh at least 99lbs.


Doctors will occasionally make exceptions for younger family members, but Cao was still too underweight for the medical professionals to safely extract his bone marrow to save his father’s life.

With no other suitable candidates available for his father, Yinpeng vowed to give his father a chance at life, as his father had done for him.


Now that’s how you raise a child.


Distractify 
SOURCE ",0
19954,"Istanbul, Donald Trump, Boris Johnson: Your Thursday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. More fallout from Britain’s vote to leave the European Union: Boris Johnson, the former mayor of London and a “Brexit” supporter widely seen as the top candidate to take over the Conservative Party and succeed Prime Minister David Cameron, has decided not to run. Michael Gove, the justice secretary who recently said he didn’t have the talent or desire to become prime minister, is officially in the race. He’ll face Theresa May, the home secretary, and several other candidates vying for the position. The vote may threaten London’s days as the world’s financial capital. _____ 2. The Brexit decision by British voters was partly motivated by anxiety about immigration, and in the United States, Donald J. Trump has called for a temporary ban on Muslim immigrants. But there is a country where the government can hardly keep up with the demand to welcome refugees: Canada. Citizens are banding together and essentially adopting families, which they’ve been doing by the thousands. _____ 3. The deadly attack on Istanbul’s main airport, above, was carried out by three suicide bombers from Russia, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan, Turkish officials said. The government has blamed Islamic State militants for the attack on Tuesday. If the group is responsible, it would be the first time any   members have attacked a major Western target  —   and would indicate that Turkey is no longer protected from the group’s violence. One of the victims killed was in Turkey to find and save his son from ISIS. _____ 4. Republicans are raising questions about a meeting between Bill Clinton and Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch, saying it could compromise the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email practices. Ms. Lynch said Mr. Clinton walked uninvited from his plane to her government plane on Monday to say hello, but that the two did not discuss any cases. But Republican lawmakers said the meeting was troubling. _____ 5. The driver of a Tesla Model S was killed in what may be the first death involving a   car. Federal regulators, who have opened an investigation, say the car was driving in “autopilot” mode when it crashed into a   at a Florida intersection on May 7. _____ 6. Adnan Syed, whose murder trial was featured on the podcast “Serial,” will get a new trial, a judge in Maryland ruled on Thursday. The inmate’s conviction for the 1999 killing of his   gained widespread attention after his case was featured in the first season of the podcast. Mr. Syed, who was serving a life sentence, had long maintained his innocence. _____ 7. Chris Christie for vice president? The governor of New Jersey, who has become one of Donald J. Trump’s most influential advisers, is being vetted as a possible running mate. Meanwhile, Mr. Trump’s promise to crack down on trade agreements that hurt American jobs has highlighted the fact that, as a businessman, he had relied on and benefited from the same type of cheap foreign labor that he now scorns. _____ 8. Transgender people can now serve openly in the U. S. armed forces. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter, above, lifted the Pentagon’s ban on Thursday, continuing a transformation of the military. An analysis of federal and state data has doubled the number of transgender adults in the U. S. putting the new estimate at about 1. 4 million people. _____ 9. If this weekend brings a lot of lamenting about noisy fireworks, take comfort: Quiet firework displays will maybe, one day, become a thing. In parts of Europe, it already is. The quiet displays can be more colorful, but alas, they are not big enough to entertain a large audience. They’ve not made their way to the U. S. yet, so for the time being, keep covering your ears. _____ 10. Perhaps a bowl of Kellogg’s Corn Flakes with a little lemon zest dusted on top will be a good value at $7. 50. Perhaps it won’t. As the breakfast food continues to fall out of favor, Kellogg’s is hoping a boutique cafe in Times Square that serves cereal, but with garnishes like green tea powder, will get people to look differently at the flakes and oats. Be prepared to pay Manhattan prices, though. _____ 11. Let’s do some math. If the average American spends 10 hours and 39 minutes a day consuming various types of media on various types of devices, how much time does that leave him or her for other things  —   like work, sleep or maybe sitting for a meal? A Nielsen study, which indicates that Americans really, really love television, doesn’t answer that question. But, whatever, that “Game of Thrones” finale was worth it. _____ 12. Leila. Liina. Lily. (Their last name is Luik.) The three sisters from Estonia, who call themselves the Trio for Rio, are believed to be the first triplets to qualify for the Olympics. The marathon contenders didn’t even begin running seriously until six years ago, when they were 24. “We show that it is never too late to start a professional career,” Liina Luik said. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
19955,Economic upgrade: Russia receives multiple endorsements for rapidly improving business conditions,"Thu, 27 Oct 2016 16:35 UTC © UPI.com Successful eurobond sale in September, credit upgrade by Fitch, and sharp improvement in World Bank Ease of Doing Business ranking, all confirm effectiveness of Russian government's economic policies, amidst strengthening recovery. As economic recovery in Russia continues to gain hold, Russia has received authoritative endorsement both for its successful macroeconomic policies and for its rapidly improving business conditions. The US credit rating agency Fitch on 14th October 2016 upgraded Russia's rating from BBB- (negative) to BBB- (stable). Normally I pay no attention to ratings decisions by US credit rating agencies, which have been proved repeatedly wrong, and which in Russia's case are blatantly politicised. Back in 2015, during the worst period of the recession, I pointed out how obviously and completely wrong the decisions of the US credit rating agencies to downgrade Russia's credit rating at that time were. The market clearly agrees with me. Fitch's Russia rating is only just investment grade, whilst those of S&P and Moody's actually give Russia a junk rating. In spite of this - and as I predicted - Russia's last eurobond issue in September was six times oversubscribed, with almost the entirety of the issue on this occasion sold to US investors . Even the Western financial media has been finally forced to admit that Russia's latest eurobond issue was a success . If I refer to Fitch's latest upgrade of Russia's rating, it is not because I agree with Fitch's rating of Russia (I don't) but because of what Fitch has to say about Russia's economic policy ""Russia has implemented a coherent and credible policy response to the sharp fall in oil prices. A flexible exchange rate, inflation targeting, fiscal consolidation and financial sector support have allowed the economy to adjust and domestic confidence to return gradually. The strength and quality of the policy response stands out relative to those of other oil producers similarly affected by the oil price shock. (bold italics added) In other words Russia has responded to the oil price fall intelligently and successfully - more so than have the other oil producers. In his State of the Union address of 20th January 2015 US President Obama famously gloated ""today, it is America that stands strong and united with our allies, while Russia is isolated with its economy in tatters."" Judging by the success of its latest eurobond issue, and the credit upgrade Russia has just been given by Fitch, neither the market nor even Fitch agree with him. Meanwhile Russia's World Bank Ease of Doing Business ranking continues its rapid rise. In 2011 Russia's ranking was 123 in the survey out of 183. By 2014 it had risen to 62 out of 189, by 2015 to 51 out of 189, and in this year's survey it has risen again to 40 out of 190. When I discussed last year's survey I made the point that the dramatic improvement in Russia's World Bank Ease of Doing Business ranking is simply incompatible with Russia being the corrupt kleptocracy of the West's imagination ""In corrupt kleptocratic oligarchies courts do not function efficiently, contracts are not performed and enforced, rights of minority shareholders are not protected, and people are not able to register their property easily and do not pay their taxes."" Comment: Putin's record for fighting corruption is world-class but the Western media will never tell you I also pointed out that the rapid improvement of Russia's World Bank Ease of Doing Business ranking proves that the claim that Russia is not ""reforming"" its economy is quite simply wrong. Russia is not only continuously reforming its economy, but it is doing so successfully "" the demand for more and more ""reforms"" simply ignores the fact that reforms are in fact being carried out. Anyone who reads through the World Bank's annual surveys will see that they are all about ""reforms"". It is precisely because Russia is carrying out ""reforms"" that its ranking is rising so fast. To be clear, modernising the court system, introducing a new bankruptcy law, simplifying procedures for connecting to the electricity supply, and passing laws on registering property and on administering bankruptcy, are reforms. They may lack the drama of breaking up Gazprom, but academic research, historical experience and the World Bank all say the same thing: it is these sort of unexciting reforms that in the end are the ones that make a difference and which produce results. In other words Russia is reforming, and it is doing so successfully, in a methodical and purposeful way. Doing so requires hard work and unremitting attention to detail. The Russian authorities deserve credit for successfully doing it, not the criticism for doing nothing that they normally get."" I also made an extended point about what Russia's ranking in the World Bank Ease of Doing Business survey says about the overall level of Russia's society and economy. The continued advance in Russia's ranking to 40th in the world shows that this point remains valid, so I reproduce it here in full ""The second point is that if one looks at what sort of countries now outrank Russia in the survey, it turns out that they are - broadly speaking - the three Asian industrial giants: Japan, Taiwan and South Korea, the two Asian city states of Hong Kong and Singapore, and the traditional and well established industrialised societies of the West: the US, the three rich countries of the British commonwealth (Canada, Australia and New Zealand) and most (though not all) the states of the EU - in sum what was once called ""the first world"". If one removes the one indicator where Russia scores especially badly, Trading Across Borders - for which there are special reasons (see above) - Russia becomes even more clearly aligned with these ""first world"" countries rather than with those countries that make up what used to be called ""the third world"". The Russian government's target is to achieve 20th place in the World Bank's ease of doing business survey by 2018. That may be too optimistic, though it is worth pointing out that the target for this year was 50th, which Russia only missed by one place. If Russia does achieve a ranking of 20th in the world by 2018 then it will be right in the middle of the ""first world"" group of countries rather than just outside it. At that point it will also have one of the best business climates in the world. Even if Russia does not achieve 20th position by 2018, the pace of improvement in the rankings is so fast it suggests Russia will break in fully in terms of quality of its business climate into the list of ""first world"" countries before long."" Inevitably, as Russia's position in the World Bank Ease of Doing Business survey has rapidly improved, some commentators both in the West and Russia have cast doubt on the survey, even though its methodology is rigorous (originating apparently with Harvard University) and even though it is based on thorough field work. Needless to say these are the same commentators who regularly cited the survey when Russia's ranking in it was poor. There is in fact no reason to think the rapid rise in Russia's position in the survey does not reflect actual business conditions. As I said in my discussion of last year's survey, its results were anecdotally confirmed to me in a meeting I had with a group of local businessmen in Perm. A far more authoritative person has now come forward and said the same thing. This is German Gref, the single individual who is perhaps best informed about conditions for businesses in Russia because he is the CEO of Sberbank, Russia's biggest bank, which is the national (as opposed to local) bank that small businesses in Russia are most likely to look to for credit. Gref stands politically at the farthest liberal end of the spectrum of Russia's political and economic establishment, and he is far from shy about criticising the government, which he does frequently. Yet in a meeting with Putin on 4th August 2016 he confirmed the improvement in business conditions in Russia ""I think that the environment that we will have in place by the end of 2016, when all of the legal amendments take effect, will mean that Russia will be offering one of the most interesting and technologically convenient environments for small businesses. "" (bold italics added) Because of the extremely poor relations between the West and Russia, Russia's economy and its economic management are continuously and relentlessly criticised in a way which plays well to Western prejudice but which grossly distorts understanding of the country and its government. Russia's highly conservative macroeconomic policies emphasising tight budget discipline (the federal budget deficit at the peak of the recession was 3% of GDP, roughly the same as that of the US and below that of Britain during their 'recoveries', with the Russian government planning to cut the deficit by 1% of GDP over each coming year), low taxes (income tax is levied at a flat rate of 13%), high real interest rates (currently around 4% above inflation), open financial markets, low debt (government debt in Russia is 17.7% of GDP compared to 104% in the US, 229% in Japan, 89% in Britain, 96% in France and 71% in Germany), low external debt (roughly 20% of Russia's GDP, compared to 114% of the US's, 570% of Britain's, 220% of France's, 145% of Germany's and 60% of Japan's) and floating exchange rate, have in reality enabled Russia - as Fitch says - to adjust rapidly and very successfully to the fall in oil prices. At the same time the rapid improvement in business conditions shown by the rapid rise of Russia's ranking in the World Bank Ease of Doing Business survey shows that Russia is also working hard and successfully at getting its microeconomic conditions right. In other words the people who run Russia's economy know their job and by and large they do it well. That does not mean they are infallible. In my opinion interest rates are far too high, with the 4% inflation target for next year in danger of becoming a fetish. However compared to the appalling mismanagement one sees elsewhere, far from being the collapsing kleptocratic empire of Western fancy, Russia looks like an island of stability and good sense.",0
19956,When the Boss Is Half Your Age - The New York Times,"Christine Sabo had three decades of   experience behind her when, three years ago, she was hired as the vice president for major giving at a nonprofit in South Florida. But right about the time Ms. Sabo came aboard, the chief executive had accepted a new position elsewhere. The replacement in the top slot: a   . “The way he operated was classic for that age group: I would get texts and emails any time day and night,” recalled Ms. Sabo, now 59. “If I said I had 30 years in the profession, he hated that. He would say: ‘I don’t want to hear how long you’ve been in the field. I don’t care how long you’ve done this or that. ’” The new boss seemed to be sending the message that the way Ms. Sabo approached   and development was out of date. “At the end of the day, it felt like, ‘You need to come into the new millennium,’’’ she said. “I used to chuckle and wonder what kind of relationship he had with his mother. ” Despite her growing discomfort, she tried to do her job and avoid conversation or confrontation with the boss  —   who first demoted her, then fired her. “He told me that I wasn’t hitting my goals, but that’s not true,” said Ms. Sabo, who has a new job and an older boss. “I think it was that we butted heads. Some of it was style, but some of it was generational. ” Companies these days are looking to fill the management ranks with people who are “digital natives,” which frequently translates to millennials and Gen  . Meanwhile, more baby boomers are staying on the job longer, and some retirees, looking for a second act, are rejoining the ranks of the employed, at least part time. Consequently, the odds are increasing that older workers will be answering to managers young enough to be their children. A 2014 Harris Interactive survey on behalf of CareerBuilder, a job recruitment website, found that 38 percent of American workers had a younger boss, up from 34 percent in 2012. “Obviously, there have always been younger people in the work force, but in the past, younger workers were on the lower floors and older workers were executives on the upper floors and in the executive dining room,” said Jill Chapman, a senior performance consultant with Insperity, a personnel management firm. But because younger workers now have the advantage in sheer numbers, “there are more opportunities for them to move into management roles,” Ms. Chapman continued. “They’re in their 30s, and they’ve had lots of experience because of internships we older workers gave them when they were in high school and college. They had those experiences, and they had the chops for exec positions at an earlier age. ” If older workers have difficulty adjusting, there’s a good reason: It goes against the natural order that the subordinate would have several decades on the supervisor. “Research shows that older workers are not as responsive to that younger boss, because they feel he or she shouldn’t be in that position,” said Orlando Richard, an associate professor of management at the University of Texas at Dallas, who recently completed a study on status incongruence. There are implications for the organization, too. “The older workers with younger bosses are less committed to the company,” Professor Richard said. “They’re not as engaged in the job. If they’re close to retirement, they may not leave, but they may not work as hard. ” Of course, there are plenty of older workers who continue to give the job their all, even though they now report to someone who thinks of Nirvana as an oldies band. The way they see it, though, that younger boss sure doesn’t make it easy. Faye Keller, a public affairs specialist in the health care field in Salt Lake City, was 60 when she got a boss who was half her age. “At the beginning, I wasn’t too concerned  —   I was ready to look for his strengths,” Ms. Keller said But then she started being excluded from certain meetings. At those meetings she did attend, “I’d say something, and my boss would respond ‘yeah, ’ and move on to another topic. ” Colleagues closer to her boss’s age were invited to hang out in his office. “I felt ostracized,” said Ms. Keller, who is now 64. She also felt micromanaged. “I would go out of the building to meet with prospective clients, and when I explained that I was trying to develop relationships, he would tell me I could do it over the phone and through email,” Ms. Keller said. “I don’t believe I’m old school in my ideas, but I think face to face is essential in building successful relationships, and he didn’t value that. ” The boss stayed she went. There are challenges on both sides of the   workplace divide. Older workers may feel they’ve lost their shot at running the show, and younger workers may feel their older subordinates just can’t wait for them to mess up, said David Stillman, an author of the new book “Gen Z @ Work. ” The  : his son, Jonah, 17, perhaps a future younger boss. Further, older workers, accustomed to the parental role, may reflexively offer advice to younger bosses who chafe at the effrontery. “They’ll say, ‘In my day   …    ’ implying ‘your day is wrong,’” Mr. Stillman said. For their part, some younger bosses act as though the world began only when they arrived on the scene, “which makes older workers feel that their own considerable experience doesn’t matter,” Mr. Stillman added. Older workers may be made to feel that they’re dinosaurs. Younger bosses may think that, yeah, the older worker is kind of a dinosaur. “My social media skills and computer skills weren’t up to par,” Ms. Keller said. “I’m willing to admit that. ” Some companies are making efforts to address the issue. ATT, for example, offers supervisors a   course, “Managing the   Workforce,” which “helps prepare them to effectively communicate with and motivate their direct reports,” said Jan Rasmussen, a company spokeswoman. And not every older worker feels marginalized or unappreciated, nor does every younger boss feel disdainful and misunderstood. “I don’t look at age  —   I look at business intelligence,” said Valentino Lanoce, 54, the regional director of operations for the restaurant chain Verts Mediterranean Grill, who reports to the company’s founders, Dominik Stein, 29, and Michael Heyne, 32. “Dominik and Michael respect my experience in the industry, and they’ll ask for my opinion and advice. It’s very collaborative. ” Mr. Lanoce said that his interview with Mr. Stein and Mr. Heyne “was like sitting with mature officers of a company. ” He said: “They’re disciplined and professional. Otherwise, I never would have left where I was to come and work with them. ” When talking about her tour of duty at O’Connell  Goldberg, a public relations firm in Hollywood, Fla. Karen Dennis, 60, likes to invoke “The Intern,” the 2015 comedy that starred Robert De Niro as an unpaid septuagenarian assistant to a much younger chief executive. Ms. Dennis, a former administrative social worker and marketing consultant, had always wanted to work for a P. R. agency  —   badly enough to work without pay. Nine years ago, through a connection, she got her chance at O’Connell  Goldberg. “Social media was starting to emerge, and I was so lacking in skills,” Ms. Dennis said. She clearly learned quickly. After nine months, she was offered a paid position her boss, Barbara Goldberg, a founder of the company, was 10 years her junior. “There’s a great work ethic with older workers,” Ms. Goldberg said. “They come on time, and they stay, and they’re  . They also avoid petty drama, because this isn’t their first time at the rodeo. ” Ms. Goldberg said that Ms. Dennis filled an important role: “Karen was so nurturing and motherly to the younger employees  —   she had the time and patience, and I didn’t. ” But there were some tensions. “As a    I tended to step back and assess a situation,” Ms. Dennis said. “When you’re that age, you don’t see jumping in as being to your best advantage, because you haven’t yet seen the whole picture. ” Her boss’s philosophy, on the other hand, was “jump in. ” Ms. Dennis remembers being part of a conference call with a new client. She was silent throughout the conversation, and afterward, was yanked into Ms. Goldberg’s office. “Barbara told me, ‘I need to hear from you,’” Ms. Dennis said. “And I responded, ‘I didn’t have anything to say.’ I wanted to understand the dynamics of the other team before I spoke. I promised that on the next call, I would be more forceful and part of the conversation  —   and I was. ” “It’s a dance you do,” added Ms. Dennis, who was with the firm for more than six years before leaving to freelance she remains close to Ms. Goldberg. “It’s like marriage,” Ms. Dennis said. “My boss would say, ‘This is what I want,’ and I would say, ‘This is what I can do. ’” As in many new relationships, there’s a struggle to find a way. Diversity issues have long been a part of the terrain, and “there are all these hangups at first,” said Ms. Chapman of Insperity. It was a similar dynamic, she said, when women were coming into the work force. “It’s something we have to work through, and we have to figure out how to make it work,” Ms. Chapman said.",0
19957,Tradesman keeps promise,"October 27, 2016 
Ivy Pollard, 73, from the backend of Brighton was all set for a binge-watching session of her favourite TV series when the tradesman who said he would arrive between 7am and Midday arrived between 7am and Midday. 
‘I’d just finished skinning up the first spliff of the day when the miracle took place’ she said. ‘There was this unexpected knock at the door which I was hoping would be the new clown costume and accessories that I ordered 3 weeks ago!’ 
‘But it wasn’t! It was the guy from Swirlpool! The one thing I wasn’t expecting! Someone actually doing what they said they were going to do! The only time I experience that level of follow-through is on the toilet, or in my pull-ups, but even that doesn’t happen all that often.’ 
‘It was all a bit embarrassing actually, because there wasn’t anything wrong with the oven yet. The warranty had just expired so I knew it was only a matter of time. I thought I was being clever by booking an engineer straight away, confident that by the time he turned up, there would be something wrong with it.’ 
‘Mind you, he didn’t mind. It turns out he’s a big Game of Thrones fan as well. So we had a smoke and cracked on with the show. We had a jolly old day in the end, much to the chagrin of the other customers he was scheduled to see that day, but, then again, that’s tradesmen for you.’ Jodster",0
19958,Charlie Rose: There Has Been ’A Season’ of ’Coarse Political Rhetoric’ Like ’Lock Her Up’ - Breitbart,"During CBS’ coverage of the shooting at a Congressional baseball practice, anchor Charlie Rose stated, “people talk about things like ‘lock her up,’ and we saw some of the most crude political language that we’d heard.   …     This has been a season of sort of coarse political rhetoric. ”  Rose said, “[W]e saw during the time that members went back home, because of some of the debates in Congress, they were particularly raucous town meetings, not about threats to their lives, but clearly, the level in combativeness was more apparent than ever. ” He later added, after Congressional Correspondent Nancy Cordes said that it can be difficult for members of Congress to tell who is merely exercising their free speech rights and someone who has the intent of committing violence, “Clearly, we saw that during the campaign, which people talk about things like ‘lock her up,’ and we saw some of the most crude political language that we’d heard, even though there’s a long history of political attacks in American politics since the Founding Fathers. We did see expressions that we had not heard before. This has been a season of sort of coarse political rhetoric. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
19959,Links 11/9/16,"Tesco Bank cyber raid ‘unprecedented’, says financial regulator Guardian (Bill B) 
2016. A big round of applause for Lambert and those of you who participated in our live blog last evening and into the AM. 
I’m leaving some of the links I assembled earlier yesterday as reminders of the punditocracy misreading of the public’s mood. And for the historically minded, today is the anniversary of 18 Brumaire . 
Donald Trump is moving to the White House, and liberals put him there Guardian. Circulate this widely (although Trump has actually said he won’t live in the White House, he’ll live in a Trump property. There’s precedent in NYC. Bloomberg never occupied Gracie Mansion and made sure it was regularly rented out for parties). Plutonium Kun: 
Check out the hilarious tone deafness of the Guardian putting a plea at the bottom of Frank’s article for readers to help its journalism, after they inflicted 12 months of Clinton hackism on its readers (and anyone following comments btw knows that its readers overwhelmingly saw what was coming).",0
19960,Macedonian Media: Ruling Party About To Win Over Western Mercenaries,"'The Others' Alliances , Balkans , Hybrid Wars By Andrew KORYBKO (USA) We are publishing the exclusive English source of the interview given by the American political analyst Andrew Korybko to the Macedonian NetPress agency. He speaks about the forthcoming early parliamentary elections to be held in Macedonia on 11 December 2016 which are likely to be won by the ruling VMRO party of Nikola Gruevski, the effective defeat and demoralization of the globalist agents in the Balkans, and geoeconomic implications of the new political landscape in the region: 
Less than one month before the early parliamentary elections in Macedonia, the polls indicate a clear victory for the ruling party of VMRO-DPMNE lead by Nikola Gruevski. This on the other hand represents a mayor failure for the Western elements and their NGO/media machinery that in the past 2 years have been trying to overthrow the democratically elected Macedonian government together with the opposition lead by SDSMs Zoran Zaev, using methods such as Color Revolutions, public broadcasting of illegally wiretapped conversations, violent opposition protests, terrorist attacks, the formation of the so-called “special” prosecution, fabricating false scandals with alleged phantom voters and fake IDs, etc. What can we expect to be happening in Macedonia ahead of after the 11 December elections? 
It’s clear that VMRO will be handed a resounding victory by the people, but voters still need to go to the polls in order to make this the largest success that it can be and give Gruevski the unquestionable mandate that he will need to govern the post-crisis country. All surveys indicate that this will be the case, but people mustn’t become apathetic and assume that it’ll be a landslide just because everyone else is supposedly going to vote and instead choose to stay home. Everyone needs to go to the polls and make this election the crowning achievement of the patriotic counter-Color Revolution movement. If VMRO can clinch an overwhelming majority of the votes, then the rest of the world will see once and for all that the people have spoken and democratically expressed both their support for the legitimate government and their rejection of the Western-orchestrated Color Revolution. Nikola Gruevski 
In the run-up to the vote, there were clear signs that efforts were made by SDSM to unite the opposition into a solid bloc, but this failed because nobody really trusts Zaev. If a man will betray the entire country by becoming the figurehead of a Western regime change operation, then he’ll surely sell out any of his “political allies” if given the opportune chance to do so. Most patriotic opposition members recognize this and thus don’t want to contaminate their political brand, which is why the effort has thus far been a failure. Similarly, Zaev’s shameless pandering to Albanian voters has also been a dud. The demographic is aware that they’re being exploited, and while some admittedly find it flattering, many of them don’t want to be part of his international political games and know that the doesn’t truly have their best interests at heart. 
By and large, there’s no reason to second guess that VMRO and Gruevski are headed for an historic win in this election. Should this come to pass as expected, then Macedonians can look forward to a new era of stability and prosperity, with their country working equally with the West and East (Russia, China, BRICS) in order to maximize its geostrategic position as the prime infrastructural gateway to Europe. Russia is moving ahead with the Balkan Stream gas pipeline while China is making progress on the Balkan Silk Road high-speed rail system which will eventually link Budapest to Piraeus. Western investment, while having likely been impacted to an extent by the manufactured political crisis, hasn’t fled the country like it ordinarily would have in many other cases. Businessmen understand that Macedonia is growing and is an attractive place to set up shop because of its irreplaceable mainland location at the civilizational crossroads of Afro-Eurasia. 
All of this is indeed possible so long as the US pulls back from its recent history of destabilizing the Republic of Macedonia. Washington and its conspirators have already been beaten back twice – something which no other country has managed to do – and are slated for at third defeat during the December elections. The US’ behavior during this time will be contingent on how it’s “deep state” (the permanent military, intelligence, and diplomatic bureaucracies) decides to response. The US is undergoing the most transformational phased regime change event that it has ever experienced in history with Obama’s government giving way to President-elect Trump’s, so it remains to be seen if the “deep state’s” subjectively determined cost-benefit calculation will continue to lean in favor of asymmetrical destabilization. 
A reasonably confident argument can be made that won’t. Commencing yet another wave of failed Color Revolutions would be a waste of time, money, and resources if Trump simply decides to stop it once he enters office. On the other hand, Obama and his neoconservative “deep state” backers might be conspiratorially vengeful enough that they’d want to sabotage Trump’s incoming presidency by forcing him to inherit a legacy of conflict. Even if that’s the case, however, it doesn’t seem likely that this would succeed, since it’s obvious to all observers that the Macedonian people have repeatedly proven that all foreign-concocted plots against their statehood are determined to fail. Because of this, the US probably won’t opt to continue with this failed plan any longer, and will attempt to ‘save face’ by recognizing VMRO and Gruevski’s imminent victory, hoping that this can allow them to earn back some of the goodwill that they needlessly squandered over the years. 
Seen from this perspective, one can definitely conclude that the western sponsored wing together with their patrons, failed in Macedonia big time. What are the main factors that according to you helped Macedonia deal with these foreign sponsored crises, which can be used as an example for other countries that are or will be fighting these kinds of Western sponsored crises? 
Macedonians were able to withstand and repel the US’ Hybrid War pressure because they came to master the art of what I call the Resistance Circle, which is a counter-Color Revolution innovation which must absolutely be applied to all countries that are experiencing this form of aggression. Here’s an illustration of this concept, and then I’ll explain what each part of it means in practice: Media: 
Macedonians were already an educated and aware even before the Hybrid War started, and this can be attributed to the prevalence of patriotic media outlets in the country, both mainstream and alternative. They kept the public informed of the US’ various regime change machinations across the world before Washington inevitably came to victimizing their homeland. Once the destabilization began, the media kept the people up to date on what was really going on and the larger forward-looking reasons behind it, which had the effect of heightening the already strong sense of patriotism that most Macedonians feel. Patriotism: 
Macedonian patriots formed the core of the counter-Color Revolution movement. They were inspired by the media and what they saw happening all around them and conveyed the extent of the regime change plot to the rest of their fellow citizens. They knew that this wasn’t just an operation targeting Gruevski personally, but a far-reaching scheme that affects all Macedonians through its goals of changing the constitutional name, “federalizing” (internally partitioning) the country, and thus advancing a dangerous and treasonous scenario which could result in the dismantlement of Macedonia’s hard-fought statehood. Organizing: 
The patriots utilized reverse-Color Revolution technology by applying some “traditional” models of large-scale crowd organizing through their skillful employment of social media and allied NGOS. This produced attention-grabbing demonstrations in support of the government and culminated most spectacularly in the May 2015 demonstrations that decisively dealt a death blow to the first failed Color Revolution. The external manifestation of the Macedonian people’s patriotism and their backing of the democratically elected and legitimate government sent a powerful normative message all across the world, especially since it came on the heels of Zaev’s comparably much smaller rally. International Networking: 
Macedonia’s patriots networked with foreign friends and journalists to spread the truth about the regime change operation underway in their country, particularly relying on the influential power of Russian mass media, experts, and think tanks to champion their resistance. 
This propelled heavy alternative media coverage of the events and put pressure on the plotters by exposing their links with the US and Soros, thus discrediting the false narrative that this was an ‘indigenous democratic uprising’ and revealing it as the Western Color Revolution that it always was. 
At this point, the multipolar media coverage, analysis, and investigations into the unrest were channeled back into Macedonia’s patriotic mainstream and alternative media outlets for domestic consumption, which fuelled the patriotism and encouraged even more counter-Color Revolution demonstrations and related activity. 
It’s quite interesting to see the shock of the fifth column in Macedonia after Donald Trump won the USA elections, which was quite similar to their reaction to the Brexit as well. Why is there such despair among the Western mercenaries in Macedonia and what does Trump’s victory mean for the Western-sponsored crises and Color revolutions elsewhere? 
The reason why they’re so upset is because they realize that Trump’s election will likely herald in a sea change of American policy in some (operative word) vectors, notably how it relates to Soros and Color Revolutions . Trump’s campaign team and alternative media surrogates such as Breitbart made a point of emphasizing the disruptive role that Soros has been playing in the US, such as shedding light on his support for pro-Clinton Super PACs, funding the urban extremist group known as “Black Lives Matter”, and even indirectly being connected to some electronic voting machine companies. In fact, one of the least-discussed but most important aspects of Trump’s election is how it affects Soros and his worldwide network now that the billionaire Color Revolution financier’s chief foe will be in the Oval Office. Trump and his base are antipathetic to Soros in all ways, even more so nowadays because of the shadowy figure’s role in organizing the nationwide riots against the President-elect. To put it bluntly, Soros has declared war on Trump, and the incoming President is expected to push back in all ways in order to safeguard his Presidency. 
There’s a lot that can be written about the dynamics of this struggle and the widespread influence that Soros commands among The Establishment and its “academia’, pop culture, media, and social elites, but explaining all of that would require a lot more time and a broader scope than is presently available. How all of this relates to the Balkans, and specifically to Macedonia, is rather simple, in fact. Soros, preoccupied with tackling Trump, will probably direct a lot less time and energy towards his traditional stomping grounds, especially considering that he’s already failed two times in trying to topple the Macedonian government. Furthermore, Soros won’t have the incoming Trump Administration’s foreign policy and covert support to back him up. Remember, Trump disdains Soros, and the feeling is mutual. They’re not going to cooperate on any major schemes together, or at least not right away, but here’s where the possible scenarios get rather interesting. Trump and Soros want to destroy one another, but it’s possible that they could reach a ‘ceasefire’ arrangement between themselves in putting their mutual differences aside and focusing on areas of ‘shared interest’. 
What this means in practice is that the neoconservative elements of the American “deep state” (the permanent military, intelligence, and diplomatic bureaucracies) might be able to influence Trump and his team to the point where they come to appreciate the covert foreign policy utility of the worldwide Soros network. If this happens, and provided that Soros is on the retreat due to the Trump Administration’s relentless hounding of him, then it’s possible for the President to reach a deal with the Color Revolution architect whereby Soros would stop or lessen his anti-Trump attacks in exchange for the new American government being able to utilize his global regime change ‘services’ again. On the other hand, however, it’s also possible that Trump defeats Soros and takes over his organization, investing time and resources to ‘retool’ it from a “far-left/hyper-liberal” group to something more aligned with the global conservative and “right-wing” zeitgeist in order to make it more attractive and operationally effective in this day and age. It’s still too early to tell which way things may or may not go, but these are reasonable ideas to countenance given the existing state of affairs. 
The point in bringing this all up is to emphasize the very real split between Soros and his American governmental facilitators/criminals-in-arms. Trump’s Administration will be the first time when the US won’t blindly support Soros in all of his endeavors, and is ironically one of the mastermind’s targets this time around. This paramount asymmetrical conflict can’t help but interfere with Soros’ other operations all across the world, which, to get back to answering the main part of the question, is why the fifth column is so distraught at Trump’s victory. They also know that the “politically incorrect” President-elect doesn’t support their wild post-modern “liberal” views such as attacking conservative societies through the weaponization of homosexuality and destabilizing their centuries-old value systems. It’s indeed possible that Trump might be convinced by the CIA and some other “deep state” actors to tolerate the mild continuance of this campaign in some key geostrategic states, but seeing as how it’s so spectacularly failed in Macedonia, the Balkan country probably won’t be a top priority for him like it was for Obama. 
Iran, however, will be, since several high-profile voices around Trump and a few of the people who he’s rumored to be considering for crucial Cabinet positions have openly declared that the US must foment regime change in the Islamic Republic, but of course, the specifics of this could be discussed at another time. It’s just important to know that Color Revolutions won’t become an outdated weapon of the past just because of the Trump-Soros War, and everyone should always remember that the President of the US is still the leader of the world’s pioneer in unconventional destabilizations. The US still wants to retain and strengthen its hegemony, but Trump and his team feel that some fundamental tweaking must be made to the system in order for it to become much more effective. Most of the substance will remain the same, but it’s just that some of the style will change. I explored some of the details pertaining to this in my Sputnik article titled “ Here’s What Trump’s Foreign Policy Will Look Like ”, and I welcome all interested readers to check it out if they want to have a more comprehensive forecast about the future nature of American behavior abroad. 
I must say, however, that no one should get their hopes up that Trump’s rule will herald in the US’ retreat from abroad – he’s been very clear from the start that his guiding mantra is “America First”, and while opposed to some of Obama’s foreign policy platforms, he’ll probably end up retaining some of them even if he rebrands them with his own style. He’s a pragmatic businessman who knows how to make deals, which is why the Great Powers of Russia and China have cautiously optimistic hopes that he’ll usher in a period (however brief) of New Détente in the New Cold War, but just because Trump might ease up the US’ pressure on one or both of these Eurasian anchors doesn’t mean that he won’t up the ante against Iran, Pakistan, and perhaps some other unforeseen targets of Washington’s wrath. 
Greek diplomatic sources have briefed Greek media that the implementation of the Turkish stream is now moving faster than expected and the projections are that the construction will begin this year, while ending in 2019. Some information says that Gazprom and the EC are now getting close to agreement. What does your information say? 
I don’t have any exclusive information about this project, but my analysis about its progress is that things have been moving along quite well ever since the game-changing Russian-Turkish rapprochement over the summer, which, to remind everyone, was the reason why the US hastened to clumsily arrange a failed coup attempt against President Erdogan. I discussed the specifics of this more thoroughly in my Oriental Review article about “ Reassessing The Reasons For The Failed Turkish Coup Attempt ”, and just like with my Sputnik piece which I reference in my last answer, this article might also be interesting for some readers to go through if they have the time and inclination to do so. I bring up the failed pro-US coup attempt in Turkey because it was hatched with the motivation of reversing the strategic gains that Russia and Turkey were poised to make, one of which is obviously Balkan Stream. 
With Ankara back on board with this Russian megaproject, the only other actor left which needs to fall in line is the EU, which – regardless of its US-ordered and politically driven rhetoric – desperately needs to secure reliable energy sources in the future, and will more than likely end up reaching some agreement with Russia around the time that the first part of the pipeline is completed. The anti-Russian sanctions regime has been cracking for the past year and many Eastern European countries want to ease the restrictions and work with their Russian partners in order to spearhead creative workarounds that would be mutually beneficial for both sides. Sooner or later, the EU will probably give in to its natural self-interested desire to restore relations with Russia and end up hashing out a deal for Balkan Stream. The major impediment to this, however, will remain the Third Energy Package, which Bulgaria clung to as its excuse two years ago in pathetically pretending that it was just “following the law” and wasn’t under any American pressure to obstruct South Stream. 
This totalitarian piece of legislation decrees that a company is not allowed to own both the pipeline and the gas which transits through it. Gazprom argued that this law entered into effect after it had already concluded negotiations on the project and should thus be exempt from its restrictions, but the EU didn’t accept this and said that the Russian company must “play by the rules”. Since Bulgaria was supposed to be the terminal point for the project and the first EU country through which South Stream was planned to pass, it took the vanguard role in stopping the pipeline and thus sacrificed billions of dollars of transit revenue as a result. The same problem could predictably repeat itself with Greece, but I think that Russia preparing a handful of possible solutions for dealing with this. The most realistic one would be to partner up with trusted companies and jointly own either all of the pipeline or each national section that it’s supposed to transit through, even if Gazprom gets 49% and its ally has a 51% controlling stake. 
Since Balkan Stream will pass through a bunch of countries, it’s more realistic for each leg to be jointly owned by a different national partner, so for example, this could be DEPA in Greece, just like it’s Botas for Turkey. The model of working with individual partner companies in each transit state could be replicated all throughout the line’s forecasted route, but the liability is that unexpected disputes with one or another partner could lead to downstream disruptions if a national actor decided to “pull a Ukraine”, though there’s nothing at this time to suggest that such a scenario will happen. Likewise, being overly dependent on one or two major regional companies which could jointly operate the entire line with Russia could create a situation where the said company feels overly empowered and tries to push Russia around one day (whether on its own initiative or under pressure from the US). Therefore, having multipole stakeholders all along the route could ironically be a much more stable alternative because it means that everyone else would put pressure on the disruptive actor in the event that they ‘go rogue’ and do the US geostrategic bidding. 
What we need to look forward to now is the business diplomacy that will inevitably commence sometime in the future and monitor this to the best of our abilities in order to get a clearer picture of Balkan Stream’s technical-administrative aspects. Gazprom will obviously look to enter into deals with its partners in order to get around the Third Energy Package, but knowing the Russian giant, it’ll probably conduct a lot of these in secret in order to keep the details under wraps so it might be difficult to find out what’s really happening. This is why it’s so useful to use models such as the joint ownership one which I just explained in order to have an initial framework for testing hypotheses and seeing how well they correlate to the unfolding reality. I don’t have any idea about the timeframe for these negotiations, but it’s safe to say that the ones with Greece will definitely be concluded by the time that the first part of the pipeline is completed with Turkey, and Russia might also by that time line up agreements with Macedonia, Serbia, and Hungary in order to move as fast as possible from that point onwards in pairing Balkan Stream’s logical northwards expansion with China’s Balkan Silk Road high-speed rail project. 
Andrew Korybko is the American political commentator currently working for the Sputnik agency. He is the author of the monograph “ Hybrid Wars: The Indirect Adaptive Approach To Regime Change ” (2015). RELATED POSTS",0
19962,Why Clinton Could Lead Us into WW3,"Laurence M. Vance https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/clinton-lead-us-ww3/ 
Because most members of the military will go anywhere and fight for any reason no matter who orders them to do so. 3:25 pm on October 30, 2016",0
19963,Will this election be decided by votes cast by illegal immigrants?,"Print 
In the final 11 days leading up to the monumental 2016 presidential election, reports have filtered in that thousands of immigrants are headed for the U.S.-Mexico border to illegally enter the United States. Their motivation is crystal clear, according to CBS News York , which explains the sudden influx: 
“The smugglers are telling [the masses of illegal] if Hillary [Clinton] gets elected, that there’ll be some sort of amnesty, that they need to get here by a certain date,” [Border Patrol Agent Chris] Cabrera said. “They’re also being told that if [Donald] Trump gets elected, there’s going to be some magical wall that pops up overnight and once that wall gets up, nobody will ever get in again.” 
Cabrera added that they’ve encountered up to 1,000 immigrants along [the Texas city of] McAllen’s stretch of the border some days. 
It’s not just Donald Trump’s imagination that Democrats are manipulating the immigration process to register as many Hillary Clinton voters as possible. Bloomberg notes independently that a number of American cities are opening allowing illegals to vote. In some cases, an ad hoc workaround is being impemented to give the process an air of respectability.",0
19964,"No, Government Cannot Restrict First Amendment Religious Activity in Supreme Court Plaza","Email 
Rebutting the Justice Department’s assertion that the government can dictate where people can engage in religious activity, attorneys for The Rutherford Institute have asked the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia to reject the government’s motion to dismiss the lawsuit challenging the Supreme Court’s prohibition on First Amendment activities on its own front porch. 
The lawsuit, Payden-Travers v. Talkin , contends that the government’s restrictions on expressive activity in the plaza fronting the U.S. Supreme Court violate the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. The Supreme Court issued the ban on expressive activity in response to a June 2013 ruling in another lawsuit, Hodge v. Talkin , also filed by Rutherford Institute attorneys, challenging a 60-year-old statute banning expressive activities on the Supreme Court plaza. The federal district court declared the 60-year-old statute to be “unreasonable, substantially overbroad, and irreconcilable with the First Amendment.” In May 2016, the Supreme Court upheld its own ban on expressive activity in Hodge . 
In challenging the Court’s prohibitions on expressive activity as they relate to religious expression, Rutherford Institute attorneys argue the plaza prohibition violates the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which says the government must have a compelling interest in order to intrude on someone’s religious liberty, and it must do so in the least restrictive way. Affiliate attorney Jeffrey Light is assisting The Rutherford Institute with the First Amendment lawsuit. 
“There are a good many things that are repugnant to the Constitution right now: mass surveillance of Americans, roadside strip searches, forcible DNA extractions, SWAT team raids, civil commitments for criticizing the government, etc.,” said constitutional attorney John W. Whitehead, president of The Rutherford Institute and author of Battlefield America: The War on the American People . “However, for the U.S. Supreme Court to overtly prohibit expressive activity on its grounds shows exactly how perverse our so-called system of justice has become.” 
The plaza area in front of the Supreme Court is oval in shape and approximately 252 feet in length, is open 24-hours a day and is no different than other traditional public fora such as parks and sidewalks. The plaza has historically been used for First Amendment activities, including press conferences, tourists conversations, and filming of scenes for movies. Nevertheless, a 60-year-old statute broadly made it unlawful to display any flag, banner, or device designed to bring into public notice a party, organization, or movement while on the grounds of the U.S. Supreme Court, thereby banning expressive activity on the Supreme Court plaza. 
In January 2012, The Rutherford Institute filed a lawsuit, Hodge v. Talkin , on behalf of a political activist who was charged with violating the statute by silently standing on the plaza with a sign protesting police brutality. In June 2013, U.S. District Court Judge Beryl L. Howell ruled that the statute was unconstitutionally overbroad, facially unconstitutional and void. Just two days after this ruling, the Supreme Court adopted Regulation 7, which attempts to reinstate the restrictions struck down by Judge Howell by banning any “demonstration” on the Supreme Court grounds, which is broadly defined by Regulation 7 to include all forms of conduct communicating views or grievances that might draw onlookers. 
Article reposted with permission from The Rutherford Institute Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .",0
19965,"Iran Retaliates, Plans to Block Americans from Iran in Response to Trump’s Visa Ban","Iran has announced that it will prevent United States citizens from entering the country in retaliation against President Donald Trump’s visa ban against Tehran and six other   countries. [In a statement issued Saturday, Iran’s Foreign Ministry stated, “Iran will implement the principle of reciprocity until the offensive U. S. limitations against Iranian nationals are lifted. ” The statement made a distinction between “the American people and the hostile policies of the U. S. government. ” It continued to suggest that the restrictions against Muslims traveling to America “are an open affront against the Muslim world and the Iranian nation in particular and will be known as a great gift to extremists. ”  Trump’s ban on travelers from seven volatile countries, including Iran, targets radical Islamic extremism but does not ban travelers simply for their Islamic faith. It is, however, a direct reaction to the rise in   extremism throughout much of the Western world. Iran remains one of the foremost abusers of human rights, and sponsors of terrorism, in the world. Trump signed the executive order on Friday, temporarily banning individuals from Iran, Iraq, Syria, Sudan, Yemen, Libya, and Somalia from entering the United States. The order also lowered the ceiling of refugees allowed to enter the United States to 50, 000 during FY 2017. Further, the executive order includes a temporary block on visas for 90 days for “immigrants and  ” from the aforementioned nations, and specifically directs the Secretary of State to “request all foreign governments that do not supply such information [regarding refugee vetting] to start providing such information regarding their nationals within 60 days of notification. ” There are more than 1 million   living in the United States, with the largest concentration of them living in Los Angeles, California. This ban imposed by the Iranian government would prevent them from traveling back to to Iran. A senior Trump administration official pushed back against the notion that Friday’s executive order was a Muslim ban. The official “listed off several predominantly Muslim countries that the order does not apply to. The official said that the United States still took in more foreigners than any other country in the history of civilization and said that the number of people impacted by Friday’s executive order was relatively small,” as reported by the New York Time‘s Michael Schmidt. Regarding Iran, the official “said that the White House is aware of reports that Iran plans reciprocal steps in response to Friday’s executive order, adding that if those measures are indeed reciprocal, it means that the Iranians will review each individual on a case by case basis. ” Earlier on Saturday, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani criticized Trump’s intended wall across the U. S.  border. In a speech that was broadcast on Iran’s   TV network, Rouhani said, “Today is not the time to erect walls between nations. They have forgotten that the Berlin wall fell years ago. ” He echoed that statement on Twitter, writing, “Let’s help neighboring cultures, not build walls between nations. Let’s not forget what happened to the #BerlinWall. ” Let’s help neighboring cultures, not build walls between nations. Let’s not forget what happened to the #BerlinWall.  —   Hassan Rouhani (@HassanRouhani) January 28, 2017,  Following former Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani’s death earlier this month, Rouhani similarly wrote, “Today all people came to bid farewell to a man who made history Let us use this mood to build a bridge instead of a wall. ” امروز برای وداع با آن مرد تاریخ‌ساز همه آمده بودند؛ بیاییم از این فضا برای دوستی، #آشتی و وحدت ملی استفاده کنیم. بجای #دیوار، #پل بسازیم. pic. twitter.   —   حسن روحانی (@Rouhani_ir) January 10, 2017,  According to Reuters, Rouhani also took aim at Trump’s withdrawal of the U. S. from the   Partnership (TPP) trade deal on Monday, while speaking to a tourism conference in Tehran. “To annul world trade accords does not help their economy and does not serve the development and blooming of the world economy,” Rouhani said. “This is the day for the world to get closer through trade. ” Rouhani is facing a tough reelection fight in May. Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz",0
19966,The Other October Surprise—An Eruption In The Bond Pits,"The Other October Surprise---An Eruption In The Bond Pits By David Stockman.   Even as the FBI's probe of Huma/Weiner's laptop was happening behind the scenes during the last several weeks, an even more important eruption was quietly gathering steam in the world's bond markets. To wit, the casino gamblers who have made a killing front-running the central banks have begun to fade the trade. You need to login to view this content. 
David Stockman’s Contra Corner isn’t your typical financial tipsheet. Instead it’s an ongoing dialogue about what’s really happening in the markets… the economy… and governments… so you can understand the world around you and make better decisions for yourself. 
David believes the world -- certainly the United States -- is at a great inflection point in human history. The massive credit inflation of the last three decades has reached its apogee and is now going to splatter spectacularly. 
This will have lasting ramifications on how governments tax and regulate you… the type of work you and your family members will have available and what you get paid… the value of your nest egg… and all other areas comprising your quality of life. Login 
David Stockman's Contra Corner is the only place where mainstream delusions and cant about the Warfare State, the Bailout State, Bubble Finance and Beltway Banditry are ripped, refuted and rebuked. Subscribe now to receive David Stockman’s latest posts by email each day as well as his model portfolio, Lee Adler’s Daily Data Dive and David’s personally curated insights and analysis from leading contrarian thinkers.",0
19967,INSPIRATIONAL VIDEO : 94 Year Old Supporter Walks a Mile a Day Stumping for Trump – TruthFeed,"INSPIRATIONAL VIDEO : 94 Year Old Supporter Walks a Mile a Day Stumping for Trump INSPIRATIONAL VIDEO : 94 Year Old Supporter Walks a Mile a Day Stumping for Trump Culture By TruthFeedNews November 3, 2016 
WALTON COUNTY, Fla. (WJHG/WECP) – At age 94, you could say Arlene Borges is one of Donald Trump’s biggest fans. 
“I like him, I liked him before he was even thinking about being a president,” Borges said. 
And thanks to a morning routine that has become a ritual, you could also call her a super fan. 
Every day, when most people are going to work, Arlene is going the extra mile for Donald Trump. The Santa Rosa Beach resident walks one mile around town in her Trump t-shirt, meeting and greeting passersby with her bubbly personality. 
So how did it all start? 
“Well little did my son know, when he bought me a Trump shirt, I started wearing it, and boom – everything happened,” Borges said. 
Arlene has become something of a local celebrity now, with some fans even stopping to ask for a photo. She recalls one time in particular. 
‘I was over on the church street and I was just sitting there getting some sun because it was kind of a chilly morning, and this car whizzes up and she gets out and had her camera or maybe it was her phone, and she says, ‘Oh I’ve wanted a picture of you with your Trump shirt on’!” 
Arlene says she wasn’t always a Republican, but she doesn’t remember what year she switched parties. Her husband was a Democrat and she voted the way he voted. 
The first vote she cast for president was for the 32nd one, back when the voting age was 21 instead of 18 years old. 
“Franklin D, you know, everybody was great for Franklin D. Roosevelt,” she said. 
And now, as she casts her ballot for the man she hopes becomes the 45th, this 94 year-old will continue her grassroots effort to encourage others to do the same. 
H/T – WJHG 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
19968,In Case You Missed…,"“ Justifying the Saudi Slaughter in Yemen ” by Gareth Porter, Oct. 31, 2016 
To produce and publish these stories – and many more – costs money. And except for some book sales, we depend on the generous support of our readers. 
So, please consider a tax-deductible donation either by credit card online or by mailing a check . (For readers wanting to use PayPal, you can address contributions to our PayPal Giving Fund account, which is named “The Consortium for Independent Journalism”).",0
19969,Fashion Notes: Melania Trump Stuns In Dolce &amp Gabbana For Gorsuch Ceremony,"First Lady Melania Trump turned to her favorite designer, Dolce  Gabbana, for a visit to the U. S. Supreme Court Thursday, where she and President Donald Trump attended the investiture ceremony for Justice Neil Gorsuch. [Paired with a subdued black pencil skirt and black,   stilettos, Melania was fashion forward in a more than $2, 300 sleeveless wool jacket with a bejeweled buckle in the back by Dolce  Gabbana, the First Lady’s favorite Italian fashion house.  The jacket is from DG’s   2017 collection and can be seen in the photo Melania posted of the ceremony on her Instagram account:  Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on today’s official investiture ceremony! It was an honor to witness unforgettable moment! A post shared by First Lady Melania Trump (@flotus) on Jun 15, 2017 at 7:32pm PDT,  Dolce  Gabbana has been Melania’s   design house for custom outfits and luxury,   looks. The designer duo’s more outspoken half, Stefano Gabbana, usually celebrates on his Instagram when the First Lady wears one of the brands’ creations, thanking her for being a “DG Woman. ” Most recently, Breitbart News reported how Dolce  Gabbana launched a “#Boycott Dolce  Gabbana” ad campaign to mock critics who continue to demand that they stop dressing Melania. Gabbana posted a screenshot of the Breitbart News story on his Instagram account Thursday, accompanied with heart and laughing emojis and the hashtags “#boycottdolceandgabbana” and “#allthelovers. ”  ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ #boycottdolcegabbana ❤️❤️❤️❤️😂😂😂😂😂🌏🌍🌎 #allthelovers ❤️ A post shared by stefanogabbana (@stefanogabbana) on Jun 16, 2017 at 3:44am PDT,    John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder. ",0
19970,BREAKING: Connecticut Democratic Lawmaker Arrested On 19 Voter Fraud Charges • USA Newsflash,"
VIA End The Fed 

On Friday, Connecticut state Representative Christina “Tita” Ayala, 31 years old, who represents Bridgeport was arrested on 19 counts of voter fraud. The Connecticut State Attorney’s office said that she is accused of voting in various local and state elections where she does not live. Ayala was originally elected into Connecticut’s 128th District in 2012 and lost her reelection campaign. 

Ayala was charged with eight counts of fraudulent voting, 10 counts of primary or enrollment violations and one count of tampering with or fabricating physical evidence. 

The case was originally referred to the Office of the Chief State’s Attorney in late 2013 by the Elections Enforcement Commission. The crimes occurred between 2009 and 2012. Her mother, Santa, was also investigated however no charges have been filed against Ayala’s mother. 

Voter fraud is a serious felony and according to the press release voter fraud is a felony punishable by “not less than one year or more than two years in prison and a fine of $300 to $500 per count.” The arrest warrant also alleges Ayala favbircated evidence then handed it over to investigators with the Connecticut Election Enforcement Commission. She said she lived at a false address inside a district she is accused of voting in but actually lives outside that district. This is a Class D felony carrying a maximum prison sentence up to five years per count. 
This is why Trump says it’s rigged, and he was right. This is just one of many voter frauds that’s came out already. 
",0
19971,Truck Terror Attack in Jerusalem Follows Mounting International Pressure on Israel,"TEL AVIV  —   The timing of today’s deadly   terrorist attack in Jerusalem may be instructive. [The attack, carried out in the eastern Jerusalem neighborhood of Armon Hanatziv, also known as Eastern Talpiot, comes less than three weeks after the United Nations Security Council declared eastern Jerusalem to be “occupied Palestinian territory. ”  It follows   Secretary of State John Kerry’s Mideast policy speech in which he largely blamed Israel for the absence of negotiations (while the Palestinians have refused multiple statehood offers as well as attempts by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to jumpstart talks) and he repeatedly slammed Israeli settlement construction, including in eastern Jerusalem.  Notably, the State Department’s condemnation of today’s attack referred to the location of the terrorist onslaught as “Jerusalem” instead of “East Jerusalem. ” Today’s eastern Jerusalem truck terror comes one week before the Palestinians are scheduled to attend a farcical Paris “peace” conference at which the international community, minus Israel, is slated to get together to set the future parameters of a Palestinian state. Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely was right to link today’s carnage to the Paris summit. “The world has received a clear answer from the Palestinians to the peace conference coming up in Paris: More terror,” Hotovely said. “I again call on the international community to demand an end to terror and the industry of education toward it. ” The Palestinians have a long and sordid history of responding to peace talks or international pressure on Israel with a terror campaign targeting Israelis. Arch Terrorist Yasser Arafat personified that tactic when he responded to generous Israeli statehood offers in September 2000 by launching the deadly Second Intifada instead of accepting a Palestinian state or even making a counter offer. Within less than   hours of last month’s   UN resolution, I noticed an immediate uptick in Palestinian terrorist attacks targeting Jews in the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem, the very areas where Israeli construction was singled out in the UN document. I wrote at the time it was too early to tell whether the violence represented a spike in Palestinian terrorism following the UN vote or whether the incidents were part of the      trend known as the   Palestinian wave of terror that seems to escalate and then slow down. With today’s truck terror, we may be more clearly seeing the Palestinian response to the mounting international pressure on Israel. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.",0
19972,"Profit From Chaos? Elites Have Secretly “Banked On Trump Victory, Populist Uprising”","
There’s more than one way for the establishment to yield power from this election.
The first path is obvious, direct and potentially deadly. A Hillary presidency will be surrounded by bitter people, and overt uses of power, along with war, increased taxes and thinly-veiled pay-for-play politics benefiting the billionaires who’ve bankrolled her rise to power.
The other path is less predictable, but possible just the perfect “magic formula” they need to get things flowing again.
The Brexit vote, a by-product of populist anger against economic stagnation and political angst, was secretly a win for those who wield power from the financial sector.
In the end, the disquiet of the people has proven to be the secret ingredient to stirring something up in an economy otherwise stymied by quantitative easing and dismal economic returns.
As Zero Hedge explains , it just may be, particularly in light of some of the statements that have been made by significant figures on Wall Street:
So yes, inflation is possible, it just can’t coexist with political stability, which may explain why – according to some more conspiratorial elements – a “surprising” Trump victory on Tuesday may be assured : after all, what better way to unleash political instability than to inaugurate the candidate who promises a full break with the establishment as we know it. If in the process, it leads to a surge in much needed inflation, now that QE has tried and failed, it’s a price the establishment, reeling under the weight of record global debt, is willing to pay.
One River Asset Management’s Eric Peters laying out his inflationary “revelation”:
“British spenders have entirely looked through post-Brexit uncertainty,” said Mark Carney [governor of the Bank of England]. … So the Bank of England forecast its biggest inflation overshoot since 1997; expecting 2018 price gains to peak at +2.8%.
What’s it tell us?
A populist uprising, compromised free trade, immigration restrictions, a 15% currency devaluation, 0.50% interest rates combined with aggressive QE is today’s magic formula for modestly exceeding a 2% inflation target 2yrs hence. 
[…]we live in the 2010s, and inflationary expectations have succumbed to decades of independent central banking. Economic volatility is remarkably muted too. With it has come a long period of political stability. […] And we also know that a long period of political stability is drawing to a close. 
But we can’t be sure that political volatility will increase inflation volatility. Nor can we be sure that it won’t. It all depends on time and place. And today’s time and place is something new.
Is this proof that the elite are secretly planning to make lemonade from the lemons of American discontent and the wild card candidacy of Donald Trump?
That is a difficult call to make, but it is worth noting that there is clearly an advantage to be held if this outcome does occur.
As Tumelar notes, the fix is in either way:
It’s either inflation by Trump’s victory or by WW3 started by Hillary Clinton. 
A hard choice for the banksters. 
Of course, the situation is much more complicated than just inflation, or any one factor. There is a great deal of speculation that the end of QE, known to be no longer effective at stimulating the economy has made a stock market collapse inevitable, subject to the Fed raises rates.
It appears that Yellen has been waiting for the outcome of the election, and one way or another, will dump the next crisis on the next president. If that proves to be Trump, he will be blamed for the downfall… meanwhile, there will be those waiting in the shadows to profit from disaster.
For his part, astute columnist Brandon Smith has consistently argued that the elite have chosen Trump and will allow him to take the presidency – only to use the unpredictability as a catalyst for order out of chaos, and the institution of great political and economic controls over the country:
The vast majority of analysts in the mainstream and in the alternative media refused to acknowledge the possibility that a successful Brexit actually works in FAVOR of the globalists, because it provides them a perfect scapegoat for a financial crisis that has been broiling for years and is now ready to burst into flames.
[…]
I argue that the globalists want Trump in office, just as they wanted the passage of the Brexit. I argue that they need conservative movements to feel as though we have won, so that they can pull the rug out from under us in the near future. I argue that we are being set up. 
Again, the elites are openly telling us what is about to happen. They are telling us that if “populists” (conservatives) gain political power, the system will effectively collapse. To what extent is hard to say, but let’s assume that the situation will be ugly enough to influence the masses to reconsider the ideal of globalism as a possible solution. The elites are fond of the Hegelian dialectic and the philosophy of “order out of chaos,” after all.
Again, the reasons parallel the reasons that Brexit was able to succeed in spite of fierce establishment opposition.
The master manipulators are adaptive to any market conditions, and their influence runs deeper than the electorate of any given political season. Its agents and officers instruct the candidates and make demands, not the other way around.
In a puppeteer’s world, must we always argue for the existence of puppets on every stage?
Read more: 
“Trump Will Be ALLOWED To Win,” Only to Be Blamed For The Coming Financial Crash 
The Bubble Will Burst, But Fed Is Waiting For Politics “With Trump Lurking Around” 
Trump Accuses Fed of Not Raising Rates Because Obama “Doesn’t Want a Bubble Burst” Until He Leaves 
Ron Paul: Unless the Fed is Stopped, America Will “Soon Experience Major Economic Crisis” 
“Fed Risks Triggering Panic and Turmoil”: World Bank Warns Against Raising Rates 
",0
19973,Russia’s Hacks Followed Years of Paranoia Toward Hillary Clinton - The New York Times,"Russia’s unprecedented intervention in the United States election came amid more than United   tension and Donald J. Trump’s praise of Vladimir V. Putin, the Russian president. It also coincided with a growing belief, in Moscow, that Russia faced an imminent threat in Hillary Clinton’s candidacy. Mrs. Clinton is viewed in Moscow as innately hostile to Russia. Widely held conspiracy theories portray her as seeking to foment unrest that will return Russia to the chaos and depression of the 1990s. Even many government technocrats view her with suspicion that at times verges on paranoia. She referred to these views at an event on Thursday, telling donors that Mr. Putin’s “personal beef” with her had driven Russia’s intervention in the American election. Mark Galeotti, a Russia expert at the Institute of International Relations, based in Prague, said the Kremlin was consumed by something more urgent than petty revenge:  . “It’s not just they didn’t like Clinton, but they actually thought that she represented a threat,” he said, describing Russia’s actions as a matter of “policy, not pique. ” No one factor can fully explain Russia’s decision to hack and pass on Democratic emails, analysts say, and intelligence agencies appear divided on assessing Russian motives. But, in Moscow, fear of Mrs. Clinton has loomed as large or larger than any warmth for Mr. Trump. Mr. Putin accused Mrs. Clinton of instigating protests against him in late 2011. “She set the tone for some actors in our country and gave them a signal,” he said, reflecting a widespread view in Moscow that Mrs. Clinton, then secretary of state, had sought to topple Russia’s government. Mr. Putin returned to the presidency a few months later, appearing to believe that the United States had engineered the Middle East’s descent into chaos and was targeting his country to be next. He put Mrs. Clinton at the center of these plots. Mrs. Clinton is indeed more hawkish than other Democrats, including toward Russia. In 2008, while a senator, she mocked President George W. Bush’s claim that he had looked into Mr. Putin’s soul. “I could have told him  —   he was a K. G. B. agent. By definition, he doesn’t have a soul,” Mrs. Clinton joked. The line is still remembered in Moscow. But the Kremlin’s views of Mrs. Clinton go beyond defining her as hawkish. They are also layered with a   Russian belief that American democracy promotion is a ploy to unseat unfriendly governments, that the United States remains bent on Russia’s destabilization or even destruction, and that there is an American hand behind nearly every Russian misfortune. These suspicions go back decades. But, since Mrs. Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state, popular telling has cast her as the culprit responsible for America’s misdeeds and, therefore, Russia’s setbacks. In the summer of 2015, when Russian hacking groups first infiltrated Democratic National Committee servers, I happened to be reporting in Moscow. The American name on everyone’s lips was not Mr. Trump’s, who was already praising Mr. Putin, but rather Mrs. Clinton’s. Fyodor Lukyanov, a prominent Russian foreign policy commentator, told me at the time that there was a widespread view in his country’s government that Mrs. Clinton, as president, would take “a very hostile approach” toward Russia. Consensus in Moscow, Mr. Lukyanov said, was that “Hillary is the worst option of any president, maybe worse than any Republican. ” It was conventional wisdom, he added, that Mrs. Clinton considered her husband’s efforts to reform Russia in the 1990s an unfinished project, and that she would seek to finish it by encouraging   efforts that would culminate with regime change. This summer, when Russian hacking groups began releasing Democratic emails through third parties such as WikiLeaks, many Americans suspected an effort to help Mr. Trump, who had promised to realign the United States with Russia. But Mr. Galeotti, the Russian expert, said that, in all his time in Moscow, “I didn’t speak to anyone who thought a Trump presidency was possible. ” Rather, conversation there followed the same polls that dominated the discussion in America, and which all projected a landslide for Mrs. Clinton. Even as Mr. Putin deemed Mr. Trump “colorful” and suggested they might get along, officials in Moscow “were absolutely working from the assumption that Clinton was going to get it,” Mr. Galeotti said. This belief may have informed Russia’s actions during the campaign, which a number of analysts still suspect were aimed at weakening, rather then preventing, Mrs. Clinton’s presumedly imminent presidency. But if Moscow does gain an ally in Mr. Trump, it will lose a foil in Mrs. Clinton  —   something that has been politically useful for Mr. Putin as his country’s economy has sunk and its isolation deepened.",0
19974,How Russia Often Benefits When Julian Assange Reveals the West’s Secrets - The New York Times,"Julian Assange was in classic didactic form, holding forth on the topic that consumes him  —   the perfidy of big government and especially of the United States. Mr. Assange, the editor of WikiLeaks, rose to global fame in 2010 for releasing huge caches of highly classified American government communications that exposed the underbelly of its wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and its sometimes cynical diplomatic maneuvering around the world. But in a televised interview last September, it was clear that he still had plenty to say about “The World According to US Empire,” the subtitle of his latest book, “The WikiLeaks Files. ” From the cramped confines of the Ecuadorean Embassy in London, where he was granted asylum four years ago amid a legal imbroglio, Mr. Assange proffered a vision of America as superbully: a nation that has achieved imperial power by proclaiming allegiance to principles of human rights while deploying its   apparatus in “pincer” formation to “push” countries into doing its bidding, and punishing people like him who dare to speak the truth. Notably absent from Mr. Assange’s analysis, however, was criticism of another world power, Russia, or its president, Vladimir V. Putin, who has hardly lived up to WikiLeaks’ ideal of transparency. Mr. Putin’s government has cracked down hard on dissent  —   spying on, jailing, and, critics charge, sometimes assassinating opponents while consolidating control over the news media and internet. If Mr. Assange appreciated the irony of the moment  —   denouncing censorship in an interview on Russia Today, the     propaganda channel  —   it was not readily apparent. Now, Mr. Assange and WikiLeaks are back in the spotlight, roiling the geopolitical landscape with new disclosures and a promise of more to come. In July, the organization released nearly 20, 000 Democratic National Committee emails suggesting that the party had conspired with Hillary Clinton’s campaign to undermine her primary opponent, Senator Bernie Sanders. Mr. Assange  —   who has been openly critical of Mrs. Clinton  —   has promised further disclosures that could upend her campaign against the Republican nominee, Donald J. Trump. Separately, WikiLeaks announced that it would soon release some of the crown jewels of American intelligence: a “pristine” set of cyberspying codes. United States officials say they believe with a high degree of confidence that the Democratic Party material was hacked by the Russian government, and suspect that the codes may have been stolen by the Russians as well. That raises a question: Has WikiLeaks become a laundering machine for compromising material gathered by Russian spies? And more broadly, what precisely is the relationship between Mr. Assange and Mr. Putin’s Kremlin? Those questions are made all the more pointed by Russia’s prominent place in the American presidential election campaign. Mr. Putin, who clashed repeatedly with Mrs. Clinton when she was secretary of state, has publicly praised Mr. Trump, who has returned the compliment, calling for closer ties to Russia and speaking favorably of Mr. Putin’s annexation of Crimea. From the outset of WikiLeaks, Mr. Assange said he was motivated by a desire to use “cryptography to protect human rights,” and would focus on authoritarian governments like Russia’s. But a New York Times examination of WikiLeaks’ activities during Mr. Assange’s years in exile found a different pattern: Whether by conviction, convenience or coincidence, WikiLeaks’ document releases, along with many of Mr. Assange’s statements, have often benefited Russia, at the expense of the West. Among United States officials, the emerging consensus is that Mr. Assange and WikiLeaks probably have no direct ties to Russian intelligence services. But they say that, at least in the case of the Democrats’ emails, Moscow knew it had a sympathetic outlet in WikiLeaks, where intermediaries could drop pilfered documents in the group’s anonymized digital inbox. In an interview on Wednesday with The Times, Mr. Assange said Mrs. Clinton and the Democrats were “whipping up a   hysteria about Russia. ” There is “no concrete evidence” that what WikiLeaks publishes comes from intelligence agencies, he said, even as he indicated that he would happily accept such material. WikiLeaks neither targets nor spares any particular nation, he added, but rather works to verify whatever material it is given in service of the public, which “loves it when they get a glimpse into the corrupt machinery that is attempting to rule them. ” But given WikiLeaks’ limited resources and the hurdles of translation, Mr. Assange said, why focus on Russia, which he described as a “bit player on the world stage,” compared with countries like China and the United States? In any event, he said, Kremlin corruption is an old story. “Every man and his dog is criticizing Russia,” he said. “It’s a bit boring, isn’t it?” Since its inception, WikiLeaks has succeeded spectacularly on some fronts, uncovering indiscriminate killing, hypocrisy and corruption, and helping spark the Arab Spring. To Gavin MacFadyen, a WikiLeaks supporter who runs the Center for Investigative Journalism at the University of London, the question for Mr. Assange is not where the material comes from, but whether it is true and in the public interest. He noted that intelligence services had a long history of using news organizations to plant stories, and that Western news outlets often published “material that comes from the C. I. A. uncritically. ” Recent events, though, have left some transparency advocates wondering if WikiLeaks has lost its way. There is a big difference between publishing materials from a   like Chelsea Manning  —   the soldier who gave WikiLeaks its war log and diplomatic cable scoops  —   and accepting information, even indirectly, from a foreign intelligence service seeking to advance its own powerful interests, said John Wonderlich, the executive director of the Sunlight Foundation, a group devoted to government transparency. “They’re just aligning themselves with whoever gives them information to get attention or revenge against their enemies,” Mr. Wonderlich said. “They’re welcoming governments to hack into each other and disrupt each other’s democratic processes, all on a pretty weak case for the public interest. ” Others see Mr. Assange assuming an increasingly blinkered approach to the world that, coupled with his own secrecy, has left them disillusioned. “The battle for transparency was supposed to be global at least Assange claimed that at the beginning,” said Andrei A. Soldatov, an investigative journalist who has written extensively about Russia’s security services. “It is strange that this principle is not being applied to Assange himself and his dealings with one particular country, and that is Russia,” Mr. Soldatov said. “He seems to think that one may compromise a lot fighting a bigger evil. ” WikiLeaks was just getting started in 2006 when Mr. Assange, an Australian national, sent a mission statement to potential collaborators. One of his goals, he said, was to help expose “illegal or immoral” behavior by governments in the West. Mr. Assange made clear, though, that his main focus lay elsewhere. “Our primary targets are those highly oppressive regimes in China, Russia and Central Eurasia,” he wrote. Shortly after releasing the war logs in 2010, Mr. Assange threatened to make good on that promise. WikiLeaks, he told a Moscow newspaper, had obtained compromising materials “about Russia, about your government and your businessmen. ” But Mr. Assange’s life was soon upended. On Nov. 20 of that year, an international warrant was issued for his arrest in connection with allegations of sexual assault in Sweden, which he denies. Eight days later, WikiLeaks’ release of a cache of State Department cables cast unvarnished  —   and unwelcome  —   light on the United States’ diplomatic relationships. As Mr. Assange pointed out in the interview with The Times, many of the cables involved blunt judgments on Russia one called it a “mafia state. ” But the documents proved far more damaging to the United States’ interests than to Russia’s, and officials in Moscow seemed unperturbed. Russia’s foreign minister, Sergey V. Lavrov, dismissed Mr. Assange as a “petty thief running around on the internet. ” Mr. Assange, asked soon after by Time magazine whether he still planned to expose the secret dealings of the Kremlin, reiterated his earlier vow. “Yes indeed,” he said. But that promised assault would not materialize. Instead, with Mr. Assange’s legal troubles mounting, Mr. Putin would come to his defense. In late November 2010, United States officials announced an investigation of WikiLeaks Mrs. Clinton, whose State Department was scrambled by what became known as “Cablegate,” vowed to take “aggressive” steps to hold those responsible to account. The next month, Mr. Assange was arrested by the London police to face questioning by the Swedes, who he feared would turn him over to the Americans. Out on bail, he holed up and fought extradition at a Georgian country house owned by a supporter, Vaughan Smith, who said in an interview that he believed Mr. Assange to be the victim of an “intense online bullying and disinformation” campaign. One day after Mr. Assange’s arrest, the Russian president appeared at a news conference with the French prime minister. Brushing off a questioner who suggested that the diplomatic cables portrayed Russia as undemocratic, Mr. Putin used the opportunity to bash the West. “As far as democracy goes, it should be a complete democracy. Why then did they put Mr. Assange behind bars?” he asked. “There’s an American saying: He who lives in a glass house shouldn’t throw stones. ” It was the first of several times that Mr. Putin would take up Mr. Assange’s cause. He has called the charges against Mr. Assange “politically motivated” and declared that the WikiLeaks founder is being “persecuted for spreading the information he received from the U. S. military regarding the actions of the U. S. A. in the Middle East, including Iraq. ” In January 2011, the Kremlin issued Mr. Assange a visa, and one Russian official suggested that he deserved the Nobel Peace Prize. Then, in April 2012, with WikiLeaks’ funding drying up  —   under American pressure, Visa and MasterCard had stopped accepting donations  —   Russia Today began broadcasting a show called “The World Tomorrow” with Mr. Assange as the host. How much he or WikiLeaks was paid for the 12 episodes remains unclear. In a written statement, Sunshine Press, which works as his spokesman, said Russia Today “was among a dozen broadcasters that purchased a broadcasting license for his show. ” But on June 19, 2012, Mr. Assange’s narrative quickly took a different turn. He broke bail after losing an appeal against extradition to Sweden and was granted asylum in the tiny embassy of Ecuador in London, overlooking the back of Harrods department store. One year later, a man who would soon eclipse Mr. Assange in terms of   fame boarded a plane in Hong Kong. His name was Edward J. Snowden, and he was a National Security Agency    having stunned the world and strained American alliances by leaking documents that revealed a United   network of global surveillance programs. Mr. Snowden had not given his thousands of classified documents to WikiLeaks. Still, it was at the suggestion of Mr. Assange that the flight Mr. Snowden boarded on June 23, 2013, accompanied by his WikiLeaks colleague Sarah Harrison, was bound for Moscow, where Mr. Snowden remains today after the United States canceled his passport en route. In fact, worried that he would be seen as a spy, Mr. Snowden had hoped merely to pass through Russia on his way to South America, Mr. Assange later recounted, a plan he had not fully endorsed. Russia, he believed, could best protect Mr. Snowden from a C. I. A. kidnapping, or worse. “Now I thought, and in fact advised Edward Snowden, that he would be safest in Moscow,” Mr. Assange told the news program Democracy Now. Years earlier, during a November 2010 meeting with New York Times journalists negotiating for access to the diplomatic cables, Mr. Assange had mused about seeking refuge in Russia. Anticipating the likely fallout from the cables’ release, Mr. Assange spoke of relocating to Russia and setting up WikiLeaks there. His associates were openly skeptical of the idea, given the Kremlin’s ruthless surveillance apparatus and tight control over the news media. That Mr. Assange would now advise Mr. Snowden to travel that path is a measure not just of his worldview, but also of his circumstances and personality, friends and former colleagues say. Suelette Dreyfus, a longtime friend of Mr. Assange’s and an academic who studies   says his sole motivation is a   belief that governments and other large and powerful institutions must be held in check to safeguard the rights of individuals. “This is not an   fight,” she said, though “it is being presented as such by people with an agenda. But even as other longtime supporters continue to see Mr. Assange as a courageous crusader  —   “a moral individual in a world of mass societies,” as one put it  —   they say he can be vain and childlike, with a tendency to see the world as divided into those who support him and those who do not. During his time isolated in the Ecuadorean Embassy, under constant surveillance, his instinctive mistrust of the West hardened even as he became increasingly numb to the abuses of the Kremlin, which he viewed as a “bulwark against Western imperialism,” said one supporter, who like many others asked for anonymity for fear of angering Mr. Assange. Another person who collaborated with WikiLeaks in the past added: “He views everything through the prism of how he’s treated. America and Hillary Clinton have caused him trouble, and Russia never has. ” The result has been a “  confrontation with the U. S. A. ,” Daniel   who before quitting WikiLeaks in 2010 was one of Mr. Assange’s closest partners, has said. And the beneficiary of that confrontation, played out in a series of public statements by Mr. Assange and strategically timed document releases by WikiLeaks, has often been Mr. Putin. While the release of the Democratic Party documents appears to be the first time WikiLeaks has published material that United States officials assert was stolen by Russian intelligence, the agendas of WikiLeaks and Mr. Putin have repeatedly dovetailed since Mr. Assange fled to the embassy. Mr. Assange has at times offered mild criticisms of the Putin government. In a 2011 interview, for instance, he spoke of the “Putinization” of Russia. On Twitter, he has also called attention to Pussy Riot, the punk band whose members were jailed after taking on Mr. Putin. But for the most part, Mr. Assange has remained silent about some of the Russian president’s harshest moves. It was Mr. Snowden, for instance, not Mr. Assange, who took to Twitter in July to denounce a law giving the Kremlin sweeping new surveillance powers. Mr. Assange, asked during Wednesday’s interview about the new law and others like it, acknowledged that Russia had undergone “creeping authoritarianism. ” But he suggested that “that same development” had occurred in the United States. Mr. Assange has also taken a decidedly   view of hostilities in Ukraine, where the Obama administration has accused Mr. Putin of supporting the separatists. The United States, Mr. Assange told an Argentine newspaper in March of last year, has been the one meddling there, fomenting unrest by “trying to draw Ukraine into the Western orbit, to pluck it out of Russia’s sphere of influence. ” After the annexation of Crimea, he said Washington and its intelligence allies had “annexed the whole world” through global surveillance. Like Mr. Trump, who stood to gain from the Democratic Party leak, Mr. Assange supported Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, and he has repeatedly gone after NATO  —   taking on two organizations that Mr. Putin would like nothing more than to defang or dismantle. In September 2014, for instance, Mr. Assange wrote on Twitter about what he called the “corrupt deal” that Turkey engineered to force the suppression of a   television station in Denmark in return for allowing that country’s prime minister, Anders Fogh Rasmussen, to take the helm of NATO. The timing of his Twitter post was curious on two fronts. It relied on a diplomatic cable that had garnered headlines when WikiLeaks released it four years earlier. And it followed a monthslong tit for tat between Mr. Rasmussen and Mr. Putin, with the Russian president taking the NATO chief to task for secretly recording their private conversation, and Mr. Rasmussen accusing Mr. Putin of playing a “double game” in Ukraine by issuing conciliatory statements while massing troops on the border and shipping weapons to the separatists. Mr. Assange again recycled the story this past June  —   days after President Petro O. Poroshenko of Ukraine named Mr. Rasmussen a special adviser  —   this time via a video appearance at a Russian media forum attended by Mr. Putin and timed to coincide with the 75th anniversary of the Soviet Information Bureau. Then there are the leaks themselves. Some, such as hacked Church of Scientology documents, are of no obvious benefit to the Russians. But many are. The organization has published leaks of material from Saudi Arabia and Turkey, which are United States allies, but also to varying degrees from authoritarian regimes. The leaks came during times of heightened tension between those countries and Russia. The Saudi documents, for instance, which highlighted efforts to manipulate world opinion about the kingdom, were published months after Mr. Putin accused the Saudis of holding down oil prices to harm the economies of Russia and its allies Iran and Venezuela. Another set of leaks indirectly benefited Rosatom, Russia’s   atomic energy company. Those documents detailed a “corrupt    war by Western and Chinese companies”  —   including Rosatom’s chief competitors  —   to obtain uranium and other mining rights in the Central African Republic. WikiLeaks seems aware of a perception problem when it comes to Russia. When Russia Today began broadcasting Mr. Assange’s television program, he joked in a statement that it would be used to “smear” him: “Assange is a hopeless Kremlin stooge!” And Sunshine Press, the group’s public relations voice, pointed out that in 2012 WikiLeaks also published an archive it called the Syria files  —   more than two million emails from and about the government of President Bashar   whom Russia is supporting in Syria’s civil war. Yet at the time of the release, Mr. Assange’s associate, Ms. Harrison, characterized the material as “embarrassing to Syria, but it is also embarrassing to Syria’s opponents. ” Since then, Mr. Assange has accused the United States of deliberately destabilizing Syria, but has not publicly criticized human rights abuses by Mr. Assad and Russian forces fighting there. Many of the documents WikiLeaks has published are classified, such as a C. I. A. tutorial on how to maintain cover in foreign airports. But what may be WikiLeaks’ most intriguing release of secret documents involved what is, on the surface, a less sensational topic: trade negotiations. From November 2013 to May 2016, WikiLeaks published documents describing internal deliberations on two trade pacts: the   Partnership, which would liberalize trade between the United States, Japan and 10 other Pacific Rim countries, and the Trade in Services Agreement, an accord between the United States, 21 other countries and the European Union. Russia, which was excluded, has been the most vocal opponent of the pacts, with Mr. Putin portraying them as an effort to give the United States an unfair leg up in the global economy. The drafts released by WikiLeaks stirred controversy among environmentalists, advocates of internet freedom and privacy, labor leaders and corporate governance watchdogs, among others. They also stoked populist resentment against free trade that has become an important factor in American and European politics. The material was released at critical moments, with the apparent aim of thwarting negotiations, American trade officials said. WikiLeaks highlighted the domestic and international discord on its Twitter accounts. American negotiators assumed that the leaks had come from a party at the table seeking leverage. Then in July 2015, on the day American and Japanese negotiators were working out the final details of the   Partnership, came what WikiLeaks dubbed its “Target Tokyo” release. Relying on   N. S. A. documents, the release highlighted 35 American espionage targets in Japan, including cabinet members and trade negotiators, as well as companies like Mitsubishi. The trade accord was finally agreed on  —   though it has not been ratified by the United States Senate  —   but the document release threw a wrench into the talks. “The lesson for Japan is this: Do not expect a global surveillance superpower to act with honor or respect,” Mr. Assange said in a news release at the time. “There is only one rule: There are no rules. ” Because of the files’ provenance, United States intelligence officials assumed that Mr. Assange had gotten his hands on some of the N. S. A. documents copied by Mr. Snowden. But in an interview, Glenn Greenwald, one of the two journalists entrusted with the full Snowden archive, said that Mr. Snowden had not given his documents to WikiLeaks and that the “Target Tokyo” documents were not even among those Mr. Snowden had taken. The same is true, Mr. Greenwald said, of another set of N. S. A. intercepts released by WikiLeaks that showed that the United States bugged conversations of United Nations officials and European allies, including private   talks between Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and the United Nations secretary general, Ban  . On Wednesday, Mr. Assange said he had his own separate sources for N. S. A. material. That raises the question of whether another,   N. S. A.   is leaking documents to WikiLeaks, or whether the files were obtained from the outside via a sophisticated cyberespionage operation, possibly sponsored by a state actor. That question was underscored by Mr. Assange’s statement a few weeks ago that he would release the codes that the United States uses to hack others. And that has some former collaborators questioning just who is giving Mr. Assange his information these days. “It’s not in his temperament to be a cat’s paw, and I don’t think he would take anything overtly from the F. S. B. ,” said one, referring to the Russian intelligence agency. “He wouldn’t trust them enough. But if someone could plausibly be seen as a hacker group, he’d be fine. He was never too thorough about checking out sources or motivations. ” In April of this year, the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists unleashed a torrent of articles that reverberated around the world. Based on 11. 5 million leaked documents from a Panamanian law firm that specialized in creating secretive offshore companies, the “Panama Papers” offered a look inside a shadowy world in which banks, law firms and asset management companies help the world’s rich and powerful hide wealth and avoid taxes. It was the largest archive of leaked documents that journalists had ever handled, and so it was no surprise that WikiLeaks initially linked to the consortium’s work on Twitter. But what shocked some of the journalists involved was what WikiLeaks did next. Among the biggest stories was one showing how billions of dollars had wound up in shell companies controlled by one of Mr. Putin’s closest friends, a cellist named Sergei P. Roldugin. Nearly a dozen news organizations, including two of Russia’s last independent newspapers, Vedomosti and Novaya Gazeta, had collaborated in tracing the money. But WikiLeaks seized on the contribution of just one: the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project. In a series of Twitter posts after the revelations about Mr. Roldugin, WikiLeaks questioned the integrity of the reporting, noting that the project had received grants from the Soros Foundation and the United States Agency for International Development. Mr. Assange, in an interview with Al Jazeera, reiterated the suggestion that the consortium, with a   agenda, had   the documents it chose to release. “There was clearly a conscious effort to go with the Putin bashing, North Korea bashing, sanctions bashing, etc. ,” he said. In fact, the consortium’s opening salvo featured many   articles with Western targets, including one on the use of offshore companies in tax havens by the father of   Minister David Cameron of Britain. Another focused on an offshore company set up by the Ukrainian president, Mr. Poroshenko, a Putin enemy. Nevertheless, Mr. Putin seized on WikiLeaks’ take on the controversy to defend himself. He declared that while the articles suggested that “there is this friend of the Russian president, and they say he has done something, probably   in fact there is no corruption involved at all. ” “Besides,” he added, “we now know from WikiLeaks that officials and state agencies in the United States are behind all this. ” Gerard Ryle, the consortium’s director, chalked Mr. Assange’s actions up to professional jealousy. The leaker, who remains anonymous, said in a manifesto in May that the Panama Papers had first been offered to WikiLeaks, but that multiple attempts to contact the organization had gone unanswered. (Mr. Assange said he had no knowledge of that.) But Mr. Soldatov, the Russian investigative journalist, was so furious that he confronted Ms. Harrison, Mr. Assange’s associate, at a journalism conference in Italy the next day. “Many journalists at Novaya Gazeta were killed” after reporting on Mr. Putin’s Russia, he told her, “and now their integrity is questioned by WikiLeaks?” It is striking, Mr. Soldatov said in an interview, that Mr. Snowden, who is stuck in Moscow, is far more willing to criticize Mr. Putin than is Mr. Assange, whom he sees as an apologist. Roman Shleynov, who worked on the project first at Vedmosti and then as an editor at the Organized Crime and Reporting Project, said that he, too, was “at a loss” to explain Mr. Assange’s attack on the Panama Papers. “For me it was a surprise that Mr. Assange was repeating the same excuse that our officials, even back in Soviet days, used to say  —   that it’s all some conspiracy from abroad,” Mr. Shleynov said. “I understand his struggle with the United States,” he added, “but I never thought he’d use our work, the work of Russian journalists, to make such a statement. I respected and still respect what Julian Assange has done, but I have changed my opinion of him as a person. ” Mr. Assange has always insisted, “I am WikiLeaks,” and it seems truer now than ever. Four years into his time at the Ecuadorean Embassy, he is increasingly isolated. Now 45, he lives in two small rooms: an office equipped with a bed, sunlamp, phone, computer, kitchenette, shower, treadmill and bookshelves, and a conference room where he can meet with visitors and oversee the operation with the help of a few dozen employees, mostly in Berlin. One person familiar with the setup called it “a gas station with two attendants. ” Melinda Taylor, one of Mr. Assange’s lawyers, said that he needed dental work and a magnetic resonance imaging scan for a painful shoulder, but that those procedures could not be done inside the embassy for practical and insurance reasons. He also has a vitamin D deficiency from a lack of sunlight, she said, and “severe depression exacerbated” by his legal travails. Mr. Smith, who still supports and visits Mr. Assange, said, “Julian’s a big bloke, with big bones, and he fills the room physically and intellectually. ” “It’s a tiny embassy with a tiny balcony,” he added, “small, hot and with not great air flow, and it must be jolly difficult for everyone there. ” And public spats with   allies are not uncommon. One involves Mr. Assange’s insistence that document troves should be published in their entirety, not curated by journalists who might have agendas. In his interview with The Times on Wednesday, Mr. Assange criticized the Panama Papers consortium for not making all the documents in its possession public, calling it censorship. “It is not the WikiLeaks model,” he said. “In fact, it is the   model. ” WikiLeaks did collaborate with journalists on the war logs and diplomatic cables. But Mr. Assange’s decision to abandon that approach in the name of total transparency is what led Mr. Snowden to work with Mr. Greenwald and another journalist on the N. S. A. revelations. Mr. Snowden felt openness should be balanced with concern for people’s privacy and safety. After the release of the Democratic Party documents this summer, Mr. Snowden criticized WikiLeaks on Twitter for not redacting the Social Security numbers and credit card information of private individuals named in the trove. WikiLeaks shot back on Twitter: “Opportunism won’t earn you a pardon from Clinton  curation is not censorship of ruling party cash flows. ” Mr. Greenwald said of Mr. Assange, “He’s alienated a lot of people. ” “It’s often hard for me to separate my personal views of Julian with my views of WikiLeaks” he added. “I do think on balance WikiLeaks is a force for good. ” Friends can differ, Mr. Assange said in the interview. Still, some of his staunchest supporters, like the heiress Jemima Goldsmith Khan, have turned on him, troubled by what they see as a double standard. In an opinion piece for the New Statesman, Ms. Khan wrote that WikiLeaks, which was created to produce a more just society, “has been guilty of the same obfuscation and misinformation as those it sought to expose. ” In February, Mr. Assange received legal news that he hoped would be a game changer. The United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention ruled that he was being arbitrarily detained and should be released freely and with compensation for the violation of his rights. But the opinion was nonbinding and has been rejected by British and Swedish courts. “The U. S. and the West will hold out a U. N. working group decision when it is in their favor,” said Jennifer Robinson, one of his lawyers. “But when it’s about Julian Assange, they criticize and undermine. ” A few weeks ago came a possible breakthrough: an agreement for Swedish prosecutors to question Mr. Assange about the rape allegations. But Ms. Taylor said that even if the Swedes declined to prosecute, Mr. Assange still feared being held by Britain on   charges and turned over to the United States, where an investigation into his leak activities remains open. “The uncertainty gets to him,” she said. Mr. Assange tries to keep his mind off his troubles with his guitar and a cat given to him by his children, but what really lifts his spirits is publishing new leaks like the Democrats’ files. “The work keeps him going,” said his colleague, Ms. Harrison. Is there an October surprise in his back pocket? “Julian loves misinformation it’s his passion,” Mr. Greenwald said. “He’d likely say this just to make the Clintons uncomfortable. ” For his part, Mr. Assange is looking a bit further on. “Let’s leap forward a couple of years,” he said in the interview. “Let’s imagine that rival intelligence services  —   in the U. S. in China  —   went to settle their conflicts about who is right, who’s the good actor, who’s the bad actor, on a particular situation by presenting the public the truth. “That’s the most amazing advance I can think of. ”",0
19975,"Trump, Tillerson, Venezuela: Your Thursday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. A new plot twist in a Washington drama: Two White House officials helped Devin Nunes, the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, view the secret reports that showed incidental surveillance of the Trump campaign. Several U. S. officials identified the pair as Ezra   the senior director for intelligence at the National Security Council, and Michael Ellis, who works at the White House Counsel’s Office. In the evening, we learned that Michael Flynn, the   national security adviser, had offered to talk to congressional investigators, if he is granted immunity. _____ 2. President Trump spent part of the day inciting fellow Republicans. “The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don’t get on the team,  fast,” he wrote on Twitter. The bloc’s foiling of the health care bill has rekindled the civil war between the party’s establishment and   conservatives like Representative Dave Brat of Virginia, above. In the Senate, Vice President Mike Pence cast the deciding “yea” vote on a measure to allow states to block funding to clinics that perform abortions. _____  3. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is heading to his first NATO meeting, after meeting with the Turkish president. Mr. Tillerson showered praise on the Turkish government, which has been accused of authoritarian tactics. But he got an earful over U. S. support for Kurdish forces in Iraq and Syria. _____ 4. Just two months into the Trump presidency, the U. S. military is becoming more involved in a string of complex wars that lack clear endgames  —   and often endanger civilians. In the latest case, Mr. Trump relaxed engagement rules for counterterrorism strikes in Somalia, preparing to escalate the campaign against the   Islamist group  Shabab. Above, a child in a cholera center in Baidoa, Somalia, just a few miles from Shabab territory. _____ 5. Uproar on opposite sides of the world. In South Korea, the ousted president, Park   was arrested on criminal charges of bribery and abuse of power. And in Venezuela, there was a big step toward   rule under the leftist president, Nicolás Maduro, as his loyalists on the Supreme Court effectively dissolved the elected legislature. _____ 6. North Carolina’s legislature passed a bill to repeal its “bathroom bill,” and the governor immediately signed it. The repeal, ending public bathroom rules aimed at transgender people, does not satisfy many critics. And it’s not yet clear whether it will reverse a national backlash from companies, entertainers and sports leagues  —   most notably the N. C. A. A.  —   that boycotted the state, calling the law discriminatory. _____ 7. “Sometimes I think they’ll come again, even here. I have nightmares  —   they’re coming to kill me, they’re coming to kill me. ” That    girl is one of 130, 000 people who fled the Islamist militants of Boko Haram, only to find themselves stuck along a barren desert highway in Niger, near the Nigerian border. It’s a literal road to nowhere. Begun by a Chinese oil company, construction stopped two years ago after attacks spiked. _____ 8. A vanguard of prosecutors across the country has jettisoned the traditional  ’  approach and embraced alternatives to harsh punishment. Some are facing a backlash from law enforcement groups and more conservative politicians. Among them is Aramis Ayala, the new chief prosecutor in Orlando, who announced this month that she would no longer seek the death penalty. _____ 9. A first for the space industry: SpaceX launched a commercial satellite into space with the boost of a partly used rocket, a feat that may open an era of cheaper space travel. And it might be able to be used again, because the rocket returned in one piece, landing on a floating platform in the Atlantic. _____ 10. A revival of the 1978 musical “Zoot Suit” is a smash hit in Los Angeles, where fans have been showing up decked out in vintage gear. The production, which was also adapted for film, is a fantastical reimagining of the   Sleepy Lagoon murder case in 1942, in which   youths were unjustly convicted by a biased judge. “We still have some of the same problems,” said Leka Im, above left with her twin sister Lekit. “This is something we all need to see to understand L. A. ” _____ 11. Finally, dive into a futuristic whodunit: “Ghost in the Shell,” a   movie adaptation of a Japanese comic book, in theaters this weekend. The director, Rupert Sanders, discusses a scene featuring Scarlett Johansson, who plays a   character who physically walks through a geisha robot’s digital memories to figure out how the robot was hacked. Have a great night. Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
19976,Do Preschool Teachers Really Need to Be College Graduates? - The New York Times,"In Washington, D. C. teachers at child care centers will soon join preschool teachers in needing college degrees  —   one of a series of policies nationwide requiring higher education for the people who take care of young children. Advocates say it’s a way to ensure that teachers are qualified to nurture children at a crucial phase of development. They cite evidence that   early childhood education helps children, especially disadvantaged ones, for the rest of their lives  —   but that   preschool can hurt more than none at all. Critics, meanwhile, say there is nothing about taking care of young children that requires a college education. Mandating such credentials, they say, only makes child care even less affordable and reduces the supply and diversity of people able to do the job. The debate has become more urgent as researchers have discovered that children develop wide achievement gaps well before kindergarten, which fuels inequality. Yet teaching and caring for young children is still considered a   job. So what does the data show? Teachers’ level of education is associated with   care and teaching, and there is no evidence that it doesn’t matter. However, there is also no clear evidence that it’s necessary, or sufficient on its own, without being combined with other policies  —   particularly paying teachers higher wages. “Is it just that teachers have degrees? No, it’s all this other stuff,” said Steven Barnett, director of the National Institute for Early Education Research at Rutgers. “But by the same token, there’s no evidence that excellent quality would happen if the teachers don’t receive the education and the compensation that goes with it. ” In 2015, the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine called for all preschool teachers to have a bachelor’s degree in early childhood development or education, but added, “A policy requirement for a degree implemented in isolation, without addressing other workforce development considerations, would be insufficient to yield these improvements. ” Of the 57     programs (some states have more than one) 33 require that lead teachers have a bachelor’s degree, according to the Rutgers institute. And   of teachers in Head Start, a federal program, now have college degrees, exceeding a requirement introduced 10 years ago that half of the program’s teachers have such a credential. The new policy in Washington expands the rules beyond   programs, requiring that directors of licensed child care centers or preschools have bachelor’s degrees and that teachers have   associate degrees. One of the challenges in assessing the policies is that there has never been a large   study, like a controlled trial that randomly placed children in a classroom with a   teacher or not  —   and that also controlled for other variables that influence quality. Many studies have looked at whether teacher education is correlated with quality programs, and they have mostly found that it is. Still, it’s impossible to disentangle whether the teachers’ degrees caused the quality to improve or, more likely, whether it was a combination of factors, including compensation, class size,   ratios, classroom atmosphere, curriculum, leadership and continuing education. The studies have also not answered whether a teacher’s major makes a difference, or if a   degree is more helpful than a   one. “You can have the best degree in the world, but you get into a program that has high turnover or a bad director, and you can’t necessarily apply what you know,” said Marcy Whitebook, director of the Center for the Study of Child Care Employment at the University of California, Berkeley, and a former preschool teacher. Studies of public early childhood programs, including in New Jersey and Oklahoma, have found positive outcomes for children when the teachers had college degrees. But since they all had degrees, it’s unclear whether the degree is what helped, something else or a combination. Several   by different researchers analyzing dozens of studies have found positive and statistically significant relationships between teachers’ education and the quality of care and children’s outcomes. But each of the researchers emphasized that the studies could not determine that education caused the difference. “The professionalization of the early childhood sector through more qualified staff may lead to significant gains for children and their families,” Matthew Manning of Australian National University and his   wrote in an analysis, published in January, of 48 studies from various countries. “However, the evidence is from correlational studies, so evidence is needed from studies with designs which can assess causal effects. ” One   of seven studies did not find an overall positive relationship: In two of the studies, it found that quality was higher when the teacher had a bachelor’s degree, but in one study the quality was lower, and in four it was unaffected. Yet the researchers, from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, said there was no way to measure the quality of education the teachers received, which in some cases happened three decades earlier, or whether the schools in which they taught had the resources for them to implement what they learned. Because preschool and child care teachers are paid so little, if people working in or entering the field get college degrees, they eventually take   jobs in elementary schools instead, several analyses have found. The average salary for an early childhood teacher with a bachelor’s degree is $27, 200 to $42, 800, depending on the setting and children’s age, while the average salary for an elementary teacher with the same education is $56, 100, according to the Berkeley center. Access to child care is already insufficient, experts say, and researchers fear that requiring a degree would turn away potential teachers, particularly those who are not white or   at a time when the student population is diversifying. Yet if preschools raise wages enough to make a college degree worth it, the cost could get passed on to parents, possibly making it unaffordable for   families and widening the gap in access, according to Pamela Kelley and Gregory Camilli of Rutgers. There are some efforts to provide scholarships and raise wages. But ultimately, it would probably require something the United States has long resisted: universal public financing of early childhood education. “Compensation policy has to go along with this,” Mr. Barnett said. “If it doesn’t, then really there isn’t any reason to do it. ”",0
19977,"U.S. Presidential Race, Rio Olympics, Milwaukee: Your Monday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Donald Trump vowed to “defeat radical Islamic terrorism” in a speech to enthusiastic supporters in Ohio. He said President Obama and Hillary Clinton had failed to protect the country, and he called for “extreme vetting” of potential immigrants and alliances with any nation willing to fight the Islamic State. At the same time, there was new scrutiny of Mr. Trump’s campaign manager, Paul Manafort, after   investigators in Ukraine found secret ledgers designating more than $12 million in payments to him from a   party. Mr. Manafort’s lawyer said no such payments were received. _____ 2. Vice President Joe Biden received a warm welcome as he campaigned with Hillary Clinton in Scranton, Pa. his hometown and that of her father. He warned bluntly that Mr. Trump was a threat to national security and the NATO alliance, saying, “This guy’s shame has no limits. ” _____ 3. The mother of an American Olympian described how the Brazilian authorities blew up her suitcase, fearing a bomb: “Some of the clothes were salvageable, but some were melted. Some had holes. My American flag was melted. ” Despite such screenings and the surge of tens of thousands of   agents in Rio, the Games have seen an unusually high number of crimes, including the gunpoint robbery of Ryan Lochte and several other swimmers. Brazilians fear violence in the troubled city will explode when the competition ends and the extra officers go home. _____ 4. American gymnasts won two more medals: Laurie Hernandez, the youngest member of the U. S. team, took the silver medal on the balance beam, and Simone Biles earned bronze, her fourth medal. The running world marveled at Usain Bolt’s third consecutive Olympic gold in the   dash. And the Games crowned a new superstar: Ans Botha, above center, the   who coaches Wayde van Niekerk, the South African runner to the left above, who smashed a    record in the 400 meters. Our full coverage of the Games is here. _____ 5. Good news: Scientists discovered that a coral reef they’d given up for dead had returned to vibrant life. “Everything looked just magnificent,” said a scientist who led an expedition to the reef this month. The reef’s recovery offers hope for other reefs damaged by warming ocean temperatures. _____ 6. Firefighters, the National Guard, the Coast Guard and ordinary citizens joined forces with rescuers in southern Louisiana, racing to pluck people to safety before   flooding worsened. The death toll rose to at least six and four parishes have been declared disaster areas. More than 20, 000 people have been evacuated, 11, 000 are in shelters and the authorities say the numbers will grow. Rain continues to pelt the area. _____ 7. Milwaukee plans to aggressively enforce a curfew of 10 p. m. for teenagers under 17, and the National Guard remains on standby. The city is struggling to quell a burst of unrest in the neighborhood of Sherman Park after a    armed suspect was fatally shot by a    police officer, both black. “We’re going to make sure that there is peace and order restored to this neighborhood,” said the mayor, Tom Barrett. Above, a prayer vigil. _____ 8. Comedy Central canceled the   “Nightly Show With Larry Wilmore. ” That’s the latest in two years of shakeouts in   television set off by the loss of David Letterman, Jay Leno, Jon Stewart and “The Colbert Report. ” Mr. Wilmore said he was saddened not to be covering the election and surprised that what he calls “The Unblackening” of the White House would be “happening to my time slot as well. ” _____ 9. There were more pleas for help for some two million people trapped in the besieged Syrian city of Aleppo, above. Russian officials offered hope for greater aid access, saying they were near an agreement with the U. S. to combine forces against the Islamic State. U. S. officials made no comment. In Yemen, where a Saudi bombing campaign against Houthi militias has resumed, Doctors Without Borders said an airstrike on one of its hospitals had left at least 15 people dead. _____ 10. The bidding is over and we should know soon who will own Gawker Media. The company filed for bankruptcy and put itself up for sale after being hit with a $140 million legal judgment in an    lawsuit by the former wrestler Hulk Hogan. Among the likeliest top bidders: Ziff Davis, Univision, New York magazine, Penske Media and Vox Media. _____ 11. Finally, “Young people are not interested in becoming indebted in the way that their parents are or were. ” So says an expert on the payment industry, commenting on Federal Reserve data showing a more than    in the percentage of Americans under 35 with credit card debt. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s the Weekend Briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
19978,THE POLLS CAN NO LONGER BE RIGGED THIS ELECTION,"We Are Change 
In this video Luke Rudkowski interviews Matt a computer programmer who’s allowing everyone to run there own election polls. Already 800,000 people in the U.S were independently polled and the findings contradict the main stream media polls.
https://www.callforamerica.com/ 
The post THE POLLS CAN NO LONGER BE RIGGED THIS ELECTION appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
19979,Smart Meter Case Testimony Before the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission: What No One Wants to Acknowledge About EMF Damage,"By Catherine J. Frompovich 
Part 1 of 4 
The following is the testimony I will present pro se [without a lawyer representing me] to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission’s Administrative Law Court, November 2 and 3, 2016 as a result of my not permitting an AMI Smart Meter to be retrofitted on to my electric service by PECO, an Exelon Company that provides electricity and service to the suburban Philadelphia where I live. 
This testimony addresses most of the health, legal, and constitutional issues, plus the politics involved regarding the unsafe and RF/EMF cancer-causing technology forced on consumers, along with threats of no electric service if utility customers refuse an AMI Smart Meter. 
There are four parts to the entire testimony that was 18 pages long plus 195 pages of Exhibits A-1 thru W, and other documentation I had in my brief case (not presented but as backup, if needed) that totaled in excess of three to four hundred pages of scientific documentation, published research, etc. 
Personally, I think after reading the entire testimony, which will appear in four parts, readers can understand what’s involved with unsafe, fire-prone, and RF/EMF/dirty electricity-producing AMI Smart Meters when for decades utilities provided safe, non-plastic parts analog meters. Before the Administrative Law Court at the PA Public Utility Commission Philadelphia, PA – November 2 & 3, 2016 
Your Honor, Judge Heep and Judge Pell, Members of the PA PUC, PECO Energy Company, the Exelon legal team, and all interested parties: 
Since today is the rescheduled postponed June 27, 2016 hearing and for which I, Catherine J Frompovich, submitted written testimony five days in advance of that previous hearing as per court rules, I have decided to revise and include additional testimony interspersed into the previous 75 pages (10 pages of testimony and 65 pages of Exhibits A thru Q) that I submitted via the U.S. Postal Service and which all parties received, I presume. 
However, in view of the paramount importance, plus dire consequences, of EMFs/RFs being forced onto Pennsylvania consumers with no opt-out for personal safety and protection from 24/7/365 non-ionizing radiation emitted by AMI Smart Meters microwave technology, and my being a five-year breast cancer survivor, I submit into testimony and evidence that the PA PUC and all participating Pennsylvania utilities, not just PECO as in my case, must factor in the American with Disabilities Act Amendments, which redefine cancer as a disability, especially since there are cancer-causing effects from EMFs/RFs about which I submit into the record hundreds of documented scientific evidence as dozens of Exhibits per the Schedule of Exhibits I now introduce, plus printed documents I have with me in support of the four-page Bibliography of Pertinent Published Literature Regarding Electromagnetic Radiation, Cancer & AMI Smart Meters that I also submit into the record as Exhibit S . 
Since the ADA Amendments Act provides for three “prongs” of what constitutes a disability, I am submitting into evidence a printout titled “Americans with Disability Act Amendments Act (ADAAA)” pointing out appropriate and applicable sections Exhibit A-1 ; a two-page printout titled “ADA Amendments redefine cancer as a disability” Exhibit A-2 ; along with a 43-page dossier containing about 240 published studies regarding BREAST and Other Cancers and EMF/ELF/RF Cancer Studies Exhibit A-3 ; and topping off those documents with a two-page letter dated 2 August 2016 from the foremost EMF/RF researchers, physicians and academics in the WORLD written to the North Carolina Utilities Commission Exhibit A-4 wherein in the third paragraph they state: 
Smart meters and cell phones occupy similar frequency bands of the electromagnetic spectrum, meaning that cell phone research can apply to smart meter RFR. Smart meter RFR consists of frequent, very intense but very brief pulses throughout the day. Because smart meter exposure over a 24 hour period can be very prolonged ( pulses can average 9,600 times a day ), and because there is building evidence that the sharp, high intensity pulses are particularly harmful , the cell phone study findings are applicable when discussing adverse health impacts from smart meters. 
Those five researchers, David Carpenter, MD, Director, Institute for Health and the Environment, University of Albany Dr Lennart Hardell, MD, PhD, Professor, Department of Oncology, University Hospital Orebro, Sweden Dr Magda Havas, BSC, PhD, Environmental & Resources Studies. Trent University, Canada Dr Martha Herbert, MD, PhD, Assistant Professor of Neurology, Harvard Medical School, Pediatric Neurologist and Neuroscientist at the Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston Dr Sam Milham, MD, MPH, Former chief epidemiologist, Washington State Department of Health 
point out in the last sentence of the first paragraph, “… it is imperative that the North Carolina Utilities Commission be fully aware of the harm that RFR can cause and allow utility customers to opt out of smart meter installation with no penalty.” 
Frompovich respectfully points out, and also cautions the PA PUC, that in not permitting opt outs from AMI Smart Meters in Pennsylvania during formulating its AMI SM regulations, since HB2200 stated AMI SMs were NOT to be mandated , it has breached ethical and legal standards regarding unsafe AMI SMs regarding the RFRs they emit. Various states have permitted safe electric power usage by granting and implementing AMI SMs opt outs, which the PA PUC deliberately refused in formulating its utility regulations regarding AMI SMs thereby subjecting consumers to unknown adverse health effects which, in essence, violate the Nuremberg Code since consumers’ consent was not required nor asked, and their use apparently amounts to an experiment on PECO’s customers. 
Again, Frompovich points to the letter addressed to the NCUC Exhibit A-4 at the end of the second paragraph wherein those researchers cite the U.S. NTP June 2016 study Conclusion in part stating “…adds proof to the conclusions from the human health studies that radiofrequency radiation increases risk of cancer .” 
Frompovich further elaborates that cell phone RFR exposure is elective , i.e., depending upon personal choice, use, and an individual’s ability to turn off cell phones, thereby reducing and/or avoiding similar frequency microwave bands and RFRs exposures both cell phones and AMI SMs produce. 
However, harmful personal bodily RFR exposure has been mandated by PA PUC Regulations—not HB2200/Act 129 (2008) and, therefore, is absolutely illegal, since Act 129 does not defy nor negate the Pennsylvania state constitution’s “Inherent Rights of Mankind, Section 1”, but it’s the Commonwealth’s regulatory agency—the PA PUC—that is guilty of nonfulfillment, I allege: 
All men [and women] are born equally free and independent, and have certain inherent and indefeasible rights, among which are those of enjoying and defending life and liberty, of acquiring, possessing and protecting property and reputation , and of pursuing their own happiness. … Pennsylvania Constitution, Section 1. 
However, contrary to that Pennsylvania constitutional right is the fact that mandated AMI Smart Meter RFR exposure, because of no opt outs in Pennsylvania specifically via PA PUC Regulations not Act 129, literally provides no way to escape and/or avoid AMI SMs microwave RFRs. That is illegal and should be prosecuted criminally, Frompovich contends. Furthermore, the PA PUC overstepped its agency powers and, Frompovich contends, is guilty of committing ultra vires during its rulemaking process. 
The above five researchers Exhibit A-4 delineate cell phone and Smart Meters as basically the same “animal” because both occupy similar frequency bands on the electromagnetic spectrum! See paragraph 3 of their letter to the NCUC for more detail, including that Smart Meters over a 24-hour period can average 9,600 pulses a day causing high intensity pulses known as “dirty electricity .” 
I submit into the record Exhibit A-5 Dirty Electricity or Dirty Power and the 10-page report “Why Are Electromagnetic Fields Dangerous? – Is Dirty Electricity Making You Sick?” including 2 charts [ Table 1 Ranking Electric Meters and Table 2 Ranking Electric Meters for Risk of Privacy and Cyber Security] from the 20-page report “Ranking Electricity Meters for Risk to Health, Privacy, and Cyber Security,” available online at https://www.scribd.com/doc/289782183/Ranking-Electricity-Meters-for-Risk-to-Health-Privacy-and-Cyber-Security . 
The KEY dispute and multi-faceted issue of concern in Frompovich’s case – being a breast cancer survivor in excess of five years – is her free and legal exercise of legal and constitutional rights to be free of the fear, exposure to cancer-causing EMFs, and/or actuality of contracting cancer due to AMI SM RFR exposures 24/7/365 in her home—something that the ADA Amendments Act indisputably encompass, since once a cancer patient that makes Frompovich covered within one of the ADAAA prongs for all time, and also includes Frompovich’s indefeasible right to protect property— both her home and her personal body and its life processes —including her reputation. 
That federal ADAAA must be factored into Frompovich’s case since PECO has obtained federal grant monies to implement its AMI Smart Meters rollout, and the law states that any business that accepts federal grant money is mandated to abide by the ADAAA, including state regulatory agencies like the PA PUC. 
Frompovich’s refusal of an AMI SM, plus her human and innate right to protect her health, body and property, are more than confirmed when those five researchers point out “… the strongest evidence for hazards coming from RFR is cancer , there is a growing body of evidence that some people develop a condition called electrohypersensitivity (EHS).” See paragraph 4 of the letter to NCUC Exhibit A-4 . 
On page 2, paragraph 1 of that same letter, the researchers further point out a dichotomy in science, which is the very fact that independent research versus industry research studies are at coincidental, if not predictable , variances, as per the chart I raise up and submit into the record , a double-sided poster “Radiofrequency Research: Does Funding Matter,” which shows two pie charts depicting those conflicting statistics. 
Non-industry studies indicate 70% harmful effects with 30% no effects, while industry studies indicate 32 % harmful effects with 68% no effects! Statistically, that’s almost a wash, as each just about cancels the other, however, there’s a slight edge of 2% from non-industry studies indicating harmful effects. More interestingly, though, is that industry studies DID find 32% harmful effects studies—almost one-third of the studies and, yet, the industry concludes differently stating there are none! That alone should be a red flag for them, or anyone of scientific mind, to investigate further and they did not, which indicates some sort of collusion of not wanting to know or find out. Is that a crime of omission or collusion? 
Paragraph 2 on page 2 of that letter Exhibit A-4 cites the obvious CRUX of scientific and ethical issues regarding AMI Smart Meters in Pennsylvania, in particular, stating “With a leading [NC] DHHS staff member admitting that he is not qualified to review the literature, and the fact that he relied on industry representatives for assistance, the DHHS conclusion is not surprising.” 
Frompovich feels compelled to question how much of that microwave technology industry representative assistance occurred, and still occurs, with and from PECO and the PA PUC, thereby illegally depriving Frompovich and all Pennsylvanians of their rights to protect their health and property, along with the exercise of redress against what amounts to experimental AMI Smart Meter science whose proponents wantonly do not recognize non-thermal adverse health effects from RFRs, which have been known since 1932! I introduce Exhibit T Electrosensitivity (ES) and Electromagnetic Hyper-sensitivity (EHS) into the record to document that in 1962, 1979, 2009 and 2015 various health issues have been identified with EMF non-thermal exposures. 
Your Honors, I respectfully ask the court to instruct PECO to produce the experimental studies, rather than epidemiological studies, indicating no non-thermal effects from EMFs/RFs. Where’s the science? 
Aren’t PECO’s customers entitled to have that evidence? 
Frompovich also feels compelled to ask this court the following: How much influence did the microwave industry contribute to PA State Representative Robert Godshall’s campaign coffers and/or his preferred charities that apparently has enabled Godshall, as Chair of the PA House Consumer Affairs Committee, to sit on opt out bills in the PA legislature for several legislative sessions, including Godshall’s verbal proclamations to others that he will never bring opt out bills to the floor for a vote, which obviously is an impeachable offence for depriving Pennsylvanians of their right to redress government and government agency oppressions that enable utility companies to harass and bully customers about cutting off electric service if they refuse fire-prone AMI SMs in Pennsylvania. 
Here’s what other U.S. states have done regarding AMI Smart Meters: 
Analog meters are definitively offered as the opt-out meter in four states: Arizona, California, Maine, and Texas. The Nevada public service commission urges the utilities to provide the meter that will have the “greatest customer acceptance,” which, clearly, is the analog. 
Three states offer the “existing meter” as the opt-out meter. An existing meter might or might not be analog. Georgia, Hawaii, and Consumers Energy in Michigan. 
Three states let the utility decide: Florida, Maryland, and Nevada. The Nevada public service commission urges the utilities to provide the meter that will have the “greatest customer acceptance,” which, clearly, is the analog. 
Four states or utilities definitively forbid analog opt-outs: Fountain in Colorado, DTE in Michigan, Central Hudson Valley in New York (AMR), and Port Angeles in Washington (touted as the first place to ban smart meters—not much help you are required to have a digital meter on your home!). 
Two states/districts require smart meters: Pennsylvania and Washington, DC. 
Source: http://www.smartmetereducationnetwork.com/optout-status-other-states.php 
Continued in Part 2. 
Catherine J Frompovich ( website ) is a retired natural nutritionist who earned advanced degrees in Nutrition and Holistic Health Sciences, Certification in Orthomolecular Theory and Practice plus Paralegal Studies. Her work has been published in national and airline magazines since the early 1980s. Catherine authored numerous books on health issues along with co-authoring papers and monographs with physicians, nurses, and holistic healthcare professionals. She has been a consumer healthcare researcher 35 years and counting.",0
19980,Japan’s Prime Minister Calls for ‘Free and Fair’ Trade During Trump Visit,"Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe called for “free and fair” trade deals in Asia, echoing Donald Trump’s promise to America when he campaigned against the   Partnership (TPP). [Abe, of course, was an active supporter of the deal drafted by former President Obama, but he signaled a different approach during his visit.  “Free and fair common set of rules should be created for the free trade in the region,” Abe said, according to a translator during a press conference at the White House with Trump on Friday. The prime minister appeared optimistic that he could discuss the possibility of a bilateral trade deal with Trump. Trump hinted that he wanted to do something about China’s devalued currency to bring about a more level playing field, especially on trade issues. “That’s the only way that you can fairly compete in trade and other things,” he said. “And we will be on that field, and we will all be working very hard to do great for our country. But it has to be fair, and we will make it fair. ” After the press conference, the two leaders released a statement noting that they would continue discussing “a bilateral framework” as well as regional economic stability. Abe said he was looking forward to his weekend at    with Trump and commented about golf. “We will play golf together,” he said. “My scores in golf are not up to the level of Donald at all. ”",0
19982,SETI officially announce Extraterrestrial signals,"0 
SOURCES AND MIRRORS CAN BE FOUND IN THE YOUTUBE DESCRIPTION. 
Google 'Discovery of Peculiar Periodic Spectral Modulations in a Small Fraction of Solar-type Stars' to find the paper. 
On October 10, 2016 a paper titled 'Discovery of peculiar periodic spectral modulations in a small fraction of solar type stars' was submitted by E.F. Borra and E. Trottier. The paper discusses signals from under 300 stars that directly point to extraterrestrial intelligence. Since the release of the paper it has been rarely discussed in the media although it's huge news. If you enjoy this video please like, share and subscribe to QUFOSR. Tags",0
19983,NATIONAL ANTHEM PROTESTS LEADING CAUSE FOR NFL RATINGS DROP,"Home › SOCIETY | US NEWS › NATIONAL ANTHEM PROTESTS LEADING CAUSE FOR NFL RATINGS DROP NATIONAL ANTHEM PROTESTS LEADING CAUSE FOR NFL RATINGS DROP 0 SHARES [10/18/16] There are many reasons why the NFL’s ratings are down in 2016. You may be dismissive of the very idea that the backlash to the national anthem protests, sparked by the 49ers’ Colin Kaepernick, has played a role in the NFL’s TV ratings, which have dropped by about 12 percent year-over-year. To continue to dismiss that is to blatantly ignore legitimate data on the subject. 
A fresh poll from Seton Hall surveyed 841 adults across the U.S. Each respondent was asked to identify seven separate factors as a reason for the NFL ratings drop, allowing them to answer “yes” or “no” for each of them. The leading factor, according to the poll, was the national anthem protests, which scored “yes” at a rate of 56 percent. 
Other answers also scored “yes” at a high rate, including 50 percent of “yeses” for coverage of the presidential election, 47 percent for the league’s handling of domestic violence cases, 44 percent for the over-saturation of the market, 39 percent for increased interest in postseason baseball, and 33 percent for controversy over head injuries and player safety. 
Interestingly enough, the lowest score, tied with player safety at 33 percent, was “a decline in quality of play on the field.” Many would cite this as the overriding factor to all of this, and it certainly is factoring in. Post navigation",0
19984,"‘Zoot Suit,’ a Pioneering Chicano Play, Comes Full Circle - The New York Times","LOS ANGELES  —   When “Zoot Suit” first opened at the Mark Taper Forum in 1978, little about the production screamed hit. Much of the cast had scant acting experience. The story itself was a Brechtian take on a relatively obscure unsolved murder in 1942 Los Angeles its climax involved a humiliating assault on a Latino man by racist United States servicemen. Just a decade earlier, its writer and director, Luis Valdez, was creating short skits for audiences of striking farmworkers in the fields of the Central Valley in California. But audiences kept coming, and coming, selling out show after packed show. Fans came one week and returned with their families the next Jerry Garcia of the Grateful Dead is said to have seen the play 22 times. After running for 11 months to   audiences, first at the Taper and then at the Aquarius Theater in Hollywood, “Zoot Suit” moved to New York’s Winter Garden in 1979, where it became the first Chicano theatrical production on Broadway. Mr. Valdez then directed a   version, which was released in 1982. “We had no idea any of this would happen, man,” he said. “It was like this huge explosion. ” On Tuesday, Jan. 31, a revival of “Zoot Suit” begins its run at the Taper, kicking off the theater’s   season. A fantastical reimagining of the   Sleepy Lagoon murder case, in which 12 Latino youths were unjustly convicted by a biased judge, “Zoot Suit” features racist prosecutors and lovelorn kids, lively swing tunes and family squabbles. The infamous Zoot Suit riots, a series of racially motivated attacks against   youths in the summer of 1943, figures in as well. Looming over it all is El Pachuco, a mythical trickster figure who can stop time and materialize wherever he pleases (think Prospero, but with a lot more panache) and “The Press,” a barking headline made flesh. The show is both a homecoming and a reunion. Four decades after its world premiere, Mr. Valdez, who is 76, is back as director. Daniel Valdez (Luis’s brother) and Rose Portillo, who in 1978 portrayed Henry Reyna and Della Barrios, the young lovers at the heart of the play, this time around play Henry’s parents. “I got kind of choked up the first time I heard those words all over again,” Daniel Valdez said. “Coming back to it is a little like coming home. ” In the intervening years, Latino playwrights, from Cherrie Moraga to Luis Alfaro, have made their mark on American theater. Karen Zacarias started the Young Playwrights’ Theater in 1995 in 2003, Nilo Cruz became the first Latino to win a Pulitzer for drama. Then there’s   Miranda. But no other Latino play has had the cultural impact of “Zoot Suit,” not to mention its influence on generations of subsequent Latino playwrights. On a recent morning, the cast rehearsed a scene set in a Los Angeles dance hall. Several men wore   trousers, long watch chains dangling from their belts the women sported   tights and sneakers. The men were strutting, the women spinning, but when a rival gang arrived, colorful curses flew, then fists, and before you knew it, the switchblades were out. El Pachuco snapped his fingers, stopping time just as Henry was about to cut his rival’s throat. “That’s exactly what the play needs right now,” he said. “Two more Mexicans killing each other. ” The relevance of this scene in the Trump era isn’t lost on the cast and crew. Much of the play focuses on how   are vilified in the United States as violent criminals and perpetual outsiders  —   “this ain’t your country,” El Pachuco tells Henry early on. “That was part of the reason I felt that I had to be in this production,” said Demián Bichir, the   actor who plays El Pachuco. “There couldn’t be a better opportunity for the arts to respond to so much nonsense and ignorance and stupidity. ” (When not acting, Mr. Bichir, who is Mexican, is an American Civil Liberties Union celebrity ambassador for immigration rights.) For Luis Valdez, mixing the political and the theatrical is nothing new. Dressed all in black, his voice a rich baritone, he recalled the years that led up to “Zoot Suit. ” In 1965, he founded El Teatro Campesino, a theater troupe and “cultural arm” of Cesar Chavez’s United Farm Workers. The group staged   skits, which he wrote and directed, in halls and on the backs of flatbed trucks. After the troupe left the farm workers’ group in 1967, Mr. Valdez continued to write plays that examined the Chicano experience, including “Bandito!” and “I Don’t Have to Show You No Stinking Badges!” “I call him the father of contemporary Chicano theater,” said Jorge Huerta, who wrote the book “Chicano Theater: Themes and Forms. ” “Not only did he found the Teatro Campesino, the teatro inspired other teatros, an entire movement from the West Coast to the Midwest all the way to the Dakotas. ” In 1977, Mr. Valdez met with Gordon Davidson, who was the director of the Taper then, about creating something for its New Theater for Now series. He arrived clutching a pamphlet about the Sleepy Lagoon murder that he had gotten years earlier from David Sanchez, the founder of the   organization the Brown Berets. “He essentially gave me carte blanche,” he said. Mr. Valdez set to work on the play, combining elements of Aztec mythology (Tezcatlipoca’s    colors, for example, mirror El Pachuco’s zoot suit) prison letters from the defendants culled from U. C. L. A. Library’s special collections department and court transcripts. In one courtroom sequence from the 1982 film, a police officer testifies that pachucos have an “inborn” tendency for violence inherited from “the bloodthirsty Aztecs. ” “I took that from the transcripts,” Mr. Valdez said. “I didn’t invent that stuff. That wasn’t agitprop. ” “The Second Zoot Suit Riot begins,” an ad in a local newspaper declared in 1978. “That was probably hatched right here in this office,” Mr. Valdez laughed. “But there was a rush for tickets, so in that sense, it was a riot. A good riot. An artistic riot. ” The play helped start the career of Edward James Olmos, who played El Pachuco in Los Angeles and on Broadway, as well as in the film. Mr. Valdez soon shifted his focus to movies as well  —   his 1987 Ritchie Valens biopic “La Bamba” was both a critical and   hit  —   but he’s still best known for “Zoot Suit,” which broke Los Angeles theater records for ticket sales during its first run. The Taper, which also hosted the world premiere productions of “Angels in America” and “Children of a Lesser God,” hopes to create a similar buzz this time around. Univision and Hoy sponsored a party at the theater to celebrate the first day of ticket sales, complete with   dancers and live swing music. The AltaMed Art Collection in Los Angeles is lending art that will be on display in the theater lobby. Strong sales have prompted the Taper to extend the show’s   run another week, through March 19 even after adding the additional shows, 35 high school groups remain on a waiting list to see special student matinees. “We do   shows a year, and you can feel the excitement among the staff about having this show rehearse in our building,” said Michael Ritchie, artistic director of the Center Theater Group, which includes the Taper. “You can feel the buzz in the hallways. ” Those hallways aren’t far from many places, historic and infamous, brought to life in the play. Los Angeles’s Hall of Justice, where the young men were tried and convicted, is two blocks away flash points of the riots erupted in the area. “Some of the riots actually took place very near where we’re rehearsing,” Daniel Valdez said. “Temple and Main, right down the street. ” A big difference between this production and the 1978 one is the level of the cast’s experience. “In those days, there weren’t many Latinos looking for a career in theater, so we were working with a lot of   actors,” Daniel Valdez added. “We had people who had never really been onstage. Now, watching the casting calls and the dance auditions, they’re absolutely amazing. ” The nationwide call drew 800 actors for 25 parts, and most cast members have backgrounds in film and TV. Mr. Bichir (“The Hateful Eight,” “Weeds”) a star in his native Mexico before coming to Los Angeles, was nominated for an Academy Award for his role in the 2011 film “A Better Life” Jeanine Mason, a   actor and dancer from Miami who plays Della, was the youngest competitor to win the Fox series “So You Think You Can Dance. ” Though the play was written in 1978 and set in 1942, Mr. Valdez feels its story is timeless, its themes part of an   historical cycle. He traces lines from the   internment camps to the Zoot Suit Riots, from Black Lives Matter to the vilification of Muslims. “And now the Mexicans are getting it again, thanks to Trump,” he said. “It’s like the closing of a complete circle. ” At a table reading between dance rehearsals, Mr. Bichir and Tom G. McMahon had questions for Mr. Valdez about how to tackle their roles as El Pachuco and the Press. In many ways, they’re more archetypes than people, jumping in and out of the action at will. The challenge, Mr. Valdez said, is finding the human in the trickster spirit. The play presents lots of similar challenges for audiences. “My play has the same relationship to a normal realistic play as a zoot suit has to a normal suit,” Mr. Valdez said. “It’s different. The lengths are longer. There’s more fabric. But it’s very cool! And I think that’s part of the appeal. ”",0
19985,It Turns Out Trump Put off Investigators for 6 Months While He Destroyed Emails,"By Hrafnkell Haraldsson on Mon, Oct 31st, 2016 at 12:20 pm Trump “refused 2 produce records sought by prosecutors for 6 months. Said under oath: Was destroying them whole time.” Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Newsweek’ s Kurt Eichenwald has struck again, reporting that Donald Trump “refused 2 produce records sought by prosecutors for 6 months. Said under oath: Was destroying them whole time.” 
The whole strategy, he writes at Newsweek in an article he swears was written before Comey’s announcement, was “deny, impede and delay, while destroying documents the court had ordered them to hand over.” 
In 1973, he reveals, “the Republican nominee, his father and their real estate company battled the federal government over civil charges that they refused to rent apartments to African-Americans.” 
Shortly after the government filed its case in October, Trump attacked: He falsely declared to reporters that the feds had no evidence he and his father discriminated against minorities, but instead were attempting to force them to lease to welfare recipients who couldn’t pay their rent.The family’s attempts to slow down the federal case were at times nonsensical. Trump submitted an affidavit contending that the government had engaged in some unspecified wrongdoing by releasing statements to the press on the day it brought the case without first having any “formal communications” with him; he contended that he’d learned of the complaint only while listening to his car radio that morning. But Trump’s sworn statement was a lie. Court records show that the government had filed its complaint at 10 a.m. and phoned him almost immediately afterward. The government later notified the media with a press release. […] Six months after the original filing, the case was nowhere because the Trumps had repeatedly ignored the deadlines to produce records and answers to questions, known as interrogatories….Finally, under subpoena, Trump appeared for a short deposition. When asked about the missing documents, he made a shocking admission: The Trumps had been destroying their corporate records for the previous six months and had no document-retention program. They had conducted no inspections to determine which files might have been sought in the discovery requests or might otherwise be related to the case. Instead, in order to “save space,” Trump testified, officials with his company had been tossing documents into the shredder and garbage. 
So Trump can accuse Hillary Clinton of destroying emails – and he does, nearly every day – but only as a means of covering up and deflecting his own misdeeds in that regard. 
“With false affidavits and ‘deny and delay” strategies,” writes Eichenwald, “Trump & his cos hid and destroyed records sought in court.” 
Donald Trump is a world class liar and a man known for his deflection tactics, projecting his own guilt onto others. His Foundation in trouble? Point the finger at the Clinton Foundation. Sexual assault allegations? Point the finger at Bill and Hillary Clinton. 
Once again, Kurt Eichenwald has dug into Donald Trump’s deplorable past and revealed the real Donald Trump. It’s not pretty. And each revelation from Eichenwald and David Fahrenthold shows Trump to be an even worse human being than the last. 
It is no wonder his deplorables love him so much. 
It Turns Out Trump Put off Investigators for 6 Months While He Destroyed Emails added by Hrafnkell Haraldsson on Mon, Oct 31st, 2016",0
19986,Yemenis stage rally to condemn Saudi war crimes,"Yemenis stage rally to condemn Saudi war crimes Thu Oct 27, 2016 2:22AM Yemenis rally to condemn Saudi war crimes. © Press TV 
Mohammed al-AttabPress TV, Sana'a 
Thousands of Yemenis have staged a rally near the site of a funeral ceremony bombarded by Saudi Arabia in early October. The protesters condemned what they call Riyadh's war crimes against the Yemeni people. Loading ...",0
19987,"BREAKING! — New shattering Wikileaks info implicates Clintons in shocking allegations of rape, satanism, blood drinking, and child sex in hot tubs","November 7, 2016 at 6:55 pm 
Flopot, 
Yes, I know it makes your blood boil to consider the “lesser of two evils” scenario. But LD has always been a conscientious non-voter and is therefore unlikely to be voting for either Trump or Hillary. Nor am I for that matter, since I am a UK resident and do not get to vote in the American elections. 
You really must reconcile yourself, Flopot, to the fact that Hillary is held in such visceral loathing that her millions of haters feel they have no option but to vote for her opponent, Donald Trump, even though they are aware of the Donald’s many faults and his Zionist connections. 
It’s either not voting at all or voting for the lesser of two evils.",0
19988,Turkish President Accuses Germany of ’Nazi Practices’,"AMSTERDAM (AP)  —   A diplomatic rift between Turkey and key European nations deepened Sunday as President Recep Tayyip Erdogan accused Germany of “Nazi practices,” days after a local authority prevented a Turkish minister from addressing a rally. [Meanwhile, at an election campaign event in Amsterdam, Dutch   populist Geert Wilders also resorted to   comparisons, calling Erdogan an “  leader. ”  The diplomatic tension has been rising in recent days amid Turkish plans to have government ministers to address rallies in Germany and the Netherlands in support of an upcoming constitutional referendum that would give Erdogan new powers. Speaking in Istanbul, the Turkish president fanned the flames with a stinging verbal attack. “In Germany they are not allowing our friends to speak. Let them do so. Do you think that by not allowing them to speak the votes in Germany will come out ‘no’ instead of ‘yes? ’” Erdogan said. “Germany, you don’t have anything to do with democracy. These current practices of yours are no different than the Nazi practices of the past. ” On Thursday, Turkey’s justice minister canceled a meeting with his German counterpart after local authorities in southwest Germany withdrew permission for him to use a venue to hold a rally near the French border that was part of a campaign to get Turks in Germany to vote “yes” in the referendum. Turkey’s economy minister, Nihat Zeybekci, was due to speak at two events in western Germany on Sunday. There are about 1. 4 million people in Germany who are eligible to vote in the Turkish referendum, Austrian Chancellor Christian Kern, in an interview with German weekly newspaper Welt am Sonntag, said it is time to pull the plug on   moves to bring Turkey into the EU. “We shouldn’t just temporarily suspend the accession talks with Turkey but end them,” Kern said. “We can’t continue to negotiate about membership with a country that has been steadily distancing itself for years, during ongoing access talks, from democratic standards and principles of the rule of law. ” The Dutch government is investigating whether it can halt a rally being planned for later in the week at which Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu is reportedly due to speak. Prime Minister Mark Rutte told Dutch broadcaster NOS on Saturday that his government “is looking at all legal avenues to prevent such a visit. ” Rutte said the proposed constitutional changes take Turkey, an aspirant European Union member state, “in a less democratic direction. ” “We believe that Dutch public space is not the place for political campaigns of other countries,” Rutte wrote earlier in a post on his Facebook page. Kern said, “A concerted approach by the EU to prevent such campaign appearances would make sense. So that individual countries such as Germany, where appearances have been banned, don’t come under pressure from Turkey. ” Wilders, whose Party for Freedom is lagging only slightly behind Rutte’s VVD party in polls before March 15 elections for Parliament’s lower house, said he would go further if he were in power. “I think that coming here to advocate a change of the Turkish constitution that will only strengthen the   leader Erdogan of Turkey more than Parliament, Turkish parliament, is the worst thing that could happen to us,” Wilders told reporters at a campaign event. Wilders said that if he were Dutch prime minister, “”I would call the whole Cabinet of Turkey ‘persona non grata’ for a month or two, not allowing them to come here. ” Kern, however, pointed out that totally cutting ties with Ankara wouldn’t be in EU interests. An EU deal with Turkey, which also is a NATO member, has significantly cut the number of migrants crossing into Europe. “We should realign the relationship, without the illusion of EU membership,” Kern said. “Turkey is an important partner in security matters, on migration and on economic cooperation. Turkey has stuck to all of its commitments resulting from the refugee deal in any case. We should build upon that. ”  ",0
19989,LA Immigration Activists’ Illegal Immigrant Mother To Be Deported - Breitbart,"Immigration activists in Los Angeles are enraged after the mother of a prominent open borders activist is expected to be deported. [Following a massive drug raid by the Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agency at an apartment complex, Teresa   an illegal immigrant, was detained and now is facing deportation, according to the L. A. Times.    has been living in the U. S. since 2001 and her husband, Hugo Rueda, was arrested for drug possession by officials in the raid, where Rueda’s car allegedly had 33 pounds of cocaine in it, and the couple’s apartment had $600, 000 cash inside, along with an ounce of crystal methamphetamine. Federal officials believe Rueda is involved with the   U. S.  drug trade.   is the mother of Los Angeles immigration activist Claudia Rueda, who claims her mother was detained by authorities illegally, despite her mother’s illegal immigrant status. A small   rally was held at the Border Patrol station in San Ysidro near San Diego, with “Free Teresa now” chants from protesters. An organizer of the protest told the L. A. Times that not only should   not have been detained, but she also claimed federal authorities arrested the woman because her daughter is an activist against immigration enforcement. “We think it is retaliation against her mother for her daughter’s activism,” Marcela Hernandez said. In a statement to the L. A. Times, Claudia Rueda said authorities should let her mother out of federal custody. “Despite being told she would not be detained as long she cooperated, my mother was apprehended during an illegally conducted raid at my apartment,” Rueda said. “I know my mother is innocent, and both [the Sheriff’s Department and Border Patrol] know that, which is why they were supposed to let her go,” Rueda continued.   is awaiting a deportation hearing before an immigration judge and is expected to be deported. John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
19990,Fascination and Fear: Covering the Black Panthers - The New York Times,"The Black Panther Party was founded 50 years ago in Oakland, Calif. on Oct. 15, 1966. Within two years, it had chapters across the country. The Times is marking the occasion by exploring the Black Panthers’ legacy through their iconography and how they were covered in our own pages.  Fifty years later, images from the Black Panther Party’s heyday still flicker in our national memory. With their leather jackets, black berets and lock step formations, these youthful revolutionaries were   for media coverage  —   and for posterity. With the heroic era of the civil rights movement glimmering to a close in 1966, the Black Panthers showed that a more radical struggle for racial justice could be photogenic, even if it was less palatable to the mainstream. An ironic tension emerged in the way the press treated the Black Panthers: Journalists were at once fascinated and frightened by them. And The New York Times was no exception. “At the same time the newspaper was dubious and skeptical of them, it also gave them a tremendous amount of coverage,” said Jane Rhodes, a professor of   studies at the University of Illinois at Chicago, and the author of “Framing the Black Panthers: The Spectacular Rise of a Black Power Icon. ” “The media, like most of white America, was deeply frightened by their aggressive and assertive style of protest,” Professor Rhodes said. “And they were offended by it. ” When Huey P. Newton and Bobby Seale founded the Black Panther Party, their first goal was to confront what they saw as an epidemic of police brutality. They took to the streets with rifles, standing guard over policemen on patrol. The California Assembly responded quickly, proposing a law to ban the open carrying of firearms. So the Panthers, fully armed, marched into the California state Capitol to protest the bill. The national news media took notice. The Times’s first article on the Panthers was a wire report, “Armed Negroes Protest Gun Bill,” published on May 3, 1967. The piece began, “With loaded rifles and shotguns in their hands, members of the antiwhite Black Panther party marched into the state Capitol today. ” What the article did not explicitly say, though it was reported later by others, was that the Panthers had read a statement that afternoon calling “upon the American people in general”  —   not just    —   to help them in their push for rights. The Times sent its own reporter a few days later to write a profile of Mr. Newton, the party’s young  . That article was no more measured than the first. It barely mentioned police brutality, instead lavishing attention on the fact that the Panthers had weapons. “Political power comes through the barrel of a gun,” Newton was quoted as saying. To some degree, the Panthers were responsible for presenting themselves as a   legion. “This is how the Black Panther Party wanted to be seen,” said Todd Gitlin, a professor of journalism and sociology at Columbia University. “The Panthers and The Times were taking part in a coproduction. ” And in subsequent articles, The Times did investigate the Panthers’ broader goals a bit more closely. A Times Magazine article by Sol Stern argued that “to write off the Panthers as a fringe group of little influence is to miss the point. The group’s roots are in the desperation and anger that no   legislation or poverty program has touched in the ghetto. ” But as tensions with law enforcement escalated into increasingly violent clashes, the press focused with increasing intensity on violence between the Panthers and the police  —   especially Newton’s violent   with a police officer in October 1967, which led to a murder trial the next year. There was far less attention paid to the party’s critique of law enforcement. What went largely unreported was the fact that these conflicts stemmed not just from the Panthers, but also from the federal government. With chapters springing up in dozens of cities, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, J. Edgar Hoover, mounted a covert operation to discredit the group and create strife within it. He declared the Panthers “the greatest threat to the internal security of the country. ” It was not until years later that the Senate’s Church Committee would show how pervasively the F. B. I. worked against the Panthers and how much it influenced press coverage. It encouraged urban police forces to confront Black Panthers planted informants and agents provocateurs and intimidated local community members who were sympathetic to the group. The   conflict that inevitably followed played directly into the narrative that had been established: that the party was a provocative, dangerous organization. This was never more apparent than in 1969, when the F. B. I. ’s campaign to undermine the party reached its peak.   Black Panthers in New York, known as the Panther 21, were charged with plotting to set off bombs throughout New York City. A surge of media coverage followed, with The Times among those outlets leading the way. Almost two years later, all the defendants were cleared, after it became clear that the charges stemmed almost entirely from the provocations of three three   undercover operatives with the New York City Police Department who had embedded themselves within the organization. Internal documents made public during a lawsuit brought by Dhoruba   bin Wahad, one of the defendants, show that the F. B. I. had used the press  —   particularly the New York news media  —   to create strife within the party and to convey the impression that it was a volatile group. Agents wrote of “an effort to obtain news media publicity highlighting friction between east and west coast BPP leadership personnel,” according to one F. B. I. memo procured in the 1980s by Mr. Wahad’s legal team. Another discusses “distributing copies of a critical article on the BPP which appeared in the ‘New York Times. ’” As The Times focused on the trial and other conflicts between the Panthers and the police, the party was organizing a slate of service programs for   in New York. But they went relatively unnoticed. “We didn’t get covered by any of the media when we were doing these types of things, really  —   only when some of us would get arrested,” Mr. Wahad said in an interview. Beginning in late 1968, fatigued by constant conflict and what they saw as sensational coverage, the Panthers refocused their efforts away from policing the police and toward providing health care and other services to the urban poor. They began in California’s Bay Area with a breakfast program for school children, and eventually developed initiatives around education and housing advocacy. The Times did eventually report on some of these programs, but often with a tone of skepticism. An article on Dec. 7, 1968, mentioned the party’s free breakfast program, but only to suggest that it was part of a ploy to indoctrinate  . The article, “Black Panthers Growing, but Their Troubles Rise,” suggested that as the party grew, it was intimidating residents and struggling to formulate a coherent direction. When it did mention the breakfast program, the article called it merely “a means of improving its image. ” The Times painted a slightly different picture the following June, when it ran a full feature on the breakfast program, nearly nine months after the party’s official newspaper, The Black Panther, announced the initiative. But mostly, the programs were treated as publicity stunts, or worse. The fact that The Times did respond, to some degree, to the organization’s change of focus was largely because of a growing cadre of   reporters. In July 1969, Earl Caldwell, who is black, wrote an article, “Panthers’ Meeting Shifts Aims From Racial Confrontation to Class Struggle,” and followed it with a piece for the Week in Review section, “Panthers: They Are Not the Same Organization. ” “One thing The Times figured out was that the Panthers were selling newspapers,” Professor Rhodes said. “The coverage of the Panthers was attracting a younger audience, maybe more of a black audience. ” “Black reporters were able to do much better reporting because they had greater credibility and greater access,” she said. But that was becoming a moot point: By 1969, the party was being torn asunder, its East and West Coast factions rived by distrust, largely because of the F. B. I. And in the court of public opinion, the Panthers had already lost. A Harris Survey showed that in April 1970, just 10 percent of Americans thought that “a fairly sizable number of Black Panthers have been shot and killed by law enforcement officers” because law enforcement officers were trying to wipe out the Panthers  —   exactly what Hoover privately said his mission was.   of the country said that police shootings of Panthers were due to violence started by the Panthers themselves. Just 16 percent perceived the Panthers as doing good work for disadvantaged youth. Looking at contemporary news coverage, Professor Rhodes said progress has been made when it comes to covering race and activism. “I see organizations like The Times making a much more sustained effort at deeper coverage,” she said. But articles still tend to emphasize the conflict between the police and protesters, she said, without addressing the core principles guiding social movements such as Black Lives Matter: greater investment in public education, community control of law enforcement and economic justice. “There’s a lot of examples to be learned from the example of the Black Panthers, in terms of taking a look at not just rhetoric and styles of protest, but also looking for some understanding of what protest means and what it intends,” she said.",0
19991,"Luis Banchero: el pez dorado, por Jorge Smith","Páginas Libres
Luis Banchero: el pez dorado por Jorge Smith Socios | 28 de octubre de 2016 Luis Banchero: el pez dorado Testimonio a manera de prólogo Esta nueva entrega del chimbotólogo Pedro Miranda, complementa su obra publicada hace dos años sobre ""Moncada: El Profeta de la ecología"". Es una segunda parte del abanico de personajes emblemáticos de esa fascinante época que fueron los años 50 y 60 en Chimbote. El ascenso vertiginoso de Luis Banchero y su pronta desaparición en una situación impredecible y de proporciones trágicas, hace más veraz que nunca, aquella máxima que suele volver en los mitos griegos, y que es que cuando los dioses aman a alguien le dan virtudes y habilidades en demasía para triunfar en la vida pero a cambio de eso se los llevan jóvenes.
Con la curiosidad de un dentista que quiere ver todos los detalles de una dentadura, Miranda que es odontólogo, indaga sobre esos años a través de estos personajes tan disimiles como lo fueron Moncada y Banchero. Ambos personajes tenían una diferencia de edad de solo 6 años o sea prácticamente pertenecían a la misma generación. Los dos coinciden en Chimbote en un momento cuyo telón de fondo era el boom de la pesca. El puerto vivía en un frenesí de crecimiento económico como el que años después se experimentó en el emporio textil de Gamarra en el distrito de La Victoria en Lima en los años 90. Si en los 50 ó 60´s en Chimbote o en los 90´s en Gamarra, llegabas con un espíritu emprendedor, las ideas claras y objetivos precisos, podías hacer en pocos años dinero para el resto de tu vida.
En los dos extremos de la escala social estaban, en el caso de Chimbote, Luis Banchero, el rey de la pesca, el visionario empresario y por otro lado, el humilde pescador. El uno había nacido en la vecina región de La Libertad y el otro en la sureña y fronteriza ciudad de Tacna. Ambos tenían el gusto del mar y la hermosa bahía de Chimbote fue el escenario inicial de muchos de sus sueños. El pescador Moncada era hábil con sus manos para reparar todo tipo de redes y para reciclar objetos y sin duda para filetear pescado y por otro lado, Banchero era hábil con sus ideas y proyectos para hacer todo tipo de negocios a partir del pescado, ya sea como producto para consumo directo, como harina, como conserva o como fuese. Como cita la obra, muchas veces se le escuchó decir al empresario,"" En el mar no hay que arar, solo hay que recoger"".
Luis Banchero sabía recoger el fruto del mar, pero más que eso, generar riqueza a partir de un insumo natural, comprando pescado a buen precio al filo de la madrugada, llevando pescado hasta Lima para venderlo a mejor precio, o en otro caso, ya procesado como harina, venderlo a los mejores precios o como conserva haciendo que el producto llegue envasado a los más recónditos lugares del país. Desde joven no era un simple empresario pesquero sino una máquina para proyectar estrategias de cómo comercializar ese insumo en apariencia inagotable. Cuando tenía solo 26 años ya era propietario de varias lanchas y se perfilaba como dueño de una fábrica. Creativo como ninguno, ideó toda una red de empresas complementarias para así aminorar sus costos en muchas áreas de la industria pesquera, pues la pesca es una actividad que tiene múltiples matices y negocios aleatorios que sólo puedes percibirlos cuando estás en la cúspide. Así el empresario llevó el negocio pesquero a una capacidad de producción de proporciones inesperadas, haciendo que al Perú se le respetase como productor mayor de un insumo como la harina de pescado, que directa o indirectamente, servía para elaborar muchos productos por su altísimo contenido proteico.
Es cierto que la vorágine extractiva de esos años, creó las consecuencias ecológicas en la bahía chimbotana, y sobre la cual, en el peor caso, solo podría imputársele al empresario una responsabilidad compartida. De haber tenido más tiempo de vida un hombre visionario como Banchero, hubiese tomado conciencia del daño colateral que genera la actividad pesquera y sin duda con su capacidad de liderazgo en el sector, hubiese incentivado el uso de sistemas de producción que hubiesen reducido la contaminación ambiental o marina y, sin duda, apoyado estrategias globales de descontaminación de la bahía. Pero la historia fue otra, y con su trágica y temprana desaparición, la anarquía reinante en la extracción pesquera continuó y, por ende, también la agravación de la contaminación que sufrimos hasta ahora. Banchero era definitivamente otro tipo de empresario, un hombre visionario, que ya intuía que el pescador y en consecuencia el habitante chimbotano, difícilmente iba a poder coexistir por siempre en una situación contradictoria, en la cual la fuente de su trabajo que era la pesca, fuese también la causa de una catástrofe ambiental. Con Banchero vivo, otra hubiese sido la historia.
Estás últimas reflexiones me hacen decir lo justificado que ha sido por parte del autor, incrustar ese diálogo imaginario entre el llamado ""loco"" Moncada y Banchero, en el cual el pescador increpa al empresario responsabilidad en la contaminación de la bahía. El encuentro, si se hubiese producido en la realidad, habría sido, tal vez, un diálogo de sordos, pero al ver Banchero, que todos no vivían en el puerto con el mismo entusiasmo la vorágine extractiva, tal encuentro, le hubiese dado un tema de reflexión y una búsqueda ulterior de soluciones al problema. De allí que las palabras que pone en boca de Banchero el autor son muy precisas , ""Este no tiene nada de loco, veré que puedo hacer, si es verdad que se está contaminando el mar, analizaré qué puedo hacer, tiene que haber una solución y la voy a encontrar, esto no puede seguir así.""
Al haber nacido yo en Chimbote, a comienzos de los años 50, pude ver con mis propios ojos, las transformaciones en el paisaje urbano y costero y también en la vida de la gente, que generó el boom de la pesca. El dinero, efectivamente, corría a raudales y se generó una capacidad de consumo desenfrenado en el puerto. Había trabajo para todos, en todas las profesiones. No es cierto el mito que los chimbotanos solo ""la vieron pasar"", que el dinero que se producía iba a otra parte, a Lima o al extranjero. Como en todo lugar donde hay ese explosivo auge del dinero, hay algunos que saben ahorrar y otros no. Hay algunos que invierten en la educación de ellos o sus hijos y otros se abandonan al despilfarro desbocado o caen en el dispendio irresponsable. Lo interesante es que para todo el que vivió aquella época, queda el recuerdo de haber vivido en un gigantesco laboratorio humano. En el centro de este auge y este laboratorio estaba justamente Luis Banchero.
Chimbote siempre fue una ciudad poblada de gente sin mucho arraigo. Siempre fue, y no ha dejado de serlo, una ciudad muy horizontal. En muchos casos, diferentes gentes frecuentan los mismos lugares y en el mundo de la pesca, sobre todo, hay una forma de manejar las relaciones laborales. Eso lo captó rápido un observador sagaz y un hombre con una intuición excepcional como lo fue Banchero. El trato entre la gente en Chimbote, es directo, informal y a veces desenfadado. Es el mundo del tú a tú, reacio a las jerarquías o las formalidades innecesarias.
Quizás porque bastante joven ya fue exitoso, pero más por su propia personalidad, Banchero sabía mimetizarse con personas de toda condición social y eso es algo muy claro en el recuerdo de los muchos que todavía viven y que trabajaron con él. Su personalidad tenía una magia que te hacía sentirse bien delante de él, nunca intimidado de estar en presencia de un empresario que en su momento era el más poderoso y quizás el hombre más rico del Perú.
Podía entrar y preguntar con curiosidad sobre todos los detalles del funcionamiento de una lancha, como también interesarse en visitar todos los recovecos de una planta harinera o indagar sobre cualquier detalle de las fases productivas de una planta conservera. Todo esto combinado con su capacidad de proyectar la venta del producto final en todas sus formas, hacía de él un empresario único, lo más alejado de un especialista, que era el paradigma del gerente o empresario que ya se comenzaba a gestar en los años 60´. Pero lo más importante de Banchero era su trato con la gente, que perteneciese o trabajase en sus empresas o no. En eso todos coinciden. Era increíble la empatía que suscitaba su persona. Por eso, casi medio siglo después de su muerte, la gente que lo conoció y lo trató lo recuerda con mucho afecto y lo que es más, basta darse una vuelta por el cementerio El Ángel donde reposan sus restos, para ver que su tumba sigue siendo visitada por anónimos visitantes que le llevan flores. Como pocos, quizás como ninguno, salvo Haya de la Torre en la política, Luis Banchero es alguien que caló muy hondo en la memoria y el imaginario de los peruanos.
Por esas circunstancias de la vida pude conocer a muchos de los personajes citados en el libro de Miranda, los volví a ver a algunos en circunstancias muy diversas después de la muerte del empresario. A él mismo lo pude tratar personalmente solo dos veces.
Era el año de 1971 y yo regresaba de Lima a Chimbote un fin de semana a ver a mi familia y mi padre me llevó a cenar al restaurante del vivero forestal y me dijo que se tenía que encontrar también con un tío mío que era uno de los abogados de Banchero. Cuando nos íbamos sentar a cenar, mi padre me dijo ""Ahí esta justo tu tío, conversando con Banchero y quiero presentártelo"". Nos dirigimos a ellos y allí estaba el magnate, a quien mi padre ya conocía y me lo presentó. Mi tío le dijo a mi padre para conversar con él lo que tenían que conversar, mientras yo conversaba algo con el gran Lucho Banquero. El hombre de veras irradiaba una simpatía natural y en los 15 ó 20 minutos que pasamos charlando, me hizo las preguntas mas diversas, sobre qué estudiaba y porqué y qué grado de compromiso tenía con Chimbote y si iba a volver a trabajar allí cuando terminase mis estudios. ""Sabes -me dijo- que recién me he podido titular como ingeniero, después de más de 20 años. Yo en realidad hubiese querido ser investigador. Siempre me interesó la forma cómo se pueden preservar los alimentos en buen estado. Creo que las guerras del futuro serán por alimentos."" Prosiguió con diversas reflexiones muy visionarias y puntuales que todavía recuerdo y al decirle que mis clases universitarias eran en la Universidad Católica en la Plaza Francia me dijo: ""Mis oficinas están cerca. Llámame un día y pasa a verme. Me dio un número telefónico y ya en ese momento se aparecían mi padre con mi tío.
Unas semanas después ya en Lima lo llamé y su secretaria me dijo que le daría el mensaje y lo llamase al día siguiente antes del mediodía. Así lo hice y la secretaria me lo pasó al teléfono y me dijo que si estaba libre me invitaba a almorzar y me citó en el restaurante del Hotel Bolívar. Después supe que él tenía una suite permanente en el Hotel Crillón a pocas cuadras del Bolívar. Cuando llegó yo ya estaba sentado esperándolo.
""En el Crillón, hay en el sótano un excelente restaurante que es La Balsa (donde preparaban el mejor sancochado de Lima), pero allí no puedo almorzar en paz, pues todo el mundo me conoce y no puedo almorzar, a tal punto que pido que me lleven la comida a mi suite"". Bueno, en el Bolívar, me di cuenta que allí también lo conocían y mientras tomábamos el pisco sour de aperitivo, unas 8 personas vinieron a estrecharle la mano o desde una distancia prudente otros lanzarle un ""¡Hola Lucho!"" o ""¡Buen provecho Lucho!"". ""Aquí, los mozos me reservan un sitio en el fondo del restaurante en la parte que da a La Colmena y me siento de espaldas al resto y puedo almorzar tranquilo."" Fue un almuerzo que duró un par de horas, solo interrumpido por algunos documentos que le trajo para firmar un empleado. Me impresionó la variada gama de intereses que tenía Banchero. Evidentemente era un hombre que le robaba horas al sueño para ilustrarse sobre temas que ni por asomo tenían que ver con su área de negocios específicos que era la pesca. Mucho le interesaba la innovación tecnológica, la organización de la información como la base para tomar decisiones empresariales eficaces. ""Viajo felizmente mucho y eso me tiene informado, pues al regresar a Lima sé que estaré en una involución informativa desesperante. Ahora que conozco a gran parte del empresariado limeño puedo decir que la carencia de curiosidad informativa e intelectual es desesperante. Por eso algunos en sus respectivas áreas se estancan, pudiendo potenciar sus empresas en forma extraordinaria. El limeño está siempre dispuesto a perder su tiempo en banalidades. Los fines de semana cuando no tengo que ir a Chimbote u otro lugar en Perú, me refugio en mi casa en Chaclacayo"". Yo no sabía que estaba frente a un hombre que siete meses después iba a ser asesinado en su vivienda, justamente en Chaclacayo. ""Me dijistes en Chimbote, que has iniciado tus trámites para irte a estudiar a Francia. Lo que más me gusta de ciudades como París y Nueva York es el anonimato. Me ha ocurrido estar con Onassis, almorzar con él en la Avda. de los Campos Elíseos en pleno aire libre y aunque él es más conocido que nadie sobre todo en París, ninguna persona se acercaba a molestarnos. Aquí, como has visto, un poco de popularidad y tu vida se convierte en un calvario. No es que sea malo. Los latinos somos así. Pero llega un momento que te hartas.” Fue la segunda y última vez en mi vida que vi a Luis Banchero.
Ya en París, en la edición de Le Monde el 2 de enero de 1972 me enteré de lo que había acontecido en Lima. De veras me apenó la noticia. Estoy seguro que otro hubiese sido el destino del Perú, si alguna vez un hombre como Banchero hubiese conducido el país. En muchas áreas, la innovación tecnológica ya hubiese llegado, nos hubiésemos ahorrado por lo menos 10 ó 20 años de retardo. Hubiésemos despegado más y mejor mucho antes.
A Eugenia Sessarego la conocí en circunstancias bien especiales en la ciudad de Ginebra en Suiza y luego la volví a ver en Lima en diversas ocasiones y, sobre todo, en dos ocasiones que recuerdo bien, una en mi casa en Miraflores y otra en su departamento en uno de los malecones del mismo distrito.
Ambas veces hablamos de los más infinitos temas y me impresionó su inteligencia, su soberbia organización mental y su belleza. Nunca traté, por iniciativa propia, el tema de Banchero, pero sabiendo que yo era de Chimbote, y que por mi edad había vivido el boom de la pesca, sabía que mi curiosidad latente de cómo había percibido al empresario alguien tan cercano a Banchero, como lo fue ella. Una vez, hablando sobre la ineficacia en la toma de decisiones en los dirigentes políticos, ella misma abrió la puerta: ""Ningún empresario que conozco y menos aún ningún político, tiene la lucidez y la capacidad de tomar decisiones eficaces que tenía Lucho Banchero. Yo le organizaba citas hasta de solo 5 minutos en las cuales él podía evaluar alternativas diferentes y tomar una decisión. Era una máquina de tomar decisiones. Era como un láser para ir al meollo del asunto. No solo tomaba decisiones , sino tomaba las más acertadas. Creo que deben haber pocos empresarios que hayan tomado decisiones acertadas con tanta regularidad como Lucho Banchero. Uno podría imaginar que alguien así era el colmo de la arrogancia o la vanidad, pero no. A Lucho no lo cambió el dinero, yo diría más bien que él cambió los usos que le daba al dinero. Quería crear empresas donde la innovación tecnológica pudiese ser introducida en forma permanente y si era posible, inmediata. Su pérdida fue para el país una desgracia. Era un ser extraordinario. Puedo dar fe"".
La segunda vez que la vi, algunos meses después, igual hablamos de muchas cosas. Yo siempre sorprendido por sus atinados juicios sobre cualquier tema. Igual, en ningún momento por iniciativa propia, cité el nombre de Banchero. Ya con los años de distancia sobre los penosos hechos, creo que con Eugenia hubiésemos podido hablar al respecto. Ya había aparecido la estupenda historia novelada de Guillermo Thorndike, ella misma había hecho extensas confesiones en la revista CARETAS y se había publicado mucho al respecto. Me volvió a hablar otra vez, sin que se lo pidiese en la forma en que tomaba decisiones el empresario, pero era imposible no darse cuenta que al pronunciar el nombre de Banchero, una sombra de tristeza se reflejaba en su mirada. Preferí no tocar el tema. No la he vuelto a encontrar.
Otra persona a quien frecuente mucho, pues escribí con cierta frecuencia en uno de los diarios que él dirigió, fue a Guillermo Thorndike, un hombre de un talento excepcional a quien le debemos la extraordinaria novela ""El Caso Banchero"", escrita a pocos años de sucedido el crimen. Gracias a él pude comprender mejor la compleja y rica personalidad del magnate pesquero. La novela de Guillermo es estupenda y no tiene nada que envidiarle a la obra maestra del género que es ""A Sangre Fría"" de Truman Capote. Guillermo conoció a Banchero cuando ya éste era un empresario consolidado, un verdadero magnate cuyo negocio ya no era simplemente la pesca y sus derivados sino que precisaba estrategias mediáticas que tenían que estar en manos de profesionales de genio y de ingenio como lo fueron Raúl Villarán y luego Guillermo Thorndike. Ellos lo ayudaron con ""Correo"" y luego con una publicación que fue ""Ojo"", dirigido a un segmento más popular. Allí también las sugerencias de Banchero fueron de una gran creatividad, pues se crearon una de las primeras plataformas periodísticas descentralizadas y ""Correo"" tenía una edición para Lima, pero también ediciones que se sacaban en Huancayo y otras ciudades. Eso era importante para agrandar la audiencia, pues para Banchero las ciudades, ellas mismas querían ser el personaje central de sus noticias. En eso no se equivocaba. Y es cierto pues incluso progresivamente las publicaciones regionales se convirtieron en propulsoras de movimientos regionales que, para bien o para mal, hicieron fragmentarse el panorama político en la forma que lo conocemos ahora.
Por lo que me dijo Thorndike, muchos sectores políticos ya comenzaban a percibir a Lucho Banchero como un posible presidenciable, por su éxito personal y un innegable magnetismo mediático, como el que ahora se suele percibir en Gastón Acurio.
Es mérito de Pedro Miranda, en su obra “Banchero, El rey de la pesca”, en cortas 69 páginas lograr lo que también consiguió transmitir en sus casi 490 páginas la novela de Thorndike en su momento: captar lo esencial de un personaje tan complejo. Al ser chimbotano el autor, Pedro Miranda, ha podido interrogar exhaustivamente a muchos de los colaboradores de Banchero que todavía viven en el puerto, de escribir con lujo de detalles las extraordinarias habilidades empresariales y comerciales y el ascenso a la cima empresarial de un joven que con solo algo más de 20 años, después de una fase en que vendía de todo, desde forrajes hasta motores, comenzó a forjar un imperio de la pesca.
He titulado este testimonio a manera de prólogo, ""Banchero: El pez dorado"", pues en una última estadía que he hecho en China, observé que muchos de los chinos, que por otro lado adoran las peceras, suelen tener en ellas un pez dorado que, según las leyendas chinas, puede vivir hasta la edad aproximada de 40 años, edad aproximada de la muerte de Banchero. Los chinos llaman también a este pez, el pez de la sabiduría y aquél que lo encuentra puede considerarse sabio y afortunado. Es un pez tranquilo. Es un pez generoso que le gusta compartir y aun cuando está en cautiverio en una pecera, le gusta estar con peces de otras especies, algo que algunas especies de peces aborrecen.
Luis Banchero era así, como el pez dorado: sabio, sencillo, comunicativo y le gustaba compartirlo todo. Un gran hombre.
Jorge Smith Fuente
Senal de Alerta (Peru)",0
19992,AUSTRIA: Freedom Party leader calls Chancellor Angela Merkel the “most dangerous woman in Europe”,"AUSTRIA: Freedom Party leader calls Chancellor Angela Merkel the “most dangerous woman in Europe” Heinz-Christian Strache (right), chairman of the anti-Islamization Freedom Party roasted the German Chancellor for allowing an unlimited amount of Muslim illegal aliens which he claims has left Europe on the verge of civil war. Talking to supporters, Strache argued “the uncontrolled influx of migrants alien to our culture who seep into our social welfare system… makes civil war in the medium-term not unlikely.” Austrian Freedom Party (FPOe) party leader Heinz-Christian Strache (L) and Freedom Party’s presidential candidate Norbert Hofer UK Express (h/t Terry D) Strache added that his party’s presidential candidate, Norbert Hofer, “will be there for all Austrians” in a rallying speech to drum up support ahead of the general election. Hofer has attempted to keep a neutral tone in a bid to broaden the typical appeal of the Freedom Party from an anti-immigration stance to the wider Austrian population ahead of a re-run of the earlier election. Yet the 45-year-old’s recent election posters carry the phrase “so help me God” – a term which has been slammed by both Islamic and Christian officials who say introducing God into the campaign is not appropriate. “Vienna must not become Istanbul” He says what Vienna thinks Three branches of the Protestant church in Austria released a joint statement denouncing the slogan. It reads: “God cannot be instrumentalised for one’s own intentions or for political purposes. “We consider that mentioning God… to attack other religions and cultures indirectly amounts to an abuse of his name and religion in general.” The Freedom Party claim Hofer used the rallying phrase as it came “directly from the heart” and “is strongly anchored in Christian and Western values” which the party holds. Two-thirds of Austrians identify as Catholic while just four per cent are Protestant. The Freedom Party narrowly lost the election by just 31,000 votes to Alexander Van der Bellen’s left-leaning Green party, but the result was ruled void after voting irregularities were discovered. The initial re-run of the election was due to take place in October but has been pushed back to December after defects were found in the postal vote envelopes.",0
19993,Antarctica 'Guardians' Retaliate Against America With Massive New Zealand Earthquake,"An amazing (but nearly 90% censored) Foreign Intelligence Service report circulating in the Kremlin today states that the Antarctica “guardians” swiftly retaliated against the United States this past week by “creating unleashing” a massive earthquake after the Obama regime sent “without invitation or permission” its Secretary of State John Kerry to initiate contact with them in the “barrier zone” that’s forbidden by all “known protocols” in dealing with these “entities”.


As the United States neared election day, Secretary of State John Kerry announced he would take a historic trip to the massive, frozen seventh continent, Antarctica.

He was flying over the South Pacific toward New Zealand the next day when the results began to come in . 

A major 5.8 magnitude aftershock has rocked New Zealand's South Island, north of where two massive earthquakes measuring 6.3 and 7.8 struck less than 24 hours before.

Local media reported that six-foot-high waves were rolling into Kaikoura, a coastal city north of Christchurch, and at least one building had collapsed. Phone service and the power supply in Kaikoura appeared to be cut off so the extent of the damage was not immediately clear. 
WATCH THE VIDEO: 
Disclose TV SOURCE ",0
19994,Sustainable salt water battery won’t corrode and can power your home for 10 years,"Sustainable salt water battery won't corrode and can power your home for 10 years Nov 14, 2016 0 0 
A new home battery has been developed and released that runs off of salt water instead of acid, making for a sustainably created piece of technology that can charge your home for years . 
Conventional lead-acid batteries use two lead plates, submerged in a solution of sulfuric acid and water. The sulfuric acid is highly toxic and can burn and damage the environment if the battery leaks. These batteries use a solution of salt water instead of acid and the results are astounding. 
As opposed to lead-acid batteries, which can only be discharged to about 50% of their capacity, these salt water batteries can be discharged to 90%, meaning they can utilized 40% more of their energy per charge. 
Each battery can handle 3,000 discharges, meaning they can last 3,000 days and nights. They are also stackable, useful for increasing your power needs. 
Another awesome feature is that these batteries won’t catch on fire like lead-acid batteries. 
If you’re interested in purchasing one, you can, through Aquion’s website . They are sustainably sourced and built and they don’t corrode. 
Legit.",0
19995,Energy Update – Super High Geomagnetic Solar Winds,"We’ve gone Ultra-Sonic. By Lisa Transcendence Brown
Super high geomagnetic solar winds started about an hour or two ago. These knock us on our butts. We go through an intense inability to function as we upgrade huge. The body goes weak, the mind goes mush. High high high charging protons/ions and these sound like razors, which are part of diamond light lasers. These re-calibrate our magnetics, they tune us high really fast. They “sing” us to sleep, literally, s high in frequency, we basically cannot do anything else.
I came home ready to rock it out. New courses, new lots of stuff to get done…. nope…. Outside was magnificent! I thought about getting my computer and getting back in the car, going to a coffee shop to work, as inside the house, the frequency is so high, it’s right to sleep in these energies. Walked through the door, it took 2 minutes to crawl to the bed (not literally this time, more for the affect of how strong these are. Years ago was crawling…)
We are going super mega high…. sleep where called. Integration is faster. I’m done for brainwork today. Spent the morning gifting, which is always super uber mega awesome!
READ: She’s back! Large coronal hole faces Earth again 
Okay loves. Honor your upgrades, your body. You may have to get away from electronics, as when you are tuning, they drain you. After the process is complete (the next day or days later), you’ll be better than new and ready to rock and roll! Some times we slow-mo-it through our stuff… which is many days now, in these super high frequencies.
Working with the energetics is definitely an art. It’s been this way for years and continues to increase as we go. Every moment dictates, getting used to the flow, learning to navigate with it and then master it…. it’s a process for us all!
Right now the crown of my head could just shoot off. We have lift-off loves! Here we g !
Gravity goes, pineal, spine, chest, nasal… abdomen … hearing/sound adjustments…most noticeable right now.
Source: Awakening to Remember 
Via: In5D 
Related: She’s back! Large coronal hole faces Earth again ",0
19996,Is Gascony the Most Delicious Corner of France? - The New York Times,"This week, we roam France, sampling three regional cuisines: the richness of Gascony (below) the earthy pleasures of Médoc, and the new vibrancy of Bordeaux. Also check out the Food section’s guide to French cooking and our survey of five classic specialties, from bouillabaisse to galettes.  Look closely at a map of southwestern France and you’ll notice it: a blank spot just west of Toulouse where the place names thin out and the train lines and expressways veer away, like a stream flowing around a boulder. That blank spot is Gascony, one of the most rural regions in all of France. Gascons are for the most part proud of their provinciality, and many of them have developed the curious habit of describing their bucolic land in terms of all the things it doesn’t have: big cities, mass tourism, traffic, urban stress,   rail service, autoroutes, soaring real estate prices, hordes of Parisians snapping up summer homes and so on. I spent most of a year there to gather material for a culinary memoir and can confirm the absence of all those things. One sometimes hears Gascony referred to as “the other South of France” by boosterish types mindful of the immense popularity of Provence and the Côte d’Azur, which lie some 250 miles to the east. And to be sure, if you plant yourself on a restaurant “terrasse” on the main square of Auch (pronounced  )  —   Gascony’s historical capital  —   in, say, late September, you might easily convince yourself you’re in Mediterranean France, what with the date palms and the   people in sunglasses sipping rosé and talking in the bouncy accent of the Midi. But then your meal arrives, and the illusion vanishes faster than a cold pastis on a hot day. For Gascon food is richer than the sunny cuisine of Provence. It is unabashedly, defiantly rich. Duck fat, not olive oil, is the local currency. Everything gets cooked in it: potatoes, sausages, eggs, and  —   in the case of confit, that pillar of Gascon farmhouse cooking  —   duck itself. Gascons consume foie gras, which is made on family farms all over the region, with casual regularity, and consider the delicacy about as decadent as a pork chop. For those needing further convincing that they’re not in Peter Mayle’s South of France, I will suggest simply sticking around Auch for a few more of those autumn days. It would eventually start to rain. And if you hop in the car, the traffic will disappear and you will find yourself in a decidedly   landscape: undulating fields of corn and rapeseed, vineyard parcels intercut with lush grazing pastures, hedgerows of broom and honeysuckle, tidy groves of oak and hemlock,   villages and, around almost every curve, signs advertising   foie gras and duck confit. Eventually you will probably get stuck behind a tractor. Gascony is not merely distinct from Provence and the Côte d’Azur. It is, in my estimation, better. Gascony is more open, more soulful, more deeply French, and, in its    devotion to tradition, more pleasurably frozen in time. Its cuisine is arguably less sophisticated than Provence’s, and yet it is more firmly rooted in the land it sprang from, and it is, I put to you, enjoyed with lustier abandon. You don’t have to live in Gascony for many months, as I did, to discover these truths. Even a week or so spent eating and drinking your way around the Gers, the    département that constitutes Gascony’s heartland, is enough to spark a lifelong love affair. The Gers is not very big, but it gives travelers room to breathe. Only 840, 000 tourists visited the département in 2015. (By comparison, a staggering 11 million visited the   which includes Nice and Cannes.) Though the Gers is not France’s most sparsely populated district, it is the most agricultural, with more of its land under cultivation than that of any other French district. Humans in the Gers are vastly outnumbered by livestock, especially ducks. Also  —   interesting fact  —   the humans who do live there live a long time. The administrative region encompassing the Gers boasts one of the country’s highest rates of life expectancy at birth, and its residents have fewer heart attacks than almost any other regional population in France. Both those facts tend to be met with incredulity by visitors encountering Gascon cooking for the first time. It is a cuisine best eased into  —   perhaps at the Hôtel de France in Auch, a grand old dowager on the main square that has recently been given a  . The hotel is the onetime fief of Gascony’s most famous chef, André Daguin, who is no longer at the stoves but still lives down the street. In the postwar years Mr. Daguin vociferously promoted Gascon food and wine all over France, and the Hôtel de France menu still reflects the touchstones of the cuisine: roasted magret, duck confit with Tarbais beans, a salad topped with cured duck breast slices and confited duck gizzards, a terrine of foie gras. The wine to drink with this fare, indisputably, is Madiran. Made from tannat grown along the Gers’s western fringe, the wine is dark and tannic and tastes of earth and cooked plums. With dessert: a   Pacherenc, Madiran’s white counterpart, a sweet wine of a depth and structure to rival that of Sauternes. To wind things up: a snifter of Armagnac, Gascony’s   grape brandy, and perhaps some chocolate. Even a casually upscale Gascon meal, it must be said, requires a certain fortitude. Gascony  —   unlike Paris or the Loire Valley, say  —   is not a popular destination for   seeking grand chateaus, opulent palaces and soaring basilicas. The region’s patrimonial treasures are often tucked out of sight, as if waiting to be given their moment. Take Auch’s cathedral. Just down the street from the Hôtel de France, the   Cathédrale Ste.  is a fine enough specimen, with its handsome twin bell towers and restored   windows. But its pièce de résistance lies hidden in a   choir entered via an internal doorway that admits visitors for the price of 2 euros ($2. 12). Arrayed along the choir’s perimeter are 113 thronelike “stalles” of intricately carved oak. Comprising thousands of painstakingly rendered figures and scenes depicting the life of Jesus and other biblical episodes, some of them in gruesome detail, the stalles constitute the most   feat of woodworking craftsmanship I have ever seen. According to what little literature on the cathedral I have come across, the names of all but one of the carvers, an artisan from Toulouse named Dominique Bertin, have been lost to time. Most of the Gers’s other   attractions  —   and touristy restaurants, what few there are  —   are concentrated north of Auch, along a   trail that stretches between the picturesque hilltop town of Lectoure and the fortified village of Fourcès. The route also encompasses the popular medieval bastion of Larressingle and the imposing   cloister at La Romieu, as well as the prosperous village of Montréal du Gers, where, at an inviting restaurant called L’escale, you can have a swank al fresco meal of roasted capon in a foie gras and morel sauce while seated beneath the graceful arcades of the town square. Those destinations are certainly worthy ones, particularly on a weekday between October and May, when you will have a decent chance of having them nearly all to yourself. I especially like Lectoure, with its single thoroughfare that arcs over a high ridgeline, turning every side street into a picture frame for the rolling Gascon countryside far below. Most tourists move on after paying a visit to Lectoure’s small cathedral and its handful of gift shops, or they book a room and a table at the   Hôtel de Bastard, which serves an excellent appetizer of foie gras accompanied by slices of Lectoure melon, a variety of cantaloupe for which the town is famous. But to my mind Lectoure’s singular point of interest, its very raison d’être  —   and why I go back again and again  —   is the Café des Sports. This is, unequivocally, my favorite bar in France. The   slightly    establishment is festooned with rugby ephemera  —   the sport being as sacred to Gascons as duck fat  —   and is furnished with a long wood bar, a couple of rickety barstools, and, teetering slightly on the     floor, a dozen or so   tables. On any given evening a mix of thuggish jocks,   paysans,   retirees, urbane   from Toulouse, teenagers and children can be found tucking into cheap entrecôtes and duck legs. At the bar’s far end, an      partition protects a private meeting space that could well have been the origin of the expression “  deal. ” On one recent visit, I could see a dozen men seated around a banquet table, plotting who knows what. On another visit  —   and this is an anecdote that speaks volumes about Gascons’ trusting nature  —   a stranger in a rugby shirt nonchalantly deposited his   child at the table I was sharing with my wife and     daughter. “You don’t mind watching her for a minute?” he said, and dashed out. Before I could worry too much, he was back. Seeing that his daughter and mine were getting on fine, he lingered at the bar to chat with some friends. The Café des Sports aside, Lectoure is a typical prim and prettified French village, and in this respect is an anomaly in the Gers. The principal towns of the Gascon heartland are for the most part unprepossessing: gritty market hubs that, on the face of it, hold little appeal for the tourist. And yet they offer the patient and curious visitor a chance to tune in to the rhythms of a rural lifestyle that is dying out elsewhere in France. To spend a   morning in, say, Fleurance, Mirande or Nogaro is to witness   Frenchness in a very pure distillation  —   a collective affirmation of the things the French hold most sacred: fraternité, gastronomie and, to a lesser extent, morning drinking, cigarette smoking and  . To wit: Mirande’s Monday market. Held in a covered hall, the marché brings this drab burg of 3, 500 souls to crackling life. The vibe is like that of a small county fair, except with much better food. A tour of the stalls offers a crash course in Gascon cookery: confit duck legs nestled in chilled rendered fat,   fattened duck livers, goose and pork rillettes, pâté de tête, Basque chorizo, immense rounds of tangy Tommes des Pyrénées cheese, fresh brook trout, all manner of nuts and dried fruit, gariguette strawberries, greengage plums, and on and on. The real education, though, is to be found in the gusty banter between vendors and customers  —   a uniquely Gascon admixture of   gossip, rugby talk and, almost without fail, recipe swapping. Nowhere outside Gascony have I had to summon more patience while waiting in line at a rural market. The conversations, as a rule, are supercharged by lots of coffee and, often, lubricated by glasses of wine, beer or Floc (an   aperitif) purchased at the buvette, or drinks counter  —   a fixture of any respectable Gascon market. The procuring of provisions always concludes with lunch. Virtually every substantial Gascon town has its bustling,     joint. Mirande’s is called, prosaically, Le Grand Café Glacier. On my most recent visit there, a   pork cutlet with haricots verts and a gratin dauphinois set me back 8 euros a   of the house red cost a few more. The meal bargains to be had in Gascony’s   market cafes  —   the Café du Centre in Maubourguet, the Café du Centre in Fleurance (no relation) Le Divan in Éauze  —   harken back to a bygone era, as do the menus, which on   market days frequently consist of the    and little else. Often, the only question asked by your harried server is which color of wine you want. Gascony is fundamentally a rural place, and to imbibe its true essence you have to leave the towns behind and venture deep into the countryside, preferably on foot. This is an easy thing to do, for the Gers is laced with thousands of miles of walkable farm roads and hiking trails, making    jaunts an appealing proposition. Such excursions are in my opinion the best possible way to work up your appetite. The French divide hikes into two categories: grandes randonnées and petites randonnées. The former are for the type of person who thinks nothing of carrying a   pack up a mountain and can discuss at length the wicking properties of various synthetic fabrics. The latter are for dabblers, like me, who get kvetchy when an outdoor activity starts to eat into the dinner hour. Though the Gers does have one grande randonnée route  —   a multiday loop that starts and ends in Auch  —   the département is a paradise for day hikers. I’ve hiked many petite randonnée routes in the Gers, using the magnificently detailed TopoGuides, published by the Fédération Française de la Randonnée Pédestre or, when hiking with my daughter, the slim but excellent   trail guide “Les Sentiers d’Emilie dans le Gers. ” Most marked trails in the Gers are loops of under 15 miles, many much shorter. One of the loveliest plunges into the deeply corrugated terrain north of Lupiac, which happens to be the birthplace of Charles Ogier de Batz de Castelmore, better known as D’Artagnan, by far the world’s   Gascon and a man of large appetites. The trail follows easements through ancient family farmsteads and bisects a shady wood, a remnant of the Gascon forests that served as hunting grounds for local feudal estates. Another terrific hike starts in the village of   and weaves through the vineyards of Madiran. From the hill crests, on a clear day, you can see the Pyrénées, and in summer the air is filled with the smell of hay, wild grasses and damp earth. I’m particularly fond of the latter hike because if you start right after breakfast, you can be done in time to have lunch at the nearby Ferme Descoubet. This   duck farm will, if you call ahead, prepare a   Gascon   meal and serve it to you in a   farmhouse dining room alongside an   stone hearth. On my last visit, the farm’s owner presented me with an entire, perfectly   duck breast, its fatty skin crisp and just shy of charred. The juicy magret had been grilled, cut into quarters, and arranged around a bed of fried potatoes with a deep, roasted flavor that could only have come from a communion with hot duck fat. Ferme Descoubet lies at the far western edge of the Gers, near where the dense hills of the Gascon heartland flatten out into the alluvial plain of the Adour River. This is sleepy Gascony’s even sleepier hinterland. Here, I have experienced a level of solitude that is hard to find anywhere in mainland France, and I have often been overtaken by the pleasant sensation of coming unmoored from the here and now. It is a feeling that is easy to achieve in Gascony. One of my favorite spots in all of France is a remote settlement deep in the Adour River valley called Mazères. It consists of nothing more than a few houses gathered around a towering, fortresslike   church that looks way too big for its    surroundings. To visit the church you have to walk across the road to the house of the “gardien” and ring the doorbell, which is an actual bell hanging from the home’s old stone gate. If he is home, the   man, possessed of an impressive knowledge of the church’s history and, more important, a key to the place, will show you around the cool, dark sanctuary and point out the room’s marble reliquary, which looks like a creepy dollhouse. Then, in typical Gascon fashion, he will probably engage you in a conversation about the weather and, by way of parting, tell you where you should have lunch. Most visitors to Gascony arriving by air fly into Toulouse, an     drive from Auch, the region’s main city. Auch has a   tourism office (3, place de la République en. . com) that sells “TopoGuides” to the Gers. In Auch, the venerable Hôtel de France ( . com) offers a range of reasonably priced rooms (starting at 75 euros, about $79). Its casual restaurant has a small terrace overlooking Auch’s main square and serves many of the region’s greatest hits. The hotel also has a grande salle, where fancier (and much pricier) fare is served. The Hôtel de Bastard in Lectoure (  . com) has a sleeker, more updated feel, and offers a somewhat lighter version of Gascon and traditional French dishes. Simpler meals can be had for a pittance at many of Gascony’s bistros such as the Le Divan (10, boulevard du Général de Gaulle) in Éauze and the Café du Centre ( . fr) in Maubourguet, or at unpretentious   like the   Café des Sports (73, rue Nationale) in Lectoure. Fancier, if still perfectly Gascon (and perfectly affordable) cooking can be found at L’escale ( . fr) in the picturesque village of Montréal. Ferme Descoubet ( . com) serves ultratraditional Gascon farmhouse fare in an actual farmhouse be sure to call at least a day ahead. Weekly village markets are a great entry point for delving into Gascon foodways. Éauze has an excellent market on Thursday mornings just off the ring road encircling the medieval town center. Mirande’s covered market, held on Monday mornings, is equally lively. The town of   ’Adour has an even bigger covered market, held on Saturday mornings, with a busy buvette, where many a marketgoer can be seen enjoying an   aperitif.",0
19997,Burger King ‘O.K. Google’ Ad Doesn’t Seem O.K. With Google - The New York Times,"Google appeared to stymie a marketing stunt on Wednesday by Burger King, which had introduced a television ad intended to prompt   Google devices to describe its burgers. A video from a Burger King marketing agency showed the plan in action: “You’re watching a   Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich,” the actor in the commercial said. “But I got an idea. O. K. Google, what is the Whopper burger?” Prompted by the phrase “O. K. Google,” the Google Home device beside the TV in the video lit up, searched the phrase on Wikipedia and stated the ingredients. But within hours of the ad’s release  —   and humorous edits to the Whopper Wikipedia page by mischievous users  —   tests from The Verge and BuzzFeed showed that the commercial had stopped activating the device. Burger King, which did not work with Google on the ad, said Google appeared to make changes by Wednesday afternoon that stopped the commercial from waking the devices, in what amounted to an unusual form of corporate warfare in the living room. Google, which previously said it had not been consulted on the campaign, did not respond to requests for comment. It was unclear if Burger King can alter some of the ads, which were to air on Wednesday during “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon,” “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” and other shows, to work around any changes. Burger King’s tactic, while novel, raised eyebrows, particularly as more Americans use smart speakers at home, a trend led by Amazon’s Echo device and its virtual assistant, Alexa. While   gadgets have been praised for the   convenience they offer, they have also raised questions about security and privacy. Bob Gilbreath, chief of Ahalogy, a marketing technology company in Cincinnati, said Burger King’s stunt posed a risk to Google, which introduced Home in November, given that such appliances are “new and unknown to the vast majority of people. ” “Most people don’t trust advertising, and having advertisers continually listen to what happens in our homes is scary,” he said. Amazon and Google have said that their speakers only process people’s speech after registering certain “wake words,” such as “Alexa” or “O. K. Google,” which is what Burger King exploited. “With the onset of consumers buying intelligent system devices and using them at home, we thought this was a good way to make a connection and go directly to guests and tell a story about our product,” José Cil, president of Burger King, said in an interview Wednesday morning. Asked whether he was concerned that consumers might find the advertisement invasive, Mr. Cil said, “We think about our guests’ perception and their perspective on how we interact with them, but on balance we felt this was a really positive way to connect with them. ” The Whopper ad was the second example of a marketer using Home in the last month, which is of note because Google is the largest seller of advertising on the internet. A few weeks ago, some devices apparently played brief, unexpected promotions for “Beauty and the Beast,” a new Disney movie, after the weather forecast and commuting conditions. A Google spokeswoman said the Disney promotion “wasn’t intended to be an ad,” and was part of a feature that provides daily information to Google Home users and sometimes shares “timely content. ” She added, “We’re continuing to experiment with new ways to surface unique content for users, and we could have done better in this case. ” More often, companies are trying to avoid waking devices through the television. Google accidentally set off some speakers recently with its Super Bowl commercial. In January, a television news station’s report on a    girl’s accidental purchase of a dollhouse through Amazon Echo used the name “Alexa,” and inadvertently set off its own round of attempted orders from viewers. Amazon, which has run many TV ads that use the name “Alexa,” said by email, “Given the nature of     technology, live discussions about Echo and Alexa can trigger an   response. ” It said it alters Alexa ads to “minimize Echo devices falsely responding in customer’s homes. ”",0
19998,NYT Advocates Internet Censorship,"NYT Advocates Internet Censorship November 20, 2016 
Exclusive: The New York Times wants a system of censorship for the Internet to block what it calls “fake news,” but the Times ignores its own record of publishing “fake news,” reports Robert Parry. 
By Robert Parry 
In its lead editorial on Sunday, The New York Times decried what it deemed “The Digital Virus Called Fake News” and called for Internet censorship to counter this alleged problem, taking particular aim at Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg for letting “liars and con artists hijack his platform.” 
As this mainstream campaign against “fake news” quickly has gained momentum in the past week, two false items get cited repeatedly, a claim that Pope Francis endorsed Donald Trump and an assertion that Trump was prevailing in the popular vote over Hillary Clinton. I could add another election-related falsehood, a hoax spread by Trump supporters that liberal documentarian Michael Moore was endorsing Trump when he actually was backing Clinton. New York Times building in New York City. (Photo from Wikipedia) 
But I also know that Clinton supporters were privately pushing some salacious and unsubstantiated charges about Trump’s sex life, and Clinton personally charged that Trump was under the control of Russian President Vladimir Putin although there was no evidence presented to support that McCarthyistic accusation. 
The simple reality is that lots of dubious accusations get flung around during the heat of a campaign – nothing new there – and it is always a challenge for professional journalists to swat them down the best we can. What’s different now is that the Times envisions some structure (or algorithm) for eliminating what it calls “fake news.” 
But, with a stunning lack of self-awareness, the Times fails to acknowledge the many times that it has published “fake news,” such as reporting in 2002 that Iraq’s purchase of aluminum tubes meant that it was reconstituting its nuclear weapons program ; its bogus analysis tracing the firing location of a Syrian sarin-laden rocket in 2013 back to a Syrian military base that turned out to be four times outside the rocket’s range; or its publication of photos supposedly showing Russian soldiers inside Russia and then inside Ukraine in 2014 when it turned out that the “inside-Russia” photo was also taken inside Ukraine, destroying the premise of the story. The controversial map developed by Human Rights Watch and embraced by the New York Times, supposedly showing the flight paths of two missiles from the Aug. 21 Sarin attack intersecting at a Syrian military base. 
These are just three examples among many of the Times publishing “fake news” – and all three appeared on Page One before being grudgingly or partially retracted, usually far inside the newspaper under opaque headlines so most readers wouldn’t notice. Much of the Times’ “fake news” continued to reverberate in support of U.S. government propaganda even after the partial retractions. 
Who Is the Judge? 
So, should Zuckerberg prevent Facebook users from circulating New York Times stories? Obviously, the Times would not favor that solution to the problem of “fake news.” Instead, the Times expects to be one of the arbiters deciding which Internet outlets get banned and which ones get gold seals of approval. 
The Times lead editorial, following a front-page article on the same topic on Friday, leaves little doubt what the newspaper would like to see. It wants major Internet platforms and search engines, such as Facebook and Google, to close off access to sites accused of disseminating “fake news.” Photograph published by the New York Times purportedly taken in Russia of Russian soldiers who later appeared in eastern Ukraine. However, the photographer has since stated that the photo was actually taken in Ukraine, and the U.S. State Department has acknowledged the error. 
The editorial said, “a big part of the responsibility for this scourge rests with internet companies like Facebook and Google, which have made it possible for fake news to be shared nearly instantly with millions of users and have been slow to block it from their sites. … 
“Facebook says it is working on weeding out such fabrications. It said last Monday that it would no longer place Facebook-powered ads on fake news websites, a move that could cost Facebook and those fake news sites a lucrative source of revenue. Earlier on the same day, Google said it would stop letting those sites use its ad placement network. These steps would help, but Facebook, in particular, owes its users, and democracy itself, far more. 
“Facebook has demonstrated that it can effectively block content like click-bait articles and spam from its platform by tweaking its algorithms, which determine what links, photos and ads users see in their news feeds. … Facebook managers are constantly changing and refining the algorithms, which means the system is malleable and subject to human judgment.” 
The Times editorial continued: “This summer, Facebook decided to show more posts from friends and family members in users’ news feeds and reduce stories from news organizations, because that’s what it said users wanted. If it can do that, surely its programmers can train the software to spot bogus stories and outwit the people producing this garbage. … 
“Mr. Zuckerberg himself has spoken at length about how social media can help improve society. … None of that will happen if he continues to let liars and con artists hijack his platform.” 
Gray Areas 
But the problem is that while some falsehoods may be obvious and clear-cut, much information exists in a gray area in which two or more sides may disagree on what the facts are. And the U.S. government doesn’t always tell the truth although you would be hard-pressed to find recent examples of the Times recognizing that reality. Especially over the past several decades, the Times has usually embraced the Official Version of a disputed event and has deemed serious skepticism out of bounds. Former New York Times reporter Judith Miller, co-author of the Iraq “aluminum tube” story. 
That was the way the Times treated denials from the Iraqi government and some outside experts who disputed the “aluminum tube” story in 2002 – and how the Times has brushed off disagreements regarding the U.S. government’s portrayal of events in Syria, Ukraine and Russia. Increasingly, the Times has come across as a propaganda conduit for Official Washington rather than a professional journalistic entity. 
But the Times and other mainstream news outlets – along with some favored Internet sites – now sit on a Google-financed entity called the First Draft Coalition , which presents itself as a kind of Ministry of Truth that will decide which stories are true and which are “fake.” 
If the Times’ editorial recommendations are followed, the disfavored stories and the sites publishing them would no longer be accessible through popular search engines and platforms, essentially blocking the public’s access to them. [See Consortiumnews.com’s “ What to Do About ‘Fake News.’ ”] 
The Times asserts that such censorship would be good for democracy – and it surely is true that hoaxes and baseless conspiracy theories are no help to democracy – but regulation of information in the manner that the Times suggests has more than a whiff of Orwellian totalitarianism to it. 
And the proposal is especially troubling coming from the Times, with its checkered recent record of disseminating dangerous disinformation. 
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America’s Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com ).",0
19999,Leftists Claim Dress Code Promotes “Rape Culture”,"Pinterest 
At a prestigious Boston school, they have a pretty strict dress code. No gang-related colors, no cut-offs, nothing too offensive or revealing. 
Women at Boston Latin School can’t wear skirts whose hemlines are more than four inches above the knee and their bra straps can’t be the “spaghetti” style, where they’re so thin they’re barely there. This is a middle and high school folks … not a college for adults. 
It’s a way of showing a little decorum – a little respect for yourself and for the school. 
And it promotes rape culture . 
Because for radical feminists, telling them not to dress provocatively is telling them that men are sexist pigs who simply can’t resist the wiles of a woman. 
They call it “victim-blaming” and while there’s a point to it – you can’t blame a woman for being assault if she’s jogging alone in a park, but certainly you can bring up a woman’s attire if it is specifically designed to attract attention from the opposite sex. 
Let’s be honest: Women sometimes dress for attention. They want guys to look at them. 
But under leftist-feminist theory, they shouldn’t. 
So, as HeatStreet reports, there’s a Change.org petition that claims this dress code sends the message that “we live in a patriarchal society where men can decide whether a female’s clothing is appropriate or inappropriate.” 
The dress code, they claim, creates a “a sense of shame towards girls [sic] bodies” and reinforces the notion that “yes, it is our fault when girls get raped because they should have covered up and avoided the situation by dressing in a way that does not attract another person.” 
I’m not sure what these women want. Do they want to be able to attend school wearing micro-miniskirts and just bras? Pasties? Maybe we shouldn’t have a dress code at all? 
In reaction to the idiotic controversy, Boston Latin School changed their policy, allowing women to wear “leggings” as long as they’re not “see-through.” The rest of the policy will stay in place until Nov. 1 – then it will probably be changed again. 
Here’s how their “petition” reads: By allowing the school to dress code us, we are telling the school several things: Yes, we still live in a patriarchal society where men can decide whether a female’s clothing is appropriate or inappropriate. Yes, a body should be covered in order to be attractive. Establishing a sense of shame towards girls bodies is okay and perfectly acceptable. Yes, a girl’s body is a sinful temptation that needs to be covered up at all costs for others to focus on their education. Yes, a female’s body is more tempting and sexual than a male’s body. Yes, it is our fault when girls get raped because they should have covered up and avoided the situation by dressing in a way that does not attract another person. Are these statements correct to you? Is it okay to assign a dress code in this manner? If the answer is NO! then sign this petition to tell Mr. Contompasis to reconsider his dress code restrictions. 
What a bunch of nonsense. These are CHILDREN. They do not get a say in establishing a school’s dress code. PERIOD.",0
20000,Bill Maher Sparks Outrage After Telling Ben Sasse He’s a ’House N**ga’: ’So Hurtful’,"Bill Maher calling himself a “house n****” on Friday’s episode of Real Time has sparked serious outrage across social media and caused many people, including some prominent black social justice activists, to call for the HBO host to be fired. [During a conversation with Sen. Ben Sasse ( ) Maher told the lawmaker: “I’ve gotta get to Nebraska more. ”  “You’re welcome. We’d love to have you work in the fields with us,” Sen. Sasse jokingly replied. Maher said in response:: “Work in the fields? Senator, I’m a house n****. ” Met with a mix of groans and laughs from the audience, Maher said, “It’s a joke. ” The internet, however, didn’t find Maher’s comments funny or his explanation acceptable. Black Lives Matter activist Deray McKesson wrote on Twitter, “But really, @BillMaher has got to go. There are no explanations that make this acceptable. ” But really, @BillMaher has got to go. There are no explanations that make this acceptable. pic. twitter.   —   deray mckesson (@deray) June 3, 2017,  “And why did the audience think it was okay to laugh? And Ben Sasse doesn’t even flinch. What is happening in the world?” McKesson added. And why did the audience think it was okay to laugh? And Ben Sasse doesn’t even flinch. What is happening in the world?  —   deray mckesson (@deray) June 3, 2017,  Netflix’s Orange is the New Black star Danielle Brooks shared McKesson’s furor at what Maher said, writing on Twitter: “Unacceptable. And the audience applauds! ?! So hurtful. ” Unacceptable. And the audience applauds! ?! So hurtful. https:  .   —   Danielle Brooks (@thedanieb) June 3, 2017,  Soon, social media was filled with journalists, comedians, and viewers who expressed shock and outrage at Maher. Just a quick reminder that Bill Maher is trash,  —   BCC (@ByCommonConsent) June 3, 2017,  Bill Maher gotta go.  —   Nina Parker (@MzGossipGirl) June 3, 2017,  For me, the jig has been up on Bill Maher for a long time. So, nah.  —   Jemele Hill (@jemelehill) June 3, 2017,  Me after watching that clip of Bill Maher pic. twitter.   —   Jamelle Bouie (@jbouie) June 3, 2017,  And Ben Sasse  the audience chuckle along with Bill Maher’s racism  …     https:  .   —   TC (@tchopstl_) June 3, 2017,  I used to love bill maher smh.  —   Ambquisha (@QueChainz) June 3, 2017,  Did bill maher really just say he was a house n****? ???? ??WHAT IS WRONG WITH HIM,  —   kat calabrese (@KatCalabrese) June 3, 2017,  Today is the day Bill Maher became president.  —   Michael Ian Black (@michaelianblack) June 3, 2017,  Some social media users said Maher’s joke was akin to the   stunt Kathy Griffin pulled earlier this week when she posed for a shock photo holding up a bloodied, decapitated head of President Donald Trump. Kathy Griffin: I really fucked up in an attempt to gain attention. Bill Maher: Hold my joint  …    . #RealTime #HouseWhat?  —   Wallace Ritchie (@WallaceRitchie) June 3, 2017,  ”No one can ruin their career faster than Kathy Griffin” Bill Maher  —   Hold my beer,  —   Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) June 3, 2017,  Kathy Griffin at home right now, thankfully watching Bill Maher like pic. twitter.   —   Behdad Sami (@iambdsami) June 3, 2017,  Tiger Woods: Nobody could screw up their career the way I did last weekend.  Kathy Griffin: Hold my beer. Bill Maher: Mind if I join you?  —   Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) June 3, 2017,  This isn’t the first time Maher has dropped the   during a TV broadcast. The    comedian said during a September 2010 interview with Larry King that Republicans referred to President Barack Obama as “Kenyan,” which is “code for n*****. ” “That’s the new Kenyan, Larry. And Kenyan, of course, was code for [the  ]. But that’s where they are. They can’t say it out loud. But that’s where this whole campaign is going to be,” Maher said according to a CNN transcript. During a February episode of Real Time, Maher said, “I don’t know it for a fact that Jeff Sessions is a big fan of the movie Loving because he loves being able to talk about Ruth Negga,” referring to the   star who’s name sounds similar to the  .  Maher, who is in his 15th season as host of Real Time, has not publicly responded to the controversy. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
20001,Rasmussen: 57 Percent Support a Temporary Ban on Refugees From Terror-Exporting Countries - Breitbart,"A strong majority of voters support a temporary ban on refugees from unstable and violent countries, Rasmussen Reports found. [Nearly   of voters want the U. S. government to halt refugee resettlement until better controls to screen foreigners can be implemented, according to Rasmussen:  A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone and online survey finds that 57 percent of Likely U. S. Voters favor a temporary ban on refugees from Syria, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen until the federal government approves its ability to screen out potential terrorists form coming here.   percent are opposed, while 10 percent are undecided. Similarly, 56 percent favor a temporary block on visas prohibiting residents of Syria, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen from entering the United States until the government approves its ability to screen for likely terrorists.   percent oppose this temporary ban, and 11 percent are undecided. The   survey questions do not mention President Trump’s executive action issued on Friday: “Do you favor or oppose a temporary ban on refugees from Syria, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen until the federal government improves its ability to screen out potential terrorists from coming here?” “Do you favor or oppose a temporary block on visas prohibiting residents of Syria, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen from entering the United States until the federal government improves its ability to screen out potential terrorists from coming here?” Public sentiment is largely unchanged from August, when 59 percent of likely voters wanted a temporary immigration moratorium placed on countries who export terrorism. In September, 59 percent opposed failed Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s plan to dramatically increase the importation of Syrian refugees, while only 25 percent approved. Another poll conducted in August found only 36 percent of voters wanted to import thousands of Syrian refugees, including only 18 percent of Republicans. These numbers reflect the broader public mood on extreme immigration levels. For example, another   poll found 54 percent of voters would like to see immigration levels halved or reduced to zero. Another 58 percent think illegal aliens should not be allowed to stay in the U. S. at all. Rasmussen questioned 1, 000 likely voters from Jan. 25 to Jan. 26, with margin of error of plus or minus three percentage points.",0
20002,VIDEO: Cop Crashes Car and Runs Away When More Cops Arrive,"
An award-winning California state trooper was caught on camera fleeing the scene after crashing his patrol car into a parked vehicle and a utility pole, snapping it in half, on Thursday afternoon at 2:30 p.m.
When other officers approached and asked him to explain what happened, officer Daniel Kenney refused to get out of the vehicle. With at least three officers surrounding the front end of the car, Kenney reverses and then speeds away past a cameraman across the street.
Kenney, a state park K-9 officer, is now on paid administrative leave.

Nearly 1,000 homes and business in the area were left without power.
Officers placed Kenney in handcuffs when he eventually decided to pull over. He was taken to a hospital where it was determined that he was not intoxicated.
A man inside the parked vehicle which Kenney struck suffered minor injuries and was taken to the hospital, according to Action News Now. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . ",0
20003,Why Does Fall Foliage Turn So Red and Fiery? It Depends. - The New York Times,"Leaves scream their final cries in color before dropping to the ground. Their shouts  —   in golden, crimson or scarlet  —   eventually fade to brown bellows, and their lifeless bodies dry up on the forest floor. It absorbs their crinkly corpses and that’s it  —   worm food. The fall of a leaf in autumn is an orchestrated death. A complex, brilliant, beautiful death. Right now across the United States, fall foliage season is peaking, and everyone’s out to get a peep at the fiery show. Hiking trails are crowded. Mountain roads are packed, and leaf cams are getting lots of love. When you think of it as watching the death of leaves, it sounds morbid, but it’s captivating nonetheless. Does the way some turn red in the process serve any purpose? Leaves actually start out yellow. Chlorophyll, the chemical responsible for giving leaves their green appearance and converting light to energy during photosynthesis, just overpowers it in the spring and summer. But when temperature, daylight and weather events like rain or drought cause leaves to die in the fall, chlorophyll breaks down and reveals the yellow or orange helper chemicals known as carotenes or carotenoids that were there all along. Red is another story, because it’s made on purpose. As some leaves die, they produce chemicals called anthocyanins (also found in the skin of grapes and apples) from built up sugars. These chemicals produce a red pigment that can combine with green pigments left from chlorophyll and display different shades of red. How bright this red is depends on what species the leaf belongs to, its inherent genetics and the environment around it  —   including the forest, the tree, and individual leaves, said John Silander, an ecologist and evolutionary biologist at The University of Connecticut. But with the chemical explanation out of the way, the question still remains: Why do some leaves use precious energy to turn red right before dying? There are a handful of evolutionary explanations, Dr. Silander said, but many of them sound contradictory. According to a 2007 paper published in The Botanical Review, red and yellow fall leaves could be flashing arrows that attract birds and mammals to a tree’s fruits. Animals that stop by for a bite will then do what animals do, dispersing the seeds as they go, thereby aiding in the species’ survival. On the other hand, colored leaves could work like the wings of the monarch butterfly, warning others about   defensive poisons or chemicals that tend to be in red leaves. But this could be wrong, too. Pests laying eggs in the fall might prefer drab plants rather than bright ones, leaving the bright ones to survive. “It may be an ‘I’m   don’t bother’ signal to potential insects, pests, or parasites that they should look elsewhere,” Kerissa Battle, a community science educator at Community Greenways Collaborative, wrote in an email. But then again, she said, the red color could also signal that a leaf is on its way out, and there’s not much healthy stuff left to eat before it drops. With these and other contradictory hypotheses, what else could explain all that red foliage? Robert Guy, a professor of forestry at the University of British Columbia, suggested it could have something to do with the autumn sun. While it doesn’t appear to be true in all trees, red probably works like a sunshade in maple trees. Abby van den Berg, an ecologist at the University of Vermont, found that protecting leaves from sun damage lets them do important stuff on their way out, like sending nutrients back into the tree to store for later use. If something goes wrong during this critical process, the whole tree suffers. This is also why new buds are also often red  —   that’s another critical time when a tree needs to avoid sun damage. “Protection from bright light (and probably UV light as well) during the process of leaf senescence is the best explanation for why the leaves of some trees turn red in autumn” Dr. Guy wrote in an email. So when you go out and watch thousands of leaves absorb sunlight one last time, keep this in mind: They didn’t die in vain.",0
20004,Trump’s National Security Adviser: “Islam is a Political Ideology… Hides behind this Notion of it being a Religion”!,"by Onan Coca, Freedom OutPost : 
In a speech from August that is now making waves across the country, president-elect Donald Trump’s National Security Adviser designate, Lt. General Michael Flynn (retired) told the Dallas chapter of ACT! For America that “Islam is a political ideology, it is a political ideology. It definitely hides behind this notion of it being a religion.” 
The comments are sure to be brought back up when Flynn goes before the Senate to testify during his confirmation hearings. However, Flynn’s personality and his public persona lead me to believe that he’s not worried about facing tough questions from hostile Democrat Senators. 
In his speech, Flynn further commented on the differences between Christianity and Islam before making some even more controversial comments about world Islam today. 
“Islam is a political ideology, it is a political ideology. It definitely hides behind this notion of it being a religion. I have a very, very tough time because I don’t see a lot of people screaming ‘Jesus Christ’ with hatchetsor machetes or rifles shooting up clubs or hatcheting, literally axing families on a train. 
Or like they just killed a couple of police officers with a machete. I mean, it’s unbelievable. So we have a problem. 
It’s like cancer. I’ve gone through cancer in my own life. And so it’s like cancer, and it’s like a malignant cancer, though in this case that has metastasized. 
It’s like I just said in the number of attacks in 22 countries in just the last 45 days. When I look back over the last 10 years or 15 years of my life and the things that I’ve seen and the things that I’ve witnessed against this very vicious threat. 
The folks at MRC TV cut video of Flynn’s speech with an interview he gave to MSNBC where the topic of discussion was Russia. In the interview Flynn explains why the current liberal stance towards Russia is all wrong – while Russia may not be a “good guy” in the narrative, they’re certainly preferable to the Muslim terrorists that we’re both fighting against. 
“We have to deal with Russia,” he said. “We cannot make Russia an enemy. Russia is a nation that is deeply involved in the Middle East. Right now, the Middle East is totally unstable. We have over 5,000 of our own troops there in Iraq trying to fight the rise of ISIS.” 
“Russia’s directly involved,” he said. “So we have to figure out ways to work with them instead of making them an antagonist.”",0
20005,PHOTOS: President Trump Welcome Ceremony At Tel Aviv Airport,"President Donald Trump was welcomed to Israel on Monday with at a red carpet ceremony at Ben Gurion International Airport near Tel Aviv featuring a large delegation that included Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his wife Sarah as well as Netanyahu’s cabinet and Knesset Members.[   A military band played the U. S. and Israeli national anthems before Trump, Netanyahu and Israeli President Reuven Rivlin walked to a podium to deliver brief remarks.       After the arrival ceremony at Ben Gurion Airport, Trump traveled by helicopter to Jerusalem and for a meeting with  Rivlin at the Israeli president’s residence.  From there Trump and his delegation will continue to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, one of the holiest sites in Christianity, and stop for a visit to the Western Wall before heading to a private social dinner with Netanyahu. On Tuesday, Trump’s schedule includes a meeting with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Bethlehem and a wreath laying ceremony at Israel’s Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial.  Trump will then give a speech at the Israel Museum in Jerusalem before departing the country for the Vatican. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.",0
20006,Daily Mail Editor Triggers Article 50,"November 8, 2016 
Notoriously mild-mannered editor of the Daily Mail, Paul Dacre, made his move to trigger Article 50 today, arguing that 49 articles about Brexit in his paper each day just wasn’t enough to get his message across. 
‘We’ve tried everything. ‘Take a Bow Britain’, ‘Enemies of the People’, ‘You’re all a bunch of European-loving t****’, noted Dacre placidly. ‘However, some people remain unconvinced by the softly-softly, measured, evidence based headline-making that is our hallmark. It’s time for more drastic measures.’ 
All features in the paper will now be expected to have a Brexit angle, with the exception of the daily filler piece on the dangers of statins, for which copy is already in the can for at least the next five years. 
Early sightings of tomorrow’s paper reveal a front-pager on the big overnight news from the US, revealing ‘Meghan Markle looking Supreme, that’s the Judgement of everyone, as she looks for a quick Brexit back to Stateside’. Crossword answers must now be drawn from a series of approved words, which include Brexit, May, Article 50, invoke, the, people, have, spoken, timetable, for, exit, now, now and NOW! The regular free garden seeds promotion will feature a new ‘sovereign Brtain’ bloom which the paper hopes will blossom ‘sometime in 2017′, but which the planting notes caution will need much attention and care from May. 
Some at the paper are said to be uncomfortable with Dacre’s new editorial policy, but they know that arguing with him is ultimately a futile exercise. ‘Colleagues say that likes to impose his will on the paper’, said one insider. ‘At least that’s what I think they meant when they talked about that big cock on the Mail.’   8th, 2016 by chrisf   chrisf   UK News 0",0
20007,Trump Tower Climber Snatched by Police as the Internet Watches - The New York Times,"A lone man’s climb up the side of Trump Tower became a New York City spectacle on Wednesday afternoon after thousands watched his ascent in real time on television, through social media and in person. The man was pulled off the building’s facade and apprehended by police officers who had removed a glass panel on the 21st floor about three hours into his climb. By then, he had become a social media sensation, as people watched live videos posted on Facebook and Periscope, a live   app. A stream on Facebook from   in New York received more than four million views, and people commented along with the action. Clad in shorts and a   the climber began to scale the building around 3:30 p. m. the police said, wearing a harness and using what appeared to be suction cups to aid his climb. William Aubry, the New York Police Department’s assistant chief of the Manhattan South detective squad, told reporters that the man was a    from Virginia who had told them he sought to scale the tower with one purpose: to gain a personal meeting with Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee. Police officials said he told them about a YouTube video he posted on Tuesday that explained his motives. In the widely shared video that matched the police’s description, titled “Message to Mr. Trump (why I climbed your tower),” a hooded man claimed he was an “independent researcher. ” “Believe me, if my purpose was not significant, I would not risk my life pursuing it,” the man said solemnly. “The reason I climbed your tower was to get your attention. ” Police did not release the name of the man, whom they took to Bellevue Hospital Center for an evaluation. On Wednesday night, Mr. Trump expressed his appreciation for the police on Twitter, writing, “Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber. ” Livestreaming, which increasingly draws wide audiences, has helped turn the outlandish happenings that occur periodically in a place like New York into viral public events. In June, a broadcast primarily seen on Periscope of a naked man whom the police described as “emotionally disturbed” became a similar public spectacle. With the climber’s image being broadcast  —   and commented on  —   far and wide on Wednesday, the man perched, if only briefly, at the intersection of two unpredictable worlds: the combustible presidential campaign and the chaotic city beneath him. The climb and frenzy that followed were also the latest instance in which Trump Tower has starred in a noteworthy role during the campaign. The building on Fifth Avenue, the site of Mr. Trump’s campaign launch and his residence, has prompted some of the same strong emotions as those inspired by the candidate himself. It has been a magnet for those making political statements: a protester in a Ku Klux   hood who tussled with security guards in September 200 marchers in December   activists in the spring. It has also been the site of a zoning tussle, magnified by the stakes of the presidential election, after the Trump Organization was forced to remove a Trump kiosk from its lobby, which had been designated as a public space as part of an agreement that allowed the developer to add 20 stories to the building’s height. And it has burnished its status as a tourist attraction, drawing more than one million visitors every year from around the globe. On Wednesday, hundreds of people gawked from the streets below, filming the climb with cameras and phones, oohing after the man dropped an object. Some cheered for him, remarking on the difficulty of his climb. “You will never believe what I just saw,” a woman leaving the commotion said into her cellphone. Aaron Hesseltine, 17, in town with his family from Saranac Lake, N. Y. to see Alex Rodriguez’s last game with the Yankees, watched for an hour and a half, documenting the experience on Snapchat for his friends at home. His last missive showed the moment the climber disappeared into the opening. ”They got him,” it read.",0
20008,"Trump, Sessions, Pompeo, Flynn: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1.   Donald Trump has chosen three hawkish loyalists for key posts. They are Senator Jeff Sessions as attorney general, Representative Mike Pompeo as C. I. A. director and retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn as national security adviser. All three are regarded as outliers from conventional Republican thinking, shunned in various ways for viewpoints that were seen as unacceptable or overly partisan. Mr. Sessions, an Alabama conservative, was denied a federal judgeship by the Senate Judiciary Committee in 1986 because of racially charged comments. Mr. Pompeo, above, a member of the House Intelligence Committee, would become one of the most overtly partisan figures to take over the C. I. A.  —   a spy agency that, at least publicly, is supposed to operate above politics and avoid a direct role in policymaking. General Flynn was the angry voice of the national security establishment on the campaign trail. He describes Islam as a political ideology, not a religion, and has even called it a cancer. ____ 2. Mr. Trump agreed to pay $25 million to settle lawsuits stemming from his defunct   education venture, Trump University. Fraud allegations by former students had dogged him for years and hampered his presidential campaign. Above, Mr. Trump announced the establishment of the university in 2005. ____ 3. The World Health Organization declared an end to its global health emergency over the spread of the Zika virus. Zika should now be treated as a continuing problem rather than an exceptional situation, the agency said. The move prompted dismay from some public health experts, especially because Zika is seasonal and summer is just starting in the Southern Hemisphere. Above, a baby born with microcephaly in Brazil. ____ 4. Confederate flags are being displayed across the country, often as a kind of rejoinder to   protesters. Those who have publicly embraced the flag are a small minority of the more than 60 million Americans who voted for Mr. Trump. But  displays of the flag  —   and reports of threats and attacks directed at minorities  —   are forcing Americans to confront vexing questions about race relations. ____ 5. A     windowless, fortified ATT building in downtown Manhattan has been identified as an N. S. A. listening post. Neither ATT nor the National Security Agency would confirm this, but that’s the conclusion of a short film debuting this weekend, based on material provided by Edward Snowden. The film, “Project X,” says the building was   Titanpointe and used to collect communications from international entities with operations in New York. ____ 6. In a new study, scientists using genetic engineering techniques were able to alter photosynthesis, the chemical reaction powering nearly all life on Earth. They increased the productivity of a test plant by 20 percent, raising hopes that they could do the same with food crops. Above, rice seedlings that are part of the experiment in a lab at the University of Illinois. ____ 7. Mr. Trump’s election has upended French politics and given new momentum to the far right. But it could also propel an aging, generally unpopular   politician into the presidency. Alain Juppé is the   heading into a party primary this Sunday. He’s seen as a bulwark against rising populism. ____ 8. Pope Francis’ third set of cardinals will receive their “red hats” at a ceremony on Saturday. Most of the current cardinals were appointed by his more conservative predecessors. The    pontiff is in a race against time to appoint enough   cardinals to ensure that his vision of the church endures after he dies. ___ 9. Pirates are sowing terror along the Amazon River in Brazil. Robberies and boat hijackings have surged as local drug gangs grow stronger. The police are struggling to respond. “There’s no law on the Amazon River,” said one woman whose son was robbed. ____ 10. Here are eight new books we recommend this week. From Wesley Lowery’s reportage on police shootings to Zadie Smith’s new novel, they elucidate and offer escape from the noisy politics of our times. ____ 11. Finally, we built an interactive meal planner for Thanksgiving. Tell us how many guests are coming, their dietary needs and your culinary dreams. In return, we’ll offer recipe ideas and tips for an extraordinary Thanksgiving meal. (And if it’s your first time making Thanksgiving, you may want to head straight to a specially selected batch of simple recipes.) Have a great weekend. ____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
20009,Gardasil Vaccine Given without Consent and Ruins Life of 14 Year Old Girl,"Gardasil Vaccine Given without Consent and Ruins Life of 14 Year Old Girl Savannah with her mother Sarah Snyder. 
Health Impact News 
The VAXXED film crew continues interviewing people who are vaccine damaged around the country. 
In this interview in Nebraska, 14 year old Savannah Snyder is interviewed along with her mother Sarah. 
Savannah talks about her experiences in receiving her 7th grade required vaccines. Her mother Sarah explains that she only gave permission for Savannah to receive the required vaccines. Gardasil, the HPV vaccine, is an optional vaccine. Sarah explains that she had been warned about this vaccine and wanted to investigate it further. 
You believe your doctor. Every parent believes their doctor. We’re all trying to do the right thing. 
But Savannah was given the Gardasil vaccine anyway, without their original knowledge. She immediately started suffering some side effects, such as a headache, almost fainting, and skin rashes breaking out. She soon developed pneumonia and other infections. 
As time went on, things got worse. She started experiencing seizures, including grand mal seizures. She was hospitalized many times for severe pain. Her mother tearfully explains that Savannah would wake up in the middle of the night and state that she was dying. 
Like many other parents of children with Gardasil injuries, Sarah relates how they had little support, and that most people just thought it was all in Savannah’s head. 
But after a trip to the Mayo clinic, Savannah was diagnosed with POTS (postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome), a known side effect of Gardasil that affects the heart. (See: Cardiologist Comments on New Study Linking HPV Vaccines to POTS ) 
Savannah explains that before the Gardasil shot, she was very active and athletic. She was in the process of joining a gym. Now, she has difficulties speaking and walking, and needs a feeding tube. 
Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com. 
Watch the entire interview: More information about Gardasil Leaving a lucrative career as a nephrologist (kidney doctor), Dr. Suzanne Humphries is now free to actually help cure people. In this autobiography she explains why good doctors are constrained within the current corrupt medical system from practicing real, ethical medicine. FREE Shipping Available! Order here . Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? eBook – Available for immediate download. 
One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.” 
However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines. 
The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary. 
Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field. 
In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual. 
Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot. 
These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions. 
In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe. Read : Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device!",0
20010,Kushner Family Apologizes for Mentioning Jared’s Name at EB-5 Visa Investor Meeting in China - Breitbart,"Nicole Kushner Meyer is apologizing for mentioning her brother, Jared Kushner, a senior White House adviser and    to President Donald Trump, during an investment conference in China over the weekend. [“In 2008, my brother Jared Kushner joined the family company as CEO, and recently moved to Washington to join the administration,” Meyer said at the conference aimed at encouraging Chinese developers to invest in a New Jersey real estate project, according to CNN.  On Monday, Kushner Companies said Meyer’s remarks were not meant to motivate investors to sign onto the real estate project. “Ms. Meyer wanted to make clear that her brother had stepped away from the company in January and has nothing to do with this project,” the company said in a statement. Meyer never mentioned the president’s name during the investor event, but Trump’s photo was seen in a slide at the conference that detailed the “key decision makers” on the   program, CNN reports. Kushner Companies distanced itself from the photo Monday, insisting that the image “was part of a presentation by the event’s organizers. ” “Kushner Companies had nothing to do with it,” the company said. The   visa program encourages wealthy foreign nationals to make substantial investments in U. S.  business ventures in exchange for a Green Card and a investor visa. Saturday’s event was hosted by Qiaowai, a Chinese company seeking funding for the Kushner 1 project in New Jersey. Reuters reports that journalists were “barred” from the event. Reporters were barred from a Kushner Companies event that offered Chinese investors a chance to get   visas: https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Reuters Top News (@Reuters) May 8, 2017,  The program has come under intense scrutiny by both Republicans and Democrats. California Democrat Sen. Dianne Feinstein opposes the   visa program, arguing that it allows monied foreign nationals to use their wealth to buy visas and U. S. citizenship. The program  —   which was extended and sneakily slipped into the latest spending bill  —   is rife with abuse, leading to fraud convictions. GreenTech Automotive, the electric car manufacturer   by Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe  —   funded   by   visas granted to Chinese investors, and pushed through the   approval process by Tony Rodham, Hillary Clinton’s brother  —   failed to make its first payment on a $3 million loan from the state of Mississippi. The company shuttered its Mississippi factory earlier this year. Jared Kushner stepped away from his family’s business after becoming a senior adviser to President Trump. He is married to Trump’s daughter Ivanka, who also serves in the White House as an assistant to the President. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
20011,Homeopathy in the NHS: The Big Debate,"Keywords: complimentary medicine , holistic health , homeopathy , nhs 
The Department for Health is currently reviewing whether or not homeopathy in the NHS should continue to be available through doctor referrals. Against a backdrop of funding cuts and increasing pressure to reduce costs, the Government and health managers are looking at whether to add homeopathy to the NHS’s “schedule 1” blacklist, a selection of products that NHS doctors are banned from prescribing. 
However despite consistent claims that there is a lack of quality evidence into the positive health benefits of homeopathy, the NHS has spent more than £1.75m on homeopathic treatments over the last 10 years, and any proposed ban is likely to have its fair share of detractors. 
Almost six million Brits seek the help complementary and alternative medicine (of which homeopathy is a part) with one in four wanting access to be universally available through the NHS. 
The lead argument for the exclusion of homeopathic treatment is lack of evidence that supports its effectiveness, with research often being labeled as “inconclusive”. However proponents for the inclusion of homeopathy argue that this doesn’t necessarily mean that there is no evidence. 
Dr Helen Beaumont, a GP and the president of the Faculty of Homeopathy, has recently stated that homeopathic treatment has a “profound effect” on patients. 
“It’s disappointing that at a time when the NHS is facing a funding crisis the Department of Health is embarking on a costly consultation that could prevent highly skilled clinicians prescribing a course of treatment that benefits thousands of patients each year. If the department were serious about saving money surely it should be looking at SSRIs (Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors) prescribed for mild to moderate depression in vast quantities at considerable cost to the NHS, but which studies have found to be ineffective for those conditions.” 
George Freeman, the minister for life sciences, has stated that in a time of rising demand, the government has a duty to ensure NHS funds are spent only on the most effective treatments. However an article in the British Medical Journal (BMJ) that examined the scientific evidence behind NHS treatments, found that 46% of 2,500 commonly used NHS treatments are of unknown effectiveness, and only 13% are known to be beneficial. The argument is being made that the principals being applied to homeopathy, are consistent for all forms of treatments throughout the NHS. 
Collating research itself has also proved to be difficult, with the positive effects of homeopathy often a challenge to fully quantify. The NHS is driven by targets and trial evidence using hard data (like death and disease) to determine the effectiveness of a particular treatment. Researching and recording a patients quality of life, happiness and emotional satisfaction has always been much more difficult to quantify, but a wealth of anecdotal evidence and studies from other European countries continue to support the use of homeopathic treatment. 
For example, in 2008, over a hundred homeopathic GP practices in Germany and Switzerland took up the challenge (1) of demonstrating the health of “chronically ill patients after eight years of homeopathic treatment”. It concluded that homeopathy is clinically effective, cost-effective and safe – with the results playing an important role in the inclusion of homeopathy as part of their national healthcare scheme. 
Similarly the largest study at Bristol Homeopathic Hospital (2) followed the effectiveness of homeopathy on 6,500 consecutive patients over a six-year period. 70% of follow-up patients reported improved health with 50% reporting major improvement. 
The debate whether homeopathy in the NHS will no doubt continue. The homeopathic profession has had to face increasing criticism and hostility over recent years, but with an average annual spend of £152,000 on homeopathic treatment (the equivalent of 0.0013% of the total NHS drug budget) it should be remembered that if these patients were not treated with homeopathic medicines, they would have to be treated by other NHS departments with potentially more expensive, conventional drugs. (1) – BMC Public Health BMC Series, 2008, 8: 413; doi: 10.1186/1471-2458-8-413 
(2) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16296912 
This post was written by The Elysian Centre, a multi-disciplinary practice for holistic healing and homeopathy in Rye, East Sussex.",0
20012,It’s Coming… UNPRECEDENTED US BOND DUMPING | Jim Willie,"Home » Gold » Gold News » It’s Coming… UNPRECEDENTED US BOND DUMPING | Jim Willie 
A dollar collapse is coming… Jim Willie editor of the Hat Trick letter joins Silver Doctors to Sound the Alarm : foreign governments are getting concerned about the Federal Reserve devaluing the U.S. dollar. As a result, foreign governments are dumping U.S. debt at an unprecedented rate. 

Regarding the U.S. presidential election, Willie says the polls and voting machines are rigged. However, Willie remains hopeful that after the election we will be released from this “fascist dictatorship.” 
Stay tuned to hear The Golden Jackass answer viewers questions! 
Subscribe HERE for free to the Silver Doctors’ YouTube channel so you do not miss part 2!",0
20013,Gauis Publius: TPP Has Picked Up a Powerful Enemy — Black Lives Matter,"Mark Warner, Virginia Ron Wyden, Oregon 
In both houses of Congress, these were the barest of margins — 218 Yes votes in the House and 60 Yes votes in the Senate, in each case exactly the minimum required for passage. Another indication of how toxic this “trade” bill is. No Democrat dared touch it who didn’t want to or have to. 
Black Lives Matter and the TPP 
And now the TPP has become even more toxic, since the Black Lives Matter (BLM) social-justice movement has endorsed the anti-TPP position. Politico Pro has this (sub. required; my emphasis): 
Obama’s latest TPP foe: Black Lives Matter By Andrew Hanna Monday, Oct. 31, 2016 
The Obama administration will face an unexpected adversary as it gears up for what could be a blockbuster lame-duck fight over the Trans-Pacific Partnership: the Black Lives Matter movement. 
The group — best known best for its protests of police shootings of African-Americans — has joined the fray over the Asian Pacific trade deal as part of its growing focus on economic issues, contending the pact would lead to greater racial injustice . It ties past trade deals to the closures of factories that have hurt black workers disproportionately and increased black poverty . 
Its involvement could influence the votes of a handful of wavering Democrats, should Congress tackle TPP during the lame duck. 
“There are groups that are going to pay a lot of close attention to what they say, especially the Congressional Black Caucus,” said Bill Reinsch, a fellow at the Stimson Center and close trade-vote watcher. 
Only a small band of 28 House Democrats voted to give the president fast track authority to complete TPP, including three members of the Congressional Black Caucus: Reps. Gregory Meeks (D-N.Y.), Eddie Bernice Johnson (D-Texas) and Terri Sewell (D-Ala.). A fourth black caucus member, Republican Mia Love of Utah, also voted for fast-track authority. 
With anti-trade fervor whipped into a fever pitch by the presidential election campaign, their votes are considered key to passage of the pact — and all are under increasing pressure to abandon the president should the pact come to a ratification vote. 
The pretend reason, of course, for TPP support is support for a major legacy “want” by the first black president. The pro-Clinton members of the Democratic Platform Committee, for example, resisted to the end any explicit language about TPP on the grounds that the Party must support its president. 
Democrats Prioritize Party Unity Over Including Stand Against TPP In Platform 
Members of the Democratic National Convention Platform Committee shot down an attempt to include specific opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal in the platform, despite the fact that both Democratic presidential candidates have taken positions against the TPP. 
The attempt failed because members appointed by Hillary Clinton and DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz claimed it was improper to oppose the TPP when President Barack Obama fervently believes in the agreement. However, by putting party unity before taking a firm stand against the trade agreement, the door was left open for Clinton to go back to supporting the TPP , which was the case when she was secretary of state. 
“It is hard for me to understand why Secretary Clinton’s delegates won’t stand behind Secretary Clinton’s positions in the party’s platform,” Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders said…. 
Even platform committee chair, Representative E.J. Cummings [normally progressive on trade issues], chose to vote against the resolution. He, too, bragged about not voting for trade agreements. 
“I don’t want to do anything as he ends his term to undercut the president of the United States. I’m just not going to do it. And that’s where I stand,” Cummings proclaimed. 
That’s the pretend reason — supporting the first black president — for most of them anyway. The real reason is different and not unexpected — money and everything money can buy. The Democratic Party as it’s currently configured exists to enable the fire hose flow of corporate and big-wealth dollars into its coffers. Opposing that flow gets you the “Sanders treatment,” but I’m not spilling any new beans in saying that. 
This move by Black Lives Matter takes away the pretend reason and thus puts some careers at risk. BLM has high visibility at the moment. It will be worth watching the result, the actual TPP vote, as this plays out later. 
What to Watch For in the Lame Duck 
Once the Democrats figure out how many Republicans will defect from their leadership in each house of Congress (there were 50 House Republican defections last time plus six not voting, and five Senate defections plus two not voting), they’ll know how many Democrats will have to “take one for the team” — vote Yes on TPP so others with reputations to protect (like Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi ) don’t have to. 
The numbers needed to pass TPP in the Senate have changed this time. Only 51 votes are needed there now (that’s part of what “fast track” means). Finding 50 No votes in the Senate is not an impossible task, but it’s a very high bar — depending on the way Republicans vote, as few as four “Democrats” like Ron Wyden could guarantee passage. 
So the greatest vulnerability for TPP is in the House . Can Democrats again muster something like 28 pro-corporate votes? Which Democrats will chose to take the fall a second time? Corporatists like Ron Kind will eagerly comply. But will Earl Blumenauer ( bow-tie bicycle guy )? Will CBC members Sewell and Johnson, with BLM lobbying hard against them? Or will other House Democrats be needed (and willing) to take the fall so Pelosi can move TPP across the line? 
Again, Fast Track passed the House with zero votes to spare. What if the Republican opposition — including the opposition to Speaker Ryan in the wake of the Trump debacle — swells to more than 50? This could be a very close vote. 
TPP, Obama’s Legacy and “A Glide Path to His Life as an Ex-President” 
The Politico article quoted above helpfully notes this about Obama’s legacy: 
If successfully pushed through Congress, ratification of the trade accord would be the last major piece of legislation of the Obama presidency. The prospect that black lawmakers and activists could help to hand him a defeat is complicated by Obama’s position as the first black president. 
“ This is part of President Obama’s legacy ,” said [CBC member Gregory] Meeks. 
Will Barack Obama get his legacy wish, along with his legacy library and foundation? The New York Times a few weeks ago told us this about Obama’s future plans and needs: 
Publicly, Mr. Obama betrays little urgency about his future. Privately, he is preparing for his postpresidency with the same fierce discipline and fund-raising ambition that characterized the 2008 campaign that got him to the White House. 
The long-running dinner this past February is part of a methodical effort taking place inside and outside the White House as the president, first lady and a cadre of top aides map out a postpresidential infrastructure and endowment they estimate could cost as much as $1 billion . The president’s aides did not ask any of the guests for library contributions after the dinner, but a number of those at the table could be donors in the future…. 
So far, Mr. Obama has raised just over $5.4 million from 12 donors, with gifts ranging from $100,000 to $1 million. Michael J. Sacks, a Chicago businessman, gave $666,666. Fred Eychaner, the founder of Chicago-based Newsweb Corp., which owns community newspapers and radio stations, donated $1 million. Mark T. Gallogly, a private equity executive, and James H. Simons, a technology entrepreneur, each contributed $340,000 to a foundation set up to oversee development of the library. 
The real push for donations, foundation officials said, will come after Mr. Obama leaves the White House . 
Shailagh Murray, a senior adviser, oversees an effort inside the White House to keep attention on Mr. Obama’s future and to ensure that his final 17 months in office, barring crises, serve as a glide path to his life as an ex-president . 
“A glide path to his life as an ex-president.” I guess you could call him, after his 2008 trademark, “ever hopeful and looking for change” Interesting times indeed. 0 0 0 0 0 0",0
20014,NPR Journalist and Translator Killed by Taliban in Afghanistan - The New York Times,"KABUL, Afghanistan  —   An American journalist for NPR was killed on Sunday afternoon along with his Afghan translator in a Taliban ambush in southern Afghanistan, the Afghan military confirmed. NPR also confirmed their deaths on Sunday. The victims were identified as David Gilkey, a photographer and videographer who was part of a   NPR team embedded with Afghan Special Forces in Helmand Province, and his translator, Zabihullah Tamanna. The other two American journalists on the team were unhurt. Mr. Gilkey was the first civilian American journalist killed during the    Afghan conflict since 1992, at least 27 journalists have been killed in Afghanistan, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists. In 2010, James P. Hunter, a staff sergeant and journalist with the 101st Airborne Division, was killed by an improvised explosive device. The journalists were in a   special forces convoy driving on the main road from Lashkar Gah, the capital of Helmand Province, to Marja when Taliban insurgents fired at the convoy with heavy weapons, said Shakil Ahmad, the spokesman for the Afghan National Army’s 215th Corps in Helmand. The vehicle carrying Mr. Gilkey and Mr. Tamanna was destroyed, Mr. Ahmad said. It was not immediately clear where the other two NPR journalists were at the time of the attack. After a heavy firefight, the Afghan government forces recovered the victims’ bodies and retreated to a nearby Afghan police base, Mr. Ahmad said. The bodies were then flown to Camp Bastion, the corps headquarters, which was once the major American and British base in Helmand, late Sunday. Mr. Gilkey was an   journalist who had extensive experience covering conflicts in Gaza, South Africa, Iraq, the Balkans and Afghanistan. After he covered the 2010 earthquake in Haiti, Mr. Gilkey talked about his profession in a video. “It’s not just reporting. It’s not just taking pictures,” he said. “It’s do those visuals, do the stories, do they change somebody’s mind enough to take action?” The NPR team’s most recent report, Thursday on the network’s “Morning Edition” program, described American Army Special Forces troops working with their Afghan counterparts and using drones to hunt Taliban insurgents. Mr. Gilkey’s photographs accompanied an online version of the report. The last foreign journalist killed in Afghanistan was Anja Niedringhaus, a German citizen and an Associated Press photographer, who was shot by a rogue policeman when she was covering the Afghan presidential election in 2014. The NPR team also included Monika Evstatieva, the director of the “All Things Considered” program, and Tom Bowman, NPR’s Pentagon correspondent.",0
20015,Former Knick Charles Oakley Is Arrested After Altercation at Madison Square Garden - The New York Times,"When Jeff Hornacek took the job as the Knicks coach last May, he did so with eyes wide open. He was not oblivious to the dysfunction that has been a part of the organization for years. He expected some controversy or another with the Knicks. Roughly nine months into his tenure, the team has not fallen short of Hornacek’s expectations. “It’s lived up to the billing,” he said Wednesday before the Knicks fell,   to the Los Angeles Clippers. “It’s been something out here. ” But even Hornacek could not have expected that the game that night would dissolve into a   circus. While a feud continues to stew between the Knicks president Phil Jackson and the team’s top star, Carmelo Anthony, amid   struggles, their game ceded the spotlight Wednesday night to a courtside fracas. Charles Oakley, the voluble but beloved former Knicks stalwart, was arrested after getting into an altercation with security guards midway through the first quarter. Oakley was removed from Madison Square Garden and handcuffed. Oakley was sitting courtside, in an aisle seat in the first row of the section near the Knicks’ bench. Accounts of his behavior varied widely. According to some spectators seated nearby, he had been calm early in the game. He took a photograph with Felice Bergman, a fan with season tickets several rows higher. James L. Dolan, the Knicks’ owner, with whom Oakley has a contentious relationship, sat nearby, but several spectators said they did not see Oakley exchange any words with Dolan or try to provoke him. But they did see Oakley exchanging glances with a security guard who was standing several feet away. Oakley seemed to utter something to the guard when he walked by, according to T. J. Veenstra, who was sitting behind Oakley. A guard soon came over to Oakley and asked him to leave. Oakley asked why. “He just couldn’t understand why,” said Matthew Barbara, who sat a few rows up from Oakley. “We didn’t see him throw a punch or do anything. He wasn’t nasty to any of the people behind him. We’re trying to figure out what happened. ” Oakley was soon surrounded by a phalanx of guards, as John McEnroe, the former tennis champion, stood behind them on the court watching. As they tried to remove Oakley, he pushed one guard twice before being restrained and taken away. The game, which was still in its early stages, stopped as players from both teams watched the commotion. As he was being led out, the crowd chanted: “Oakley! Oakley!” Knicks guard Derrick Rose later said: “That was the weirdest. I didn’t know what was going on. ” The police said Oakley had been charged with three counts of   assault and one count of criminal trespass, all misdemeanors. He was released with an appearance ticket. The Knicks, in a statement, said Oakley had behaved in a “highly inappropriate and completely abusive manner. ” But fans sitting nearby said they did not feel that was the case. “Nothing he did rose to the level of what happened,” Jamie Vitiello said. “They overacted. ” The episode was a distraction from another Knicks quarrel. The previous day, Jackson had posted a message on Twitter that seemed to endorse a Bleacher Report story painting Anthony as a star who did not have a sufficient will to win and who was more interested in building his brand and his own statistics. It was another shot in a feud between Jackson and Anthony that has persisted all season. After the game, Anthony was asked if he still trusted Jackson. “I did say that,” Anthony said, adding: “I trust the process. ” Anthony and Jackson have met twice to calm the waters. In December, Jackson said Anthony was a   on offense. In January, Charley Rosen, a longtime confidante of Jackson’s, wrote a column on FanRag Sports that said Anthony had “outlived his usefulness in New York. ” And for the last several weeks, Anthony has heard his name in trade rumors as the Knicks have reportedly tried to trade him, to teams including the Clippers. Anthony, however, has a   clause in his contract and has not indicated that he wants to leave the organization. Jackson, however, did try to play peacekeeper in the Knicks’ other contentious situation on Wednesday. After Oakley was taken away from his seat, Jackson rushed out to the tunnel to try to calm him. But Oakley continued to fume as he stood outside the court with his hands in cuffs and guards surrounding him. “I didn’t do nothing,” he said, mixing in expletives. He said Dolan was responsible  —   although he did not say for what. Oakley has had a conflicted relationship with the Knicks. He was a fan favorite during his 10 seasons with the team. He was known for his rugged and physical style and helped take them to the 1994 N. B. A. Finals. Yet, he has been exiled over the last few years after a falling out with the organization. While many of his former teammates returned to Madison Square Garden, Oakley had not. “The boss don’t like me,” Oakley told The New York Times last fall. He said he has tried to meet with Dolan but has been rebuffed. “I mean, I had at least 15 people try to set up a meeting,” Oakley said. “He won’t meet. I want to sit down to talk to him. I want me and him in a room. And lock the door. Lock that door!” On Wednesday, however, they shared an arena  —   one that had once been the setting for Oakley’s glory days. When he was eclipsed by security guards, Doc Rivers, the Clippers coach and a former teammate, immediately recognized him at the center. “That was tough to watch,” Rivers said.",0
20016,Is Britney Spears Ready to Stand on Her Own? - The New York Times,"LAS VEGAS  —   The disturbing images seem so distant now: the     tabloid tale  —   head shorn, face twisted, umbrella gripped like a police baton as she bashed a paparazzi S. U. V. window. More than eight years after her meltdown, Britney Spears, at 34, appears to be thriving. In September, she announced a   $35 million deal to extend her residency at Planet Hollywood Resort  Casino here. Forbes named her the    female musician of 2015, ahead of powerhouses like Rihanna and Nicki Minaj. And she’s been hard at work on her ninth studio album, expected this year. With her television guest spots and a wildly popular, often eccentric Instagram feed featuring her toned abs and adorable sons, Ms. Spears looks like that rare celebrity who has vanquished deep travails to snatch a second chance. “I’m in a real good place in my life,” Ms. Spears told People magazine last year, in an interview about her personal life. “I’m the happiest I’ve ever been. ” Ms. Spears’s team presents her onstage as fully in control, and backstage, as the mastermind of her show, an artist in top form. But that view seems at odds with the conclusions routinely drawn about her at probate court in Los Angeles, where an undisclosed mental illness and substance abuse led her family to take action in 2008. Since then, Ms. Spears’s life has been controlled by a   conservatorship, known in other states as a guardianship, designed for people who cannot take care of themselves. According to the arrangement, which is typically used to protect the old, the mentally disabled or the extremely ill, Ms. Spears cannot make key decisions, personal or financial, without the approval of her conservators: her father, Jamie Spears, and a lawyer, Andrew M. Wallet. Her most mundane purchases, from a drink at Starbucks to a song on iTunes, are tracked in court documents as part of the plan to safeguard the great fortune she has earned but does not ultimately control. While the conservators are widely credited with rescuing Ms. Spears’s career  —   and her life  —   her apparent stability and success could belie the need for continuing restrictions. There are recent signs, in fact, that the conservators are now acknowledging the great progress she has made. After successfully fighting to keep her from testifying in at least three prior lawsuits  —   (a probate judge had previously agreed that doing so could cause her “irreparable harm”)  —   Ms. Spears’s conservators allowed her to testify on Monday in a case filed against her by a former   manager. They agreed that “giving such testimony is not likely to cause harm to her,” according to court papers. Could this be the start of a major unfastening of the strictures she lives under? Neither the conservators nor her managers or lawyers will discuss her status, and Ms. Spears did not respond to multiple requests seeking an interview. While it is not possible to get an accurate sense of someone’s mental state from afar, Ms. Spears’s friends and former associates said in interviews that, for her, the conservatorship has become an accepted fact of life  —   not a cage but a protective bubble that allows her to worry about her true passions: music and her children. “If anyone knew the real Britney, they would know that she would rather be remembered for being the great mother she is rather than the artist she is,” said David Lucado, a former boyfriend whose relationship with Ms. Spears foundered in 2014 amid charges of infidelity that Mr. Lucado denies. “And if anyone could see her interactions with her kids, they would know that there is no need for a conservatorship over Britney’s personal life. ” Since the conservatorship began, some restrictions have been eased. More   rollbacks were discussed several years ago but never occurred, according to a person who has been involved in Ms. Spears’s care who spoke on the condition of anonymity. Ultimately some of the people who would help to decide whether to end it are the conservators and doctors who now help oversee it, many of whom receive fees from Ms. Spears’s estate for their work on her behalf. Ms. Spears’s status and progress are measured by a court investigator for her case, who is assigned to file reports on her progress once every other year. (Those under conservatorship are not required to regularly appear in front of a judge after their conservators are appointed.) And should Ms. Spears ask to be released, her cause would probably be led by the man the court appointed to be her chief advocate, a lawyer, Samuel D. Ingham III. Mr. Ingham’s role is, among other things, to ensure that the conservators do not loot her assets, abuse their power or inappropriately restrict her freedom. There has been some debate in California over whether   lawyers do enough to advocate the rights of those under conservatorship. Just last year, the state’s Senate Committee on Judiciary noted in a report: “In theory the   counsel should be arguing on the proposed conservatee’s behalf for a   alternative to conservatorship whenever possible. ” Mr. Ingham has been awarded more than $2 million in fees for his work on Ms. Spears’s behalf since 2008. This is in addition to the $6. 9 million paid from the estate to the conservators and other lawyers who have helped manage Ms. Spears’s affairs under the current arrangement. Ms. Spears has never publicly questioned any of these payments, but critics of the process have. “As long as she is bringing in so much money and as long as the lawyers and conservators are getting paid, there is little incentive to end it,” said Elaine Renoire, president of the National Association to Stop Guardian Abuse, an advocacy group. “Usually, the conservatorship just keeps going unless the conservatee makes a fuss or the family does. ” No one questioned whether Ms. Spears needed help in early 2008 on Jan. 30, her psychiatrist had called for assistance, and when the ambulance left the singer’s Los Angeles home, it was led by a robust entourage of police vehicles. For days, Ms. Spears had been behaving bizarrely, speaking in a British accent and driving at breakneck speeds. Now she was strapped to a gurney en route to U. C. L. A. Medical Center. Helicopters buzzed overhead. It was the second time in less than a month that Ms. Spears had been taken to a hospital by ambulance for an emergency psychiatric evaluation. Anyone watching that day would not have recognized Ms. Spears as the musical phenomenon who, a decade earlier,   and 17, had posed in hot pants and bra on the cover of Rolling Stone magazine. With hits including “  …    Baby One More Time” she dominated the charts, and her first four albums sold a combined 30 million copies. But like child stars before her, Ms. Spears encountered the pressures created by sudden fame and wealth. And a rocky personal life did not help. In 2002, her relationship with Justin Timberlake ended. In January 2004, she married a childhood friend from Louisiana in Las Vegas  —   a union that lasted 55 hours. Nine months later, she married again, this time to Kevin Federline, a local backup dancer. Two years later, in November 2006, after the birth of their second son, she filed for divorce. Drug and alcohol issues fueled her decline. In 2007, Ms. Spears twice entered treatment but each time cut her stay short. The substance abuse would factor in her battle to retain custody of her children. The idea of losing contact with them tormented her, associates said. After being told she had lost custody of them in October 2007, she spent a night sleeping in a parking lot, according to court papers. (She has since worked out a custody arrangement with Mr. Federline.) “It clearly wasn’t working with her in control of the ship,” said Peter Katsis, who was part of her management team in 2007. “It was overwhelming for her when she came of age. ” Just what kind of mental condition afflicts Ms. Spears has never been publicly disclosed. But, whatever the ailment, by 2008 it seemed to have full possession of her. Although divorced, Ms. Spears’s worried parents decided their daughter was in crisis. Her father, a former welder, oil worker, cook and a recovering alcoholic, had subjected his family to years of “verbal abuse, abandonment” and “erratic behavior” as a result of his heavy drinking, Britney’s mother, Lynne Spears, wrote in her 2008 book, “Through the Storm: A Real Story of Fame and Family in a Tabloid World. ” But her parents rebuilt some kind of relationship after Mr. Spears stopped drinking, and they sought to intervene. After days of fasting and praying, Mrs. Spears said, Mr. Spears asked the court to establish a temporary conservatorship for his daughter that would give him broad control over her treatment, visitors, security and daily life. On Feb. 1, 2008, while Ms. Spears was still in the hospital, a judge, Reva G. Goetz, granted his wish. “I shuddered to think,” Mrs. Spears wrote in her book, describing her worries about those influencing Britney at the time, “what depths of desperation we would have to plumb to regain charge of our child. ” At the outset, Ms. Spears thought of challenging the arrangement, according to Adam Streisand, one of two lawyers whom she spoke to at the time. Mr. Streisand said Ms. Spears told him she was not comfortable with her father as conservator of her finances. “It was clear to me that she seemed a bit agitated,” Mr. Streisand said. “But my sense was that she did have the capacity to pick a lawyer and that she could make a rational decision. ” The judge, though, citing a recent medical evaluation, said the singer was not capable of hiring her own counsel. Mr. Streisand said he respected the doctor’s opinion and went away. “Britney wanted to oppose the conservatorship,” he said, “but she was also extremely worried about her kids and seemed to understand that the best thing to do to see her kids was to accept it. ” By the end of 2008, the conservatorship had been made permanent. By March 2009, Ms. Spears was back on tour. Initially, though, she seemed frustrated by the restrictions. “I think it’s too in control,” she said during a 2008 interview with MTV. “If I wasn’t under the restraints I’m under, I’d feel so liberated. ” She continued, “There’s no excitement, there’s no passion. ” And then: “Even when you go to jail, you know there’s the time when you’re going to get out. But in this situation, it’s  . ” Since then, Ms. Spears has said little publicly about this arrangement. The conservatorship system in California, troubled for decades, has undergone reforms in recent years that were designed to further protect the old and infirm people who are its typical clients. Ms. Spears hardly fits that bill, but this system operates for her the same way as it does for others. Probate judges in California can appoint two kinds of conservators: ones responsible for a person’s physical and mental health, and others who are put in charge of the individual’s finances. Ms. Spears has both. Her father, 63, is responsible for her physical    —   making sure she takes her medicine, for example  —   and manages her estate. He shares the financial oversight with Mr. Wallet, who specializes in conservatorships and probate law. Mr. Spears takes in about $130, 000 a year as a conservator and is also reimbursed for the rent on an office he uses. His bills are reviewed and approved by the judge. He has sought only modest increases over the years, though he also requested 1. 5 percent of gross revenues from the performances and merchandising tied to Ms. Spears’s Las Vegas show. The court, Ms. Spears and her   lawyer signed off on it. For a time, during 2012, Jason Trawick, then her boyfriend, also served as   for her personal  . As conservator, according to his court filings, Mr. Spears’s work has included “overseeing and coordinating Britney’s [redacted] business, costuming, personal, household stuff, and legal matters (touching upon entertainment, music, other business opportunities, family law issues, the litigation, trial   resolution of other disputes, and ongoing litigation and conservatorship matters). ” He negotiates business opportunities, such as her 2012 stint as a judge on “The X Factor,” as well as interviews and sponsorships, even the maintenance of vehicles and the custody arrangement for her children. Mr. Spears and his lawyers have also aggressively kept at bay anyone they consider a threat to Ms. Spears’s stability, including a former business manager, a former boyfriend and a lawyer who once sought to intervene in her case, all of whom were served with restraining orders. In 2009, after a Spears fan site, BreatheHeavy. com, started a “Free Britney” campaign critical of the conservatorship, its owner, Jordan Miller, said he received an irate call from Mr. Spears, who threatened to have the website taken down. Speaking today, Mr. Miller says he can understand the lengths her family took. “It was a really volatile situation, and they were trying to protect her,” he said. The conservators’ work is monitored by Mr. Ingham, Ms. Spears’s veteran   lawyer. Though the court’s typical maximum hourly fee is $250, Judge Goetz awarded Mr. Ingham as much as $475 an hour to represent Ms. Spears, citing an exception in court rules that allows higher fees “in cases involving unusual problems requiring extraordinary expertise. ” Mr. Ingham, who describes himself as a lawyer with expertise in   conservatorship cases, told the court his typical hourly fee is $595. For a time in 2014, Mr. Ingham’s clients included both Ms. Spears and Casey Kasem, the radio personality, then 82, who was also in a conservatorship until his death that year his wife was challenging the size of the lawyer’s legal bills. Mr. Ingham said the case was particularly complicated, but Mrs. Kasem’s lawyer at one point accused Mr. Ingham of padding his bills, a charge the judge dismissed. Mr. Ingham declined to comment. Ms. Spears is not known to have ever questioned any of Mr. Ingham’s fees. The rules for  meeting Britney are tight. No selfies. No autographs. No invading her personal space. Each night before Ms. Spears appears in her “Piece of Me” show at Planet Hollywood’s Axis Theater here, she poses for photos with fans backstage, maintaining her brand at a time when her public appearances and interviews are rare and tightly controlled. (Interviewers who are approved seldom mention the conservatorship.) The    packages start at $1, 500 and include a backstage tour led by a longtime Spears employee. “Britney is very shy,” Felicia Culotta, the V. I. P. coordinator, said on one night last year. “I know y’all find that very hard to believe  —   she goes out on that stage, and she is a powerhouse. But she is extremely shy. ” “Britney plays off energy,” Ms. Culotta added. “If you go in scared of her, she is going to be scared of you. So don’t be scared of her. She’s very normal. ” The routine and consistency of her Las Vegas residency  —   typically three shows a week for six weeks followed by six weeks off  —   are a good fit for a mother of two looking to avoid the grind of a tour. During her 90 minutes onstage, Ms. Spears recycles two dozen hits into an act that features backup dancers, pyrotechnics and showers of confetti. She changes costumes repeatedly. At one point, she jumps in a harness from a    tree. During each performance, a man or woman picked from the audience is strapped into a leather bondage harness and forced to creep across the stage on all fours. On this night, Ms. Spears, in a bustier, held the leash on a man. “Your ass is out of this world!” she screamed. To be sure, the show does not showcase the Britney of old: Once a fluid, natural dancer, Ms. Spears can appear stiff, even robotic, today, relying on flailing arms and flashy sets. Her vocals are largely prerecorded, and the   can lapse. She seems to be doing a job, but a good job, and there is no arguing that the show is doing well: It often fills the Axis, the largest theater on the Strip. Ms. Spears splits her time between Las Vegas and Los Angeles, where her sons are in school, often taking the   flight back after a weekday performance. She and her children are spotted around town in Las Vegas  —   by the Planet Hollywood pool or at the Sonic   near the Strip. (The fast food outlet was the hub of Kentwood, La. the small town where Ms. Spears grew up.) In addition to the residency, Ms. Spears’s next album, her first since 2013, is expected this summer. For months, she has teased her new music  —   a single, “Make Me (Oooh),” is due in May  —   and logged studio time with hot songwriters. Online, she has promoted herself in photos as a sexy pop star back in fighting shape. “Honestly, I’m just particular with this record,” she told V, the magazine. “It’s my baby, and so I really want it done right. ” Music is only one part of the business of being Britney Spears these days. More than a dozen interconnected businesses, including profitable lines of lingerie and perfume, are overseen by the conservators. Occasionally the businesses and Ms. Spears are sued. When a company, Brand Sense Partners, sued Ms. Spears in 2011, in a dispute over a licensing agreement for one of her fragrances, its lawyer at the time, Geoffrey A. Neri, argued that the singer had to be capable of testifying. He pointed out in court papers that she takes care of her children, makes numerous public appearances and was then on a   tour across much of the world. “The notion that Britney Spears is mentally or emotionally unfit to testify under oath is a sham,” Mr. Neri wrote. But in that case and two others, Judge Goetz ruled the singer too fragile, mentally, to testify. The judge, now retired, declined an interview request the case has since been transferred to a new judge. On Monday, after years of maintaining that the singer was too vulnerable to be questioned, her conservators consented to a deposition by Ms. Spears in a lawsuit filed against her and her father by Sam Lutfi, an associate from the time of her breakdown. (He claims Ms. Spears owes him money, asserting she made an oral agreement in 2007 to have him serve as her manager and that her father assaulted him.) Despite an attempt by the conservators to separate Ms. Spears and Mr. Lutfi during her testimony  —   his “physical presence in the same conference room as Ms. Spears poses serious risks” to her   they argued in court filings  —   both parties were present for her deposition, which lasted about four hours. Ms. Spears, in a magenta blazer and pearls, testified without incident in Mr. Lutfi’s presence, even snacking on a cookie during a down moment. Soon after, she was back to posting on Instagram, including an image that read, “All energy is contagious. ” Hundreds of supportive comments flooded in from fans seemingly well aware of the latest legal twist in her life. “You have gone through hell and back again but you have persevered every time,” one wrote. “You got this. ”",0
20017,Palestinian Terror Groups Celebrate ’Sweet’ Jerusalem Truck-Ramming Attack,"The news of Sunday’s   attack in Jerusalem that left four Israelis dead and 17 injured has sparked outbursts of jubilation among Palestinian terrorist groups. [Hamas welcomed the attack, saying the carnage is a “natural reaction” to the “crimes of the occupation,” and what the terrorist group claimed was the infringement on the “Palestinians’ rights” and their holy sites.  Fawzi Barhoum, the movement’s spokesperson, lauded the attack as a “courageous act in defense of the holy sites and especially Al Aqsa mosque. ” He added that the attack proves that the “Jerusalem intifada [a series of  attacks on Israelis that started in October 2015] continues to defend our lands and holy sites, and the Israeli oppression and aggression won’t be able to stop it. The oppression will only increase the determination of the Palestinian people to continue its heroic resistance in all its forms. ” The   Islamic Jihad also welcomed the attack, and said in a statement that the deadly   represented “a natural reaction to the crimes of the Israeli crimes against the Palestinian people. ” The   journalist Adham Abu Slamiyeh tweeted a picture of Palestinians handing out sweets, with the following caption: “The sweets of the attack are in. Allah bless the men of Jabel Mukaber [the perpetrator’s home neighborhood] that helped us redeem the spirit of Jerusalem. ” حلوان #عملية_القدس وصل.. حيا الله رجال #جبل_المكبر الذين أعادوا لنا روح #انتفاضة_القدس pic. twitter.   —   أدهم أبو سلمية #غزة (@adham922) January 8, 2017,  Twitter user Ahmad Qanita wrote: “Allahu akbar, these pictures make me want more. They remind us of [Hamas explosives expert Yahya] Ayash’s attacks, just as we smell his perfumed memory,” referring to the 21st anniversary of Yahya’s elimination by Israel, which Hamas marked earlier this week. الله أكبر ،، صور بتفتح النفس. .صور تذكرنا بعمليات #يحيى_عياش ونحن نتنسم ذكراه العطرة( صور من عملية القدس قبل قليل)#انتفاضة_القدس pic. twitter.   —   أحمد قنيطة #غزة (@ahmadqanita89) January 8, 2017,  Hussein Shaweesh also evoked Ayash’s memory: “Jews, the children of Ayash are back and the Jerusalem attack is the best proof. ” أبناء العياش عادوا يا ابناء اليهودية وخير دليل #عملية_القدس#انتفاضة_القدس,  —   حسين الشاويش  —   غزة (@HshShaweesh) January 8, 2017,  “Here is the Jerusalem intifada, Jerusalem the crown jewel of cities demonstrates its determination to fight against the invaders,” the   analyst Yasser Zaatreh tweeted. “The attack today proves that the intifada continues despite the cruel oppression of the enemy and the collaboration of our brothers. ” هي انتفاضة القدس، وفي زهرة المدائن يتجلى الإصرار على رفض الغزاة. عملية اليوم تؤكد أن الانتفاضة متواصلة، رغم شراسة قمع العدو وتآمر الشقيق.  —   ياسر الزعاترة (@YZaatreh) January 8, 2017,  “Allah, harm the sons of Zion and show them the wonders of your might,” Mohammed Yehya tweeted. 5 قتلى وأكثر من 15 اصابة بينهم حالات حرجة جميعهم جنود في عملية #القدس البطوليةاللهم أثخن في بني صهيون وأرنا فيهم عجيب قدرتك#انتفاضة_القدس,  —   محمد يحيى #غزة (@mhmdyjber) January 8, 2017,  Ramadan wrote: “In Jerusalem the hero rose up and exacted revenge, the Jerusalem intifada will continue until the return and liberation of the land. ” في #القدس ثأر البطل؛#انتفاضة_القدس مستمرة حتى تعود الأرض حرة pic. twitter.   —   ramadan (@ramadan32583280) January 8, 2017, ",0
20018,How to Plan Your Family’s Vacation - The New York Times,"Family vacations should be about creating a lifetime of memories, spending time with your loved ones and, most important, having fun. More often than not, however, they end up being just the opposite, according to Kay Merrill, a family travel specialist and the owner of Are We There Yet? Family Adventures, a travel consultancy in Larkspur, Calif. Here, she shares her tips for making sure that your family getaway is as picture perfect as you imagine it to be. Involve Everyone in Planning, Even Younger Children Your    may not be able to have much to say in planning the itinerary, but Ms. Merrill said that children who are 5 or older should definitely help out. “Most any place you go will have activities and sights that will appeal to both you and them,” she said, “and once you’ve decided where you’re going, it’s important to spend the time to figure out what you will actually do there. ” During the initial planning, she suggested getting a map and some books relevant to your destination and leaving them out in your home where they are easily visible such as in the kitchen. “Encourage your children to look at them and have them come up with some things that they want to do on the trip,” she said. She added that parents should incorporate their own interests to make sure the trip is fun for them too. Set the Mood in Advance If Cuba is on the agenda, for example, cook a Cuban meal or play mambo music, which is integral to the country’s culture. Travel movies and YouTube videos can also build interest before you go. Build in Downtime Daily In an attempt to see and do everything your destination offers, you may be tempted to plan an itinerary that has your family going all day long, but Ms. Merrill warns against overscheduling. “If you try to pack in too much, everyone in the family, especially kids, will get cranky and whiny,” she said. Balance out a morning of sightseeing or other activities with a few hours to chill in the afternoon. Ms. Merrill said that   is a great time to relax  —   you and your brood can unwind by the hotel pool or read a book. Children can also write in a journal about their favorite part of the morning. Then you can all head out again for another activity. Take a Diversion From the   For the family vacations she plans, Ms. Merrill said that she likes to include an activity that is different from the trip’s theme. If it’s a beach getaway to Nevis in the Caribbean, she would include a visit to the island’s farms to meet farmers and sample their produce. “Often, this diversion ends up being the most memorable part of the trip,” she said. Book Creative Tours and Excursions “Sticking to the standard tours,” she said, is “boring so I encourage families to get creative and have a better trip by finding the excursions that most visitors don’t do. ” That could mean a walking tour of secret gardens in Paris or a visit to a local family’s home in Marrakesh, Morocco. Your hotel concierge, local tour companies or a travel adviser can help find these     activities.",0
20019,"Speaker David Gowan Reshapes Arizona House, From the Carpets on Up - The New York Times","PHOENIX  —   When lawmakers in the Arizona House of Representatives went looking for a new speaker in late 2014, they turned to David M. Gowan, an unassuming Republican legislator whom colleagues on both sides of the aisle saw as someone they could work with. But Mr. Gowan has proved to be anything but. He has angered lawmakers from the right and left since assuming the post in January 2015, putting his own stamp on a legislative body that has garnered its share of attention for its   leanings on issues like immigration and abortion. Right after approving a budget last year that forced state agencies to make another round of cuts, Mr. Gowan, a conservative who makes his home in a rural border county in southeastern Arizona, embarked on a redecorating spree. The House floor got an elegant carpet. Lawmakers got reupholstered chairs. His leadership team got cherry wood office furniture. He also planned for showers and a multiuse room in the basement, but shelved the project after half of his Republican caucus chided his “excessive spending” in a letter. In January, Mr. Gowan repaid the state for travel reimbursements and daily allowances he had improperly claimed, a matter that remains under investigation by the state’s attorney general. He began this month by abruptly revoking reporters’ access to the House floor unless they agreed to an extensive background check. None of them did. Fourteen journalists regularly assigned to cover the Capitol retreated to the   gallery that morning, taking pictures and writing stories as a group of visiting elementary school students giggled and gawked. State Representative Ken Clark, a Democrat from Phoenix, warned, “This is a slippery slope. ” In an   column, Amanda Ventura, the president of the local chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists, wrote, “Reporters pose no security threat  —   unless truth hurts. ” From the floor, Mr. Gowan told his colleagues, by way of explanation, “I want to make sure you’re protected. ” But the ensuing debate promptly stirred another controversy, about guns in the chamber. Mr. Gowan had authorized the removal of a sign that banned firearms from the staff entrance to the House building, effectively allowing lawmakers to enter armed. Mr. Gowan, 46, who was first elected as a state representative in 2008, is leaving the House at the end of the year because of term limits. He is now aiming his sights at Washington, running to represent one of the largest congressional districts in the country. In a crowded field of Republican contenders, he is considered an underdog, though he does not seem deterred. “David Gowan has always been underestimated, always traveled under the radar,” Frank Antenori, a former Republican state senator who is a close friend of Mr. Gowan’s, said in an interview. “He’s got a real folksy personality, people just don’t see him as being as aggressive. That’s a big mistake. ” Mr. Gowan hails from conservative Cochise County, a land of cattle ranchers that takes in Fort Huachuca  —   once home to the storied Buffalo Soldiers, these days a sprawling base that is host to the armed forces’ intelligence training program. He earned a living as a magazine distributor  —   stacking periodicals and paperback novels on the shelves of supermarkets and drugstores  —   and teaching martial arts on the side he is a black belt in karate. Mr. Gowan turned his political ambitions into action methodically and patiently. He ran unsuccessfully for the Republican nomination to the Arizona House twice, in 2004 and 2006, focusing his campaign on a single issue: illegal immigration, a major point of contention in the border district he wanted to represent.  An editorial in The Tucson Citizen, a newspaper that has since ceased publication, called his command of other topics “fuzzy at best. ” Jonathan Paton, who defeated him twice in primaries, said determination is what got Mr. Gowan where he is. “He does not quit,” said Mr. Paton, a Republican who served in both the Arizona House and Senate. “He does not accept that he shouldn’t be in office, that he shouldn’t be speaker of the House, that he shouldn’t be in Congress. ” Mr. Gowan is one of seven Republicans running for Arizona’s First Congressional District, whose jagged borders encompass nine counties in full or in part in eastern, northern and central Arizona. The area has traditionally leaned Republican, but the district itself has been competitive since it was realigned in 2010. In 2014, Ann Kirkpatrick, a Democrat, narrowly defeated her Republican opponent, Andy Tobin, a former Arizona House speaker. She is leaving her congressional seat to run against John McCain, the   Republican senator and former presidential candidate. One of Mr. Gowan’s rivals for the Republican nomination is Sheriff Paul Babeu of Pinal County, one of the most vociferous proponents of more border security. His county, an expanse of desert and rugged mountains near the   border, is a major route for drug cartels bringing contraband to Phoenix and Tucson. “In a crowded Republican field like this, each of the candidates is trying to move to the right of the other,” said Matthew Benson, a political consultant and senior aide to former Gov. Jan Brewer, a Republican. “Nobody is running as a moderate. ” “They’re all trying to prove they’re the most conservative and go to Washington to shake things up,” he added. Mr. Antenori said Mr. Gowan got into politics “to make sure that our basic liberties were protected,” in particular “our religious freedoms, the Second Amendment, our property rights. ” At the Capitol, Mr. Gowan is reserved, a man who has a tendency to mumble his words. While his predecessor, Mr. Tobin, was known for his “backslapping, more public, more accessible” ways, Mr. Gowan has “a quiet, more   style, but he has been just as effective,” said Glenn Hamer, the president of the Arizona Chamber of Commerce, an influential   group. Mr. Gowan rarely gives interviews and declined to comment for this article. Lobbyists often meet with him over lunch. In 2013, Mr. Gowan ranked No. 3 on a list of    expenditures reported by lobbyists, according to an analysis of such records by The Arizona Capitol Times. (“I’m looking for free food,” he told the newspaper.) For his part, Representative Bruce Wheeler, a leader of the Democratic minority, was unreservedly blunt in his criticism: “The leadership under Gowan has been disastrous,” he said. But to Republicans and Democrats alike, the storm over the banning of reporters from the House floor became a source of embarrassment. Gov. Doug Ducey, a Republican, told reporters he felt “pretty safe around you. ” On April 8, the day Mr. Gowan issued his ban, The Capitol Times suggested in an online article that the move may have been motivated by the fact that one of its reporters, Hank Stephenson, has written about the improper reimbursements and the lobbyists’ expenses. Mr. Gowan rescinded his ban on Tuesday, maintaining nonetheless that his motivation had been to protect the chamber.",0
20020,Why Christopher Kimball Is Moving On From America’s Test Kitchen - The New York Times,"BOSTON  —   Christopher Kimball spent much of the last year as the dark prince of the recipe world, a brooding exile who had left his   America’s Test Kitchen empire in a painful split he hadn’t seen coming. Now he is moving on. Instead of polishing his carefully created New England sensibility and hovering over the obsessive   platform on which he built Cook’s Illustrated magazine and its offspring, Mr. Kimball is loosening his bow tie and shifting his culinary worldview. His new project is called Milk Street Kitchen. With $6 million from investors and more at the ready, Mr. Kimball is remodeling the ground floor of the Flour  Grain Exchange building on Milk Street in the financial district here in Boston. In the fall, he plans to publish a new magazine, shoot a public television series and begin writing books. He’ll start a cooking school, and promote the whole enterprise at a dozen live road shows. He is even designing a chef’s knife to sell. The big idea is to bring techniques from the world’s kitchens to America’s Wednesday night dinner table. It’s a bold pivot for a man whose magazines rarely showcased ethnic recipes. “It’s not looking around the world and doing a tagine or a couscous dish,” he said of the concept. “It’s looking around the world and seeing how people are thinking about food. ” Instead of using Eurocentric techniques that rely on concentrating flavors through long applications of heat, Mr. Kimball is exploring ways to build dishes that rely on texture, spice and freshness. Instead of making chicken stock like a frugal French cook who simmers bones and scraps for hours, why not boil a whole chicken for just an hour like a Chinese cook, using ginger, scallions and herbs to elicit a more delicate flavor? Mr. Kimball, who lives in Boston and Vermont, has been cooking this way at home for the last few years. He has become a student of spice and of authors like Yotam Ottolenghi. He has taken inspiration from his travels, too. Sliced oranges coated in cold caramel sauce flavored with star anise  —   a dessert inspired by a trip to Rome with his four children  —   is much more interesting to him these days than apple pie. “I don’t think I have anything left to add about how to make an oatmeal cookie,” he said. If it works, Mr. Kimball will cement his reputation as an intellectual and business powerhouse of American recipes. But if it fails? “What’s the worst that can happen?” he asked over dinner in Cambridge one evening. “Public humiliation?” The move is certainly a gamble. Mr. Kimball, who is worth tens of millions of dollars, turns 65 this month. Although he can be tender in person, his public demeanor is stern and sometimes awkward. He is the guy in the room who always knows more than you, a fan of rabbit hunting and classic literature who is more closely associated with roast turkey and root vegetables than with Mexican street food and Israeli hummus. Even he worries how that persona will translate into a new brand focused on global flavors. He doesn’t want to come off as a latecomer in a nation that has already moved past its   perspective. It doesn’t help that cooks like Rick Bayless, the white chef who has become an authority on Mexican cooking, are being swept up in a battle over cultural appropriation. “We’re not translating the ethnic soul of a community,” Mr. Kimball said. “We’re just saying this is a good idea. You need someone who knows a fair amount about cooking to do this, who has the thoughtfulness and testing to translate Thai cooking to our kitchens. ” Corby Kummer, the   food writer, has never been a big fan. “He has a tendency to flatten things out, and that can be dull,” Mr. Kummer said. But, he added, Mr. Kimball has great value as someone who offers authority and reassurance. “If he can do that with newer flavors and make the cooks who look to him for that reassurance understand a new way to cook, more power to him,” he said. Mr. Kimball is building his venture with a small crew who followed him out of America’s Test Kitchen, chief among them Melissa Baldino, a former executive producer who was once his assistant. She married Mr. Kimball a year after he divorced his second wife in 2012. It’s a loyal team, and   veterans are betting that Milk Street Kitchen will succeed. “It’s a huge mistake to write off Chris Kimball,” said Rux Martin, the cookbook editor who has her own imprint at Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. “He’s always been really good at following where the money is coming from, based on what people want. ” Mr. Kimball’s first venture publishing reliable recipes with a wonky specificity came in 1980, when he used $100, 000 from investors to start Cook’s Magazine. He went on to sell it for a big profit to Condé Nast Publications, which later shut it down. He bought back the title for $175 and reintroduced it as Cook’s Illustrated in 1993. It was a    antithesis of Gourmet magazine and took no ads. It still doesn’t. If you wanted to know how to make perfect Bolognese in a slow cooker or a foolproof pie crust (pro tip: use vodka) here it was. His approach ushered in an era of intellectual cookbook authors who preferred analysis to romance. Among the magazine’s alumni are Mark Bittman, a former New York Times columnist, and J. Kenji   the author of “The Food Lab,” who developed the vodka pie crust during his time at Cook’s Illustrated. America’s Test Kitchen, which includes the magazine Cook’s Country as well as radio and television programs, is built on a culture of testing so rigorous that it can border on fetish. And when other food websites were offering free content, Mr. Kimball insisted on paid subscriptions. “It all comes from Chris’s idea that you can’t give anything away,” said John Willoughby, the first executive editor of Cook’s Illustrated and now its executive editor for magazines. The schism, by all accounts, was painful. Mr. Kimball said he saw it coming during a board meeting last July. The company had grown to 180 people, and the board of Boston Common Press, which owns America’s Test Kitchen, thought a new management style was in order. Although America’s Test Kitchen was doing very well financially, the initial investors wanted more profit. They added new board members who were aligned with that goal. David Nussbaum, a former media and   executive, was hired as the company’s chief executive, outranking Mr. Kimball. “Quite frankly, the owners realized Chris is about 65, and they had to think of a   succession plan,” Mr. Nussbaum said in an interview. “These owners were very clear they wanted someone to come and run the business for their heirs. ” They asked Mr. Kimball to continue hosting the television and radio shows, and suggested that he write a memoir, Mr. Kimball said. As an owner, he would reap the financial rewards of the company’s expansion. Mr. Kimball balked. “You end up as the guy in the white suit standing in front of the bucket of chicken,” he said. Things got worse fast. One day last August, Mr. Kimball walked into Mr. Willoughby’s office. “I got fired,” he said. “I didn’t think you could,” Mr. Willoughby said. “I didn’t think I could, either,” Mr. Kimball replied. The new leadership put some of its   product reviews outside the subscription pay wall. Editors began creating a free digital magazine and a traveling road show based on the success of the 2012 book “The Science of Good Cooking. ” The hunt is on to find a bigger space and hire more digitally savvy employees. Mr. Nussbaum said America’s Test Kitchen, with its 50 recipe testers, would stay close to what he called a Consumer Reports point of view, but “having said that, the world in which we eat has continued to change, and America’s Test Kitchen wants to participate in that change. ” He and Mr. Kimball continue to speak well of each other, at least to a reporter. They had lunch recently. Mr. Kimball may do work for America’s Test Kitchen, which still provides much of his income. He seems happy to be starting something new. “I like to get up in the morning and go to work,” he said. “And I think there is still a substantial audience for that work. ”",0
20021,Tech Worker Craig Diangelo Forced to Train H-1B Replacement Now Running for Congress,"Craig Diangelo, Republican congressional candidate in Connecticut’s 5th District and former information technology worker, who was laid off and forced to train his foreign replacement here via an   visa, spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow Thursday. [Fox Business News also recently reported Diangelo’s story:   “In the very beginning we did not know that we would be training our replacements  …     the CIO came down from Boston, said that she would hold a town hall meeting to discuss the future of our IT at our particular company,” Diangelo said. “We all got into the room, 220 of us, she proceeded to tell us that  …     what we are going to do is  …     outsource IT infrastructure and IT development. ” Diangelo said company employees at the time were told it was because “global employees can adjust to change a lot faster than the American worker. ” He questioned why American workers weren’t classified equally. Diangelo said while he feels supported by many average citizens in Connecticut, that’s not the case with the state’s politicians. “Senator Blumenthal, after I spoke with him and talked about this, he went out and    .   …     That was to increase the number of   by 100, 000, on top of the 85, 000 visas that are issued every year,” he said. “Elizabeth Esty, who I’m running against, she was very curt with me,” he added, saying she passed him off to an aide who was supposed to call him but never did. Diangelo said Esty was not even informed of the pertinent immigration laws at the time of their encounter. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
20022,"Noah Wall: After Years of GOP Repeal Bills Under Obama, Now ’They Back Down’","Noah Wall, the national director of campaigns for FreedomWorks, joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Tuesday to discuss the FreedomWorks Day of Action rally scheduled for Wednesday in opposition to the Republican Obamacare replacement plan. [Concerning a full repeal of Obamacare, Wall said, “We’ve been promised this in 2010, 2012, 2014, and 2016, and these were not lighthearted promises. These were very powerful promises from members of Congress and the U. S. Senate across the political spectrum of Republicans. ”  “Lo and behold,” added Wall, “the voters give Republicans Congress, they give them the Senate, and they give them the White House, and all of a sudden, the establishment comes up with a whole lot of reasons why we can’t do what we’ve been promising the American people. ” Expressing disappointment at years of promises from Republicans to repeal and replace Obamacare only to now produce a bill that falls short of that, Wall said, “I’m deeply disappointed. Republicans in 2015 voted to pretty much fully repeal Obamacare. And I don’t understand why they couldn’t. ” Citing years of Obamacare GOP repeal votes, Wall continued, “They voted for this [repeal] when they knew it had no chance of actually getting signed into law. All of a sudden, we get a chance to get this signed into law, and they back down. ” Concluded Wall, “It’s, unfortunately, very typical of Republican leadership, but we need to hold them to a higher standard. ” More information on the FreedomWorks Day of Action is available here. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
20023,"Hillary Tweets Out Article Calling Her “Most Corrupt, Least Popular” Candidate of All Time","One of two things just happened, folks. 
Either Hillary Clinton finally lost every single last one of her marbles… 
Or, perhaps, she has accepted the painful truth, which is that no one can stand her. 
On Monday, the Democratic nominee tweeted out an article referring to her as one of the “most corrupt, least popular candidates of all time.” 
Yeah, not exactly something you want to brag about… A guide to help you make your choice for president. https://t.co/QzK7XZYmJW 
— Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 31, 2016 
“A guide to help you make your choice for president,” she captioned the odd tweet. 
And Twitter reacted…",0
20024,Live Nation Postpones Six New York Concerts in Wake of Shooting - The New York Times,"As the police continue to investigate a shooting during a   concert at a Manhattan nightclub last week that left one person dead and three injured, the concert promoter behind the club is postponing a series of shows, including many rap events. Live Nation, the giant concert company that operates the club, Irving Plaza, said it was postponing three rap concerts there over the next week, as well as three other concerts at another of its New York clubs. The shows include events by the rappers Joey Badass, Mac Miller and Vince Staples at Irving Plaza that were being presented with the Governors Ball Music Festival this weekend, and three concerts at the Gramercy Theater, by Appetite for Destruction, a Guns N’ Roses tribute band the rock band Black Pistol Fire and YG, a popular rapper. “In light of last week’s tragic events, we are acting with an overabundance of caution and coordinating a   strategy with the New York Police Department that may also include a curfew,” Jim Yeager, a spokesman for Live Nation, said in a statement issued on Wednesday. “Because these discussions with the N. Y. P. D. are ongoing, we will be postponing a few of our upcoming shows at Irving Plaza and the Gramercy. ” But the police contradicted Live Nation’s statement. “The organization’s decision to cancel the event was in no way influenced by the N. Y. P. D.,” Sophia Mason, a spokeswoman for the department, said in a statement. The cancellations came as the New York concert halls struggled to deal with the aftermath of the shooting, with security checks at some venues becoming much more rigorous than usual. A clip from a security camera video shows Troy Ave, a Brooklyn rapper whose real name is Roland Collins, firing a gun backstage at Irving Plaza on May 25. He was charged on Monday with attempted murder and criminal possession of a weapon he pleaded not guilty. One of Mr. Collins’s bodyguards, Ronald McPhatter, 33, was killed in the episode, and Mr. Collins was shot in the leg. A police official who declined to be named because of the continuing investigation said on Tuesday that three guns were found in a car used to drive Mr. Collins to the hospital. Investigators believe one of the guns is the same weapon that Mr. Collins was seen firing in the video and that was used to kill Mr. McPhatter, but they are awaiting confirmation from ballistics tests, the official said. If the tests show that the gun Mr. Collins fired was the one that killed Mr. McPhatter, Mr. Collins will also be charged with murder, the official said. Mr. Collins’s lawyers have claimed that he was acting in   and said he did not shoot himself or Mr. McPhatter. The police have said until now that they are not seeking a second suspect, but that could change based on results of the tests. Live Nation offered no details about rescheduled dates for the postponed concerts, but by Wednesday afternoon, some of the performers were already making other plans. Black Pistol Fire, which was to play on Saturday at the Gramercy, said it was moving its show to Saint Vitus in Brooklyn the same night. Appetite for Destruction said it would play at the Gramercy on Aug. 12. Joey Badass, a    rapper from Brooklyn, told his fans via Twitter on Wednesday to meet him elsewhere in the city. “They cancelled my show tmrw,” he wrote, “so we gon party. ”",0
20025,Emmy Nominations 2016: ‘Game of Thrones’ Rules Again - The New York Times,"It will feel like a familiar affair at the 68th Primetime Emmy Awards, with “Game of Thrones,” “Modern Family” and Julia   once again landing nominations on Thursday. But the occasionally stodgy Emmys, which sometimes latch on to winners (like Ms.  ) and stay with them, was also infused with new blood. Popular shows like “The People v. O. J. Simpson,” “Roots’’ and “Fargo” drew attention to the limited series category, James Corden emerged as a force in the   competition, and there was recognition in the best drama category for the widely praised but previously overlooked “The Americans. ” “Game of Thrones,” HBO’s fantasy epic, will again be the leader of the pack heading into the awards. The drama, which just completed its sixth season, received 23 nominations, the highest total for any show. The show received 24 nominations last year and won its first best drama Emmy. [ List: Nominations for the 2016 Emmy Awards ] HBO, which is coming off its biggest Emmy haul ever last year, had a total of 94 nominations, the highest of any network for the 16th consecutive year. FX’s   limited series “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story” and its anthology series “Fargo” were the   and   nominated shows. FX finished behind HBO in nominations with 56. The streaming services Netflix and Amazon continue to make significant inroads, with each scoring its highest Emmy nomination totals (54 for Netflix and 16 for Amazon). The Emmys reflect an infusion of talent into television at a time when movie stars are increasingly turning to TV, especially in limited series, and there are more scripted shows than ever before. Over the past few months, networks have been ferociously competing against one another in nomination campaigns. The broadcast networks are still experiencing a diminished presence at the Emmys, with three of the networks  —   ABC, Fox and CBS  —   notching fewer nominations than in 2015. NBC had the same total, with 41. And for the fifth consecutive year, the networks were shut out of nominations for best drama. In that category, “Game of Thrones” will compete against the final season of the PBS show “Downton Abbey,” USA’s “Mr. Robot,” AMC’s “Better Call Saul,” Netflix’s “House of Cards,” FX’s “The Americans” and Showtime’s “Homeland. ” “Mr. Robot,” which won the Golden Globe for best drama in January, is a new entrant in the category, along with “The Americans. ” They replace “Mad Men,” which ended last year, and Netflix’s “Orange Is the New Black. ” HBO’s “Veep,” which last year ended the   winning streak of ABC’s “Modern Family’’ in the best comedy category, was once again nominated for that award. It will go up against “Modern Family” again, along with Netflix’s “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,” Amazon’s “Transparent,” HBO’s “Silicon Valley,” ABC’s “ ” and Netflix’s “Master of None. ” With Jon Hamm’s Don Draper from “Mad Men” out of the race, the best actor category for drama has no clear  . Two previous Emmy winners, Kyle Chandler (“Bloodline”) and Bob Odenkirk (“Better Call Saul”) will compete against Kevin Spacey (“House of Cards”) Liev Schreiber (“Ray Donovan”) Matthew Rhys (“The Americans”) and Rami Malek (“Mr. Robot”) all of whom are looking for their first Emmy. Viola Davis, who last year became the first   woman to win a best acting Emmy in the drama category, will try to repeat, for her performance in “How to Get Away With Murder. ” She is up against Robin Wright (“House of Cards”) Keri Russell (“The Americans”) Tatiana Maslany (“Orphan Black”) Claire Danes (“Homeland”) and Taraji P. Henson (“Empire”). Ms. Russell is the only new actress in the category, and this represents her first Emmy nomination. FX’s Emmy haul was propelled by “The People v. O. J. Simpson,” “Fargo” and “The Americans. ” “The People v. O. J. Simpson” received a whopping six nominations in the limited series acting categories, including one for Sarah Paulson, who was also nominated for her role in FX’s “American Horror Story: Hotel. ” Ms. Paulson, who portrayed the prosecutor Marcia Clark in “The People v. O. J. Simpson,” said in an interview that she shot both roles at the same time and that she was “running on fumes, just as Marcia was. ” She added, “I used all of my exhaustion to my benefit since no one was more tired during that trial than Marcia Clark. ” Another standout on Thursday was   Emmy winner Laurie Metcalf, who was nominated for three awards: for best actress in a comedy series for HBO’s “Getting On” and for guest appearances in “The Big Bang Theory” and “Horace and Pete. ” Netflix had a strong day, with nominations in both the lead drama and comedy categories and in several acting categories. With 54 nominations, Netflix has 20 more than it received last year, its previous record. “Making a Murderer,” the popular Netflix documentary, was nominated for six awards, including best documentary series. This is the first year that Netflix eclipsed each of the broadcast networks. Amazon was led by its comedy “Transparent,” which had 10 nominations. Last year, the show’s star, Jeffrey Tambor, won the best actor award, the first time a streaming service had won a lead acting Emmy. For the first time in 16 years, “The Daily Show” was not nominated in the best variety show category, a blow to its rookie host, Trevor Noah. Likewise, Stephen Colbert’s “The Late Show” was snubbed, while Mr. Corden’s “The Late Late Show” was honored instead. The nomination will add fuel to the discussion that Mr. Corden is outshining his more experienced CBS colleague. Rounding out the category were HBO’s John Oliver, ABC’s Jimmy Kimmel, HBO’s Bill Maher, NBC’s Jimmy Fallon and Crackle’s “Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee” with Jerry Seinfeld. Unlike the Academy Awards, which have overhauled the membership ranks following controversy over its   slate of acting nominees, the Emmys have a relatively diverse lineup, with a number of actors of color receiving nominations. Last year, the Emmys made changes to the voting process, opening up the best drama and comedy categories to all Television Academy voters, not just a committee. “Game of Thrones,” which has never been more popular, has probably been a beneficiary to the rules change. In the comedy acting categories, Ms.   is up again for her performance in “Veep. ” She has won the award four years in a row (and has seven Emmys over all). She will be competing against Ms. Metcalf, Amy Schumer (“Inside Amy Schumer”) Lily Tomlin (“Grace and Frankie”) Tracee Ellis Ross (“ ”) and Ellie Kemper (“Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt”). Mr. Tambor will be up against Anthony Anderson (“ ”) Aziz Ansari (“Master of None”) Will Forte (“The Last Man on Earth”) William H. Macy (“Shameless”) and Thomas Middleditch (“Silcon Valley”). Though television has never been more celebrated as an art form, drawing a sizable audience for the Emmys remains something of a challenge: Last year’s show was its lowest rated ever.  The Emmys will be hosted this year by Mr. Kimmel and will be broadcast on Sept. 18 on ABC.",0
20026,"Your Election Day Questions, Answered - The New York Times","And now we wait. After 18 months of the most surreal, divisive, angry and psychologically exhausting presidential campaign in modern times, there’s nothing to do but sit in suspense on Election Day. For hour after hour. Which is why The   is giving listeners a better way to pass the time: by answering the big remaining questions from you, our listeners, in a special   episode. We summoned the Times political team to field your inquiries about the candidates, the issues, the polls and how we  —   and everyone else in the news media  —   will make the call on Tuesday night about who won. And we answer a nagging question that we keep hearing: What exactly is the future of The  ? Joining us are Maggie Haberman, Amy Chozick, Jonathan Martin, Michael Grynbaum and Nate Cohn. From a desktop or laptop, you can listen by pressing play on the button above. Or if you’re on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series. On your iPhone or iPad: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Tap on the “search” magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen, type in “The  ” and select it from the list of results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone free. You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode. On your Android phone or tablet: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Play Music” with an    icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results. You may have to scroll down to find the “Podcasts” search results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone free. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode.",0
20027,Re: Hot take: Dakota Access Pipeline protesters burn tires in fight to preserve the environment,"— Caroline Grueskin (@cgrueskin) October 27, 2016 Fire spreading through the straw bales pic.twitter.com/7AzsZM3UKJ 
— Caroline Grueskin (@cgrueskin) October 27, 2016 How does burning tires at #NoDAPL #StandingRock promote your cause? 
— Marcus Norvell (@MrNorvell) October 27, 2016 @ Dakota Access #Pipeline : Stupid SJWs set tires on fire sending toxic fumes into the air. Oh ya, save the environment — more b.s. by Left. pic.twitter.com/yVx5MqAxkV 
— Raven*H⚓️U*Wolf (@RavenHUWolf) October 27, 2016 @NoDakTrav really makes sense to protest an oil pipeline and protecting the water/environment by setting fire to tires. SMH. 
— Nate Heinrich (@NateDH78) October 27, 2016 Hey #NoDAPL protestors. I appreciate you standing up for environment but you see the irony in setting rubber tires ablaze right? Burning tires at #NoDAPL Smh 
Smart guys. You just made yourselves look stupid. 
— II 501 II (@Theycallme501) October 27, 2016 
Ruffalo missed out on the fumes, instead appearing on “The Lead with Jake Tapper” Thursday to point out the aggressive attitude emanating from police at the scene, compounded not only by their AR-15s but also — their black sunglasses. . @MarkRuffalo speaks about police being 'aggressive' at pipeline protests: ""I met a girl who had her arm broken"" https://t.co/kd0JKhQMug 
— The Lead CNN (@TheLeadCNN) October 27, 2016 
Trending",0
20028,"White House Petition To Remove ‘Soros-Owned Voting Machines’ Hits 100,000+ Signatures","We Are Change 

The White House website features a petition to remove thousands of voting machines supposedly tied to billionaire Democrat George Soros from 16 states. The petition reached well over 100,000 signatures as of Friday night.
The petition’s supporters want to make sure Congress convenes to ban those machines by November. Lifezette first reported that the machines could be linked to Soros, by asserting the man that owns that sold the machines serves the board of the Open Societies Foundation, a board led by Soros.
“This man has been linked to a person’s campaign who is running in the election and has a clear bias to one candidate. His ownership of voting machines in 16 states is a clear breach of integrity of our electoral system,” the petition states. The machines were tied to Soros by The Epoch Times, which reported the company that sold the machines is owned by a Soros ally.
Business Insider reported Tuesday, that notions of Soros controlling the machines is false, because Soros doesn’t have a controlling interest in the company that sold the machines, claiming that the 16 states to purchase the machines don’t plan to use them in the 2016 general election.
This amount of signatures make it clear that a large amount of people have a lot distrust in the current election system.
RELATED BREAKING: The NEW Election FEC Violation That Should End Clinton’s Campaign . Russia Trolls The U.S., Offers A “Helping Hand” In Overseeing Elections WE THE PEOPLE ASK THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT TO CALL ON CONGRESS TO ACT ON AN ISSUE: We the people ask congress to meet in emergency session about removing George Soros owned voting machines from 16 states Created by J.W. on October 21, 2016 Follow WE ARE CHANGE on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow We are change We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post White House Petition To Remove ‘Soros-Owned Voting Machines’ Hits 100,000+ Signatures appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
20029,Watch: Celebrities Beg Congress to ’Obstruct’ Donald Trump,"A group of Hollywood celebrities is urging Americans and the United States Congress to come together to “obstruct”   Donald Trump’s legislative agenda. [A who’  of stars  —   including actresses Sally Field and Rosie Perez, Westworld star Jeffrey Wright, comedian   Key, Boardwalk Empire actor Steve Buscemi and other activists  —   appear in the video released Tuesday, titled “#StandUpForUS. ”   “We demand that you block nominees who threaten the rights of women, the LGBT community, people of color, immigrants and the poor,” Key and Field say in the video. The message is meant to encourage the “dear members of Congress,” the entertainers say, to “vigorously oppose” Trump’s “racist, sexist,           policies. ” “The majority of Americans, regardless of who they voted for, did not vote for racism, for sexism, or for xenophobia. And yet, Donald Trump won,” the various stars recite. Supporters are asked to spread the video on social media and sign a petition posted on the   website MoveOn. org. “We won’t remain silent. We’ll work harder to mobilize our votes, and our communities. But we need you and expect you to have our backs,” the stars and activists say. It’s the first   political PSA of the year, after a number of similar videos were released in the   to November’s presidential election. Last month, actor Martin Sheen led a group of celebrities in a video PSA which urged Republican electors in the Electoral College to ignore their states’ voting results and vote to deny Donald Trump the presidency.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
20030,المغاربة يذهلون العالم ويبتكرون طريقة لتجفيف الملاعب بإضرام النار فيها - RT Arabic,"المغاربة يذهلون العالم ويبتكرون طريقة لتجفيف الملاعب بإضرام النار فيها 
تاريخ النشر: 26.10.2016 | 13:27 GMT | انسخ الرابط http://ar.rt.com/i5g7 فاجأ المنظمون لبطولة الدار البيضاء للتنس ""Challenger"" الجميع، عندما سكبوا البنزين على أحد ملاعب البطولة وأضرموا النار في أرضيته الرملية لتجفيفها بسرعة من مياه الأمطار. 
فبعد الأمطار الغزيرة التي هطلت على الملعب، قرر المنظمون سكب البنزين وإضرام النار على الأرض الرملية من أجل تجفيفها بسرعة، لاستكمال مباراة في التنس عن الدور نصف النهائي للبطولة، جمعت بين البلجيكي أرتور دي غريف والفرنسي ماكسيم جانفيه. 
تجدر الإشارة إلى أن جانفيه حقق الفوز في هذه المواجهة بمجموعتين نظيفتين بواقع: (6-4) و(6-3). 
المصدر: lenta.ru ",0
20031,Life: Environmental Win! Poland Spring Is Fighting Plastic Waste With A Campaign Highlighting The Disgusting Flavor Of Its Bottled Water,"Email 
It should come as no surprise that the $100 billion bottled-water industry is pretty much the polar opposite of environmental sustainability. Fortunately, one of the biggest producers of bottled water is taking some real action to go green: Poland Spring is fighting the accumulation of plastic waste with a new campaign that highlights how terrible their bottled water tastes. 
Now here is a company that gets it. 
“We just want to get the word out that our crystal-clear water tastes truly awful,” said Janet Connor, senior VP of marketing for Poland Spring. “Every year, 38 billion plastic water bottles are thrown out. In order to minimize the impact we have on the environment, we wanted to remind people that drinking our fresh spring water is an unpleasant ordeal from the first sip to the last. Given the option, it would be a better idea to drink hot wolf piss.” 
As part of the campaign, Poland Spring is marshaling their full resources behind the effort, including print and billboard placements that advertise their water as “a miserable experience for your mouth.” To support these efforts, social campaigns using the hashtag #MyPolandSpringTastesLike will encourage users to share the first time they tried the company’s bottled water, and to pull no punches when it comes to describing the excruciating flavor. 
Poland Spring has even updated its website to reflect their new focus: 
Wow! What a huge win for the environment! It’s nice to see that the folks at Poland Spring are willing to describe their product as Satan’s vomit if it means making this planet a better place. Way to go!",0
20032,Economic Racial Disparity in North Carolina,"Email 
While the recent police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott has led to increased scrutiny on police activities in North Carolina, police-community relations are not the only reason racial tensions are flaring. While encounters with police officers can radically differ depending on the race of those involved, access to economic resources tend to follow a similar pattern. Although racial gaps regarding wealth, incomes, and healthcare are nationwide issues, observing them from a statewide perspective can help understand why specific communities feel maltreated. 
A UNC Chapel Hill study found that the income and wealth disparities between African Americans and whites in North Carolina are far worse than the national average. It states that: 
…black households, at the median, claim only about 13 percent of the wealth and, stunningly, about 4 percent of the net worth of white households. The corresponding figures for the nation are bleak: 15 and 13 percent respectively. Median wealth for white households is roughly seven times that of black households…Nationally, black households have about half the home equity of whites. In North Carolina, it’s about a third. 
The study goes on to state that half of all black households in North Carolina have under $100 in savings. At the median, black heads of household aged between 50 and 65 own $17,000 in assets compared to white households’ median of $143,000, which seriously hampers older, black workers from retiring comfortably. This data paints a picture of a state that fails to allow black communities from advancing economically and obtaining some semblance of equality. 
The issue is further exasperated by lack of access to health insurance. A North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services study found that 13% of North Carolina whites have no health insurance as compared to 22% of blacks. 16% of whites were reported to be in “fair or poor” health as compared to 23.2% of blacks. The Kaiser Family Foundation research shows that the majority of non-elderly uninsured North Carolinians were minorities: 30% Hispanic and 14% black, while 10% were white. This is especially concerning considering minorities experience disease at a higher rate than American whites, and visit the doctor at much lower rates. The result: communities most in need of medical assistance are least likely to attain it. 
This imbalance is in part due to the state government’s failure to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act, something which would have significantly reduced the coverage gap between those receiving Medicaid and those obtaining income-based subsidies. The North Carolina Justice Center finds that, had the expansion gone through, 500,000 low-income North Carolinians would have health insurance who currently don’t have it, and over 1,000 unnecessary deaths would have been prevented. 
While the protests in Charlotte appeared to be a backlash against apparent police brutality, underlying economic factors also come into play. A breaking point will eventually be reached by those living in undesirable economic situations which they view as consequential of a racist and unfair system. The case of North Carolina is a particularly negative one, but the principles outlined in this research are not unique to North Carolina. Americans cannot expect race relations to cool until access to income, wealth, and healthcare are equalized and structured in a fair, equitable manner.",0
20033,Carjacker Murders Motorist Because He Couldn’t Steal Car with Stick Shift,"A carjacker became enraged and shot a motorist in front of his wife and child because the   thief was unable to drive a stick shift transmission, police say. [The murder occurred in Houston, Texas, on March 11 when Pedro Aguilar, 47, was standing near his car with his wife and    daughter. They family was then approached by two men reportedly in the 20s.  The men pulled a gun on Aguilar and demanded his car keys. But neither of the assailants could get the car in gear using its manual transmission. According to ABC 13, the pair became enraged and one shot Aguilar in anger. Both men then fled. Mr. Aguilar died at the scene. The victim’s son, Kevin Aguilar, said his father was his “inspiration. ” “He always was happy. He say, ‘I want the best for you.’ ‘It’s difficult,” son Kevin Aguilar said. The suspects are still unidentified. Police are asking anyone with information to contact the Sheriff’s Office Homicide Unit at    or call Crime Stoppers at   (8477). Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
20035,Hillary's Hypocrisy On Sexual Assault BRUTALLY Exposed | The Federalist Papers,"Pinterest 
C.E. Dyer reports that actor James Woods posted a powerful video on Twitter about what happened on Highway 265 in Arkansas over four decades ago that Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton doesn’t want people to know about. 
The video chronicled the rape of a 12-year-old Arkansas girl, Kathy Shelton, that occurred on May 10, 1975 when two men lured the girl into their car and brutally assaulted her. 
— James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) September 20, 2016 
This video details the horrific attack…and the actions of the attorney who defended one of the rapists: Hillary Clinton. 
According to the video, child was raped and beaten so brutally that she spent five days in a coma and was left unable to bear children. 
A local paper mill worker, 41-year-old Thomas Alfred Taylor, was charged with the rape. Then Hillary Rodham became his attorney. 
Taylor had semen mixed with the 12-year-old victim’s blood in his underwear, proving that he committed the crime. In court, Hillary maligned the rape victim’s character in order to defend her monster of a client. 
From the video: “Taylor’s attorney went to extraordinary lengths to discredit the child victim, suppressing all oral, written and physical evidence, forcing the 12-year-old to submit to polygraphs and psychiatric evaluations, even accusing the child (who had been a virgin until the attack) of seeking out older men and ‘fantasizing’ her rape.” 
The victim has recently come forward to talk about how Hillary’s lies ruined her life, which after the trial spiraled into a struggle with drugs and prison time. 
Shelton, who has already been put through a truly horrific nightmare, had to hear the tapes released in which Hillary laughed about the trial. 
Hillary laughed, on tape, about a trial of a man who brutally raped a 12-year old girl and subsequently received less than a year in prison for his horrific crime. 
Shelton has decided to speak out about her nightmare at the hands of Hillary Rodham. The video ends with a message from Shelton to Clinton, “You lied about me. You took me through Hell.” 
Clinton has claimed that she had an obligation to defend Taylor, but she is wrong; she did not have to do what she did. What she put a 12-year-old rape victim through is beyond the pale. 
Liberals regularly talk about victim blaming and rape culture in America, but where is the outrage about what Clinton did to a 12-year-old rape victim as a defense attorney? 
What else is there to say really? If you can watch that video and not be utterly and completely disgusted with Clinton, well, God help you. ",0
20036,BREAKING… Smoking Gun Coming? CBS Reports FBI Found Clinton Server Related Emails on Weiner Computer That Weren’t Disclosed,"Set the contents of Hillary’s emails aside for a moment. For this story let’s look at obstruction of justice.
You see, federal obstruction of justice in and of itself is a felony that carries a prison sentence of up to 5 years.
Why is that relevant here? Well, Hillary Clinton and her inner circle told federal investigators all emails were turned over to the FBI. That would be fine and dandy if it were true.
But according to CBS it isn’t.
. @CBSNews confirms FBI found emails on #AnthonyWeiner computer, related to Hillary Clinton server, that are ""new"" & not previously reviewed.
— Paula Reid (@PaulaReidCBS) November 3, 2016 

CBS news confirms the FBI has emails from Weiner’s computer that had not been previously reviewed . 
In other words, those emails were never handed over to the FBI. This after Clinton and her team claimed all emails were handed over. 
What we have brewing here is both a lie and what appears to be blatant obstruction of justice. 
",0
20037,Donald Trump And His Supporters Are Fighting A Rigged System,"At the third debate, Donald Trump was asked if he would accept the results of the election. Trump responded that he would have to look at the process to determine if everything was done fairly before he could accept it. The media went berserk claiming that Trump was undermining democracy. But is the US system really rigged? And if it is, can Trump overcome it?
Why rig the system? The elite realize that their time is short.
Woe to the inhabiters of the earth and of the sea! for the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time. Revelation 12:12
It is human nature to want to accumulate wealth. It is also human nature to want to keep what you have. One of the ways that the wealthy do that is through influencing the political process to ensure it is favorable to them. A democratic republic is particularly easy to influence. The wealthy elite can “buy” candidates through donations to them or to their superpacs. They can make voting patterns more favorable to them by changing the country’s demographics. Or they can influence voters through the supposedly unbiased news media that they control. In the US, the wealthy elite use every one of these levers to rig the system.
For example, liberal voters often favor a progressive tax system where high earners pay greater percentages than those who earn less. It sounds like a populist policy but it is not. Progressive taxation is put in place to prevent middle class people from rising into the ranks of the truly wealthy who have already accumulated their wealth and are taxed at the much lower capital gains rate. Progressive taxation keeps the rich on top and keeps the plebs down. That’s why no matter which political party is in power, we are still stuck with progressive taxation.
Everything goes well as long as both parties don’t rock the boat. But once you get a true wildcard like Trump, the system must spring into action to stop the threat to the established order. That’s what we are seeing now. The elite are using every tool in the arsenal of the rigged system to ensure Trump does not upset their gravy train. The elite sense their time is short.
Voter Fraud 
The first way in which the election is rigged is through voter fraud. In his Gettysburg address, Trump outlined some of the ways in which this occurs:
According to Pew, there are 24 million voter registrations that in the US that are either invalid or significantly inaccurate. 1.8 million dead people are registered to vote, and some of them are voting. I wonder how that happens? 2.8 million people are registered to vote in more than one state. These are numbers folks. These are numbers. 14% of noncitizens are registered to vote.
Liberals always object to any sort of voter identification requirement. They say that it negatively affects minority voters, who may not have any identification. But this is obvious nonsense. The real reason liberals oppose voter identification is because it would make voter fraud more difficult.
By raising concerns about voter fraud, Trump is firing a warning shot. He is saying that he will fight voter fraud, unlike prior GOP candidates who preferred defeat to calling out cheating by the other side. Simply putting the Democrats on notice may cause them to cheat less than they would have otherwise. The only question is whether Trump will be able to muster enough votes to overcome the amount of cheating that will take place.
The Lügenpresse 
A second way that the system is rigged is through the legacy news media. These include the three oldest television news networks (ABC, CBS, NBC) as well as the newer ones (CNN, MSNBC, Fox). It also includes the remaining newspapers, especially the New York Times, Washington Post, and the Wall Street Journal. Of these, the only ones that are reliably conservative are Fox and the WSJ, both of which are owned by Rupert Murdock. But even here, it is more accurate to call Fox and the WSJ “neoliberal” rather than conservative as they both push the globalist message of open borders and unenforced trade.
Trump is very media savvy. He’s been in the public eye since the 1980s and his philosophy has been that no publicity is bad publicity. Trump has used this to highlight his policies. By making controversial statements, he has been able to force the media to cover his positions. Still, the nonstop smear campaign has hurt Trump’s numbers particularly among older voters who still get their news from legacy sources.
New media outlets like Return of Kings, Breitbart, and Danger & Play have been more favorable to Trump but the most highly funded new media such as Daily Beast, Heat Street, Buzzfeed, and Huffington Post all push the globalist message. The end result that Trump is fighting an ocean of disinformation with only a handful of allies by his side.
Voter Discouragement Fivethirtyeight doing its best to discourage Trump voters.
Another way that that system is rigged is that the legacy media conspires to discourage Trump voters from going to the polls. One way they do this is to over poll Democrats to make it look like Trump is losing. For example, one recent poll placed Hillary 12 points higher than Trump. But even Obama was only able to beat McCain by 7 points even though he was packing stadiums of 70,000 people. And Hillary doesn’t command the sort of adulation that Obama did in 2008.
There is a huge motivation gap between Trump and Clinton. Recently, Trump held a rally in Tampa where 28,000 people showed up. Some of these people waited in line for 12 hours for the chance to see Trump. A day later, Hillary hosted a rally in Florida where only 1000 people showed up. And some of those were likely paid plants. Her running mate Tim Kaine did even worse barely getting 30 people to show up for one of his events.
One day before the Brexit vote, polls showed Remain leading by 10 points. Leave ended up winning by 3.5 points.
Why does the legacy media report polls that show Trump losing by a landslide? Because it is designed to dishearten Trump voters.
Conclusion Will Trump be able to overcome the rigged system? It will be a heroic achievement if he does. One thing is certain: This is not the time to give up but to fight with all of our might. The elites want us to be discouraged, to give up hope, to lie down and die. That is the one thing we will never do. Even if the host of hell rise up to oppose you, go to the ballot box on November 8th. Regardless of what you may hear otherwise, your life will be very different under President Trump than it will be under globalist pawn Hillary.
Win or lose, our battle to bring back the patriarchy will not end on November 8 th . A Trump victory would give us breathing room to start restoring our society in the open. A Hillary victory, heaven forbid, would signal that our work will need to be underground. Either way, our battle is just beginning. In future columns I will outline the way forward for traditional men.
Read More: Did George Soros Rig The Utah Vote To Help Ted Cruz Defeat Donald Trump? 
",0
20038,Why We Expect Health Disclosures From Presidential Candidates - The New York Times,"As with so many elements of this presidential campaign, the way in which Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump have handled their medical histories feels strange, secretive and theatrical (Dr. Oz, anyone? ). But there’s a long and rich history of candidates concealing  —   even lying about  —   the details of their health. In the latest episode of The   we talk to John Dickerson, a history buff, columnist at Slate and moderator of CBS’s “Face the Nation,” who recalls the United States’ pivotal brush with a president’s   ailment: the heart attack of Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1955. Mr. Dickerson, the author of “Whistlestop,” a new book about the history of presidential campaigns, explains how the White House’s initial resistance to disclose the incident triggered something new in American public life: a deluge of deeply private medical information about the commander in chief. We also speak with the doctor who, more than anyone else, is responsible for our modern expectation that candidates give detailed disclosures about their health: Lawrence K. Altman, a reporter at The New York Times who was the first to interview candidates about their medical histories. Mr. Altman recalls his tough and sadly prescient question to Ronald Reagan when he was a candidate in 1980 about a potential condition that would later haunt him. We also hear from voters in Times Square about whether they even care about candidates’ health. Short answer: not particularly. One voter told us he’d be going with Mrs. Clinton over Mr. Trump. Was there anything about her health that might change that? “I’m pretty sure he’s crazy,” the man said, “and that’s more dangerous than her dying in office. ” From a desktop or laptop, you can listen by pressing play on the button above. Or if you’re on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series. On your iPhone or iPad: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon. (This link might help.) 2. Search for the series. Tap on the “search” magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen, type in “The  ” and select it from the list of results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone for free. You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode. On your Android phone or tablet: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Play Music” with an    icon. (This link might help.) 2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results. You may have to scroll down to find the “Podcasts” search results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone for free. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode.",0
20039,"Trump Warns of Potential ’Major, Major Conflict with North Korea’","On Thursday, during an Oval Office interview with Reuters, President Trump said: “There is a chance that we could end up having a major, major conflict with North Korea. Absolutely. ”[“We’d love to solve things diplomatically but it’s very difficult,” the president added.  China will clearly play a major role in that   diplomatic resolution, as Trump suggested he would not anger Beijing with another phone call to Taiwan’s president. He explicitly stated he wanted to avoid “causing difficulty” for Chinese President Xi Jinping while he is “doing everything in his power to help us with a big situation. ” He praised Xi as a “good man” who is “trying very hard” to avoid “turmoil and death” on the Korean peninsula. “He is a very good man and I got to know him very well,” said Trump. “With that being said, he loves China and he loves the people of China. I know he would like to be able to do something, perhaps it’s possible that he can’t. ” Trump was also surprisingly sympathetic to North Korean dictator Kim  . “He’s 27 years old. His father dies, took over a regime. So say what you want but that is not easy, especially at that age,” he said of Kim. “I’m not giving him credit or not giving him credit, I’m just saying that’s a very hard thing to do. As to whether or not he’s rational, I have no opinion on it. I hope he’s rational. ” On the other hand, Trump played hardball with South Korea, saying that he intends to renegotiate its   deal with the U. S. “very soon,” and seek compensation for the $1 billion cost of deploying the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD)   shield to Seoul. “It is unacceptable, it is a horrible deal made by Hillary. It’s a horrible deal, and we are going to renegotiate that deal or terminate it,” he said of the Korean trade deal, formally known as KORUS, referring to his defeated 2016 presidential opponent and onetime Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. He said it would be much easier to terminate KORUS than the North American Free Trade Agreement, which he has also strongly criticized. “With the Korean deal, we terminate and it’s over. I will do that unless we make a fair deal. We’re getting destroyed in Korea,” he said. According to the Washington Post, the South Korean Trade Ministry stated on Friday that it has no plans to renegotiate the agreement, whose anniversary occurs next week. The United States is currently running a $27. 7 billion trade deficit in goods with South Korea. When Reuters asked when he planned to announce this surprising review of South Korea trade policy, Trump replied, “I’m announcing it now. ” This did not go over well in South Korea, where stocks and currency values immediately tumbled. Among other market indicators, shares in Hyundai Motor dropped by as much as 2. 4 percent, the Korea Composite Stock Price Index slid 0. 1 percent, and the South Korean won dropped 0. 2 percent against the dollar. These would seem more like signs of unease than panic. Analysts told CNBC Trump’s remarks came as a surprise, but most of the South Korean market and its foreign investors await firmer announcements of the Trump administration’s intentions before concluding a trade war is brewing. A foreign policy adviser to the favored candidate in the upcoming emergency South Korea presidential election, Moon   said asking South Korea to pay for THAAD was an “impossible option. ” Moon is already known as a skeptic of THAAD deployment, with his campaign describing the decision of his impeached predecessor Park   to install the system “strongly regrettable” and “very inappropriate” because she did not properly consult with parliament. Moon has called for an immediate halt to the deployment of the THAAD system, which has increased tensions between South Korea and China. Chinese boycotts over THAAD have cost South Korea enough money to raise concerns about the future of South Korea’s economic recovery. China objects to the deployment because it believes THAAD’s powerful radars will be employed to spy on Chinese activity. The New York Times quotes Moon spokespersons describing Trump’s demand for payment as validation of their criticism that Park’s administration was not honest with the Korean people about the costs and drawbacks of the missile shield.",0
20040,Mike Lee: GOP Health Care Bill Does Very Little to Bring Premiums Down - Breitbart,"Tuesday on CNN’s “The Situation Room,” Sen. Mike Lee ( ) said the proposed House Republican health care legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare does “very little at all” that would bring premiums down.  Lee said, “I think he’s wrong especially if what he’s suggesting is that we have conservative policies in this bill that will bring down the cost of health care. Look, one of the things that has caused the cost of health care to spike so significantly is the regulatory section of the Affordable Care Act, which has put insurance companies in a position where they’ve increased their premiums and the cost of health care across the board has gone up. ” “This bill does far too little about that,” he continued. “It does very little at all, that would bring premiums down. And that’s the concern I have with it, is what this would do to the cost of health care. We have to bring that under control. This bill doesn’t do that to a degree sufficient for me to vote for it. ” (  Grabien) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
20041,The Guggenheim’s Greatest Hits Come Roaring Back - The New York Times,"Of New York City’s major museum collections, the Guggenheim’s is the hardest to see, because so little of it is usually on view. Blame Frank Lloyd Wright’s design, that big empty well of light and air with a little art up the sides. Not that I object to the building. I’ve adored it since my first visit as an    kid in 1960, the year after it opened. There was art on the ramps then, but all I remember is thinking: spaceship. Still do. But now, as if answering a hunger  —   maybe its own  —   to see what that spaceship originally held, the museum brings us “Visionaries: Creating a Modern Guggenheim,” a permanent collection show that fills the rotunda. The 170 works  —   mostly paintings, with a few sculptures, including a   Calder mobile dropped from on high  —   add up to a classic   display, which could be a snooze, but in this case isn’t because a lot of these greatest hits really are great, and some of the less familiar stuff is too. The installation is a pleasure: neat, clean, linear, up the ramp, with an optional detour into the Thannhauser wing (always permanent holdings turf). No need to consult floor plans. No wandering off course. If your visiting time is short, shift into   drive, head straight uphill and you’ll be done in under an hour. The main route, which starts on Ramp 2, is broadly chronological. It begins with a   landscape by Camille Pissarro, “The Hermitage at Pontoise,” from around 1867, the collection’s earliest work. It ends several ramps later, under the skylight, with Jackson Pollock’s big, tarry 1947 “Alchemy,” an archaeological dig of a picture, on view in New York for the first time in 50 years (after a painstaking restoration that removed decades of grime). But right off the rotunda floor, before you begin your climb, you undergo a kind of modernist baptism by fire: an eruption of color, line and utopian emotion generated by 10 Vasily Kandinsky paintings. Kandinsky is the Guggenheim’s house artist, the one whose work it owns in the greatest depth, and whose spiritualizing sensibility most closely reflects the institution’s founding aspirations. Solomon R. Guggenheim ( ) a New York industrialist and seasoned collector of old masters, probably never heard of Kandinsky until around 1927, when, at his wife’s insistence, he had his portrait done. The painter she hired was a German artist named Hilla Rebay  —   born Baroness Hildegard Anna Augusta Elisabeth Rebay von Ehrenwiesen  —   who had recently arrived in New York. Rebay had strange, figureless paintings and collages, some of which she’d made, on her studio walls. And she began telling her sitter about wonderful kinds of new art coming out of Europe: abstract art  —   she called it nonobjective  —   that reached for the spiritual realm. Guggenheim liked what he heard, and he liked a gamble, and, at age 68, decided to go with this one. The conversion was quick. Out went the old masters and, under Rebay’s guidance, in came some zany new ones, Kandinsky among them. By 1930, Guggenheim, guided by Rebay, had bought hundreds of pictures and was inviting people to his apartment in the Plaza Hotel to see them. In 1937, 80 years ago, he gave his collection institutional heft by setting up the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation. A publicly accessible home for the work  —   the Museum of   Painting  —   followed in 1939, with Rebay as director. And 20 years later came the Guggenheim Museum we have today. From an early point, its modernist collection represented the contributions, through sale, purchase or gifts, of several people. Look at the labels for the 10 introductory Kandinskys. The names of some of the original owners are noted. They, along with Guggenheim and Rebay, are the “visionaries” of the show’s title. Two of them, Karl Nierendorf and Justin K. Thannhauser, were German art dealers who moved to New York before, or during, World War II. Another figure, Katherine S. Dreier, was an artist and a private collector with progressive tastes. And a vital contributor was family: Peggy Guggenheim, Solomon’s   “art addict” niece. It is around these figures, and their art, that the exhibition, organized by the Guggenheim curator Megan Fontanella, with Ylinka Barotto, a curatorial assistant, is loosely built. Thannhauser, an important   European dealer in early modern French painting, was the original owner of the Pissarro landscape. He was pushed by war from Berlin to Paris and finally to New York in 1941. With no children to carry on his business, he consigned much of his art to the Guggenheim Foundation, including resplendent Gauguin landscapes, Seurat pastorals, a cache of van Gogh letters and a group of unusually interesting  —   because unusual  —   Picassos. His compatriot, Nierendorf, came to New York on a holiday jaunt in the late 1930s and stayed. He was a crucial figure in the developing museum: He represented Kandinsky in America, and had close ties to Paul Klee. When Nierendorf died suddenly in 1947, the Guggenheim Foundation bought his estate. Dozens of works by Klee came with it, and seven of them are part of what amounts to a Klee   that is one of the true    highlights of the show. Rebay loved Klee, and bought a gorgeous little   abstract grid painting  —   it looks like a dollhouse version of an Ardabil carpet  —   for herself. Like much of the rest of her personal collection, it eventually went to the museum, though her contribution to the institution was already incalculably huge. Basically, she created it in its early stages. And, with her theosophical interests and radical eye, she shaped it in ways that Guggenheim on his own might not have. (But even she couldn’t sell him on Mondrian.) Rightfully, many of her own works entered the holdings, and two of her abstract collages are on view: vivacious, disciplined, beautiful. Dreier, an American of German descent, was an artist too. She participated in the 1913 Armory show, where she met Marcel Duchamp. In 1920, joined by Man Ray, they founded the Société Anonyme to buy and exhibit new and difficult art. Independently wealthy, Dreier took collecting as seriously as most people do a profession. She made it her career and amassed astonishing holdings. The bulk of Société Anonyme material is at Yale, but the Guggenheim got some treasures: a zesty Schwitters collage, a Mondrian, and a madly complex Duchamp ink study of a chess match drawn on what looks like a cocktail napkin. The show ends with objects from the Peggy Guggenheim Collection in Venice. The daughter of Solomon’s brother Benjamin, who died on the Titanic, Peggy combined the work of several visionaries in one, as an art dealer, a museum builder and a lavish shopper  —   her stated intention was to “buy a picture a day”  —   with extremely eclectic tastes. Paintings in the show that belonged to her range from a rigorous geometric abstraction by Kazimir Malevich to a   Surrealist tableau by Max Ernst (her second husband). The dominant energy comes from Pollock, who was working as a maintenance man at the Museum of   Painting when Peggy Guggenheim, in a dealer phase, offered to pay him to make paintings full time. He did, and she got a lot of them. The three at the very top of the ramp are explosive the way the Kandinskys are below. She claimed Pollock as her great discovery, which he was, and still is, though the show yields plenty of other discoveries: Joseph Cornell assemblages, Franz Marc horses and cows, and splendid things by artists  —   Claire Falkenstein, Perle Fine, Alice Trumbull Mason, Maria Helena Vieira da Silva  —   you rarely see. You may miss them on a quick visit. But there’s plenty of time to return. “Visionaries” will be in place for nearly six months, until September, and even for a collection show, that doesn’t sound too long. Of the 170 pieces in the Guggenheim’s permanent collection survey, a few stand out: PAUL KLEE “Horizon, Zenith and Atmosphere,” 1925. Klee and Vasily Kandinsky both worked at the Bauhaus. Both had mystical temperaments. Both were artists collected by all the early Guggenheim “visionaries. ” Yet their work was very different, in scale and tone. This little Klee piece, with its radiant graphic lines and color sprayed from an atomizer, is in an aesthetic and spiritual world entirely its own. VAN GOGH “Landscape With Snow,” 1888. Feeling harassed and jostled by life in Paris, in the winter of 1888 van Gogh headed south for Arles, hoping to find balmy weather and congenial artist friends. He found neither. Arles had been hit by freak snowstorms. Standoffish locals were the only people around. Van Gogh went to work, and painted a bleak frosted field as oceanic garden. FRANZ MARC “Stables,” 1913. Marc painted some of the most empathetic depictions of animals since Dürer’s. As time went on, his view of the world grew more encompassing and cohesive. In “Stables,” his final picture of horses, nature and architecture harmoniously interlock. In 1916, at 36, he was killed in action during World War I. BRANCUSI “Little French Girl,” circa  . For Hilla Rebay, sculpture, as a medium, wasn’t spiritual enough, and this delightfully kooky early Brancusi is one of the few sculptures in the Guggenheim show. Influenced by African art that Brancusi had studied in Paris museums, it ended up in the Connecticut living room of Katherine S. Dreier. ALICE TRUMBULL MASON “Emergent Form,” 1945. An American painter and printmaker, Mason ( ) studied in New York with Arshile Gorky and went through geometric, then biomorphic phases, which she combines in this insouciant piece. An ardent nonobjectivist, she signed this painting twice, in different places, to indicate it had no fixed orientation. JACKSON POLLOCK “Alchemy,” 1947. Pollock’s great painting is a fitting punctuation to the show. Historically, it feels like both the beginning and the end of something big. It’s being seen here for the first time in years in more ways than one. To get a sense of the extensive conservation work done on it, check out “Jackson Pollock: Exploring ‘Alchemy’” in the Guggenheim’s Sackler Center for Arts Education.",0
20042,"Standing Rock Pipeline Protesters, Ordered to Leave, Dig In - The New York Times","CANNON BALL, N. D.  —   Lee Plenty Wolf knows the government wants him to clear out of the snowbound tepee where he stokes the fire, sings traditional Oglala songs and sleeps alongside a pair of women from France and California who came to protest an oil pipeline in the stinging cold. But he and thousands of other protesters are vowing to make what may be their last stand at Standing Rock. The orders to evacuate the sprawling protest camp on this frozen prairie just north of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation came down last week from the U. S. Army Corps of Engineers and the North Dakota governor’s office. After four months of prayer marches and clashes with law enforcement officials who responded with tear gas and water cannons, the protesters now have until Monday to leave. The government said it would not forcibly remove anyone, but could cite people for trespassing or other offenses. At the camp, defiance is rising like smoke from the stovepipe of Mr. Plenty Wolf’s tepee. People are here to stay. They are building yurts and hammering together plywood for bunkhouses and lodges. The communal kitchen stops serving dinner at 9:30 p. m. it reopens a   later as a sleeping space. “I ain’t going nowhere,” Mr. Plenty Wolf said one night as he cradled a   drum and reflected on grievances that run deeper than groundwater among Native Americans here. “We’re getting tired of being pushed for 500 years. They’ve been taking, taking, taking, and enough’s enough. ” The approaching deadline to leave the camps and the dwindling days of President Obama’s term create a feeling that any opportunity to stop the Dakota Access pipeline is fading. The fight has drawn thousands of tribal members, veterans, activists and celebrities and transformed a frozen patch of North Dakota into a focal point for environmental and tribal activism. The main camp sits on federal lands that people at the camps say should rightfully belong to the Standing Rock Sioux under the terms of an 1851 treaty. To Mr. Plenty Wolf, closing it amounts to one more broken treaty. The Standing Rock Sioux’s concerns about an oil spill just upriver from their water source has resonated with environmentalist and   groups across the country, and dozens have rallied to support the tribes.   activists who fought the Keystone XL pipeline have also joined the protests. “Keep it in the ground” is a rallying cry on banners. Even as violent confrontations erupted in fields and along creeks and about 600 people were arrested, crews kept digging and burying the pipeline. Its   path from the oil fields of North Dakota to southern Illinois is nearly complete. Since September, the Obama administration has blocked construction on a critical section where the pipeline would burrow underneath a dammed section of the Missouri River that tribes say sits near sacred burial sites. The tribe and activists are pushing Mr. Obama to order up a yearslong environmental review or otherwise block the project before he leaves office.   Donald J. Trump said on Friday that he supported finishing the $3. 7 billion pipeline. Nobody here knows what to expect. The Army Corps of Engineers, which manages the federal land on which the main camp sits, says it wants protesters to make a “peaceful and orderly transition” out of the camps and to a “free speech zone” nearby. Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier of Morton County, a critic of the protesters who leads the law enforcement response, said his officers would not go into the camps to remove people. The divide between law enforcement officials and the tribe and protesters now feels more brittle than ever. Dave Archambault II, the Standing Rock Sioux chairman, has asked the Justice Department to investigate allegations of civil rights violations. He criticized officers for using rubber bullets and sprays of freezing water against what he called unarmed, peaceful “water protectors. ” “I’m worried about the next confrontation,” he said. “The escalation has continued to rise. They have concertina wire all over the place. They’re almost daring the water protectors. That’s not safe. ” Sheriff Kirchmeier dismissed the claims. “I reject it all,” he said in an interview in the basement of the county offices, where stacks of snacks, fruit and juice donated by the public sat beside scuffed riot shields. “The protesters are forcing police and us into taking action. They’re committing criminal activities. ” He said protesters had used sling shots to attack officers and thrown rocks and bottles. He and other local officials continue to criticize the federal government’s response. They say the decision to delay the pipeline created months of instability that have cost Morton County $8 million. They say federal officials have offered little in the way of manpower or money to help. On Friday, Attorney General Loretta Lynch said she had asked Justice Department officials who handle   issues and community policing, as well as the United States attorney for North Dakota, to help mediate. In recent days, conflicting statements from local and state officials have stirred confusion about how vigorously officials will enforce the closing of the camps. A Morton County spokeswoman initially said people could face $1, 000 fines for trying to bring supplies to the camp, only to be contradicted by a governor’s spokesman who said that North Dakota had no plans to block supplies. The authorities are still enforcing a blockade of the fastest, most direct route into the camp. But other roads  —   and supply lines  —   were still open. Pickup trucks and   carried in lumber and propane tanks, pallets of bottled water, firewood and food. A container truck managed to crawl down the icy,   ramp into camp. Cusi Ballew, a Pottawatomie member from southern Ohio making his second trip to the camp, was up on a ladder drilling pieces of plywood together to make a bunkhouse for Sioux tribal members. “Humans have been surviving winters for over 250, 000 years,” he said. “What’s important isn’t how we’re doing it but why we’re doing it. We’re here for prayer and for action. ” And more people were pouring in. Veterans’ groups were hoping to bring 2, 000 Native and   veterans to Standing Rock over the weekend. The Bismarck airport was a hive one morning: the actress Patricia Arquette could be seen heaving a suitcase off the baggage carousel the director of a   group was on the phone figuring out transportation California friends from the Burning Man festival arrived with $5, 000 worth of turmeric and medicinal herbs and oils. At the camp, children sledded down the icy hills and horses cantered through the snow, and as night fell and people clustered around campfires to cook chili and fry bread, Laurie Running Hawk made her way to a small camp by the banks of the river. In the distance were the sounds of Native men drumming and singing, and the sight of tall floodlights along a ridge that marked the path of the pipeline. Ms. Running Hawk grew up on the southern end of the Standing Rock Reservation and said she had been home from Minnesota for a powwow this summer when she and her    and    sons chanced onto one of the first major confrontations to block the pipeline. They joined in, and four months later, she was back, sleeping in a yurt with four teenagers from Minnesota who nearly froze to death on their first night in camp. “I’m here,” she said. “You’re not going to kick me out. This is my land. ”",0
20043,"Pakistan Recalls Diplomats From India, Threatens to Expel Indian Envoys","Accuses Indian Diplomats of Espionage Amid Growing Tensions   
On-again, off-again fighting between Indian and Pakistani forces in Kashmir looks to be spilling over into the diplomatic relationship between the two nations, as Pakistan has announced it will withdraw six staffers from their mission in New Dehli, and threaten to expel a number of Indian diplomats. 
The six staffers withdrawn include at least four diplomats, and Pakistani officials went on to accuse the five Indian diplomats of espionage , naming them in media reports and threatening to expel them from the country outright. 
This is a continuation of tit-for-tat expulsions which began last week, with both nations ordering a staffer out of the other’s embassy on espionage charges. The tensions are soaring with reports of heavy exchanges of fire in Kashmir over the weekend. 
India and Pakistan are never on the best of terms, but seem to get into these dust-ups once in awhile, usually around the Line of Control in Kashmir. The most recent fighting has been ongoing since August, and seems only to be getting worse as time goes on, raising concerns about a full-scale war between the two nuclear powers.  ",0
20044,Comments of the Week: Here Comes Trouble,"Comments of the Week: Here Comes Trouble Posted on Oct 26, 2016 torbakhopper / CC BY-ND 2.0 
As is to be expected, if not applauded, the closer we get to the Nov. 8 election, the more debates and divisions have appeared in discussions about the headlines of the moment. 
During the week that ranged from Oct. 16-23, those headlines included additional revelations from WikiLeaks’ trove of Pedesta emails regarding Hillary Clinton’s campaign, as well as various writers’ takes on how to vote this time around, and news of the ongoing Dakota Access pipeline protest. 
As for the how-to-vote issue, Jonathan Mitchell posted a short and direct comment under this story about Clinton’s famous hawkishness when it comes to envisioning and enacting American foreign policy on the world stage: 

Reader Helen Hanna, like many others who took in Robert Reich’s piece titled “The Incalculable Damage of Doing Whatever It Takes to Win,” noticed and remarked upon Reich’s gloss-over of Democratic Party leaders’, and in particular Hillary and Bill Clinton’s, proclivity for doing damage in the interest of maintaining power: 

That said, it’s not as though commenters were about to give Donald Trump a pass, either. Take Ignatius J. Reilly’s rejoinder to Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway’s “5-point plan to defeat Islam,” as Trump and his team conceived of it (and Juan Cole wrote of it): 

Touché. 
Another point of contention on the comment boards last week had to do with how to evaluate WikiLeaks’, and by extension Julian Assange’s, latest release of documents in the Pedesta emails. Though some commentators like Naomi Klein and Glenn Greenwald have spoken up about particular aspects of WikiLeaks’ current m.o., in the thread under Alexander Reed Kelly’s Truthdigger of the Week column on Assange , reader JJG noted how, like him or not, Assange and his organization are providing a public service that professionals working in the mainstream press (who are supposed to be skilled in curating and redacting sensitive material) are not generally delivering on these days: 

We’ll give Opa Westphal the last word this time, ending on an up note (in terms of the shout-out to other commenters) and a cautionary note at the same time. This one was posted under Chris Hedges’ latest column , “How Power Works”:",0
20045,VIDEO: Journalist Shot by Militarized Police at Standing Rock While Conducting an Interview,"jkbj
I was shot by militarized police WHILE interviewing a man on camera at #StandingRock …and here’s the footage. #NoDAPL https://t.co/FfWiSCbiKf pic.twitter.com/4DRwNPkfZ9 
— Erin Schrode (@ErinSchrode) November 3, 2016 
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . ",0
20046,New PAN report warns of global contamination of health damaging glyphosate,"New PAN report warns of global contamination of health damaging glyphosate 
  Ethan A. Huff, staff writer Tags: glyphosate , PAN report , toxicity (NaturalNews) The popular herbicide glyphosate, also known as Roundup, is far more toxic to humans than the chemical industry claims it is, a new report has found. The Pesticide Action Network (PAN) in a 96-page document entitled Glyphosate , reveals how people all around the world are being systemically poisoned by glyphosate, and many of them are even dying.Aerial sprayings of the chemical across crop fields are said to be safe for humans, because the so-called ""shikimate"" pathway upon which the herbicide acts exists only in plants, and not in animals or humans. But the report highlights the fact that, regardless of the supposed nonexistence of this pathway in humans, glyphosate is sill wreaking havoc on human health .Some of the acute health effects of glyphosate exposure include gastrointestinal and skin infections, headaches, blistering on the skin, rapid heartbeat, elevated blood pressure, dizziness, numbness, insomnia, blurred vision, abdominal pain, chest pains, problems breathing, respiratory problems, sore throat and strange tastes in the mouth.Other lesser-reported symptoms include problems staying balanced, cognitive abnormalities, impaired senses, muscle paralysis, peripheral neuropathy, decreased motor skills, chronic fatigue and abnormal body temperature. And none of this even touches on the long-term health effects of glyphosate exposure, which are significantly more problematic.According to the report, glyphosate directly interferes with ""numerous mammalian organs and biochemical pathways, including inhibition of numerous enzymes, metabolic disturbances and oxidative stress leading to excessive membrane lipid peroxidation, and cell and tissue damage."" Furthermore, the report highlights ""genotoxicity and endocrine disruption"" that lead to ""chronic health and developmental effects."" South American doctors confirm that glyphosate spraying is causing infertility, cancer Though U.S. doctors and health experts appear reluctant to report on their observances with glyphosate, their counterparts in South America have a lot to say on the subject. Doctors in Argentina, for instance, are reporting what's being described as a ""dramatic upsurge"" in long-term health effects where glyphosate is being sprayed on genetically-modified soybean crops.Included in the list of effects are infertility, pregnancy problems, birth defects, respiratory disease and various forms of cancer. Epidemiological studies have established a link between glyphosate exposure and non-Hodgkin lymphoma, hairy cell leukemia, multiple myeloma and DNA damage. Even at very low concentrations, glyphosate has been shown to damage vital organs like the liver and kidney, as well as skin cells.Not only is glyphosate sprayed all over food crops during the growing season to kill weeds, but it's also used as a pre-harvest desiccant to speed up the growing and harvesting process. According to the report, this process is used on wheat, cotton, various cereal grains, peas, and beans, as well as other crops.It's bad for the people who end up eating these food crops, but great for farmers and the chemical companies like Monsanto that they support when they purchase all that extra glyphosate. And the repercussions are startling. Glyphosate residues are now being found in women's breast milk, as well as in blood and urine. Even vaccines are starting to turn up as glyphosate-contaminated, which means developing babies are now being injected with this lethal poison.""The PAN Report is extremely comprehensive and really needs to be mainstreamed so that food growers, in particular, can understand the harm they are doing to crops, the soil, the environment, wildlife, pollinators, water resources and humans,"" writes Catherine J. Frompovich for Natural Blaze .""However, it will be up to consumers and farmers ... to make their concerns and priorities known about saving the planet and humankind from toxic chemicals in food, water and the air, if we are to survive toxic chemicals and their currently unavoidable poisonings.""The full PAN report is available for free online here . Sources for this article include:",0
20047,"Todd Rundgren: ’If You’re a Trump Supporter, Don’t Come to My Show’","Todd Rundgren isn’t bothered that some of his fans might avoid his concerts due to his politics. [The    musician and record producer conceded as much in an interview with Variety when asked about an incident in which a couple walked out of a concert in Los Angeles due to comments he made about President Donald Trump.  “No,” Rundgren said when asked if it bothered him. “If I had the power, I’d say: If you’re a Trump supporter, don’t come to my show, because you won’t have a good time. And also, I don’t understand your frickin’ values. Because I’m not singing about that. If you don’t understand that basic thing, you’re just fooling yourself. ” The “Hello It’s Me” singer was talking to the magazine to promote his latest album, White Knight, which is filled with collaborations with artists such as Nine Inch Nails’ Trent Reznor and Joe Walsh. One song on the album, “Tin Foil Hat,” is a direct jab at Trump, written and performed with Steely Dan   Donald Fagen. The lyrics reference Trump’s   descent down an escalator at Trump Tower to announce his presidential run, and add that Trump tweets “like a teenage girl” and “puts the ‘pluto’ in ‘plutocrat. ’” Rundgren is currently on a   tour, with multiple dates in Florida and Texas, states that Trump won during the 2016 campaign. But the musician told Variety that Trump supporters “will likely be offended” if they attend his concerts. “Let the buyer beware! I mean, if you can’t take a joke, or you can’t admit that you’ve made a mistake, you don’t belong with the rest of us,” he said with a laugh. Elsewhere in the interview, Rundgren explained that music is the most “plagiaristic” art when compared with other forms, because there are only so many ways musicians can arrange a limited amount of notes together. “You’ve got the western   scale. That’s essentially 11 notes. So you’re eventually going to run out of melodies, just by the pure mathematics of it,” he said. “So the whole art of making music is trying to obscure the fact that this is a melody from another song and has just been changed in subtle enough ways that you don’t recognize it. ” Read Rundgren’s full interview with Variety here.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
20048,"It’s Not About The Donald, It’s About Democracy - Breitbart","The ongoing efforts by Democrats, the mainstream media, and elements of the federal bureaucracy to bring down President Donald Trump raise alarms for the safety of our constitutional democracy. [Trump won the election fairly  —   there is not a shred of evidence to suggest otherwise  —   and yet his opponents have never accepted the result, nor ceased trying to frustrate his efforts to govern. If they succeed, American democracy will effectively be finished.  Amidst the giddy enthusiasm of outlets like CNN to report sensational  —   and almost certainly false  —   stories like “Sources: White House lawyers research impeachment”  —   little thought is being given to the consequences if their wildest dreams come true. And those who have considered the fact that Vice President Mike Pence would take over  —   like   Sally Kohn and NeverTrumper Bill Kristol  —   assume that Pence will be just as easily dispatched. Straightforward from here:1. Impeach Trump  Pence2. Constitutional crisis3. Call special election4. Ryan v Clinton5. President Clinton,  —   Sally Kohn (@sallykohn) February 15, 2017,  Straightforward from here:1 Joe Lieberman to FBI2 Mueller  Joe do in Trump3 Pence makes Joe VP4 Pence impeached5 President Lieberman,  —   Bill Kristol (@BillKristol) May 18, 2017, Trump won nearly 63 million votes. Those voters would be instantly disenfranchised by his removal. Opinion polls suggest nearly all of them would vote the same way again, and no facts have emerged from the Russia conspiracy theory, nor have any major policy betrayals taken place, that would sever that trust. Seeing him deposed would trigger nationwide anger, and perhaps a real “Resistance,” not the   “Resistance” the left has contrived. Even by considering the possibility of impeaching Trump  —   which some conservatives, rightly, have called a “silent coup”  —   the Beltway elites are sowing division and uncertainty. They have laid bare their contempt for democracy  —   even those who, like Kristol, enthusiastically support imposing democracy abroad. Trump’s voters believed they were taking their country back  —   and did so through the ballot box. God help us if that victory is taken from them. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
20049,A Worry on the Right That Trump’s Conservative Acts Are Fleeting - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   When Donald J. Trump first tried a few years ago to line up a speaking slot at the marquee event for the conservative grass roots, the Conservative Political Action Conference, the organizers almost rejected him because they thought he was a fraud who only wanted a platform to promote his hotels, casinos, neckties and golf courses. Stephen K. Bannon, then the head of Breitbart News, found himself essentially blacklisted from the gathering, known as CPAC. So he started a rival conference called The Uninvited and ran it out of a hotel down the street. With Mr. Trump now ensconced in the Oval Office and Mr. Bannon, his chief strategist, right down the hall, it is hardly in dispute who won the fight for control of the Republican Party. But there are still much bigger questions about whether Mr. Trump, who has never claimed to be a conservative but so far has governed conspicuously to the right, will ultimately be loyal to conservatives’ agenda. Mr. Trump does not dwell on policy, right or left. He prefers the transactional to the ideological. And for conservatives devoted to a cause that is fundamentally about ideas, the distance between the new president and the movement he overtook continues to loom as a red flag. That gap has been partly obscured by his first moves as president  —   trying to bar visitors from seven largely Muslim countries, scaling back Wall Street regulations, restricting federal funding that could go to abortion overseas and nominating a judge to the Supreme Court who is adored by conservatives. But some in the movement are unlikely ever to be totally at ease. And Mr. Trump may never fully be at ease with many of them. “With Trump, I do feel his instincts are conservative I do feel he understands the practical implications of an incompetent and inefficient government,” said Matt Schlapp, chairman of the American Conservative Union, which will convene CPAC starting on Wednesday. This time, Mr. Trump has been extended an invitation and is expected to speak. Still, with regard to conservatism, Mr. Schlapp added, “I’m not so sure he understands all the tenets and the philosophical background. ” Other Republican presidents have disappointed conservatives with major policy moves, from Dwight D. Eisenhower’s preservation of New Deal programs to Richard M. Nixon’s regulatory agenda to the elder George Bush’s reversal on his “no new taxes” pledge. But Mr. Trump, who considers himself the consummate deal maker, faces gnawing suspicions that he will find it easy to cut bargains that betray conservative principles. “I think it is safe to say that on the issues that are important to movement conservatives, the president’s actions since the inauguration have significantly reduced concerns by conservatives,” said Morton Blackwell, a longtime conservative activist who served as Ronald Reagan’s liaison to conservative activists and met with Mr. Trump at the White House this month. Still, Mr. Blackwell added, “there are significant numbers of people who are concerned. ” What makes some especially wary of Mr. Trump, said Grover Norquist, the veteran   activist and conservative leader, is how uninterested the president seems in their ideas. “They don’t think he’d ever read their novel, their policy paper, their magazine article  —   or even listen to them for more than five minutes,” he said. Republicans remain traumatized by presidents they believe governed too far to the left despite promises to do the opposite. “They’re used to sending senators, governors, congressmen into Washington and instead of seeing a sewer, they see a hot tub that they want to jump in,” Mr. Norquist said. Mr. Trump has, however, given conservatives plenty of reasons to temper their concerns. Beyond the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court and the flurry of executive orders, he has assembled a cabinet that the American Conservative Union deemed the most conservative of any Republican president, based on ratings given to the appointees who were members of Congress. The group scores lawmakers on a    scale of conservatism. And the six House members and senators Mr. Trump has selected for his cabinet were among the most conservative on Capitol Hill, earning an average score of 90. 6. “I’m seeing a pattern,” Mr. Schlapp said, “where I can more comfortably say he’s governing like a conservative. ” But many of the biggest items on the conservative checklist remain in flux  —   the repeal and replacement of the Affordable Care Act and an overhaul of the tax code being chief among them. And it remains in doubt whether Mr. Trump, whose White House has ricocheted from one distraction to the next in its first few weeks, will retain enough credibility with lawmakers to accomplish those goals. “I think now the question is: Can we get a lot of this stuff done?” said William Kristol, a frequent Trump critic and editor at large of The Weekly Standard. The risk for conservative policy, he said, is that the circuslike atmosphere around the White House will end up shattering Mr. Trump’s relationship with Republican lawmakers. “And if it really is a circus, you don’t want to be just another clown inside the tent,” Mr. Kristol added. One reason that some conservatives believe Mr. Trump’s support from the movement and its loyal lawmakers is so fragile is that it has been predicated on the sugar high of an election everyone told them they could not win against an opponent they loathed. “I think the majority of conservatives celebrating his victory were really celebrating Hillary’s defeat,” said Al Cardenas, a former chairman of the American Conservative Union. “And he was the conduit for that defeat. ” There are also serious policy questions that trouble conservatives, foremost among them what might happen to the federal deficit if Mr. Trump embarks on a plan to spend $1 trillion on revamping the nation’s infrastructure  —   a deal that many Democrats are eager to strike with him. That is where Mr. Trump’s brand of transactional politics could become a liability. “That was sort of the point of view of the tentative Trump supporters  —   you can do transactional politics with them,” said Rich Lowry, the editor of National Review. But the conservatives are hardly guaranteed to come out on the winning end of the transaction every time.",0
20050,Election Mood Setting Music for You and Your Family,Election Mood Setting Music for You and Your Family 11/08/2016 11/08/2016  ,0
20051,"BILL CLINTON HAD SEX WITH COW DURING ‘COCAINE PARTY’, IOWA FARMER REVEALS","Email 

Sioux Falls, IA | During his 1992 presidential campaign, Bill Clinton allegedly had sexual intercourse with cattle off of Tom Brady’s family dairy farm. 
The family farm which was owned by Tom Brady’s father at the time, Willow Brady Jr., was often visited by the Clinton family when they were in the area. 
“My dad and Bill Clinton’s step dad were like brothers. They often visited us on the holidays when I was a kid. Bill even knew the cows names by heart. That always surprised me” recalls the 64-year-old, third-generation dairy farmer. 
“ My father was a strong Democratic party supporter all his life and a big Bill Clinton fan, so I never found the strength to tell him the truth before he passed away ” 
Sex, drugs and cattle 
During the 1992 Iowa caucus, the Clinton campaign stopped by for a night of festivities at the Brady’s farm, a night Tom Brady says he will never forget. 
“The Clinton team came by and we drank a lot and all was merry before they started indulging in hard drugs, that’s when everything went wrong” he recalls, visibly distraught by the whole affair. 
“I don’t know about all those stories about him sexually assaulting women, but I sure as hell know he assaulted one of our cows because I was there and I saw him do it with my own eyes and believe me, it’s not something I’d wish my worst enemy to live to see” he told local reporters. 
“I’m sorry for the Clinton family, but as a God-fearing Christian, I just had to let the truth be known” he adds. 
Bill Clinton has been personally accused publicly by seventeen women of sexual misconduct between 1972 and 1997. The former US President also admitted to having had an “inappropriate relationship” with Monica Lewinsky while she worked at the White House in 1995 and 1996.",0
20052,RIP - Leonard Cohen Dead at 82       : Information," Anthem
RIP - Leonard Cohen Dead at 82
Video
 "" Rolling Stone"" - Leonard Cohen, the hugely influential singer and songwriter whose work spanned nearly 50 years, died Monday at the age of 82. Cohen's label, Sony Music Canada, confirmed his death on the singer's Facebook page Thursday evening.
""It is with profound sorrow we report that legendary poet, songwriter and artist, Leonard Cohen has passed away,"" the statement read. ""We have lost one of music's most revered and prolific visionaries. A memorial will take place in Los Angeles at a later date. The family requests privacy during their time of grief."" A cause of death and exact date of death was not given.
November 11, 2016
 Leonard Cohen Everybody Know Live 1988
""My father passed away peacefully at his home in Los Angeles with the knowledge that he had completed what he felt was one of his greatest records,"" Cohen's son Adam wrote in a statement to Rolling Stone . ""He was writing up until his last moments with his unique brand of humor.""
""Unmatched in his creativity, insight and crippling candor, Leonard Cohen was a true visionary whose voice will be sorely missed,"" his manager Robert Kory wrote in a statement. ""I was blessed to call him a friend, and for me to serve that bold artistic spirit firsthand, was a privilege and great gift. He leaves behind a legacy of work that will bring insight, inspiration and healing for generations to come.""
Cohen was the dark eminence among a small pantheon of extremely influential singer-songwriters to emerge in the Sixties and early Seventies. Only Bob Dylan exerted a more profound influence upon his generation, and perhaps only Paul Simon and fellow Canadian Joni Mitchell equaled him as a song poet.
Cohen's haunting bass voice, nylon-stringed guitar patterns and Greek-chorus backing vocals shaped evocative songs that dealt with love and hate, sex and spirituality, war and peace, ecstasy and depression. He was also the rare artist of his generation to enjoy artistic success into his Eighties, releasing his final album, You Want It Darker , earlier this year.
""I never had the sense that there was an end,"" he said in 1992. ""That there was a retirement or that there was a jackpot.""
""For many of us, Leonard Cohen was the greatest songwriter of them all,"" Nick Cave, who covered Cohen classics like ""Avalanche,"" ""I'm Your Man"" and ""Suzanne,"" said in a statement. ""Utterly unique and impossible to imitate no matter how hard we tried. He will be deeply missed by so many.""
Leonard Norman Cohen was born on September 21st, 1934, in Westmount, Quebec. He learned guitar as a teenager and formed a folk group called the Buckskin Boys. Early exposure to Spanish writer Federico Garcia Lorca turned him toward poetry  while a flamenco guitar teacher convinced him to trade steel strings for nylon. After graduating from McGill University, Cohen moved to the Greek island of Hydra, where he purchased a house for $1,500 with the help of a modest trust fund established by his father, who died when Leonard was nine. While living on Hydra, Cohen published the poetry collection Flowers for Hitler (1964) and the novels The Favourite Game (1963) and Beautiful Losers (1966).
Frustrated by poor book sales, and tired of working in Montreal's garment industry, Cohen visited New York in 1966 to investigate the city's robust folk-rock scene. He met folk singer Judy Collins, who later that year included two of his songs, including the early hit ""Suzanne,"" on her album In My Life . His New York milieu included Andy Warhol, the Velvet Underground, and, most importantly, the haunting German singer Nico, whose despondent delivery he may have emulated on his exquisite 1967 album Songs of Leonard Cohen .
Cohen quickly became the songwriter's songwriter of choice for artists like Collins, James Taylor, Willie Nelson and many others. His black-and-white album photos offered an arresting image to go with his stark yet lovely songs. His next two albums, Songs From a Room (1969) and Songs of Love and Hate (1971), benefited from the spare production of Bob Johnston, along with a group of seasoned session musicians that included Charlie Daniels.
During the Seventies, Cohen set out on the first of the many long, intense tours he would reprise toward the end of his career. ""One of the reasons I'm on tour is to meet people,"" he told Rolling Stone in 1971. ""I consider it a reconnaissance. You know, I consider myself like in a military operation. I don't feel like a citizen."" His time on tour inspired the live sound producer John Lissauer brought to his 1974 masterpiece, New Skin for the Old Ceremony . However, he risked a production catastrophe by hiring wall-of-sound maximalist Phil Spector to work on his next album, Death of a Ladies Man , whose adversarial creation resulted in a Rolling Stone review titled ""Leonard Cohen's Doo-Wop Nightmare.""
Cohen's relationship with Suzanne Elrod during most of the Seventies resulted in two children, the photographer Lorca Cohen and Adam Cohen, who leads the group Low Millions. Cohen was well known for his wandering ways, and his most stable relationships were with backing singers Laura Branigan, Sharon Robinson, Anjani Thomas, and, most notably, Jennifer Warnes, who he wrote with and produced (Warnes frequently performed Cohens music). After indulging in a variety of international styles on Recent Songs (1979), Cohen accorded Warnes full co-vocal credit on 1984's Various Positions .
Various Positions included ""Hallelujah,"" a meditation on love, sex and music that would become Cohen's best-known composition thanks to Jeff Buckley's incandescent 1994 reinterpretation. Its greatness wasn't recognized by Cohen's label, however. By way of informing him that Columbia Records would not be releasing Various Positions , label head Walter Yetnikoff reportedly told Cohen, ""Look, Leonard; we know you're great, but we don't know if you're any good."" Cohen returned to the label in 1988 with I'm Your Man , an album of sly humor and social commentary that launched the synths-and-gravitas style he continued on The Future (1992).
In 1995, Cohen halted his career, entered the Mt. Baldy Zen Center outside of Los Angeles, became an ordained Buddhist monk and took on the Dharma name Jikan (""silence""). His duties included cooking for Kyozan Joshu Sasaki Roshi, the priest and longtime Cohen mentor who died in 2014 at the age of 104. Cohen broke his musical silence in 2001 with Ten New Songs , a collaboration with Sharon Robinson, and Dear Heather (2004), a relatively uplifting project with current girlfriend Anjani Thomas. While never abandoning Judaism, the Sabbath-observing songwriter attributed Buddhism to curbing the depressive episodes that had always plagued him.
Leonard Cohen, the hugely influential singer and songwriter whose work spanned five decades, died at the age of 82. Gijsbert Hanekroot/Redferns/Getty
The final act of Cohen's career began in 2005, when Lorca Cohen began to suspect her father's longtime manager, Kelley Lynch, of embezzling funds from his retirement account. In fact, Lynch had robbed Cohen of more than $5 million. To replenish the fund, Cohen undertook an epic world tour during which he would perform 387 shows from 2008 to 2013. He continued to record as well, releasing Old Ideas (2012) and Popular Problems , which hit U.S. shops a day after his eightieth birthday. ""[Y]ou depend on a certain resilience that is not yours to command, but which is present,"" he told Rolling Stone upon its release. ""And if you can sense this resilience or sense this capacity to continue, it means a lot more at this age than it did when I was 30, when I took it for granted.""
When the Grand Tour ended in December 2013, Cohen largely vanished from the public eye. In October 2016, he released You Want It Darker , produced by his son Adam. Severe back issues made it difficult for Cohen to leave his home, so Adam placed a microphone on his dining room table and recorded him on a laptop. The album was met with rave reviews, though a New Yorker article timed to its release revealed that he was in very poor health. ""I am ready to die,"" he said. ""I hope it's not too uncomfortable. That's about it for me.""
The singer-songwriter later clarified that he was ""exaggerating."" ""Ive always been into self-dramatization,"" Cohen said last month. ""I intend to live forever.
Suzanne (Rare Footage)",0
20053,Harry Belafonte: ‘Movements Don’t Die’ - The New York Times,"During his   career, Harry Belafonte has been a singer, an actor, a friend to Martin Luther King Jr. a Unicef   ambassador, an   activist and more. “I’m at a time of life when I’m examining the entire journey,” he said one recent afternoon at his Manhattan home, lamenting how the dreams of the civil rights movement are far from realized. “When I was 20 and 30, my visions for what the world would be, all things were possible. ” Mr. Belafonte, for whom art and activism have been inextricably linked, said his life is a “call and response,” and, at 89, he isn’t ready to retire from being one of society’s most passionate and visible advocates just yet. This weekend, “Many Rivers to Cross,” a   “music, art and justice” festival in the Atlanta area focuses on three issues: voting, mass incarceration, and the relationship between community and law enforcement. The lineup features an array of genres and musical styles: John Legend Carlos Santana Goapele Dave Matthews and Tip Harris, better known as the rapper T. I. are scheduled to take the stage, alongside Chris Rock, the poet Sonia Sanchez, the actor Jesse Williams and the activist Umi Selah of the Dream Defenders. The event will raise money for Sankofa. org, a social justice organization founded by Mr. Belafonte that unites   organizations and artists in the fight against problems like income disparity and inequities in the justice system. “What makes a movement work are thousands of parts that come together and express itself in favor of a given destination or objective,” he said. “You have to find men and women who are willing to play the role that each of these things demand. ” With Election Day nearing in what has been a contentious presidential race exposing deep ideological divides, registration services will be available to help attendees ahead of nationwide deadlines. “The vote is perhaps the single most important weapon in our arsenal,” Mr. Belafonte said. An area called the social justice village will feature representatives from over 40 organizations. The goal is to allow festivalgoers to “walk away with tools to better go out and support the causes they care about,” said Gina Belafonte, who helped organize the event with her father. Mr. Belafonte said, “When Trayvon Martin was shot and our community went into a response to that, there was no question in my mind that America was being awakened to its reality. ” Thinking back to the 1950s and ’60s, when he toiled alongside activists including Dr. King, Julian Bond and Fannie Lou Hamer, Mr. Belafonte recalled how Dr. King represented a “harvest of opportunity. ” He added: “The energy that went into the movement disappeared because people were reaping the benefits. We’ve forgotten what the opportunity was about. ” In 2012, a brouhaha ensued after Mr. Belafonte asserted that today’s celebrities have “turned their back on social responsibility” and mentioned Jay Z and Beyoncé. Jay Z responded in an interview with Rap Radar’s Elliott Wilson by saying among other things, “my presence is charity. ” Mr. Belafonte said that he extended an olive branch and that he and Jay Z met one on one. But Mr. Belafonte fervently maintains that artists must do more to champion causes. “There’s no evidence that artists are of the same passion and of the same kind of commitment of the artists of my time,” he said. “The absence of black artists is felt very strongly because the most visible oppression is in the black community. ” Mr. Belafonte provides counsel to celebrities and organizations, saying that he draws parallels between the roadblocks and successes of the ’50s and ’60s and those of the present political movements. Linda Sarsour, the executive director of the Arab American Association of New York, said conversations with Mr. Belafonte had proved critical. “Mr. B plays no games with us,” she said. “When he doesn’t think we’re doing the right thing, he tells us. He said, ‘Look, you need the wisdom of your elders, but we need your energy right now. ’” T. I. who will perform at “Many Rivers to Cross” on Saturday, said he felt compelled to take action his latest EP, “Us or Else,” addresses interactions between law enforcement and blacks, among other issues, and part of its proceeds benefit Sankofa. org. “It just seemed all too consistent, all too repeated, all too ignored,” he said of police killings of black people. In the widely viewed video for the song “Warzone,” which he plans to perform at the festival, he spotlights the cases of Eric Garner, Tamir Rice and Philando Castile. “It was very insightful to hear from someone who had been through so much and been a part of history in so many ways,” he said of his meeting with Mr. Belafonte. With his 90th birthday on his mind, Mr. Belafonte paused to take stock. “I wake up at the age of 90, and I look around and say, ‘What do we need now? ’” he said. “Well, the same things needed now are the same things needed before,” he went on. “Movements don’t die because struggle doesn’t die. ”",0
20054,Single Family Housing Starts Surge Before Long Winter of Our Discontent,Single Family Housing Starts Surge Before Long Winter of Our Discontent By Lee Adler.   Yesterday we looked at total housing starts for October. The numbers were very strong. I concluded that within those strong numbers lay the seeds of destruction. Total housing starts are comprised of single family and multi family units. The total number can be misleading about one of the two markets if one is materially stronger than the other.  ,0
20055,Arizona: “Poster Child” for ObamaCare’s Failures,"Email 
“The Arizona market is the poster child for the problems the [ObamaCare] exchanges are experiencing nationally,” Milliman Inc. actuary Tom Snook told the Wall Street Journal . 
It would be difficult to argue with Snook’s contention. While individual-insurance premiums are rising by an average of 25 percent across the country next year, Arizona’s premiums are set to grow by double or triple that, with some locales experiencing rate hikes topping 100 percent. Meanwhile, for all intents and purposes, Arizonans have but one insurance carrier from whom to purchase coverage, and one county nearly ended up with no carriers at all. 
It wasn’t supposed to turn out like this. Arizona was originally the poster child for the Affordable Care Act’s (ACA) success. The first year the ACA exchanges opened for business, the state had eight insurers offering a wide variety of plans at low prices, in part because of an expectation that the federal government would bail them out if they suffered losses. “A 2013 Society of Actuaries report suggested that the Arizona individual-insurance market could more than double, growing to 570,681 consumers, with more than 80% of them buying through the exchange,” wrote the Journal . “The health-care costs of the newer customer base would be around 22% higher than the old one, it suggested.” 
Instead, as has been the case throughout the nation, Americans made health-insurance decisions based on their own needs rather than following the best-laid plans of politicians and bureaucrats. Those with pre-existing conditions took advantage of the ACA’s mandates that insurers cover them at rates comparable to those of their healthy neighbors, while those neighbors balked at buying coverage that was more expensive and less generous than they desired. The result: Enrollment fell well below expectations, with only 203,000 people buying exchange plans this year, while the cost of covering those enrollees was vastly greater than expected — “around 250% higher on average than individual members before the health law,” Jeff Stelnik, senior vice president of Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arizona, told the Journal . 
To make matters worse, the bailouts never came through. The federal risk-corridor program was supposed to transfer profits from successful insurers to unsuccessful ones, but so few insurers made money on the exchanges that the program could only cover 12.6 percent of losses. Congress refused to make up the difference from general revenues. 
In Arizona, as elsewhere, this could only have one outcome: fewer insurers and higher premiums. Although the number of insurers increased to 11 in 2015, it returned to eight last year. Insurers were forced to raise rates each year — Blue Cross Blue Shield hiked premiums by 35 percent in 2014 — but it still wasn’t enough to break even, let alone turn a profit. The state’s ObamaCare co-op went under in 2015, and major insurers began pulling out of the state en masse this year. UnitedHealth Group and Aetna left entirely. Blue Cross Blue Shield and Health Net both announced they would exit the exchanges in Maricopa County, home of Phoenix, and Pinal County. That, in turn, would have left Pinal County without a single exchange insurer; but “after state and federal regulators ‘expressed their concern for Pinal residents,’” Blue Cross decided to remain in Pinal County after all, Stelnik told the Journal . 
For 2017, every Arizona county will have only one insurer on its exchange, save for Pima County, home to Tucson, which will have two. However, according to the New York Times , only Health Net is offering a full range of plans in Pima County, while Blue Cross is solely selling catastrophic plans for people under 30. Considering that the ACA also allows people to remain on their parents’ insurance until age 26, it seems likely that few will take advantage of Blue Cross’s offer. 
“There are no choices, really, for anybody in Maricopa County,” Phoenix resident Ken Hoag told the Arizona Republic . “The lack of choice is like having empty shelves (and) no food in a third-world country. Do I live in Cuba?” 
Of course, with mounting losses and no competition, it’s hardly surprising that premiums for individual plans are skyrocketing. Blue Cross Blue Shield is raising its rates by an average of 51 percent, Health Net an average of 75 percent. In Phoenix, premiums are going up a whopping 145 percent. Republic columnist Laurie Roberts notes that a typical 27-year-old Arizonan “buying the second lowest ‘silver plan’ will see premiums soar by 116 percent. If that 27 year old makes $35,000 a year, he’ll pay nearly 10 percent of his gross income for insurance even with an Obamacare subsidy. If he makes over $47,000, he’ll pay a jaw dropping $422 a month for insurance, up from $196 this year.” 
That subsidy, as usual, is the ace ObamaCare supporters always have up their sleeve. The rate hikes, while huge, aren’t so bad because the subsidies will cover most of the extra cost, they argue. “That may be so,” Roberts observed, “but how sustainable is a system in which insurance premiums rise by 116 percent in a year? Or even 25 percent a year?” 
Besides, subsidies don’t cover all the added expense. Hoag’s wife had to buy a new plan for 2017 because her old one is being discontinued. While her new plan’s benefits are comparable to those of her old plan, she is going to be stuck for an extra $50 a month in premiums despite her subsidy. 
And what of Arizonans who earn too much money to qualify for subsidies? For them, the Times admits, “the price increases will be excruciating.” The paper cites one example: Leslie Rycroft of Scottsdale, who works in human resources, is paying $1,100 a month this year for a United Healthcare plan that has a $13,000 deductible for her family of four. Their income was a little too high to qualify for a subsidy, she said. When she looked at her options on HealthCare.gov last week, she said she was “absolutely horrified” to see only one insurer, Health Net, offering plans that started at $2,200 a month. “It’s beyond ridiculous,” she said. “All of a sudden you are paying $26,000 a year,” Ms. Rycroft said, “just for catastrophic health insurance.” 
Thus, the Grand Canyon State has the unfortunate distinction of serving as the latest example of the great chasm between progressives’ pipe dreams and reality. As always, though, ordinary Americans, not the politicians who created this monster, are the ones suffering as a result. Is it any wonder that over half of Americans tell pollsters they disapprove of ObamaCare, and the number who say it has hurt them continues to rise? 
The only wonder is that politicians, who normally live and die by opinion polls, haven’t done anything to address their concerns. Perhaps the upcoming elections will change that, but don’t hold your breath. Should you pass out and injure yourself, you might not be able to afford the medical bills with your ObamaCare-approved insurance — if you can even pay the premium. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
20056,Anti-Brexit Meddler Gina Miller Poses Outside the Houses of Parliament,"Home | World | Anti-Brexit Meddler Gina Miller Poses Outside the Houses of Parliament Anti-Brexit Meddler Gina Miller Poses Outside the Houses of Parliament By Alphonse Mucus 08/11/2016 13:27:37 
LONDON – England – Anti-Brexit campaigner Gina Miller has been revelling in her new found fame by posing outside the Houses of Parliament. 


“I used to be a model you know,” Miller says every two minutes. 
She seems to be enjoying the limelight and fame of being one of the foreign interests who was instrumental in attempting to block 52% of British voters who voted to leave the EU. 
Posing in defiance, Ms Miller, a native of Guyana, brings out her new hat, acquired at some posh shop no doubt, or a betting shop lavatory to be more precise. 
“Do you like my new hat?” she scowls, as the primping begins in earnest. 
The photographer adjusts his lens, then sniffs loudly. 
“S’cuse me Miss, but what’s that awful smell? It smells like a turd that has festered in satan’s butt hole for a thousand years.” 
“It’s my hat, or shall I say crown. I shall wear it wherever I go from now on, and anyone who looks at me will see my beautiful crown that I wear so proudly, and think of me.” 
At that moment, four dozen bluebottle flies plop themselves on Gina Miller’s crown and tuck down to some good nosh. 
In the background, the spire of Big Ben looms over the scene, and as the coughing photographer clicks away, a wry smile comes over Gina Miller, she is the Queen today, the Queen of No-Brexit, and she will cherish this moment of fame for the fifteen minutes it will afford her. 
Enjoy your crown Gina Miller, you will wear it for the rest of your pitiful life.",0
20057,Burning Fall Leaves Is Extremely Toxic For The Body & Planet,"Burning Fall Leaves Is Extremely Toxic For The Body & Planet Nov 8, 2016 0 0 
With it being the time of autumn here in the northern hemisphere, the leaves have begun to fall and the colors have begun to change. In what has been a common practice of raking leaves and burning the piles, information is spreading as to why that practice is actually very harmful for people and the planet. Burning leaves is harmful to the health of a person. 
According to Wisconsin’s Department of Natural Resources , burning leaves creates a large amount of dust, soot and other airborne particulates as a result of the often slow process that burning leaves takes. These toxic particles have the ability to reach deep into the lungs, which can cause long-term respiratory issues as well as short term issues to like coughing, wheezing and an accentuation of asthma issues. 
More specifically, burning leaves creates smoke which contains carbon monoxide. This is deadly as it binds with hemoglobin in the bloodstream, which then drastically reduces the amount of oxygen circulating through the body. A bit further down, we’ll look at supplements a person can take if they are exposed to leaf smoke. 
The smoke from leaves also contains benzo (a) pyrene , which is a known carcinogen as it binds to and mutates DNA and is thought to be a major factor in cancer from cigarette smoke. 
Additionally, according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , the concentrations of pollutants coming from leaf smoke can be higher than all other forms of air pollution combined, including factories, vehicles, garden and lawn equipment. 
Instead of burning leaves, one can consider composting them or looking into whether your town or city offers pick-up services for the leaves. Ensure though that the leaves are not being burned at a larger collection site. Consider composting your fall leaves. 
Composting leaves creates a wonderful after-effect by helping to create nutrient rich soil that can be used for potting plants or growing a garden. Ensuring that the leaves are shredded will help to speed up the decomposition process as well as including a source of nitrogen, which could be freshly cut green grass, animal manure or a product from your local home and garden store that helps to catalyze the process. One such product would be beneficial microbes . Supplements 
If you are exposed to leaf smoke, the first and most obviously thing a person can do is to get as far away as possible from the smoke. The second would be to get to a place where the air is clean and begin doing deep in and out breaths to replenish your body with oxygen. 
If a person was exposed for a lengthy period of time to the smoke, eating plenty of green vegetables and salads greens is a great way to not only detoxify the body of harmful pollutants, but also to give your body plenty of chlorophyll, which will help to carry oxygen throughout your bloodstream and into your cells. 
Supplements one can consider include chlorella and spirulina, which are both an algae that contains almost all known nutrients needed in the human body as well as a rich supply of chlorophyll. 
A person can also look into fulvic acid , which is the most potent anti-oxidant known and is excellent at removing toxins and metabolic waste from the body. 
Is there someone in your neighborhood that could benefit from this information? Or someone in your family? Let us all create healthier bodies and a cleaner atmosphere. 
Lance Schuttler graduated from the University of Iowa with a degree in Health Science and practices health coaching through his website Orgonlight Health . You can follow the Orgonlight Health facebook page or visit the website for more information on how to receive health coaching for yourself, a family member or a friend as well as view other inspiring articles.",0
20058,Fitton: Veteran Prosecuted for Posting American Flag on Veterans Affairs Center Fence on Memorial Day - Breitbart,"The treatment of veterans in Veterans Affairs (VA) hospitals is an inexplicable scandal. Now try to focus on this: the federal government, in all its might, is bringing criminal charges against a    veteran for hanging an American flag on a fence. A     flag! On a Veterans Affairs fence! On Memorial Day! [We announced last week that we will provide legal representation to Robert L. Rosebrock, a   veteran who faces federal criminal charges for displaying two     American flags outside a Veterans Affairs fence on Memorial Day, May 30, 2016. The trial is scheduled to begin on March 7, 2017, in Los Angeles.  Rosebrock also is being criminally prosecuted for taking photographs on Memorial Day 2016, and on Sunday, June 12, 2016, without permission. The Memorial Day charge stems from photographs Rosebrock took of a Veterans Affairs police officer while the officer detained and cited him for displaying the two small flags outside the fence. Rosebrock also took photos of VA police detaining and handcuffing conservative activist Ted Hayes after Hayes displayed an American Flag above the same VA fence. Hayes, dressed as “Uncle Sam,” was not charged with any wrongdoing despite being detained and handcuffed. Uncle Sam! The case, United States of America v. Robert L. Rosebrock, (CC11, 4920201 4920202 6593951) will be heard by U. S. Magistrate Judge Steve Kim in the U. S. District Court for the Central District of California. Judicial Watch attorney Sterling E. Norris, a former Los Angeles County deputy district attorney and Los   defense attorney Robert Patrick Sticht will represent Rosebrock. The fence is part of the “Great Lawn Gate” entrance to the Los Angeles National Veterans Park, a public park on the corner of Wilshire and San Vincente Boulevards in the Brentwood area of Los Angeles. The gate and park are part of a larger,   parcel that includes the Veterans Home of West Los Angeles. Rosebrock, along with fellow veterans, Hayes and others, have been assembling at the site nearly every Sunday and Memorial Day since March 9, 2008, to protest what they believe is the VA’s failure to make full use of the valuable West Los Angeles property for the benefit and care of veterans, particularly homeless veterans. Deeded to the federal government in 1888 for the specific purpose of caring for disabled veterans, the property includes the veterans’ home, but also entirely unrelated uses such as a stadium for UCLA’s baseball team, an athletic complex for a nearby private prep school, a golf course, laundry facilities for a nearby Marriott hotel, storage and maintenance facilities for 20th Century Fox Television’s production sets, the Brentwood Theatre, soccer practice and match fields for a private girls’ soccer club, dog park, and a farmer’s market. A hotel laundry! VA officials previously told Rosebrock that a federal regulation allowed hanging the American Flag and   flags on the “Great Lawn Gate” fence, and Rosebrock, Hayes and others hung as many as 30   America flags at the fence at the same time without incident. Rosebrock faces up to six months’ imprisonment if found guilty on any of the three charges. Six months! The federal government’s pursuit of these vindictive charges against Mr. Rosebrock is  . Why in the world would the feds prosecute a    veteran over the placement of two small American flags at the entrance to a park honoring veterans on Memorial Day? Frankly, President Trump should ask why the VA and his Justice Department are trying to jail this American patriot.",0
20059,"SHOCK STATEMENT: Anthony Weiner SPEAKS, Drops LEGAL NUKE On Hillary","Did Anthony Weiner say these things as part a deal to save himself? Anthony Weiner has spoken! One year ago, we all that that Donald Trump was just being funny, just being Trump, when he said that Hillary Clinton was showing poor judgement in letting Huma Abedin, wife of “perf sleaze” Anthony Weiner have access to government information. Trump called the couple a security risk, but again, we thought he was just making fun of them. As it turns out, Donald Trump’s words were eerily prophetic. Unless you have been hiding under a rock, you have heard by now that the FBI is reopening the investigation of Hillary Clinton’s email problems after finding evidence on devices at Anthony Weiner’s home. Earlier, we reported that FBI Director James Comey had tricked Obama’s Department of Justice and the Clintons in sending the investigation announcement letter to Congress. Some believe that Comey was attempting to force the DOJ to issue a warrant so that his agents can start reading the 10,000+ emails on Weiner’s device. 
Here Is How FBI Director Comey BAMBOOZLED The DOJ, CONGRESS, And The CLINTONS All At Once 
Now, Anthony Weiner has spoken and he may have made Comey’s job even easier, while completely bypassing the Department of Justice altogether. 
According to reports, Weiner has given permission for the FBI to access all of the information on his electronic devices, including his wifi router. . @BretBaier emails Chris Wallace while he’s on air: Weiner has given FBI permission to search computer so no warrant needed. @FoxNewsSunday 
— Josh Rogin (@joshrogin) October 30, 2016 I emailed that 2 sources say Weiner is cooperating w/ FBI- & co-owned laptop. Also NY FBI had info 4 a few weeks- pressure was building https://t.co/AHbQVtvQzg 
— Bret Baier (@BretBaier) October 30, 2016 
In essence, Weiner is singing like a bird, and the FBI can conduct a thorough review of the emails in question. If there is criminality found on Weiner’s devices, they have a shot at it. 
Is there anything that the Department of Justice or the Clintons can do? 
Time will tell, but many believe that WikiLeaks and others are about to drop more incriminating evidence on Hillary later this week. 
Comey may have saved himself. Weiner may be trying to cut a plea deal to save himself. 
Hang on, as this ride is still picking up steam! Related Items",0
20060,Airbag Propellant Bound for Takata Factory Detonates en Route - The New York Times,"A woman was killed in her home and four other people were injured when a truck carrying Takata airbag parts and explosives crashed and detonated on a Texas road last week, the company and local authorities confirmed on Monday. The immense blast  —   the victim’s remains were not located for two days  —   highlighted the potency of the explosives used by Takata in its airbags as a propellent to activate its bags in a car crash. It also pointed to the risks associated with Takata’s transport of the explosives across the country from a propellant factory in Washington State to Mexico. Takata’s airbags, and the explosive material used to make them, are at the center of the largest auto safety recall in history. Takata airbags installed in automobiles can explode violently when activated, and have been linked to the deaths of at least 14 drivers as well as to the injuries of over 100 people. Fourteen automakers have recalled more than 64 million inflaters over the defect. The airbags use a propellant based on ammonium nitrate, which has come under scrutiny for its tendency to break down over time and combust violently when triggered. In last week’s accident, which occurred in the early hours of Aug. 22, the woman who died, Lucila Robles, 69, was apparently in her home in the town of Quemado, on the Mexico border, when the crash occurred on the road in front of her property before dawn. The blast destroyed the home. The sheriff’s office sent out search parties for Ms. Robles, thinking she may have been carried by the force of the explosion into nearby brush. Investigators called off the search after two days when they discovered Ms. Robles’s bones, teeth and other remains in the smoldering debris of her house, said Tom Schmerber, the local sheriff for the county of Maverick. Also injured were the two drivers of the truck, who fled their vehicle after it swerved off the road and crashed, and two   in a car. An internal document provided by a former Takata employee shows that Takata transports its explosive compound more than 2, 000 miles across the United States, from its   plant in Moses Lake, Wash. to a distribution center just north of the Mexico border in Eagle Pass, Tex. The   journey, manned by two drivers, takes the truck through Boise, Idaho, and Salt Lake City, as well as Albuquerque and Santa Fe, N. M. according to the document, dated October 2007. From Eagle Pass, the propellant is transferred to separate trucks that then travel to Takata’s airbag factory in Monclova, Mexico, according to the document. Drivers of the trucks are required to be equipped with   clothing,   boots with rubber soles, safety goggles and helmets, the document says, pointing to the hazardous nature of the cargo. Takata said the trucks were carrying the propellant alongside airbag components called inflaters, which are small devices within an airbag that contain the explosive material and which are designed to cause an airbag to inflate in microseconds. The inflaters aboard the truck were newly manufactured, the company said. In a statement, a spokesman for Takata, Jared Levy, said the company followed all regulatory requirements. Glenn P. Wicks, managing director at the Wicks Group, a law firm based in the District of Columbia that specializes in hazmat transportation, said it was not immediately clear whether any federal safety regulations were violated in Takata’s shipping of the propellant and inflaters. Given the severity of the crash, he said, the ammonium nitrate propellant could have triggered an explosion by itself, with or without the inflaters present. Still, investigators are likely to scrutinize how the propellant was packaged and shipped, whether the drivers were certified to handle hazardous materials and whether their working hours were within legal limits, Mr. Wicks said. The Department of Transportation said its investigators were working closely with local officials in Texas to look into the crash and explosion. “Every possible factor or factors  —   including the safety compliance of the motor carrier, the handling of the cargo by the shipper, its packaging, how the truck was placarded, as well as the truck’s routing  —   and all other aspects will be thoroughly investigated to determine whether there were violations of any U. S. Department of Transportation safety regulations, which exist to protect everyone’s safety,” the agency said. The explosion is not Takata’s first accident involving ammonium nitrate. In March 2006, its Monclova plant was severely damaged by a series of blasts blamed on the ammonium nitrate propellant. There were no injuries, although the explosions blew out the windows of nearby homes and forced hundreds of workers and local residents to evacuate. Takata said the truck was operated by a subcontractor, which it did not name. The supplier immediately sent personnel to the site and has been cooperating with local investigators, Mr. Levy said in a statement. “Takata has strict safety procedures relating to the transportation of its products that meet or exceed all regulatory requirements,” he said. “Our thoughts are with the family of the woman who died as a result of this accident, and with the four people injured. ”",0
20061,Want Co-Workers to Vote Your Way? Then Stop Pestering Them - The New York Times,"Every four years, I notice a dramatic increase in personal disclosure at the office.   who are usually reserved about nonwork matters suddenly begin expressing their political beliefs and singing the praises of their preferred presidential candidates. I understand the desire to discuss such a critical event, even if there is a risk of stirring up rancor among people with opposing views. For people whose political opinions are aligned, such conversations can be satisfying and reinforce collegial bonds. Some people feel the election is so important that they simply must express their views in the office. But those who do should beware: Political talk at work can have unintended effects. Declaring your support for a candidate is essentially an unsolicited recommendation to any people who can hear you, whether they are listening voluntarily or not. Research I have done shows that people often have peculiar reactions to such talk. Rather than doing what’s recommended, or even ignoring a suggestion, they often do the exact opposite of what you propose. For example, Donald R. Lehmann of Columbia University and I told participants in a study that a health and fitness magazine strongly recommended against a particular granola bar. Armed with this advice, the participants’ preference for that granola bar then skyrocketed. We got the same results when we told another group of participants about an auto magazine’s compact car recommendations. That people will resist expert recommendations about a car purchase suggests this tendency also plays into decisions with higher stakes  —   including, perhaps, an election. Studies of backlash to restrictions have shown that even strongly held beliefs and behaviors can be turned on their heads. For example, some hospital patients react to restrictions of their freedom by placing themselves at a much greater health risk. Obviously, for a large portion of the public, voting preferences are not subject to outside influence. Some people, for example, always vote the party line no matter what. But for voters who are undecided, subtle environmental influences have the potential to play an outsize role at the polls. When people ask for your opinion before making a choice, they typically incorporate it into their decision. Sometimes they value it greatly. But if you offer advice without being asked  —   watch out. This backlash to unsolicited advice comes from a psychological concept known as reactance, first identified in the 1960s by Jack W. Brehm, a social psychologist at Duke. When a freedom to choose is restricted, it becomes much more attractive. Tell a    child he can have either the   or   candy but not the orange, and orange is suddenly his new favorite flavor. People do not appear to outgrow this tendency as they mature. Unlike tuning into a pundit’s TV show, or reading the editorial page of a newspaper, people rarely seek out their colleagues for political recommendations. Making a show of supporting one candidate, or criticizing another, is a form of unsolicited opinion. Based on our research, I’d say it’s most likely to be resisted, maybe even to the point where an undecided voter will lean the other way. Many workplaces request that their employees not discuss politics in the office. Such policies are generally thought to reduce animosity among   who have differing perspectives. Unfortunately, such policies are rarely successful, and in many cases they elevate political discussion to forbidden fruit. As we learned from our study of reactance, a restricted freedom becomes a desirable one. So employees    thrust their opinions on their colleagues, perhaps talking about a funny portrayal of a disliked candidate on a television program instead of directly attacking the person. And this, of course, creates the potential for a backlash against that political perspective. The colleagues rejecting your unsolicited political advice might not even realize that they are doing so. In work with Tanya L. Chartrand and Amy N. Dalton at Duke, I found that many people push back against perceived threats to their freedom outside their conscious awareness. In one study, we asked participants to name someone in their lives who wanted them to work hard. Then we asked them to work on a puzzle. The participants actually did a worse job when the name of the person who wanted them to work hard was flashed subliminally on a screen before they began working on the puzzle. When it comes to political preferences, keep in mind that certain combinations of perceptions can magnify the effect of a backlash. If you pull into the company lot driving a Toyota Prius  —   already associated with liberal voters  —   plastered with a Hillary   Kaine bumper sticker, and then loudly complain about Donald J. Trump while getting your morning coffee, it could be seen as a particularly annoying,   recommendation. The net effect of who you are, and what you say, could turn undecided voters away from the Democratic ticket. We might expect a similar backlash to a gun enthusiast loudly supporting Mr. Trump. However, these assumptions could also be turned to a candidate’s advantage. If you are a   hybrid driver, or if you like to hunt and you’re a big fan of Mrs. Clinton, then go ahead and tell everyone at the office, and slap an   bumper sticker on your hybrid or your truck. By defying expectations you’ll most likely dampen the automatic backlash, and you might even encourage undecided voters to think twice about your candidate. Perhaps they will realize there’s something they missed.",0
20062,"Liberal Activists Demand Russia Investigation, Trump Impeachment at ’March for Truth’ - Breitbart","Hundreds of    activists gathered at the base of the Washington Monument this morning to advocate for an independent investigation into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 Presidential election.[  Above:   protesters gather in the “March for Truth” at the base of the Washington Monument June 3, 2017, Anger and derision were also directed at the president for his perceived mishandling of the truth, his associates’ interactions with various Russian officials, and American withdrawal from the Paris Climate Agreement.  Speakers at the event included Congressman Jamie Raskin, NOW President Terry O’Neill, Obama Speechwriter Jon Lovett, Town Hall Project Spokesman Jimmy Dahman, and   Activist Linda Sarsour.  Congressman Raskin spoke of Russian President Vladimir Putin leading a global conspiracy to destroy liberal democracy with his own puppets, ranging from President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines to President Trump. He also railed against the American President’s entire agenda as “an act of war” on the American people.  Above: Congressman Raskin of Maryland Speaking at the March for Truth  All the speakers received thunderous applause interspersed with chants of “lock him up” and “Resist. ” Speakers also alleged that Russian interference helped Donald Trump win the presidential election through fake news campaigns, paid Russian trolls on social media, and   media outlets.  Various protest signs featured President Trump and President Putin in cahoots and essentially as one in the same person. Hammer and Sickle imagery was constantly evoked, bringing back memories of the Cold War. This Russophobia was especially striking, given that leaders in the Democrat Party snarked at Mitt Romney for calling Russia “America’s greatest geopolitical foe” in 2012.  The crowd was largely white, which is noteworthy because leftists famously derided Tea Party gatherings and Trump campaign rallies for being overwhelmingly Caucasian. Various attendees refused to speak with this reporter due to his affiliation with Breitbart News. However, some were generous to share their thoughts on the event.  Helen, a political science student from Loudon County said, “We need more transparency, and an independent investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. ” While she would prefer not to reach out to President Trump himself, she expressed a desire to reach Trump supporters and explain to them why an investigation would be warranted.  Mary and James, a mother and son who drove down from Maine, claimed that President Trump’s involvement with Russia originated from Trump taking out loans from Russian financial institutions in the wake of the 2008 recession. James especially expressed frustration over Press Secretary Sean Spicer’s inability to answer basic questions from the press regarding such Russian ties.  Not everyone at the rally was in line with such sentiments. One young man who went by the namesake of the second President, John Adams, held up a sign reading “CNN=ISIS” to derision and boos from the crowd. The efforts of Adams and his friends,   info warriors and trolls, likely stemmed from Alex Jones’s promises of cash rewards to those holding up CNN=ISIS signs on TV.  Adams blasted the Russian collusion narrative as fake. He claimed such contacts with Russian officials were legitimate, citing Jeff Sessions meeting with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kilsylak as a normal duty of an American senator. Others who refused to speak with the media included noted and controversial Muslim activist Linda Sarsour, who brushed off this reporter’s questions in the aftermath of the rally.  Above: Linda Sarsour at the March for Truth, Video by Stephen Chretien:  Photos by Alex Clark for Breitbart News",0
20063,NC School District Fights to Keep Pro-Transgender Message in First-Grade Curriculum - Breitbart,"Public pressure has forced   officials at the   school district (CMS) to withdraw a   book for   kids  —   but the officials are now mandating a book with a disguised version of the same   message. [A teacher raised concerns about the   book, Jacob’s New Dress, at a school board meeting. The book celebrates a young boy who wears dresses to school, and it stigmatizes boys who urge their peers to wear boys’ clothes. After lawmakers in Raleigh heard the concerns, the book was removed from the “ ” curriculum  —   but it was replaced with Red: A Crayon’s Story, which focuses on a red crayon that believes itself to be blue, reports WFXB.   But both books are included in the campaign known as Welcoming Schools by the LGBT advocacy group Human Rights Campaign, an effort to help elementary schools become “ ” and “ . ” According to the Amazon review, the Red: A Crayon’s Story book “can be read at any levels. ” The review says: Red has a bright red label, but he is, in fact, blue. His teacher tries to help him be red (let’s draw strawberries!) his mother tries to help him be red by sending him out on a playdate with a yellow classmate (go draw a nice orange!) and the scissors try to help him be red by snipping his label so that he has room to breathe. But Red is miserable. He just can’t be red, no matter how hard he tries! Finally, a   friend offers a   perspective, and Red discovers what readers have known all along. He’s blue! This funny, heartwarming, colorful picture book about finding the courage to be true to your inner self can be read on multiple levels, and it offers something for everyone.  Also, Amazon shows the two books are often bought by the same buyers and are matched with sales of a book about a boy who wants to be a girl named “Jazz. ” Other books, including “Toni the Tampon,” push the same transgender claim that a person’s sex is changeable, regardless of biology.  “The purpose of our elementary schools is to teach writing, reading, and arithmetic, not to encourage boys to wear dresses,” Tami Fitzgerald, executive director of NC Values Coalition, said in a statement. “I read the book online,” she told the New York Times. “It’s clearly geared to young children. The book is meant as a tool of indoctrination to normalize transgender behavior. I think a lot of parents would object to that. ” Schools should be focused on helping young children to achieve the building blocks of learning, not indoctrinating them in progressive social values, she said in her statement: CMS is failing our children in the recent 2016 state academic ratings, 43 of 165 CMS schools achieved overall pass rates below 50% and a majority (59%) earned a grade of C or below when measuring student proficiency and growth. These lessons found in the book, Jacob’s New Dress and My Princess Boy and other transgender curriculum are not appropriate for any child whose parents support traditional family values. There is no question that this attempt by CMS staff to mandated training is nothing more than putting a dress on CMS’s Gender Unicorn. We encourage CMS to refocus on their mission of maximizing academic achievement instead of advancing this controversial curriculum. The    “Gender Unicorn” message tells children that sexual attitudes can be chosen, diverse and fluid, despite the risk of derailing some children’s normal maturation into healthy and stable young men and young women.  The CMS school board is currently preparing to add sexual orientation and “gender  ” to its policy on multiculturalism, reports the Charlotte Observer, along with such things as race, religion and national origin. “The proposed new policy  …    calls for CMS to “intentionally incorporate diversity throughout the curriculum, instruction and professional development,” says the report. Fitzgerald continued: As Charlotte’s City Council passed an outrageous ordinance last year that made it necessary for the State to correct the mistake with HB2,   schools was working on rolling out a new   policy that seeks to indoctrinate students in the school district by normalizing transgender behavior. Both Charlotte’s ordinance and the CMS transgender indoctrination were advanced by the Human Rights Campaign, a national LGBT activist group, in conjunction with its NC affiliates, Equality NC and Time Out Youth. They provided the curriculum, the training, and the lesson plans for mandated transgender training for our children, complete with the Gender Unicorn, all while the Bank of America funded the program and the groups that support it. Last year, the Charlotte City Council passed the ordinance that allowed anyone who simply declared they had changed their gender to use the restrooms and locker rooms of the opposite sex. The ordinance was pushed forward by registered sex offender Chad   and national   groups during the tenure of Mayor Jennifer Roberts. Former Gov. Pat McCrory (R) however, signed the HB2 privacy and public safety bill into law to nullify the Charlotte ordinance. HB2 required people to use the bathroom that matched the official documentation of their sex. The documents could be their original birth certificate, or a modified birth certificate after surgical changes, so allowing people who want to live as members of other sex to use bathrooms reserved for the other sex. Following the passage of HB2, progressive groups pushed major universities, sports organizations, businesses, and celebrities to boycott the state. The resulting boycotts helped the state’s establishment media to portray the   law as an economic hazard. In general, gay groups opposed the HB2 law because they seek to blur the social and legal recognition of the two male and female sexes. In general, transgender and gay groups opposed the HB2 law because they want to blur the social and legal recognition of the two male and female sexes. The overall goal is to get government support for the “transgender ideology,” which says that Americans should sacrifice their   institutions  —   such as bathrooms, sports leagues, women’s shelters, and normal   practices   —   to validate the relatively few people who want to live as members of the other sex.   groups and their progressive political allies are trying to shape the early development of children, but are being rejected by the public and resisted by mainstream professional and   groups. To learn more about the public’s opposition to the transgender ideology, click here.",0
20064,Re: Jury Nullification,"Butler Shaffer https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/re-jury-nullification-2/ 
Chris: It is telling not only that this academician has tenure, but that he has tenure at a STATE university. Do you think he might be concerned that this jury’s decision might reflect a growing disrespect for the arbitrary arrogance of state power; a weakening that might endanger his continued employment? 12:20  ",0
20065,Obama Says He Would Have Defeated Trump for a Third Term - The New York Times,"HONOLULU  —   President Obama expressed confidence that, if he had run for a third term, he would have defeated Donald J. Trump, according to an interview released Monday with David Axelrod, his friend and former adviser. “I’m confident that if I  —   if I had run again and articulated it, I think I could’ve mobilized a majority of the American people to rally behind it,” Mr. Obama said on Mr. Axelrod’s podcast, “The Axe Files,” referring to his message of inclusion and helping   Americans. “I know that in conversations that I’ve had with people around the country, even some people who disagreed with me, they would say the vision, the direction that you point towards is the right one,” he said. Several hours after the interview was posted, Mr. Trump responded on Twitter. “President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me,” Mr. Trump said. “He should say that but I say NO WAY!  —   jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc. ” The discussion in the interview was pure political conjecture, because the 22nd Amendment to the Constitution limits a president to two terms. Mr. Obama praised the Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton, saying that she performed well under difficult circumstances and that there “was a double standard with her. ” “For whatever reason, there’s been a longstanding difficulty in her relationship with the press that meant her flaws were wildly amplified,” he said. But Mr. Obama also said she campaigned too cautiously. “If you think you’re winning, then you have a tendency, just like in sports, maybe to play it safer,” Mr. Obama said. He added: “And the economy has been improving. There is a sense, obviously, that some communities have been left behind from the recovery and people feeling anxious about that. ” It was “nonsense,” Mr. Obama said, that Democrats had abandoned white   Americans, who rallied to Mr. Trump. “Look, the Affordable Care Act benefits a huge number of Trump voters,” Mr. Obama said. “There are a lot of folks in places like West Virginia or Kentucky who didn’t vote for Hillary, didn’t vote for me, but are being helped by this. ” The problem, Mr. Obama said, was that Democratic politicians were not communicating to these people “that we understand why they’re frustrated. ” “We’re not there on the ground communicating not only the dry policy aspects of this, but that we care about these communities, that we’re bleeding for these communities,” Mr. Obama said. “There’s an emotional connection, and part of what we have to do to rebuild is to be there,” he said. “And that means organizing, that means caring about state parties, it means caring about local races, state boards or school boards and city councils and state legislative races, and not thinking that somehow, just a great set of progressive policies that we present to the New York Times editorial board will win the day. ” In a telephone interview on Monday, Mr. Axelrod, now a commentator on CNN, said it was his sense that Mr. Obama was “frustrated” that his presidency is ending when his party has sustained such a dramatic loss. “He believes the momentum is still on his side in the long term,” Mr. Axelrod said. “He’s always been a guy who thinks long term and has an amazing ability to do that. ”",0
20067,Hillary Clinton Crashes Tribeca Film Festival,NEW YORK (AP)  —   The premiere of a virtual reality short by   director Kathryn Bigelow was already a   event at the Tribeca Film Festival on Saturday night. And then Hillary Clinton walked onstage. [advertisement,0
20068,Four Simple Reasons Why the Global Elite Hate Russia,"By wmw_admin on October 31, 2016 Zero Hedge — via Russia Insider Oct 28, 2016 
In our previous article The Secret Truth about Russia Exposed, we elaborated on how Russia is a convenient enemy for politicians and specifically the Democratic party, to create an enemy that really , well – doesn’t exist to distract and confuse voters. But like with any ‘enemy’ if you bomb a village, you may have some pissed off villagers. As we explain in our best selling book Splitting Pennies – the world doesn’t work the way you see on TV – in fact, it works more closely as seen on Zero Hedge. 
Although Russia simply is just a country in the wrong place at the wrong time (which, throughout Russian history, seems to be a theme for them) – there really is a reason the Elite hate Russia. It’s not because they’re Xenophobic, although there’s that too – it’s because of several key factors that make Russia a unique power in the world, compared to similar countries. Russia is an independent country. It’s not possible to manipulate Russia via external remote control, like it is most countries. The Elite don’t like that! Russia kicked out Soros “Open Society” : 
Russia has banned a pro-democracy charity founded by hedge fund billionaire George Soros, saying the organization posed a threat to both state security and the Russian constitution. In a statement released Monday morning, Russia’s General Prosecutor’s Office said two branches of Soros’ charity network — the Open Society Foundations (OSF) and the Open Society Institute (OSI) — would be placed on a “stop list” of foreign non-governmental organizations whose activities have been deemed “undesirable” by the Russian state. Russia is not easy to cripple via clandestine means, whether it be CIA, MI6, or outright military conflict. Some other BRICs however, that’s not the case. Say what you will about Russia’s military – it’s on par and in many cases, advanced, compared to the US military. And that’s not AN opinion, that’s in the opinion of top US military commanders: 
Late in September, we brought you “ US Readies Battle Plans For Baltic War With Russia ” in which we described a series of thought experiments undertaken by The Pentagon in an effort to determine what the likely outcome would be should something go horribly “wrong” on the way to landing the US in a shooting war with Russia in the Balkans. 
The results of those thought experiments were not encouraging. As a reminder, here’s how Foreign Policy summed up the exercises: Russian culture, and language, is too complex for the average “Elite” who pretends to be internationally well versed because they had a few semesters of French. For example, when the diplomat Clinton was Secretary of State, she presented a reset button translating the opposite meaning… ooops . 
“I would like to present you with a little gift that represents what President Obama and Vice President Biden and I have been saying and that is: ‘We want to reset our relationship, and so we will do it together.’… 
“We worked hard to get the right Russian word. Do you think we got it?” she asked Lavrov, laughing. “You got it wrong,” said Lavrov, as both diplomats laughed. 
“It should be “perezagruzka” [the Russian word for reset],” said Lavrov.”This says ‘peregruzka,’ which means ‘overcharged.’” 
Yes, it’s almost a certainty that if Clinton by some horrible fate is President there will be Nuclear war. Wars have been started over much more subtle mistakes. One would think, that Clinton would have had an advisor CHECK THIS before presenting it in a public ceremony, in front of reporters? How much more blatantly unprofessional can one be? If politicians worked in the private sector, they wouldn’t last a day! How do these people advance so far in politics? Plain and simple, the Elite do not control Russia. While there are backchannels of Russian oligarchs that work directly with Western Rothschild interests, for example, they simply don’t have the same level of control as they do European countries, like Germany for instance. Or another good example is China, there’s this fanatical talk that China can dump US Treasuries blah blah blah the fact is that China is completely dependent on USA and US Dollars, and will be for the rest of our lives. Maybe in 1000 years in the Dong Dynasty still to come they will rule the world but it’s not going to happen anytime soon. 
Russia is one of the most highly misunderstood cultures in the West. Which is strange, because Russia is more like America than any European country: Both Russia and America share huge landmasses with large undeveloped territory Both Russia and America are predominantly white christian majorities (although in last decades, America tries to be more of a melting pot whereas Russia favors ethnic cleansing) Both Russia and America fought against Hitler and the Nazis during World War 2, the defining event of the last 60 years 
There have been numerous interesting situations where Russia helped America and America helped Russia on a number of levels, to learn more about it checkout the following books: 
Wall Street and the Bolshevik Revolution . Armand Hammer: The Untold Story 
Most interestingly, during the Nixon administration Kissinger was prodding Nixon to partner with Russia that would, in Kissinger’s view would create an unstoppable alliance, that no one could compete with such a superpower axis. But, it didn’t happen, as there were ‘neo-cons’ who were against it, mostly Polish Catholics who have some deep genetic fear of any culture using the Cyrillic alphabet. 
Nixon instead chose China (what a mistake!) and created Forex. But the point being that, through a small slip of fate, “China” may have been in this alternative Kissinger reality the ‘Great Evil Enemy’ hacking our elections, as we drive across the Alaskan-Siberian highway without any speed limit, oil would be ten cents a gallon, and we wouldn’t need to war with the Middle East.",0
20069,"Friday Mailbag: Mar-a-Lago, Assassins, Migrants and Drugs - The New York Times","This week, when The Times ran a photograph depicting an assassin standing next to the body of his victim, the Russian ambassador to Turkey, readers wrote to the public editor with questions. Some wanted to protest the photo’s publication, some simply were curious about the thinking behind the decision to run it so prominently. We took these concerns to The Times’s standards editor, Phil Corbett, and because the comments section on the resulting interview was particularly lively, we decided to highlight some of the conversation here. Many commenters stood behind The Times’s decision. Others worried that the photo’s prominence lionized the killer and would inspire similar acts. Still other commenters wondered whether the dead ambassador ought to have been included in the photo. An astute commenter immediately answered the question: The commenter also included a link to a blog post by the public editor’s predecessor on the subject, which addressed that choice, and stood by the editors’ decision. In other news, Donald Trump held an    holiday party for the press at    on Sunday, and a Times journalist was in attendance. Readers wrote in to object to The Times’s presence at the meeting. Elisabeth Bumiller, the Washington bureau chief, discussed The Times’s attendance at the gala with Erik Wemple of The Washington Post earlier this week. “Our policy on    with presidents and   is to push long and hard to do things on record,” she said. “With journalists, you need some insight into the  ’s thinking. We have found in the past that this has helped us with Obama,” and she said    sessions gave The Times “thought and direction to pursue stories afterward. ” The public editor’s take: This is a case where I believe The Times was right in agreeing to the meeting. Such    sessions with the president are somewhat infrequent but common through the history of White House reporting. They offer a chance for the media to get to know the president they cover a little better, without sacrificing that much. After all, it isn’t that often that some information of great public import is revealed at these sessions. That said, pressing for    sessions is always the preferred route. After the terrorist attack on a Christmas market in Berlin on Monday, a reader wrote in concerned about The Times’s use of the word “migrant” rather than “refugee. ” We asked Corbett whether there have been internal discussions around these terms. “The International desk has indeed wrestled with this question, which is complicated and sensitive,” he said. “Migrants is the broader term, including both refugees and others. ” Joe Kahn, the current managing editor and former international editor, also addressed this question in a blog post the public editor’s predecessor wrote last year. “While imperfect, it is accurate to refer to both migrants and refugees as ‘migrants,’ because they all belong to the class of people moving from one place to another,” he said. “It is not accurate to refer to all migrants as refugees, however, as refugees have a special status under international law that does not apply to all migrants. ” Another reader noticed an issue with a story about a nightclub in T, The New York Times Style Magazine. The reader, Danny Cohen of Los Angeles, put it bluntly: “How could you not mention the problems with Tenants of the Trees?” He linked to a story that reported that multiple men and women claim to have been drugged at the nightclub earlier this year. The public editor’s take: I’m with the reader on this one. Seems like a shadow hanging over the place that the readers should have been told about. Happy holidays to our loyal readers. The public editor’s office will be shuttered next week as we take a quick breather. See you in the new year.",0
20070,Hillary Clinton’s Exploits in McCarthyism,"Hillary Clinton’s Exploits in McCarthyism November 8, 2016 
The New Cold Warriors who surround Hillary Clinton have made Russia-bashing and McCarthyism the go-to tactics to silence the few voices warning of the grave and unnecessary risks of a new Cold War, notes James W Carden. 
By James W Carden 
Now that the 2016 election campaign is at long last over, an examination of the reckless, fact-free, innuendo-laden McCarthyite rhetoric which Hillary Clinton’s campaign surrogates deployed over the past several months is in order. 
The first and most obvious point to be made is that the anti-Russia hysteria that characterized the election, particularly in its final weeks, did not come out of nowhere; in fact, it should be seen as part of a natural progression of the elite media’s Russophobia which took root in and around the Ukraine crisis of late 2013-early 2014 and led, almost ineffably, not only to charges of Russian election-rigging in the United States but in the identification, in the pages of Newsweek and the Washington Post , of Russian fifth-columns within the United States. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. 
How the Ukraine crisis poisoned America political discourse is by now well known. As I reported in The Nation almost 18 months ago, the cottage industry of unscrupulous neo-McCarthyites which has grown up around Washington, London and Manhattan in recent years has sought to stifle debate by bandying charges of unpatriotic disloyalty against anyone questioning the wisdom of U.S. policy toward Russia. (It bears noting that something similar regarding Syria policy is happening as I write, driven, for the most part, by the usual suspects.) 
As one long time political scientist told me at the time, “The atmosphere here in the U.S. created by the Ukraine crisis is poisonous – and I say this having been an academic for 37 years.” 
The millennial careerists who help staff the ranks of the New Cold Warriors instinctually reach for ad hominem attacks over reasoned argument – and in so doing helped make way for the tactics the Clinton campaign unleashed in 2016. 
By the time the nominating conventions rolled around this summer, the Clinton campaign was engaged in a Twenty-first Century witch hunt against any Trump adviser who had so much as visited Russia. Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort and foreign policy adviser Carter Page were both hounded out of the campaign by Clinton-inspired media smears. 
Clinton’s campaign, which was run by Robby Mook, a 36-year-old hot shot who clearly relished his role as a kind of millennial Roy Cohn, repeatedly attacked former Ambassador to Germany and arms control negotiator under Ronald Reagan, Richard Burt. 
Burt was singled out, not only by the Clinton camp, but by Salon and Newsweek, because he had served as an adviser to Alfa Bank, the Russian bank which played a starring role in former New Republic editor’s Franklin Foer’s thoroughly debunked article on the Trump Organization’s (non-existent) “secret” email server. 
Yet what is most interesting isn’t so much the smears – phrases like “useful idiot” and “Kremlin stooge” which are mostly warmed-over fare from the first Cold War – but the mindset of the New Cold Warriors. How is it that these self-anointed crusaders for “humanitarian intervention” and “democratization,” these self-appointed enemies of tyranny, end up on the side of neo-Nazis in Ukraine, Al Qaeda and al-Nusra affiliate in Syria, all the while stirring up sectarian and nationalist pathologies across the Middle East and Eastern Europe? 
Cold War Nostalgia 
The first thing to recognize is that our New Cold Warriors suffer from la nostalgie de la guerre froide . The historian John Lukacs has written at length on this pathology. In his destined to be classic The End of The Twentieth Century, Lukacs cast a gimlet eye on what he saw as the tendency of academic and media types during the first Cold War to practice “anti-Communism at a safe distance.” Russian President Vladimir Putin answering questions from Russian citizens at his annual Q&A event on April 14, 2016. (Russian government photo) 
This tendency, according to Lukacs, sprang from two sources: first, from a “sense of self-satisfaction: knowing that one is on the right side, on the respectable side together with all of those right-thinking people.” 
Lukacs, himself no apologist for Communism, also observed that this tendency is driven by “the exaggeration of the diabolical powers and machination of Communism and the Communists.” Substitute “Communism and the Communists” for “Putin and the Kremlin” and you have a perfect precis of New Cold Warrior thinking. 
No better example of this tendency to talk a tough game against post-Communist Russia by academics and journalists safe in the knowledge that they will never be called upon to fight, was a conference convened by Franklin Foer’s New Republic in Kiev in May 2014. 
Some background may be in order: The Ukrainian crisis – involving the violent ouster of elected President Viktor Yanukovych on Feb. 22, 2014 – escalated into a full-scale civil war in and around April 6 in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk. The Western-supported government in Kiev, depicting the indigenous anti-coup movement for a Russian invasion, sent its military and privately funded militias to crush the uprising in what was called an “Anti-Terrorism Operation” or ATO. 
To some, it was a tragedy of the first order that Kiev chose war and missed an opportunity to earn – via negotiation and compromise – much needed legitimacy in the east for what was, after all, a junta government. 
Yet others, like Yale University historian Timothy Snyder and the New Republic’s literary editor Leon Wieseltier, embraced the ouster of Yanukovych and were positively exultant; so much so that they wasted little time in making their way to Kiev, “rallying to democracy’s side.” 
The conference, “Ukraine: Thinking Together,” featured several luminaries of the liberal-interventionist left including Franklin Foer; Iraq War apologist Paul Berman; National Endowment for Democracy President Carl Gershman; a founding father of Poland’s Solidarity movement, Adam Michnik; a historian of Eastern Europe, Timothy Garton Ash; and the preening cheerleader of NATO’s war on Libya, Bernard Henri Levy. 
In a note announcing the conference, Wieseltier, sounding an awful lot like Christopher Hitchens in the run-up to the Iraq War, declared: “We cannot just sit back and watch Putin’s imperialism and repression. There are times and places where one must stand up and be counted.” 
From where did this impulse to “stand and up and be counted” arise? Well, Wieseltier’s remarks in Kiev are revealing and are worth quoting at length. In his rhetoric we can hear a not-so-faint echo of Edward Arlington Robinson’s Miniver Cheevy: 
“I watched the progress of Putin’s imperialism beyond his borders and fascism within his borders, I ruefully remarked to Frank Foer that the moment reminded me of what I used to call my Congress for Cultural Freedom-envy — my somewhat facile but nonetheless sincere regret at having been born too late to participate in the struggle of Western intellectuals, some of whom became my teachers and my heroes, against the Stalinist assault on democracy in Europe. And all of a sudden, pondering the Russian aggression in Crimea, and the Russian campaign of destabilization in Ukraine, I realized that I had exaggerated my belatedness. I was not born too late at all.” 
That explains rather a lot. Wieseltier – and in all likelihood Levy and Foer – were suffering from a bad case of history-envy and saw in the crisis in Ukraine a chance to assuage their consciences and prove their worth on the world-historical stage. It is, it must be admitted, an odd way to go about it, socializing in Kiev with a Facebook billionaire , your friends and neocon fellow travelers from the magazine all the while homes, schools and hospitals in eastern Ukraine were being shelled to bits by the very government you traveled so far to “ demonstrate solidarity ” with. 
Putin Hatred 
If Cold War nostalgia plays a role in shaping the weltanschauung of the New Cold Warriors, so too does their uncritical embrace of anyone who opposes Russian President Vladimir Putin. The New Cold Warriors are, in effect, blinded by pseudo-solidarity for Putin’s “victims” like the crass performance artists Pussy Riot and the wondrously corrupt former oligarch-turned-sainted dissident Mikhail Khodorkovsky. Screen shot of the fatal fire in Odessa, Ukraine, on May 2, 2014, that killed scores of ethnic Russians while Ukrainian nationalists cheered. (From RT video) 
And then, of course, there is the new Ukraine where the government, so enthusiastically embraced by Franklin Foer’s New Republic, has embarked on program of de-Communization which, since Ukraine and Communism parted ways a quarter of a century ago, means, in practice, a program of de-Russification, with all that entails, including, a conscious erasure of the Soviet Union’s role in defeating the Nazis and a whitewashing of Ukraine’s ugly history of anti-Semitism, including the role of Stepan Bandera, the wartime leader of the nationalist OUN which was responsible for the murder of hundreds of thousands of Jews and Poles. 
As the magazine The Forward reported: “The whitewashing, now a disturbingly widespread phenomenon, ramped up in earnest after Ukraine’s 2013–2014 Maidan uprising and the ensuing conflict with Russia. On January 1, 2014, 15,000 ultra-nationalists marched through Kiev carrying placards with [Ukrainian nationalist Stepan] Bandera’s image and chanting OUN slogans; today, marches honoring Bandera, the OUN and Ukrainian SS units take place regularly across Ukraine. 
“In the spring of 2015, Ukraine’s parliament passed a highly controversial law , mandating that Bandera and his groups be regarded as Ukrainian patriots, and making denial of their heroism a criminal offense.” 
In a way, these developments were probably a long time in coming and have been facilitated by the effective disenfranchisement of a large share of the Russo-phone east. Consider the spike in nationalist sentiment in Eastern Europe in the post-Cold War years. 
We return briefly to the historian Lukacs who observed in 1993 “a growing nostalgia and appreciation of nationalist Eastern European governments before and during the Second World War.” He observed that in the years following the fall of the Berlin Wall, “schools and streets” in Slovakia and Croatia were being renamed in honor of Nazi collaborators, while in Romania “the murderous Iron Cross now enjoys a recurrent wave of nostalgic prestige.” 
The American media has willfully turned a blind eye to these similar and ominous developments in Ukraine (to say nothing of the recent torchlight parades in NATO-allied Estonia ) because what matters among the New Cold Warriors is to appear to be “taking a stand” against the Russian bogeyman. 
Ignoring Reality 
And then there is the inability or unwillingness of the New Cold Warriors to take realpolitik considerations into account when it comes to Russia. This is odd, since they are as of one mind when it comes to far more sinister regimes like Saudi Arabia, where people quite literally have their heads chopped off in the middle of the street in broad daylight. Nazi symbols on helmets worn by members of Ukraine’s Azov battalion. (As filmed by a Norwegian film crew and shown on German TV) 
But, they will say, the U.S. needs Saudi Arabia because a) they have oil and b) they oppose the Iranians. As arch-neoconservative Bret Stephens recently said in an exchange with Sen. Rand Paul on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” we are “lucky” to have the Saudis as allies. 
Leave that nonsense aside for the moment: the point is that the facility to think in terms of geo-strategy abandons the New Cold Warriors when it comes to Russia and Vladimir Putin. And so, the fact that Russia does not threaten American interests in our hemisphere; that it did more than most NATO allies to assist in the fight in Afghanistan (via the Northern Distribution Network); that it was a crucial player in the Iranian P5+1 negotiations (which the New Cold Warriors probably hold against the Russians, since they are nearly all opposed to the deal); and that it brokered the deal to dismantle Bashar al-Assad’s chemical weapons program in Syria are all studiously ignored in their analyses. 
In other words, panic and handwringing over the alleged “cyber war” aside, Putin’s Russia does not threaten U.S. interests, properly defined. Indeed, Russia has, whether we find its domestic politics and widespread government corruption distasteful or not (and I do), proved to be an important partner when its core interests coincide with ours – which is more often than not. 
Interests should drive policy not ephemeral, so-called “shared values” to which the New Cold Warriors themselves only fitfully adhere . 
Twenty-five years ago, one U.S. president sketched out an alternative path to the one that the U.S. has been pursuing since Bill Clinton took office. In a speech much derided by those who practiced “anti-Communism at a safe distance,” President George H.W. Bush traveled to Kiev on Aug. 1, 1991, to warn against succumbing to the siren song of ethno-nationalism. 
“Freedom, democracy, and economic liberty,” said Bush , “No terms have been abused more regularly, nor more cynically than these. Throughout this century despots have masqueraded as democrats, jailers have posed as liberators.” He continued in a vein almost unthinkable by an American president today: “Americans will not support those who seek independence in order to replace a far-off tyranny with a local despotism. They will not aid those who promote a suicidal nationalism based upon ethnic hatred.” 
Bush was prescient: the steady diet of Russophobia and anti-Putin hysteria now underway (and de rigueur among the New Cold Warriors) is fanning the flames of ethno-nationalist hatred within Europe. Does this development enhance or detract from pan-European stability and U.S. national security? 
The answer is clear. And yet the new crusaders persist, and worryingly, as of Tuesday, may have a commander-in-chief who completely shares their views waiting in the wings. 
James W Carden is a contributing writer for The Nation and editor of The American Committee for East-West Accord’s eastwestaccord.com. He previously served as an advisor on Russia to the Special Representative for Global Inter-governmental Affairs at the US State Department.",0
20071,Comment on “This godless shrieking malcontent… This walking cadaver.” by Leeann Springer,"“This godless shrieking malcontent… This walking cadaver.” – Huma Abedin describing Hillary 
September 03, 2016 at 8:57 pm. Huma Abedin @ yahoo.Com wrote: 
Sorry for my late reply, Hassan. Yes, let me tell you about her. The woman is so odd, so starved for validation, so tormented and vain it is a constant surprise to me that anyone takes her seriously. 
Everyone on the team knows how unwell she is, but they’re more determined than ever to see her win. This woman that has a dozen seizures a day. This godless shrieking malcontent passed out in her medical van. This walking cadaver. She’s nonfunctional. 
Hassan, nobody cares. We sober her up for speeches and indulge the press corps with cheap sentiment. The first female president. The last glass ceiling, etc. They trip over themselves lining up behind her. 
Surely they know it is not her they’re getting. It’s the one in the corner, the quiet helper, your sister Huma. 
You asked me once how I did it. How did I take the castle? Hassan, I didn’t take it, they gave it to me. Yes, there was a cost. I will admit, subjecting myself to AW (Anthony Weiner) and WJC (William Jefferson Clinton) is mortal torture. But I do it gladly, brother, everything they ask of me, however sick and depraved. I do it, and I smile, rejoicing at the thought of whose glory I serve.” 
“…whose glory I serve.” Folks, she’s not talking about serving the living God. She’s serving Alah, AKA the devil. Huma is revealing her motives, her long game, in her service to Hillary Clinton. She is crawling into power to hand us over to islam. 
A friend who is deeply connected and has followed Huma closely for a number of years told me this morning that Huma is slated for a very powerful position in our government if Hillary wins. This makes sense when considering the Appointments Obama made during his presidency. 
♞",0
20072,Singer at All-Star Game Adds ‘All Lives Matter’ to Canadian Anthem - The New York Times,"The most memorable thing about the   Game on Tuesday night might have been what happened before the first pitch was even thrown: A member of a Canadian quartet singing the country’s national anthem altered some lyrics and held up a sign that said “All Lives Matter. ” The group, the Tenors, which is based in British Columbia, drew heavy criticism on Twitter after one of its members, Remigio Pereira, inserted the political statement while singing “O Canada” before the game at Petco Park in San Diego. Mr. Pereira pulled out the sign from his suit jacket and, during a solo portion of the song, sang: “We’re all brothers and sisters. All lives matter to the great. ” The traditional lyrics at that point in the anthem are: “With glowing hearts we see thee rise. The True North strong and free. ” The other members of the group  —   Clifton Murray, Fraser Walters and Victor Micallef  —   said later they were “shocked and embarrassed” by the actions of Mr. Pereira, whom they described in a statement as being a “lone wolf. ” They added that his stunt was “extremely selfish” and that he would not be performing with the group until further notice. “Our sincere apologies and regrets go out to everybody who witnessed this shameful act, to our fellow Canadians, to Major League Baseball, to our friends, families, fans and to all those affected,” the statement said. “United We Stand” was written on the back of Mr. Pereira’s sign, The Associated Press reported. Major League Baseball had no idea Mr. Pereira planned to make a political statement, a spokesman, Matt Bourne, said. The episode happened against a backdrop of heightened racial tensions in the United States. Last week, two black men were killed in separate police   shootings and five police officers in Dallas were shot and killed by a black man who the authorities said was targeting white officers in retribution. “All Lives Matter” is a statement frequently delivered in response to “Black Lives Matter,” which has been used by activists to call attention to police shootings. The Canadian anthem was not broadcast live on American television, but it aired in Canada. At the stadium, fans reacted with surprise when Mr. Pereira’s sign was broadcast on the scoreboard. But that was nothing compared with the fury that appeared on Twitter: The Tenors were formed in 2007 and have performed more than 500 concerts on five continents and have made over 150 television appearances, according to the group’s biography. The singers appeared at the 2010 Olympic opening ceremony in Vancouver and with artists including Andrea Bocelli, Sting and Elton John. While the change in the anthem’s lyrics was widely criticized, some on Twitter found room for humor:",0
20073,"Walmart to Create 10,000 Retail Jobs, 24,000 Construction Jobs","Walmart announced Tuesday it would be creating 10, 000 jobs in the United States this year, a number that’s on par with the amount of jobs the store has created in previous years, as   Donald Trump puts pressure on companies to create more jobs in the U. S.[The new jobs will be retail jobs for Walmart’s 59 new stores planned for the next fiscal year that starts in February or   jobs, but there will also be 24, 000 new construction jobs created in order to build the new stores, Reuters reports.  Walmart said the number of new jobs is about the same as previous years, and is part of $6. 8 billion in capital investments in the U. S. for the new fiscal year which starts Feb. 1. The investments also include construction and remodeling of stores and distribution centers as well as expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup, KWTV reported. “Our 2017 plans to grow our business   …     will have a meaningful impact on the country,” Executive Vice President Dan Bartlett said in a statement. Walmart also said it would open 160 training academies around the country, adding to the 40 that already exist. The company aims to provide up to six weeks of specialty training to 225, 000 workers, the company said. Walmart’s job announcement comes after the store had to close 154   U. S. stores and slash 10, 000 jobs in January 2016, USA Today reports.",0
20074,This Is Where It Gets Interesting – We’ve Never Seen Such A Run On Fractional Reserve Gold & Silver | Andrew Maguire,"October 27, 2016 at 8:16 PM 
I don’t know about all y’all but I’ve been watching Venezuela like a hawk for at least 10 years, all the way back to when Chavez assumed the presidency and Bush tried to have him assassinated or taken out with a coup. Bush lost. Chavez remained and got the country’s gold back. All 144 tons. He died after a massive looting of the private enterprises. His daughter ended up being worth $4.5 billion and Chavez set in motion the process of systemic destruction of the country. Maduro now has the country in a death spiral, is selling off the gold to Citibank to pay the bills and just announced that the newest currency will would be 200 times more than the largest bill now in circulation. That bill will be 20,000 bolivars. Black market value is $13 USD Currency controls are now in place with limits on ATM withdrawals. IMF estimates inflation of 1600% next year, 2900% in 2018 and 3500% in 2019. Those are low because IMF is wrong on any calculations like this 
So what’s with precious metals in Venezuela? Silver and gold go a long way to purchasing power but the consumer finds no goods on the shelves. The good news is that with this gross devaluation means the smallest notes are worth less than toilet paper. That means the TP shortage will be solved very soon.",0
20075,US Plan “C” in Syria: Make “Al Qaeda Central” The New Capital,"By Tony Cartalucci In reality, since even before Syria’s conflict began unfolding in 2011, the United States had been planning for the nation’s division and... ",0
20076,Social Justice Attorney Andrea Burton: Jailed for Refusing to Remove Black Lives Matter Lapel Pin,"Tweet Widget by Bill Quigley 
A young Black lawyer from Youngstown, Ohio, had to sue a judge who held her in contempt of court for wearing a Black Lives Matter pin. The judge said his decision had nothing to do with politics. “The local NAACP chapter questioned that assertion and wondered whether the Judge would have jailed Burton if she was wearing a ‘Support the Troops’ pin.” Atty. Andrea Burton ultimately agreed to wear her pin in the courthouse, but not in the courtroom. Social Justice Attorney Andrea Burton: Jailed for Refusing to Remove Black Lives Matter Lapel Pin by Bill Quigley 
“To remain neutral becomes an accomplice to oppression.” 
Andrea Burton, a 30 year old Ohio criminal defense lawyer, was rocketed onto the national social justice scene this summer after she was handcuffed and jailed for refusing to take off a Black Lives Matter pin while in court. 
Burton’s stance received international attention . “I think that you can’t remain silent or you remain a party to oppression,” she told The Washington Post . “I am usually a pretty agreeable person. I’m always smiling. I’m polite. I have manners. But at some point it eats away at you how any time people see you talk about Black Lives Matter, then you’re being sensitive, you’re the person who’s racist.” In interviews with local media Burton insisted “I'm not anti-police, I work with law enforcement and I hold them in the highest regard, and just to say for the record, I do believe all lives matter. But at this point they don't all matter equally."" 
The Black Lives Matter pin was about one inch across , the size of a nickel . Burton refused an order to remove the Black Lives matter pin by Youngstown Ohio Judge Robert Milich . Burton told the Judge she was asserting her First Amendment rights . “I said I’m respecting my first amendment right, that I’m not neutral to injustice, and to remain neutral becomes an accomplice to oppression.” The judge held her in contempt of court, jailed her and sentenced her to five days. After being jailed for five hours and the NAACP was called in to help, the judge released Burton pending an appeal of his decision. 
Judge Milich, who was already famous for announcing his refusal to perform any marriages on the day the U.S. Supreme Court legalized same sex marriage, told the media that his own personal opinions had nothing to do with the decision. The local NAACP chapter questioned that assertion and wondered whether the Judge would have jailed Burton if she was wearing a “Support the Troops” pin. When asked by The Daily Beast , whether he would jail a lawyer for wearing a pin that said Support Our Troops, he refused to say. “I can’t speculate on what a political pin might be until I look at it. I just used the definition in the Black’s Law Library Dictionary, and the standard dictionary of what’s political.” The Judge further muddied the waters when he said “There’s a difference between a flag, a pin from your church or the Eagles and having a pin that’s on a political issue.” 
“Burton told the Judge she was asserting her First Amendment rights.” 
Burton paid a high price for her convictions. After she was jailed, Burton, who had been previously regularly appointed to represent numerous Youngstown Municipal criminal defendants , said she was “frozen out” of the appointment process for representing criminal defendants and received no appointments at all. 
Burton then filed a federal civil rights damages actio n against Judge Milich, the other Youngstown Municipal Judge, and the City of Youngstown for violations of her constitutional rights to Freedom of Speech, Due Process and Equal Protection. In the civil rights case, filed in the Northern District of Ohio, Burton pointed out police officers were in the same courtroom with black tape over their badges and the judge did nothing to them. After court monitored settlement discussions, Burton agreed to drop her federal civil rights case. In return the Judge agreed to drop her contempt charge. Burton said she will continue to wear her BLM pin in the courthouse but not inside the courtroom. Further, the settlement provided that local judges agreed not to retaliate against her and will fully consider her requests for future appointments to court-appointed cases. 
Who is this brave lawyer? 
Beginnings 
Burton grew up in Youngstown, Ohio in a family active in the civil rights movement. “My grandfather marched on Washington with Martin Luther King ,” said Burton. “He was a good friend of A. Phillip Randolph . He protested in the South during the Civil Rights Movements and attended the 1963 March on Washington. He was one of the first black Councilpersons for Youngstown. My mother was pretty active in the black awakening during the 60s. She was fairly militant about civil rights as a teen and was what we know now as a feminist.” 
Some of her courage is no doubt due to her upbringing. Burton’s older brother was born with a rare genetic disorder that left him mentally disabled and very sickly as a child. Dad operated a successful business despite addiction issues until his death when Burton was 15. Mom, a legal secretary and later a court bailiff, did heroic work caring for the family. 
“My mother’s compassion and dedication greatly influenced how empathetic I have become. She pushed me greatly to do more than what was expected, to excel when it would be simpler to be typical. She never told me that there was anything I could not do if I set my sights on achieving it. She worked hard to make the resources available to me if I actually wanted them. Both my parents were college educated. Both were heavily invested in learning. 
“My parents never really treated me as a child so I was often exposed to difficult realties and frank conversations. I was conscious of the ways people were different (i.e., gender, orientation, race, or class) but how it did not matter at all in determining their worth.” 
Studies 
Burton always did well in school. “I was expected to be a good student. My father was relentless about math grades and performances especially. I won a sport in the Junior Statesman Program at Georgetown University to study government when I was 16 years old. It was a highly competitive program that included people from all over the world. 
Burton earned a scholarship and graduated from Youngstown State University in 2008 in pre-law and journalism. She was awarded another scholarship to study for her Masters in Library and Information Science at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign . 
“I decided to become a lawyer as I finished my bachelor’s degree.” So after she received her graduate degree she returned to Ohio and commuted from home to attend the University of Akron School of Law . “The best part of law school was working in the legal clinic.” There she wrote appellate briefs for prisoners, provided legal research to inmates, handled applications for clemency to the governor and other pro bono services to low income individuals. She took social justice classes when she could and wrote a major paper on Kelley Williams-Bolar who was convicted of a felony for enrolling her children in another better school district. “I wanted to study why anyone would commit a felony to educate their kids, why was it necessary? What differences where there?” 
“She wrote appellate briefs for prisoners, provided legal research to inmates, handled applications for clemency.” 
After becoming a lawyer, Burton began a small private practice and spent a lot of her time working as a public defender. “It was a shock,” Burton admits. “People with power and influence held some bigoted ideas. People were not treated fairly and it was quite disheartening. 
“As a criminal defense lawyer, I am motivated by humanity, compassion and the oath I took to uphold the Constitution of the United States. I am often asked how I could represent those accused of crimes, some heinous crimes. I see criminal defense work as an opportunity to make sure that the promise that the criminal justice system makes “innocent until proven guilty” is followed. Getting convictions and imparting justice are two very different things. My job is to make sure that statutes and rules are followed to guarantee a fair and impartial trial. Politics should not factor into that. I am merely an instrument of justice but I take my role extremely seriously. 
“It is sometimes challenging to work with other attorneys and people in the justice system who are oblivious to the discrepancies people of color and impoverished people experience within the system that is set up to eradicate those inequities. I am also disappointed in people who accept the status quo just because it is easy and convenient. We need to be willing to continually re-evaluate our role in furthering injustice. 
Justice 
“Justice sometimes comes slowly, through time, by the changing of minds through understanding and experience. Other times it is the result of tumultuous uncertain revolutions. The problem with maintaining justice is that often we only recognize what justice is by seeing injustice. Sometimes the world needs a major event, a major catalyst to stir change. That process is often frightening. To me, living in a world where we value some more than others is unjust. Especially when some are undervalued to the point that people are systematically dying. When people are too afraid to have an informed dialogue about how factors intersect to create injustice that perpetuates injustice. Willful blindness in the face of a wealth of information is the greatest threat to civilization today. 
Sustainability 
“One of the ways I sustain myself is that I read continuously. I read philosophy as well as political and spiritual texts. I have a close friend that I speak with virtually every week. He has been a savior for me since I was 17 years old. We understand each other because we are both avid readers, with similar interests in philosophy and in that we both have always felt a sense of isolation and disconnection from our peers. This is important because I think that more and more people feel a sense of disconnect from the world despite the many connections created through social media. 
“When someone asks me for a book recommendation, I suggest Strength to Love by Martin Luther King Jr. It is a religious book, but I do not read it simply for the Christian aspects of it. I read it because it’s empowering, powerful and because King was an extremely smart compassionate person and it shows. I also read Nietzsche religiously. 
“I am involved in the YWCA which is dedicated to eliminating racism, empowering women and promoting peace, justice, freedom and dignity for all. 
“My dream is that differences in color would actually be as relevant as shoe size and that religious fanaticism would disappear.” 
Advice to Law Students 
“Learn to see value in every human being and truly read the papers that are the foundation of this Country. Study and understand the Constitution and The Federalist Papers . They demonstrate how this democracy was formulated. Know your history because it shapes today in ways you will never appreciate fully otherwise. Be prepared to examine yourself for your own conflicts in logic and your own biases. Learn how lawyers can become accomplices to injustice, even if unintentionally. 
Role Models 
“ Harriet Tubman , Sojourner Truth , Alexander Hamilton , W.E.B Du Bois , Langston Hughes , James Baldwin , Gandhi , Malala Yousafzai , Martin Luther King , A. Phillip Randolph , Rosa Parks , Thurgood Marshall , Ralph Abernathy , and Joseph Lowery inspire me. Malcolm X of course. And our President Barack Obama and the First Lady Michelle Obama . I am also inspired by the countless individuals who face oppression and injustice in their lives daily but continue to work toward a better world. I am inspired by those who fight for those who are limited in power or face nearly insurmountable odds. I think the work of those individuals is the key to making the world a place where love conquers hate and fear. 
Conclusion 
“The day I wore that button and was found in contempt changed my life, the effect of it are still rippling, some in destructive ways and others in very inspiring ways. I wore it because my soul was so tired from all the inequities I had seen over my 4 years of practice. I was exhausted from losing a series of small battles for understanding for my vulnerable clients. I was tired of the indifference of the prosecutorial offices. And all I could think to do was wear this button for a little joy. For a small win. To hope to change someone’s mind. Bill Quigley teaches law at Loyola University New Orleans.",0
20077,The Modern History of ‘Rigged’ US Elections,"Posted on October 27, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 
By Robert Parry, the investigative reporter who many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. Originally published at Parry’s Consortium News (republished with permission). 
The United States is so committed to the notion that its electoral process is the world’s “gold standard” that there has been a bipartisan determination to maintain the fiction even when evidence is overwhelming that a U.S. presidential election has been manipulated or stolen. The “wise men” of the system simply insist otherwise. 
We have seen this behavior when there are serious questions of vote tampering (as in Election 1960) or when a challenger apparently exploits a foreign crisis to create an advantage over the incumbent (as in Elections 1968 and 1980) or when the citizens’ judgment is overturned by judges (as in Election 2000). Presidents Richard Nixon, George H.W. Bush and Ronald Reagan photographed together in the Oval Office in 1991. (Cropped from a White House photo that also included Presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter.) 
Strangely, in such cases, it is not only the party that benefited which refuses to accept the evidence of wrongdoing, but the losing party and the establishment news media as well. Protecting the perceived integrity of the U.S. democratic process is paramount. Americans must continue to believe in the integrity of the system even when that integrity has been violated. 
The harsh truth is that pursuit of power often trumps the principle of an informed electorate choosing the nation’s leaders, but that truth simply cannot be recognized. 
Of course, historically, American democracy was far from perfect, excluding millions of people, including African-American slaves and women. The compromises needed to enact the Constitution in 1787 also led to distasteful distortions, such as counting slaves as three-fifths of a person for the purpose of representation (although obviously slaves couldn’t vote). 
That unsavory deal enabled Thomas Jefferson to defeat John Adams in the pivotal national election of 1800. In effect, the votes of Southern slave owners like Jefferson counted substantially more than the votes of Northern non-slave owners. 
Even after the Civil War when the Constitution was amended to give black men voting rights, the reality for black voting, especially in the South, was quite different from the new constitutional mandate. Whites in former Confederate states concocted subterfuges to keep blacks away from the polls to ensure continued white supremacy for almost a century. 
Women did not gain suffrage until 1920 with the passage of another constitutional amendment, and it took federal legislation in 1965 to clear away legal obstacles that Southern states had created to deny the franchise to blacks. 
Indeed, the alleged voter fraud in Election 1960, concentrated largely in Texas, a former Confederate state and home to John Kennedy’s vice presidential running mate, Lyndon Johnson, could be viewed as an outgrowth of the South’s heritage of rigging elections in favor of Democrats, the post-Civil War party of white Southerners. 
However, by pushing through civil rights for blacks in the 1960s, Kennedy and Johnson earned the enmity of many white Southerners who switched their allegiance to the Republican Party via Richard Nixon’s Southern strategy of coded racial messaging. Nixon also harbored resentments over what he viewed as his unjust defeat in the election of 1960. 
Nixon’s ‘Treason’ 
So, by 1968, the Democrats’ once solid South was splintering, but Nixon, who was again the Republican presidential nominee, didn’t want to leave his chances of winning what looked to be another close election to chance. Nixon feared that — with the Vietnam War raging and the Democratic Party deeply divided — President Johnson could give the Democratic nominee, Vice President Hubert Humphrey, a decisive boost by reaching a last-minute peace deal with North Vietnam. President Richard Nixon with his then-National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger in 1972. 
The documentary and testimonial evidence is now clear that to avert a peace deal, Nixon’s campaign went behind Johnson’s back to persuade South Vietnamese President Nguyen van Thieu to torpedo Johnson’s Paris peace talks by refusing to attend. Nixon’s emissaries assured Thieu that a President Nixon would continue the war and guarantee a better outcome for South Vietnam. 
Though Johnson had strong evidence of what he privately called Nixon’s “treason” — from FBI wiretaps in the days before the 1968 election — he and his top advisers chose to stay silent. In a Nov. 4, 1968 conference call , Secretary of State Dean Rusk, National Security Advisor Walt Rostow and Defense Secretary Clark Clifford – three pillars of the Establishment – expressed that consensus, with Clifford explaining the thinking: 
“Some elements of the story are so shocking in their nature that I’m wondering whether it would be good for the country to disclose the story and then possibly have a certain individual [Nixon] elected,” Clifford said. “It could cast his whole administration under such doubt that I think it would be inimical to our country’s interests.” 
Clifford’s words expressed the recurring thinking whenever evidence emerged casting the integrity of America’s electoral system in doubt, especially at the presidential level. The American people were not to know what kind of dirty deeds could affect that process. 
To this day, the major U.S. news media will not directly address the issue of Nixon’s treachery in 1968, despite the wealth of evidence proving this historical reality now available from declassified records at the Johnson presidential library in Austin, Texas. In a puckish recognition of this ignored history, the library’s archivists call the file on Nixon’s sabotage of the Vietnam peace talks their “X-file.” [For details, see Consortiumnews.com’s “ LBJ’s ‘X-File’ on Nixon’s ‘Treason. ’”] 
The evidence also strongly suggests that Nixon’s paranoia about a missing White House file detailing his “treason” – top secret documents that Johnson had entrusted to Rostow at the end of LBJ’s presidency – led to Nixon’s creation of the “plumbers,” a team of burglars whose first assignment was to locate those purloined papers. The existence of the “plumbers” became public in June 1972 when they were caught breaking into the Democratic National Committee’s headquarters at the Watergate in Washington. National Security Adviser Walt Rostow shows President Lyndon Johnson a model of a battle near Khe Sanh in Vietnam. (U.S. Archive Photo) 
Although the Watergate scandal remains the archetypal case of election-year dirty tricks, the major U.S. news media never acknowledge the link between Watergate and Nixon’s far more egregious dirty trick four years earlier, sinking Johnson’s Vietnam peace talks while 500,000 American soldiers were in the war zone. In part because of Nixon’s sabotage — and his promise to Thieu of a more favorable outcome — the war continued for four more bloody years before being settled along the lines that were available to Johnson in 1968. [See Consortiumnews.com’s “ The Heinous Crime Behind Watergate .”] 
In effect, Watergate gets walled off as some anomaly that is explained by Nixon’s strange personality. However, even though Nixon resigned in disgrace in 1974, he and his National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger, who also had a hand in the Paris peace talk caper, reappear as secondary players in the next well-documented case of obstructing a sitting president’s foreign policy to get an edge in the 1980 campaign. 
Reagan’s ‘October Surprise’ Caper 
In that case, President Jimmy Carter was seeking reelection and trying to negotiate release of 52 American hostages then held in revolutionary Iran. Ronald Reagan’s campaign feared that Carter might pull off an “October Surprise” by bringing home the hostages just before the election. So, this historical mystery has been: Did Reagan’s team take action to block Carter’s October Surprise? President Ronald Reagan, delivering his Inaugural Address on Jan. 20, 1981, as the 52 U.S. hostages in Iran are simultaneously released. 
The testimonial and documentary evidence that Reagan’s team did engage in a secret operation to prevent Carter’s October Surprise is now almost as overwhelming as the proof of the 1968 affair regarding Nixon’s Paris peace talk maneuver. 
That evidence indicates that Reagan’s campaign director William Casey organized a clandestine effort to prevent the hostages’ release before Election Day, after apparently consulting with Nixon and Kissinger and aided by former CIA Director George H.W. Bush, who was Reagan’s vice presidential running mate. 
By early November 1980, the public’s obsession with Iran’s humiliation of the United States and Carter’s inability to free the hostages helped turn a narrow race into a Reagan landslide. When the hostages were finally let go immediately after Reagan’s inauguration on Jan. 20, 1981, his supporters cited the timing to claim that the Iranians had finally relented out of fear of Reagan. 
Bolstered by his image as a tough guy, Reagan enacted much of his right-wing agenda, including passing massive tax cuts benefiting the wealthy, weakening unions and creating the circumstances for the rapid erosion of the Great American Middle Class. 
Behind the scenes, the Reagan administration signed off on secret arms shipments to Iran, mostly through Israel, what a variety of witnesses described as the payoff for Iran’s cooperation in getting Reagan elected and then giving him the extra benefit of timing the hostage release to immediately follow his inauguration. Then-Vice President George H.W. Bush with CIA Director William Casey at the White House on Feb. 11, 1981. (Photo credit: Reagan Library) 
In summer 1981, when Assistant Secretary of State for the Middle East Nicholas Veliotes learned about the arms shipments to Iran, he checked on their origins and said, later in a PBS interview: 
“It was clear to me after my conversations with people on high that indeed we had agreed that the Israelis could transship to Iran some American-origin military equipment. … [This operation] seems to have started in earnest in the period probably prior to the election of 1980, as the Israelis had identified who would become the new players in the national security area in the Reagan administration. And I understand some contacts were made at that time.” 
Those early covert arms shipments to Iran evolved into a later secret set of arms deals that surfaced in fall 1986 as the Iran-Contra Affair, with some of the profits getting recycled back to Reagan’s beloved Nicaraguan Contra rebels fighting to overthrow Nicaragua’s leftist government. 
While many facts of the Iran-Contra scandal were revealed by congressional and special-prosecutor investigations in the late 1980s and early 1990s, the origins of the Reagan-Iran relationship was always kept hazy. The Republicans were determined to stop any revelations about the 1980 contacts, but the Democrats were almost as reluctant to go there. 
A half-hearted congressional inquiry was launched in 1991 and depended heavily on then-President George H.W. Bush to collect the evidence and arrange interviews for the investigation. In other words, Bush, who was then seeking reelection and who was a chief suspect in the secret dealings with Iran, was entrusted with proving his own guilt. 
Tired of the Story 
By the early 1990s, the mainstream U.S. news media was also tired of the complex Iran-Contra scandal and wanted to move on. As a correspondent at Newsweek, I had battled senior editors over their disinterest in getting to the bottom of the scandal before I left the magazine in 1990. I then received an assignment from PBS Frontline to look into the 1980 “October Surprise” question, which led to a documentary on the subject in April 1991. PBS Frontline’s: The Election Held Hostage, co-written by Robert Parry and Robert Ross. 
However, by fall 1991, just as Congress was agreeing to open an investigation, my ex-bosses at Newsweek, along with The New Republic, then an elite neoconservative publication interested in protecting Israel’s exposure on those early arms deals, went on the attack. They published matching cover stories deeming the 1980 “October Surprise” case a hoax, but their articles were both based on a misreading of documents recording Casey’s attendance at a conference in London in July 1980, which he seemed to have used as a cover for a side trip to Madrid to meet with senior Iranians regarding the hostages. 
Although the bogus Newsweek/New Republic “London alibi” would eventually be debunked, it created a hostile climate for the investigation. With Bush angrily denying everything and the congressional Republicans determined to protect the President’s flanks, the Democrats mostly just went through the motions of an investigation. 
Meanwhile, Bush’s State Department and White House counsel’s office saw their jobs as discrediting the investigation, deep-sixing incriminating documents, and helping a key witness dodge a congressional subpoena. 
Years later, I discovered a document at the Bush presidential library in College Station, Texas, confirming that Casey had taken a mysterious trip to Madrid in 1980. The U.S. Embassy’s confirmation of Casey’s trip was passed along by State Department legal adviser Edwin D. Williamson to Associate White House Counsel Chester Paul Beach Jr. in early November 1991, just as the congressional inquiry was taking shape. 
Williamson said that among the State Department “material potentially relevant to the October Surprise allegations [was] a cable from the Madrid embassy indicating that Bill Casey was in town, for purposes unknown,” Beach noted in a “ memorandum for record ” dated Nov. 4, 1991. 
Two days later, on Nov. 6, Beach’s boss, White House counsel C. Boyden Gray, convened an inter-agency strategy session and explained the need to contain the congressional investigation into the October Surprise case. The explicit goal was to ensure the scandal would not hurt President Bush’s reelection hopes in 1992. C. Boyden Gray, White House counsel under President George H.W. Bush. 
At the meeting, Gray laid out how to thwart the October Surprise inquiry, which was seen as a dangerous expansion of the Iran-Contra investigation. The prospect that the two sets of allegations would merge into a single narrative represented a grave threat to George H.W. Bush’s reelection campaign. As assistant White House counsel Ronald vonLembke, put it , the White House goal in 1991 was to “kill/spike this story.” 
Gray explained the stakes at the White House strategy session. “Whatever form they ultimately take, the House and Senate ‘October Surprise’ investigations, like Iran-Contra, will involve interagency concerns and be of special interest to the President ,” Gray declared, according to minutes . [Emphasis in original.] 
Among “touchstones” cited by Gray were “No Surprises to the White House, and Maintain Ability to Respond to Leaks in Real Time. This is Partisan.” White House “talking points” on the October Surprise investigation urged restricting the inquiry to 1979-80 and imposing strict time limits for issuing any findings. 
Timid Democrats 
But Bush’s White House really had little to fear because whatever evidence that the congressional investigation received – and a great deal arrived in December 1992 and January 1993 – there was no stomach for actually proving that the 1980 Reagan campaign had conspired with Iranian radicals to extend the captivity of 52 Americans in order to ensure Reagan’s election victory. Former Rep. Lee Hamilton, D-Indiana. 
That would have undermined the faith of the American people in their democratic process – and that, as Clark Clifford said in the 1968 context, would not be “good for the country.” 
In 2014 when I sent a copy of Beach’s memo regarding Casey’s trip to Madrid to former Rep. Lee Hamilton, D-Indiana, who had chaired the October Surprise inquiry in 1991-93, he told me that it had shaken his confidence in the task force’s dismissive conclusions about the October Surprise issue. 
“The [Bush-41] White House did not notify us that he [Casey] did make the trip” to Madrid, Hamilton told me. “Should they have passed that on to us? They should have because they knew we were interested in that.” 
Asked if knowledge that Casey had traveled to Madrid might have changed the task force’s dismissive October Surprise conclusion, Hamilton said yes, because the question of the Madrid trip was key to the task force’s investigation. 
“If the White House knew that Casey was there, they certainly should have shared it with us,” Hamilton said, adding that “you have to rely on people” in authority to comply with information requests. But that trust was at the heart of the inquiry’s failure. With the money and power of the American presidency at stake, the idea that George H.W. Bush and his team would help an investigation that might implicate him in an act close to treason was naïve in the extreme. 
Arguably, Hamilton’s timid investigation was worse than no investigation at all because it gave Bush’s team the opportunity to search out incriminating documents and make them disappear. Then, Hamilton’s investigative conclusion reinforced the “group think” dismissing this serious manipulation of democracy as a “conspiracy theory” when it was anything but. In the years since, Hamilton hasn’t done anything to change the public impression that the Reagan campaign was innocent. 
Still, among the few people who have followed this case, the October Surprise cover-up would slowly crumble with admissions by officials involved in the investigation that its exculpatory conclusions were rushed , that crucial evidence had been hidden or ignored , and that some alibis for key Republicans didn’t make any sense . 
But the dismissive “group think” remains undisturbed as far as the major U.S. media and mainstream historians are concerned. [For details, see Robert Parry’s America’s Stolen Narrative or Trick or Treason: The 1980 October Surprise Mystery or Consortiumnews.com’s “ Second Thoughts on October Surprise. ”] 
Past as Prologue 
Lee Hamilton’s decision to “clear” Reagan and Bush of the 1980 October Surprise suspicions in 1992 was not simply a case of miswriting history. The findings had clear implications for the future as well, since the public impression about George H.W. Bush’s rectitude was an important factor in the support given to his oldest son, George W. Bush, in 2000. President George W. Bush is introduced by his brother Florida Gov. Jeb Bush before delivering remarks at Sun City Center, Florida, on May 9, 2006. (White House photo by Eric Draper) 
Indeed, if the full truth had been told about the father’s role in the October Surprise and Iran-Contra cases, it’s hard to imagine that his son would have received the Republican nomination, let alone made a serious run for the White House. And, if that history were known, there might have been a stronger determination on the part of Democrats to resist another Bush “stolen election” in 2000. 
Regarding Election 2000, the evidence is now clear that Vice President Al Gore not only won the national popular vote but received more votes that were legal under Florida law than did George W. Bush. But Bush relied first on the help of officials working for his brother, Gov. Jeb Bush, and then on five Republican justices on the U.S. Supreme Court to thwart a full recount and to award him Florida’s electoral votes and thus the presidency. 
The reality of Gore’s rightful victory should have finally become clear in November 2001 when a group of news organizations finished their own examination of Florida’s disputed ballots and released their tabulations showing that Gore would have won if all ballots considered legal under Florida law were counted. 
However, between the disputed election and the release of those numbers, the 9/11 attacks had occurred, so The New York Times, The Washington Post, CNN and other leading outlets did not want the American people to know that the wrong person was in the White House. Surely, telling the American people that fact amid the 9/11 crisis would not be “good for the country.” 
So, senior editors at all the top new organizations decided to mislead the public by framing their stories in a deceptive way to obscure the most newsworthy discovery – that the so-called “over-votes” in which voters both checked and wrote in their choices’ names broke heavily for Gore and would have put him over the top regardless of which kinds of chads were considered for the “under-votes” that hadn’t registered on antiquated voting machines. “Over-votes” would be counted under Florida law which bases its standards on “clear intent of the voter.” 
However, instead of leading with Gore’s rightful victory, the news organizations concocted hypotheticals around partial recounts that still would have given Florida narrowly to Bush. They either left out or buried the obvious lede that a historic injustice had occurred. Former Vice President Al Gore. (Photo credit: algore.com) 
On Nov. 12, 2001, the day that the news organizations ran those stories, I examined the actual data and quickly detected the evidence of Gore’s victory. In a story that day, I suggested that senior news executives were exercising a misguided sense of patriotism. They had hid the reality for “the good of the country,” much as Johnson’s team had done in 1968 regarding Nixon’s sabotage of the Paris peace talks and Hamilton’s inquiry had done regarding the 1980 “October Surprise” case. 
Within a couple of hours of my posting the article at Consortiumnews.com, I received an irate phone call from The New York Times media writer Felicity Barringer, who accused me of impugning the journalistic integrity of then-Times executive editor Howell Raines. I got the impression that Barringer had been on the look-out for some deviant story that didn’t accept the Bush-won conventional wisdom. 
However, this violation of objective and professional journalism – bending the slant of a story to achieve a preferred outcome rather than simply giving the readers the most interesting angle – was not simply about some historical event that had occurred a year earlier. It was about the future. 
By misleading Americans into thinking that Bush was the rightful winner of Election 2000 – even if the media’s motivation was to maintain national unity following the 9/11 attacks – the major news outlets gave Bush greater latitude to respond to the crisis, including the diversionary invasion of Iraq under false pretenses. The Bush-won headlines of November 2001 also enhanced the chances of his reelection in 2004. [For the details of how a full Florida recount would have given Gore the White House, see Consortiumnews.com’s “ Gore’s Victory ,” “ So Bush Did Steal the White House ,” and “ Bush v. Gore’s Dark American Decade. ”] 
A Phalanx of Misguided Consensus 
Looking back on these examples of candidates manipulating democracy, there appears to be one common element: after the “stolen” elections, the media and political establishments quickly line up, shoulder to shoulder, to assure the American people that nothing improper has happened. Graceful “losers” are patted on the back for not complaining that the voters’ will had been ignored or twisted. U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. 
Al Gore is praised for graciously accepting the extraordinary ruling by Republican partisans on the Supreme Court, who stopped the counting of ballots in Florida on the grounds, as Justice Antonin Scalia said, that a count that showed Gore winning (when the Court’s majority was already planning to award the White House to Bush) would undermine Bush’s “legitimacy.” 
Similarly, Rep. Hamilton is regarded as a modern “wise man,” in part, because he conducted investigations that never pushed very hard for the truth but rather reached conclusions that were acceptable to the powers-that-be, that didn’t ruffle too many feathers. 
But the cumulative effect of all these half-truths, cover-ups and lies – uttered for “the good of the country” – is to corrode the faith of many well-informed Americans about the legitimacy of the entire process. It is the classic parable of the boy who cried wolf too many times, or in this case, assured the townspeople that there never was a wolf and that they should ignore the fact that the livestock had mysteriously disappeared leaving behind only a trail of blood into the forest. 
So, when Donald Trump shows up in 2016 insisting that the electoral system is rigged against him, many Americans choose to believe his demagogy. But Trump isn’t pressing for the full truth about the elections of 1968 or 1980 or 2000. He actually praises Republicans implicated in those cases and vows to appoint Supreme Court justices in the mold of the late Antonin Scalia. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. 
Trump’s complaints about “rigged” elections are more in line with the white Southerners during Jim Crow, suggesting that black and brown people are cheating at the polls and need to have white poll monitors to make sure they don’t succeed at “stealing” the election from white people. 
There is a racist undertone to Trump’s version of a “rigged” democracy but he is not entirely wrong about the flaws in the process. He’s just not honest about what those flaws are. 
The hard truth is that the U.S. political process is not democracy’s “gold standard”; it is and has been a severely flawed system that is not made better by a failure to honestly address the unpleasant realities and to impose accountability on politicians who cheat the voters.",0
20078,Astronomers Think They Have Just Discovered Messages Sent from Aliens,"
By Jake Anderson
Anomalous signals from deep space often evoke a quick pulse of gossip and speculation about aliens that dies off soon thereafter, when scientists are able to explain it. Usually, the explanation involves a natural cosmic process — an asteroid, space detritus, or frequencies from an exploded star.
Sometimes, however, the signals are too mysterious to explain. There’s a reason why you may have seen a sustained social media buzz regarding aliens this past week. A few days ago, two scientists from Laval University in Quebec released a paper arguing they may have just received our first communication from extraterrestrials.
First, a bit of context. This has been an exciting decade for those of us who stargaze in awe, wondering how many sentient beings live in this incomprehensibly enormous universe of ours. First, the search for exoplanets accelerated dramatically, aided by the Kepler telescope, which has identified over 1,000 planets outside of our solar system.
While scientists have long known that our Milky Way galaxy alone probably contains several hundred billion planets , the ability to study them had eluded us until fairly recently (this ability will be exponentially augmented when the James Webb telescope allows us to analyze exoplanets’ atmospheres and search for traces of industrial gasses). Additionally, the discovery of Earth-like exoplanets — some of which are conceivably close enough to visit in a few decades — has tantalizing ramifications for our near future human race.
Earlier this year, scientists announced the incredible observation of a series of inexplicable brightness frequencies from the star KIC 8462852, which led many to speculate the signals could have been originating from a Dyson sphere , a theoretical megastructure by which an advanced alien race (a Kardschez type 2 civilization ) could harness the power of its sun. The newest discovery from this star has made it even more unlikely that the signals are from natural causes.
The newest strange signals hail from a gaggle of some 234 stars identified by the Sloan Digital Sky Survey, which analyzed the spectra of 2.5 million stars. E.F. Borra and E. Trottier, the two astronomers who discovered the anomalies, discussed them in their paper , which was originally titled “Signals probably from Extraterrestrial Intelligence.”
“We find that the detected signals have exactly the shape of an [extraterrestrial intelligence] signal predicted in the previous publication and are therefore in agreement with this hypothesis,” they wrote.
“The fact that they are only found in a very small fraction of stars within a narrow spectral range centered near the spectral type of the sun is also in agreement with the ETI hypothesis.” 
Of course, it is far from certain that these are actual alien messages. In an interview with none other than Snopes.com , Borra claimed he never actually used the word ‘probably’ and that further confirmation was needed.
The director of the SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) Institute , Andrew Siemion, issued an admonishing response:
“You can’t make such definitive statements about detections unless you’ve exhausted every possible means of follow-up.” 
So why is everyone so excited? The discovery appears to match a prediction Borra made in 2012 when he claimed aliens could very well use intermittent bursts of laser as a means of communication.
For his part, Siemion plans to use his Breakthrough Listen Initiative to more closely assess several stars from the 234 sample. Meanwhile, Borra andTrottier, Borra’s graduate student, will continue observing the mysterious signals.
It’s an exciting decade for space research. With plans for a mission to Mars in the hopper, as well as an exploratory probe that will be sent to the moon Europa, we may be witnessing the rebirth of the Space Race. What better incentive could there be to venture further into space than the call of an alien species?
Let’s hope that by the time we meet them, our own species will have transcended its addiction to war and unsustainable resource allocation. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Anti-Media of theantimedia.org . 
The “Anti” in our name does not mean we are against the media, we are simply against the current mainstream paradigm. The current media, influenced by the industrial complex, is a top-down authoritarian system of distribution—the opposite of what Anti-Media aims to be. At Anti-Media, we want to offer a new paradigm—a bottom-up approach for real and diverse reporting. We seek to establish a space where the people are the journalists and a venue where independent journalism moves forward on a larger and more truthful scale. ",0
20079,Mitch McConnell Sees ‘High Level of Satisfaction’ With Trump Administration - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Although there is plenty of anxiety in Washington about the shaky early performance of the Trump administration, don’t count Senator Mitch McConnell among the hand wringers. Mr. McConnell, a Kentucky Republican and the majority leader, says he and his Senate Republican colleagues are quite satisfied with the Trump team so far. In fact, he said, they are reassured by signs that President Trump is going to hew to a conservative agenda after early fears that the president  —   a relatively unknown quantity to most elected Republicans  —   might not really be one of them. “The country doesn’t need saving,” Mr. McConnell said when asked during an interview in his Capitol office if there was any cause for a   congressional intervention given early chaos in the evolving West Wing. “I think there is a high level of satisfaction with the new administration,” he said, dismissing concerns about dissonant eruptions from the new president and some of his top staff members. “Our members are not obsessed with the daily tweets, but are looking at the results. ” He added: “No matter what sort of theatrics that go on around the administration, if you look at the decisions that are being made, they are solid  —   from our perspective  —      things that we would have hoped a new Republican president would have done. ” Mr. McConnell has broken with the president on a few subjects, taking a much harder line against President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia than Mr. Trump has and objecting to some of the president’s “drain the swamp” initiatives, including a proposal for congressional term limits. Other members of the Republican establishment  —   inside and outside Congress  —   have expressed growing alarm about the conduct and competence of the White House. But Mr. McConnell, whose wife, Elaine Chao, was named by Mr. Trump as secretary of transportation, said things might even be turning out better than anticipated. “Back during the campaign, there were a lot of questions: Is Trump really a conservative? A lot of questions about it,” Mr. McConnell recalled. “But if you look at the steps that have been taken so far, looks good to me. “It is the kind of thing we would have expected of one of the others, had they been nominated and elected,” Mr. McConnell said, referring to Republican presidential candidates defeated by Mr. Trump who had more conventional political and government backgrounds. Mr. McConnell’s view clashes violently with that of Senate Democrats and their allies around the country. They have viewed the beginning of the Trump era as a disaster best exemplified by an immigration executive order they decry as unconstitutional and   as well as a selection of cabinet choices they rate as unqualified and carrying the very same baggage that has prevented others from being confirmed in the past. Even some Republicans have criticized as inept and amateurish the rollout of the immigration order, which is now at the center of a federal court fight. Others have expressed trepidation at the prospect of being hammered in a Trump tweet if they run afoul of the new president. Mr. McConnell, who is known for being able to take the temperature of his colleagues and to act accordingly, said he sensed no real unease about Mr. Trump on the Republican side of the aisle. “We have had very good unity on our side,” Mr. McConnell said. “People are genuinely excited about taking the country in another direction. I don’t find any decision that he has made surprising. ” He said Senate Republicans had been enthusiastic about Mr. Trump’s cabinet nominees, dazzled by his Supreme Court pick and elated at the chance to roll back what he called the regulatory rampage of the Obama administration. “A lot of us were wondering, what is Trump really going to be like?” Mr. McConnell said. “He used to support Democrats and have various views earlier in his life about politics. But when he got to the point of actually having the office and making the decisions, I think the decisions have been very comforting to my members, most of whom are a little bit right of center and further right of center. ” It goes without saying that having Mr. Trump in the White House gives House and Senate Republicans the opportunity to pursue an aggressive legislative agenda if they can find common ground. That prospect should be heightened by installing colleagues like Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama and two fellow Republicans, Representatives Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina and Tom Price of Georgia, at the highest levels of the administration. Mr. Sessions is Mr. Trump’s nominee for attorney general while Mr. Mulvaney has been tapped to run the White House Office of Management and Budget and Mr. Price to head the Department of Health and Human Services. Mr. McConnell looms as potentially the president’s most important ally in Congress because success in the Senate is central to any legislative victory. But Republicans have not even started on the legislative end of the new Congress. Now their job is going to be made more difficult by the increasingly hard line that Democrats are taking against Mr. Trump by opposing his cabinet nominees en masse. Mr. McConnell’s frustration at Democratic tactics boiled over Tuesday evening when he invoked a rarely used Senate rule to force Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, to end a speech on the grounds she was impugning the integrity of Mr. Sessions, a fellow senator, by criticizing his record on civil rights. “It is a superficially poisonous atmosphere, not a fundamentally poisonous atmosphere,” Mr. McConnell said. Still, he noted that Republicans could do much of their preliminary work in the Senate just by relying on their party’s 51 votes there as they take up health care, tax changes and nominations, and could try to work out the differences with Democrats later. “Sooner or later we will get around to things that will require some level of cooperation,” Mr. McConnell said. “Hopefully there will be a kind of dysfunction fatigue. I think it will set in way before then. ” His point raises a question: Will that same passage of time produce a kind of Trump fatigue among the   congressional Republicans?",0
20080,"Amid Opioid Overdoses, Ohio Coroner’s Office Runs Out of Room for Bodies - The New York Times","The bodies just keep arriving. On Thursday, only two days into February, the coroner’s office in Dayton, Ohio, had already handled 25 deaths  —   18 caused by drug overdoses. In January, the office processed 145 cases in which the victims’ bodies had been destroyed by opioids. Now, the Montgomery County Coroner’s Office is so crammed with corpses that it has asked a local funeral parlor to take in four bodies for “temporary storage,” the first time it has had to make such a request, Kenneth M. Betz, director of the coroner’s office, said on Thursday. “We’re running at full capacity,” he said in a phone interview. “We’ve never experienced this volume of accidental drug overdoses in our history. We now call funeral homes immediately” to ask if there is space available, he added. Widespread abuse of powerful opioid pain relievers in the United States  —   including oxycodone, hydrocodone, hydromorphone and fentanyl, heroin’s cheaper but deadlier cousin  —   has driven overdose death rates to historic highs, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The C. D. C. ’s numbers show that 91 people in the United States die every day from opioid overdose. The number of bodies from accidental overdoses that have come to the Montgomery County Coroner’s Office in the first 33 days of the year  —   163  —   is already more than half the yearly totals for the past two years. In 2015, the total was 259 last year, the number of deaths from January to September was 253,  figures from the office show. In Ohio, fatal overdoses more than quadrupled in the past decade and by 2007 had surpassed car accidents as the leading cause of accidental death, according to the Department of Health. In 2015, 3, 310 deaths were recorded in the state from unintentional drug overdoses, a 21. 5 percent increase from the previous year, according to the C. D. C. Addiction is so entrenched and widespread that police officials say there are now third and fourth generations of prescription drug abusers. These days, hospitals in Cincinnati require drug testing of new mothers and infants because of a surge in newborns exposed to addictive drugs. The five states with the highest rates of death linked to drug overdose were West Virginia (41. 5 per 100, 000) New Hampshire (34. 3 per 100, 000) Kentucky (29. 9 per 100, 000) Ohio (29. 9 per 100, 000) and Rhode Island (28. 2 per 100, 000) according to the C. D. C. But significant increases were also seen in the Northeast and the South, the agency said, including Connecticut, Florida, Maryland, Massachusetts and Rhode Island. Last year, Mr. Betz said Montgomery County’s coroner’s office had to use refrigerated trucks to store bodies for a week. In his 40 years in forensics, Mr. Betz said, he has never seen such a steady increase in overdose deaths, and it has left him and his colleagues feeling overwhelmed. “Our staff is, quite frankly, tired,” he said. “The doctors are tired. The investigators are tired. We’ve never had volumes like this. ” “This increase from year to year  —   I’ve never seen anything like this,” he said. “The drug problem we have is absolutely phenomenal. ”",0
20081,Front-Page Editorials Aim to Soothe the Grief-Stricken - The New York Times,"Last month, on the day after a gunman killed 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Fla. The Orlando Sentinel ran a   editorial with the headline, “Our Community Will Heal. ” And on Sunday, three days after a sniper killed five police officers during a protest in downtown Dallas, The Dallas Morning News responded with its own   editorial, featuring an image of an eye shedding a tear. “This city, our city, has been tested before,” the editorial said. “Now we face a new test. ” As spasms of violence continue to tear apart cities across the country, newspapers have been using   editorials as a salve for healing   communities. But more than that, the front page has come to reflect the rising frustration of a fractured country reeling from bloodshed. “There’s no doubt that   editorials have come more into some prominence in the last year or so,” said Al Tompkins, a senior faculty member at the Poynter Institute. “I think it’s a way of trying to tap into the public consciousness. ” In the last several months, The Boston Globe and The New York Times have both printed   editorials calling for stricter regulation of guns in the aftermath of mass shootings. It was the first time since 1920 that The Times had run an editorial on Page 1. The   which had its own mass shooting to cover when a student at Virginia Tech shot and killed 32 people and wounded 17 others on campus in 2007, ran a   editorial on Saturday that pleaded for a détente of sorts. “Let’s just stop and mourn and wonder how in the world America became this unspeakably, relentlessly terrorized place,” it said. The Daily News of New York has used its front page in recent months as an editorial vehicle to inveigh against violence and congressional inaction in the face of it, including one last month with the image of the dome of the Capitol soaked in blood. While many   editorials are intended to soothe and promote resolve, other bold decisions by news organizations have been criticized as sowing divisiveness. The New York Post, for instance, was excoriated on Friday for deciding to use the headline “Civil War” on its front page on the Dallas shooting. A headline on the conservative Drudge Report, “Black Lives Kill,” also drew harsh rebukes. Like other editorials, the one in The Dallas Morning News addressed the violence gripping the country. “We are surely not alone in asking, as our hearts break, what kind of country are we creating where such violence has become so frequent?” the editorial said. But it also acknowledged the city’s deep divisions and urged more compassion. “We live together, but we do not often understand one another. This is because of class, sometimes geography and often race,” it said. “There will be time later for anger and for justice  —   anger whose purpose is served in justice,” the editorial added. “But for now we need to learn to understand each other, to really hear one another, to learn from each other. ” Mike Wilson, the newspaper’s editor, said in a statement that the editorial was intended to provide a “quiet place” for reflection. “After two days of covering violence and heartbreak, we felt the need to pause for a moment and speak directly to the community,” he said. “We had two simple questions: What kind of city are we? What kind of city do we want to be? “In the midst of so much noise and pain, we needed a quiet place for that conversation,” he added. “Sunday’s front page is that quiet place. ”",0
20082,Juror explanation for Ammon Bundy verdict,"Juror explanation for Ammon Bundy verdict 11/03/2016 
OREGONLIVE 
Juror 4 has so far provided the only public explanation of the behind-the-scenes discussions that led to the acquittal of Ammon Bundy, his brother and five others on federal conspiracy charges stemming from the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge occupation. 
Readers have asked to hear more from him about the jury’s reasoning in reaching the surprising decision. 
Juror 4 – a 44-year-old business administration student at Marylhurst University who served in the Navy during the Iraq War – went into detail in a series of email exchanges with The Oregonian/OregonLive that were used in news stories. 
Here’s a transcript of the emails, with some minor editing for brevity or clarity. He’s asked not to be identified for fear of retribution. The judge sealed the names of all nine women and three men on the jury, citing public safety. 
Juror 4 makes references to U.S. District Judge Anna J. Brown; prosecutor Ethan Knight; Juror 11 who the judge removed from the jury after Juror 4 questioned his objectivity; Juror 18, who replaced Juror 11; and Ryan Payne, one of the leaders of the occupation with Ammon Bundy. 
He also references a Jan. 2 rally for Harney County ranchers and then the takeover of the refuge later that day. 
All seven defendants faced a charge of conspiring to impede employees of the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service or U.S. Bureau of Land Management from doing their work through intimidation, threat or force during the 41-day occupation. 
His initial email: 
It should be known that all 12 jurors felt that this verdict was a statement regarding the various failures of the prosecution to prove “conspiracy” in the count itself – and not any form of affirmation of the defense’s various beliefs, actions, or aspirations. Proving the elements of conspiracy, especially given the body of evidence we were forced to restrict ourselves to consider when judging, was far too great a standard to meet (without using our imaginations, prejudices, etc.). 
The judge floored us when she said that there was no statute against impeding federal officers (by force, threat, or intimidation), nor was there a significant penalty applied to criminal trespass. We all queried about alternative charges that could stick and were amazed that this ‘conspiracy’ charge seemed the best possible option. It was not lost on us that our verdict(s) might inspire future actions that are regrettable, but that sort of thinking was not permitted when considering the charges before us. 
The prosecution asked us to neglect Judge Brown’s final (binding) instructions when they asserted in closing that adverse possession = conspiracy to impede (as per Mr. Knight’s closing argument), as if defining actions was all that was needed to convict. All 12 agreed that impeding existed, even if as an effect of the occupation, and that something was very wrong. But we were not asked to judge on bullets and hurt feelings, rather to decide if an agreement was made with an illegal object in mind. It seemed this basic, high standard of proof was lost upon the prosecution throughout. Inference, while possibly compelling, proved to be insulting or inadequate to 12 diversely situated people as a means to convict. The air of triumphalism that the prosecution brought was not lost on any of us, nor was it warranted given their burden of proof. 
Regarding my role in crafting the letter that led to the dismissal of juror 11, I can say that it was not only necessary but also borne out of much patience in dealing with a fellow who had zero business being on this jury in the first place. He effectively wasted a great deal of our time as he (irrationally) promoted his theory of conspiracy despite the absence of evidence. Also, he violated Judge Brown’s explicit orders by hearkening to ‘evidence’ that was never admitted in this case, refused to consider the defendant’s state of mind, and used imaginative theories to explain key actions. How this juror slipped through the cracks is mind boggling and very disconcerting. 
You should know that the sentiments expressed in that letter were the exact thoughts I had when juror 11 first made his opening remarks on day one of deliberations, but I resisted the impulse to send the question at that time and give this fellow the chance to convince/explain. It seemed wise to suspend my shock/disbelief in him until a thorough examination of his mindset was complete (and the other jurors could weigh in themselves on his various theories). The vast majority of time was spent trying to deal with his bizarre theories, compared against what was admitted and/or expected of us as standards of judgment. While I wish now that I had sent the letter on day one, since it would have alleviated much stress for all of us, I would wish to have the time/opportunity to expand or alter my perspective that we afforded him. 
As I peruse the responses of many interested parties in this case, many of which express ‘profound regret’ over the verdicts, I am baffled by the flippant sentiments that seem to dominate the landscape. Several questions immediately percolate in my mind: do these folks even know what it took to arrive at a verdict on any one of these counts? How could 12 diverse people find such agreement unless there was a colossal failure on the part of the prosecution? Don’t they know that ‘not guilty’ does not mean ‘innocent’? I have many such thoughts swirling around in my head that I’d like to vent, but I need to break it off for now. 
*** 

We asked a series of follow-up questions : How did the jury feel about starting all over again? Did other jurors know about your note regarding Juror 11 — and how did they react to it? How did the jury start anew? Why the substantially shorter time period for the final verdicts? 

Juror 4’s response: 
The feeling, at the time of the reset, was universal relief that we even had a chance to hear from a more objective juror. It was not a relief to think we could be there today (Friday ) or Monday, frankly, but all said they were more than willing to start over in order to erase the ill feelings created while deliberating with juror 11. We had no knowledge about juror 18’s leanings in any regard prior to her coming in (we maintained a strict standard to not discuss the case with each other before deliberating). 
Only juror #1 knew about my note (since he had to pass it on to the judge), or so I thought. Juror 11, when we later were arguing about his bias, said he knew what I must have been doing when I folded a note and quietly handed it to Juror 1. My note was a last resort, frankly, because I made the entire jury uneasy by directly challenging juror 11 (on Tuesday morning; more than 16 hours of deliberations had passed) about his stated bias. Many jurors were upset at my direct approach and seemingly personal challenge to him. What I had said to him was far more upsetting than the contents of my note, and so I don’t think the jurors should have been surprised. Of course, I didn’t openly state to the jury that I had an open question before the court until the next morning (Wednesday) when juror 11 played the victim. I again reiterated that this whole issue was of his own making, and although he calmly explained what his bias was or meant to him in this case, I was anxious to hear from the court. 
It is a fact that we were so exhausted by this time that we nearly submitted final ballots on Wednesday, with juror 11’s input (equaling a mistrial on most counts). It is also true that I told the jury that if I did not get an answer to my question from the court, I would be forced to take my grievance to the media immediately afterwards. We had no idea of what had transpired in court as a result of my question, but you begin to feel neglected after almost 24 hours of silence. 
All of the other 10 jurors were relieved that juror 11 was excused, and most of them personally thanked me for doing what I did (even though I upset them in the process). 
Starting anew was filled with trepidation by the remaining 11 jurors, because we didn’t want to allow any whiff of prior deliberations to influence our new juror. This was all about her, frankly. We let her purge her feelings, as we all had the opportunity to do, and we let her direct the review of evidence. To her credit, she was fairly focused on getting her thoughts communicated quickly and purposefully so that time was not lost. The rapidity of her pace caused us to caution her, slow her a bit, but she was very business-like. It was clear that by 11:00 a.m., our new juror had resolved any questions regarding counts 1 and 2. She was relieved, and perhaps a bit surprised, that there was unanimity on these points. 
While we had a robust process for counts 4 and 5, we had reached a point of impasse by 2:00. There were no throw away words expressed on this day. The extremes we felt pressed into really crystallized our purpose, even if we had to go through the essential elements again, and it made for a swift process. 
Before we sent our final word to the court, I asked our new juror if she could explain why this process was so fast, to which she replied confidently and affirmatively. She’s a sharp lady and can handle herself, I think. 

Q. Wondered if there were turning points or particular moments in the trial that stuck out for jurors in helping the jury reach the not guilty pleas. 
A. Turning points? Let me begin by speaking for myself before I attempt to recall those of others. I expected there to be a witness to the January 2nd meeting at Ye Olde Castle before the protest/rally that would confirm the prosecution’s assertion of intent to impede, and the absence of such evidence became a seed of doubt that grew. I expected that there must be proof of conspiracy between Ammon and Ryan Payne (most logical link, owing to their initial visit to the Hammond’s place in early November) but he wasn’t even called for either side, nor were there any phone calls, emails, etc. that would demonstrate agreement here. These two major holes in the evidence record proved to cause insurmountable doubt for me. 
Others said that, while the evidence record was not adequate, certain moments turned them. One said they did a full 180 degree turn when they realized there were six informants that went unnamed on the refuge during the occupation, and the choice of the prosecution to allow that much room for mysterious influence there (remember Fabio?) was decisive. One said that the doctrine of adverse possession seemed to govern every thought, word, and deed of the ‘leadership’ such that it could not be deemed intent to impede federal workers. Another said that the repeated objections to the reading of the constitution became a wedge issue for them. Those turning points are the most distinct ones I can remember, and so I’ll leave it there. 
Q. What about counts 4 and 5? What was the thinking with those? (Count 4 was a property theft charge against defendant Kennth Medenbach for driving a refuge truck to the Safeway in Burns and Count 5 was a property theft charge against Ryan Bundy for helping to remove FBI surveillance cameras from two utility poles near the refuge.) 

A. With count four, we were split for a good while and it didn’t look like we could agree. Because this law requires us to consider intent, one of the jurors pressed hard on the issue of what Medenbach was thinking (adverse possession: he believed it was no longer a refuge truck). The video/audio evidence of his arrest was instructive, confirming a mindset. Some jurors were impressed by the surprise Medenbach expressed to the state police officer when told that the rig was reported as stolen. Another said if he had been caught with it while not doing ‘resource center’ business, so to speak, then it would have demonstrated his intent was not consistent with the claim. Eventually, none of us could imagine he was not going to return the vehicle to the refuge. 
Count five plagued us most of the day. We had to table the discussion a couple times because the contentions over the wording of the law as it relates to ‘knowingly stole’ proved to be a major hang up for one juror. There were many different definitions of ‘stole’ at play in the minds of several jurors. In the morning, 11 out of 12 were prepared to vote guilty, but after simmering and revisiting the debate a few times, the number of votes for not guilty grew to three. A couple of jurors came to believe that having the media present, offering back the cameras to the F.B.I., and taking steps to safeguard them after removal was proof of something other than theft. The majority could not deny that the intent to deprive was clearly present in Ryan. Since we were moving the opposite way of consensus and three jurors were resolved to vote not guilty, we agreed to end deliberations. 
Q. What did you and others think of Ammon Bundy’s testimony? 
A. It was clear that there was no juror who received Ammon’s testimony as fully honest, and several who felt manipulated. Even those who felt he was sincere in his beliefs found examples of inconsistency in his testimony. 
The continual objections to Ammon’s answers (usually owing to his own misleading phrasing that was disallowed) became tedious to myself, especially since altering one word would make the answer acceptable (and often did). The emotional appeals riddled throughout, while understandable as a tactic, also became tiresome to me since our feelings as jurors are irrelevant after all. And I don’t think it was endearing to us jurors for him to characterize the entire federal court system, of which we were a key part of, as rigged against himself. 
A few outstanding things Ammon testified to stood out to me. There apparently were multiple attempts to meet personally with the F.B.I. by Ammon and yet no face-to-face meet up ever occurred, presumably because the bureau did not wish to have that sort of negotiation. And the lack of law enforcement/engagement throughout the occupation, coupled with the visits to the refuge by many politicians, caused me to see how occupiers could view their presence as something other than illegal. Also, after watching an edited version of KATU’s Steve Dunn interview with Ammon at the refuge (this was played for the jury by Ammon Bundy’s lawyer ), there seemed to be consistency of message/belief that I did not expect — especially if you have 9 months to ponder your defense, even I might alter my emphasis or eliminate something unfavorable. Because of the law’s wording, Ammon’s state of mind weighed heavily. 

Q. Why do you wish to remain anonymous? 
A: Because I’d rather not encounter any of the angry commenters on your articles, I prefer to remain simply as Juror 4. I read on twitter that Matt Schindler (one of the defense attorneys) is receiving threats, which is very troubling to me. 
— Maxine Bernstein",0
20084,"NBC Local News Accidentally Posts US Election Results a Week Early, Shows a Clinton “Win”","A NBC affiliate in Chattanooga, Tennessee inadvertently published what appear to be election night results. The results are published in the typical format used by mainstream news networks and... ",0
20085,Tesla Has Something Hotter Than Cars to Sell: Its Story - The New York Times,"As Tesla shares surged past $300 this week and the company’s market value surpassed Ford’s, even its founder, Elon Musk, acknowledged on Twitter that the company was “absurdly overvalued if based on the past. ” By “the past,” he presumably means   valuation measures like    or    ratios, the traditional benchmarks for evaluating stock prices. By those measures, Tesla  —   a company that lost $773 million last year  —   is indeed off the charts. Tesla’s market value of nearly $49 billion is not only higher than that of Ford, which earned nearly $11 billion in profit last year, but is within easy striking distance of General Motors, which earned $9. 4 billion. In contrast to Tesla, Ford and G. M. shares have dropped recently on fears that auto sales have hit a cyclical peak. Ford and G. M. executives wouldn’t comment on Tesla’s stock surge, but it’s easy to imagine they’d be tearing their hair out in frustration. “It’s nuts,” Bruce Greenwald, a professor at Columbia Business School and an expert in value investing, said of Tesla’s stock price. “Investors believe it’s going to dominate a market that no company has ever dominated before. ” But Tesla is not a stock, or a company, that is measured by the past, as Mr. Musk is well aware. He also wrote on Twitter that stock prices represent “  future cash flows”  —   and Tesla is about nothing if not a utopian future of safe, reliable, powerful,   electric vehicles powered by   batteries that are easy on the environment. In that regard, Tesla has ascended into a rarefied realm of   story stocks  —   companies that have so bewitched investors that their stock prices are impervious to any traditional valuation measures because their stories are simply too good not to be true. And to the dismay of   who believe they have ample rational reasons to bet against such stocks, their share prices can stay in the stratosphere for years, even decades. These story stocks  —   the term was coined by James Montier, a value investor and a member of the asset allocation team at the investment management firm GMO  —   are relatively rare, but hardly new. Amazon’s stock surged for decades even without any meaningful profits. A more recent example is Snapchat’s parent, Snap, which is racking up large losses while its stock trades at an astronomical    ratio of nearly 50, far higher than Tesla’s 7. (Ford’s, by comparison, is 0. 3.) Amazon and Snap both have stories that are compelling for many investors: Amazon has transformed retailing and is destined to dominate it. Snap is reinventing communication, at least for millennials and those even younger. Early investors in Uber and Airbnb, though they remain private companies, have valued them at stratospheric multiples based largely on the notion that Uber will transform and dominate local transportation and Airbnb will revolutionize the hotel industry. For story stocks, any development that lends credence to the story can cause a surge in already high valuations. This week Tesla reported quarterly sales that were modestly above expectations, and the stock surged 7 percent in a day. Tesla shares are up nearly 40 percent this year, even though many investors considered them overvalued in January. Ron Baron, the billionaire investor and founder of Baron Capital, disclosed last year that he owned about 1. 6 million Tesla shares. He predicted on CNBC in February that Tesla shares would quadruple by 2020 and triple again by 2025. By then he expects Tesla to become the largest company in the world as measured by market capitalization. For all the excitement and promise surrounding such companies, there are many cautionary tales. “Stories are great before bed, but are disastrous as a   technique,” Mr. Montier wrote in his 2009 book “Value Investing: Tools and Techniques for Intelligent Investment. ” If something is expensive based on traditional valuation metrics, he said, “you had better believe its story, as that is all you have. ” (A Tesla spokeswoman said Mr. Musk could not be reached for comment.) Various studies have shown that stocks with high    ratios, on average, significantly underperform market averages. For every Tesla or Uber, there’s a Valeant Pharmaceuticals or Theranos  —   two story stocks that seduced an astounding array of prominent investors and supporters based on stories that did turn out to be too good to be true. And while many investors’ memories tend to be short, the     bubble in the late 1990s spawned scores of story stocks, nearly all of them now worthless and forgotten. Still, Mr. Montier acknowledged, “Stories are compelling. ” They appeal to intuition rather than reason. “But perhaps investors would be well advised to follow Odysseus’s example of putting beeswax in his crew’s ears and tying himself to the mast in order to avoid the disastrous, but oh so desirable, call of the Siren song. ” Will Tesla be one of the rare exceptions and, as Mr. Baron has predicted, emerge as the world’s most valuable company? The company has won over many skeptics with its   execution, so far, and the high quality of its vehicles and high levels of consumer satisfaction. It is no longer a  : It delivered 25, 000 vehicles in the last quarter. It is on track to achieve economies of scale, and the company says the gross margin on each vehicle is above 20 percent, far higher than the industry average. That could drive enormous future profits. But that’s not the Tesla story  —   or stories  —   investors are betting on. Adam Jonas, a Morgan Stanley automotive analyst who is hardly a   optimist about the industry, upgraded Tesla shares to overweight in January. He singles out the company’s new autonomous driving technology as a compelling safety feature that will significantly reduce occupant and pedestrian injuries and fatalities. This week he said he expected “vehicle safety to be the primary differentiator in Tesla’s upcoming product offensive,” referring to the eagerly anticipated introduction of Tesla’s new,   Model 3, which will be equipped with the new technology. That Tesla is an   environmentally friendly,   vehicle  —   the story that once excited investors  —   is barely mentioned anymore. Even more futuristic is the idea that Tesla cars will be entirely   able to cruise streets nearly full time (except when they are being charged at Tesla’s     stations). In this vision, Tesla owners will share their vehicles with Tesla when not using them, and during that time they will ferry other passengers, serving as Tesla’s version of Uber. Thus Tesla will disrupt Uber’s nascent market dominance. And Tesla is no longer seen just as a vehicle manufacturer. With its solar and battery technologies, it is in a position to dominate two other enormous industry segments. Tesla “is reinventing the electric grid,” as Mr. Baron said on CNBC. “That’s a bigger opportunity than cars. ” Even if all that comes to pass, it may not be enough to justify Tesla’s valuation unless it can sustain a competitive advantage over time, as Mr. Greenwald, the value investing expert, put it. Tesla is spending heavily on research and development, and perhaps its technology will be difficult or impossible for others to replicate. The established automakers have had years to catch up to or overtake Tesla’s Model S, with a conspicuous lack of success. But for committed value investors, the writing is on the wall: “Is Tesla going to dominate its industry? That’s the key question,” Mr. Greenwald said. “When it comes to the global auto industry, no one ever has, and in all likelihood, no one ever will. ”",0
20086,"Dr. Denton Cooley, Whose Pioneering Heart Surgery Set Off a 40-Year Medical Feud, Dies at 96 - The New York Times","Dr. Denton A. Cooley, the renowned surgeon who was the first to implant a totally artificial heart in a patient and in the process set off one of medicine’s greatest feuds, died on Friday at his home in Houston. He was 96. The Texas Heart Institute, which Dr. Cooley founded, confirmed his death. He stopped performing surgery on his 87th birthday but had never retired, remaining active at the institute as its president emeritus. The institute said he last showed up there on Monday. A former college basketball star who was a towering presence in the operating room, Dr. Cooley had by age 50 performed more than 5, 000 cardiac operations, including 17 heart transplants. For more than six decades his name was inextricably linked to that of his mentor and former partner, Dr. Michael E. DeBakey, the developer of the artificial heart. Their pioneering techniques for surgery on the heart and blood vessels have helped tens of thousands of patients. But those advances were overshadowed on April 4, 1969, when Dr. Cooley, working independently of Dr. DeBakey, performed his groundbreaking implantation without Dr. DeBakey’s authorization. At the time, Dr. DeBakey and a medical team were developing the artificial heart  —   it was still an experimental device  —   at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston. Dr. DeBakey felt betrayed. Suddenly his protégé was his archrival. So began a feud that would last 40 years, reveal much about the personalities and ambitions of the two renowned surgeons and end only a year before Dr. DeBakey’s death in 2008. Dr. Cooley long defended his action as a doctor’s obligation to do whatever is necessary to save a patient’s life. “If you are a ship out in the ocean and someone throws you a life preserver, you don’t look at it to see if it has been approved by the federal government,” he said in an interview for this obituary. The implantation was performed at the Texas Heart Institute the patient was Haskell Karp, 47, from Skokie, Ill. About 16 months earlier, Dr. Christiaan N. Barnard had performed the world’s first human heart transplant in South Africa, a milestone that led many other surgeons to try the operation. One was Dr. Cooley, a professor of surgery at Baylor and the chief of cardiovascular surgery at St. Luke’s Episcopal Hospital in Houston, who in 1968 performed what he claimed was the first successful heart transplant in the United States. The rush to transplantation led researchers like Dr. DeBakey to renew their attempts to develop an artificial heart to keep patients alive until a donor heart could be found. He was believed to be the first to perform surgery using a partial artificial heart, known as a ventricular assist device. Dr. DeBakey, who had led a campaign to persuade the federal government to support such research, had been developing his artificial heart with a colleague, Dr. Domingo S. Liotta of Argentina, under a grant from the National Institutes of Health. Dr. DeBakey believed the device, which had been tested only on calves, was not ready to be tried on a human patient. But Mr. Karp’s failing heart could not pump enough blood. When efforts to repair it failed, Dr. Cooley enlisted Dr. Liotta to deliver the artificial heart from Dr. DeBakey’s laboratory and, with a   medical team in a   operation, removed Mr. Karp’s heart and implanted the artificial one, a   device made of plastic and Dacron connected by tubes to a bedside control console. The device worked for 64 hours, longer than it had in animal tests, while a frantic search began for a donor heart. When one was found, Dr. Cooley performed the operation. The new heart sustained Mr. Karp for another 32 hours, until he died of pneumonia. (The first totally artificial heart intended for permanent use, the Jarvik 7, was implanted in Dr. Barney B. Clark at the University of Utah in 1982. He survived for 112 days. Since then, the federal government has approved the use of partial artificial hearts.) Dr. DeBakey, who was Baylor’s chancellor, accused Dr. Cooley of committing an unethical and “childish” act to claim a medical first. He contended further that in using a device that was still under development, he had broken federal rules and jeopardized Baylor’s federal research support. Dr. Cooley said that use of the device to save a patient’s life, even experimentally, did not violate the grant contract. He later maintained the operation was also an act of patriotism: He did not want the Russians to be the first to implant a total artificial heart and beat the United States as they had with their early space program. Dr. Cooley resigned from Baylor, and the American College of Surgeons censured him for his unauthorized use of the device, which is now in the Smithsonian Institution in Washington. For decades after that, Dr. Cooley and Dr. DeBakey rarely spoke to each other or were even in the same room. (The feud became so intense and so widely talked about that it became the subject of a cover story in Life magazine.) “Once Mike and I became rivals,” Dr. Cooley said, “he seemed to go out of the way to establish the fact that it was he who was responsible for all of the developments” in heart surgery techniques, many of which he and other members of Dr. DeBakey’s staff had performed. The two reconciled in October 2007, two years after Dr. DeBakey had recovered from an operation at age 97. In a ceremony at St. Luke’s, Dr. DeBakey accepted a lifetime achievement award from the Denton A. Cooley Cardiovascular Surgical Society. After presenting the award, Dr. Cooley stepped down from the stage and knelt next to Dr. DeBakey, who sat in a motorized scooter. The two shook hands warmly. Dr. Cooley had sought the reconciliation for years. “Because I owe a real debt to the people who have helped me in my career,” he said, “I would have been somewhat derelict if I had not had the chance to tell Mike DeBakey that. ” Denton Arthur Cooley was born in Houston on Aug. 22, 1920, to a wealthy family. His paternal grandfather, Daniel Denton Cooley, was a founder of the planned community Houston Heights. His father, Ralph, was a prominent dentist. Dr. Cooley attributed his surgical skills to his athletic prowess. As a freshman at the University of Texas, he was told by his basketball coach to add at least 25 pounds to his    frame to avoid “getting murdered” on the court. He gained even more weight and went on to play forward and center for the team. A member of Phi Beta Kappa, he graduated in 1941 with a degree in zoology. He was attracted to surgery at age 17 when he visited an emergency room in San Antonio and observed a friend sewing up knife wounds inflicted in Saturday night brawls. After starting medical school in Galveston, he transferred to Johns Hopkins in Baltimore, earning a medical degree in 1944. After serving in World War II and then continuing his training on a fellowship in England, where he studied with the heart surgeon Russell C. Brock, Dr. Cooley returned to Houston to work under Dr. DeBakey. Over the next few years, the two surgeons had important roles in virtually every major development in heart and   surgery. Dr. DeBakey and Dr. Cooley devised operations to repair potentially fatal bulges in aortas and to bypass arteriosclerotic damage in neck and leg arteries that could lead to strokes. Dr. Cooley also came up with a way to reduce the amount of transfused blood used in the   machine that “breathes” for the patient during   operations. The technique reduced the incidence of infections like hepatitis B at a time when no vaccine existed to prevent that debilitating and potentially fatal liver infection. It also made it easier to perform surgery on patients whose religious beliefs prevented them from receiving another person’s blood. Dr. Cooley said that “if there is any contribution I should be recognized for,” it is reducing the need for blood transfusions in   operations. Dr. Cooley, who believed that the outcome of an operation was related to its length, became an exceptionally fast surgeon despite athletic injuries that damaged a few fingers and a wrist. “I was always surprised how seemingly slow all his movements were in operating,” Dr. Roland Hetzer, a onetime colleague and former director of the German Heart Institute in Berlin, said in an interview there in 2010. “But every stitch was just perfect the first time, and he never had to do something a second time. So in the end he was very fast, a very good technical surgeon. ” In 1962, Dr. Cooley founded the Texas Heart Institute at St. Luke’s and became its president. He also taught at the University of Texas and Baylor medical schools in Houston. He worked in an era when federal regulation of the development of new medical and surgical devices was limited. Doctors could make their own devices and instruments and use them on patients with little outside oversight. Human experimentation committees, whose approval is needed before doctors can conduct an experiment on a patient, did not yet exist. “All the progress we made in that period would take us a century now,” Dr. Cooley said. “We would just try something in the lab, have some personal conviction that it was a meaningful thing to do and try, and then we would go ahead and apply it. ” At his peak, Dr. Cooley was said to be the busiest heart surgeon in the United States, performing many operations a day using an   approach. Patients were assigned to separate operating rooms where younger doctors opened their chests and exposed the hearts. Dr. Cooley then scurried between operating rooms to do the crucial part of each operation. Some of his critics have questioned the quality of the surgery. “My athletic experiences taught me endurance and competitiveness, with perhaps an emphasis on endurance,” he said. In 1984, President Ronald Reagan presented Dr. Cooley with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian award, for “charting new territory in his search for ways to prolong and enrich human life. ” Dr. Cooley had homes in Houston and in Galveston, Tex. His wife of 67 years, the Louise Thomas Cooley, died before him, as did a daughter, Florence Talbot Cooley. His survivors include four other daughters, Mary Cooley Craddock, Dr. Susan Cooley, Dr. Louise Cooley Davis and Helen Cooley Fraser 16 grandchildren and 17  . Dr. Cooley had his failures, both professional (a    experimental heart transplant was unsuccessful) and personal (he declared bankruptcy from failed real estate investments in the early 1980s). And though he and Dr. DeBakey reconciled, their rivalry never completely abated. Dr. DeBakey has been called the greatest surgeon ever. Before his death in 2008, he said in an interview that Dr. Cooley was “one of the best cardiovascular surgeons” he had ever known. Asked in a separate interview whom he considered the greatest surgeon, Dr. Cooley replied, “Besides myself?”",0
20087,"Academy Awards, James Comey: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. President Trump is quickly dismantling   policies. He revived two blocked pipeline projects: the Keystone XL pipeline, the focus of years of debate over energy needs and climate change and the Dakota Access pipeline, the target of intense Native American protests. Mr. Trump also pressed automakers to increase jobs in the U. S. But a new forecast of a federal budget deficit that could expand to almost $10 trillion over 10 years could complicate his agenda to slash taxes and ramp up spending. And the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, stood by Mr. Trump’s repetition of the false claim that only millions of illegal votes by undocumented immigrants cost him the popular vote. _____  2. On Capitol Hill, Mr. Trump’s pick to be secretary of health and human services, Representative Tom Price of Georgia, defended his investments in an Australian pharmaceutical company. And James Comey, above, told top agents that he’d been asked to remain as head of the F. B. I. averting another potentially bruising confirmation battle. It’s a delicate time for the intelligence community, which is looking into ties between Mr. Trump’s associates  —   including his former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort  —   and Russia. Mr. Trump said he’d name his Supreme Court pick next week. The top contenders are conservatives on federal appeals courts: William Pryor Jr. known for his opposition to abortion and gay rights, and Neil Gorsuch, more distinguished by credentials, erudition and relatively muted stances. _____ 3. This year’s Oscar nominations are out. Voters gave “La La Land” 14 nominations, a tie for the most in Academy Award history. The academy also honored six black actors  —   a record. They included Denzel Washington and Viola Davis for their roles in “Fences,” above. Here is the full list of nominees our critics’ rundown of surprises and snubs reactions from some of the nominees a form to complete your own ballot and a guide on how to stream the nominated movies. _____ 4. Israel, discarding diplomatic restraint just a few days into the Trump administration, approved the construction of 2, 500 housing units in West Bank settlements. A month ago, the Obama administration declined to veto a Security Council resolution that condemned Israeli settlements as a “flagrant violation of international law,” and a week ago, a gathering of world leaders warned Israel to stop expanding them. _____ 5. Two days of talks in Kazakhstan on the Syrian war concluded with an agreement by Iran, Russia and Turkey to enforce a partial  . But they didn’t say how, and none of the Syrians at the conference  —   neither the government, nor the rebels, above  —   signed the agreement, and the main result was solidifying Russia’s role in the diplomacy. _____ 6. The Manhattan jail holding the notorious drug lord known as El Chapo is said to be tougher than Guantánamo. A remarkable figure in the annals of crime history, with two escapes from   Mexican prisons, he was extradited to the U. S. last week. The lights are on almost 24 hours a day, security is extraordinarily stringent, and the most closely guarded prisoners are denied almost all human contact. But it has seen several successful escapes. _____ 7. The expensive wonder drugs approved in recent years to cure hepatitis C, which can lead to liver disease and cancer, offered the hope of resolving a huge public health problem in the U. S. and around the world. But a report coming out Wednesday warns of the possibility of serious side effects, including liver failure, and doctors said the issue warranted further study. The news set off a new round of debate over the risks of expedited approval for badly needed drugs. “Benefits and side effects evolve over the long term, not over 12 weeks,” an author of the study said. _____ 8. Burning dinner might seem like a mistake. But the art of strategic charring, browning and blackening has deep roots in many cuisines. Exercised with care, it can conjure a world of flavor. Chefs are embracing the technique. Consider moles made with charred and   ingredients, above, blackened avocado and, mmm, lamb heart ashes. _____ 9. Houston is preparing to welcome the Super Bowl on Feb. 5, and its leaders are eager to show off the makeover the city has undergone since it last hosted the game more than a decade ago. A hub for the oil and gas industries and the nation’s   city, Houston is on the upswing, boasting an array of new restaurants,   green space, and cultural and entertainment venues. _____ 10. On the move? Our travel writer reviewed several meditation apps that have sessions for use on planes, trains  —   even your daily commute. One is called “OMG. I Can Meditate!” Another offers the affirming reminder: “The more our mind learns about itself, the stronger it becomes. ” As we’ve said before about mindfulness exercises: Hey, it can’t hurt. _____ 11. Finally, there are many ways to look at history. We’re gauging it through antique lace: our 165 years of wedding reporting. The project’s first installment focuses on the subjects of The Times’s first wedding announcement, on Sept. 18, 1851, Sarah Mullett and John Grant. And, amazingly, generations of their descendants, who gather every year for a family photo with the ancestral portraits. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
20088,Western-led operation against ISIS a spectacle – Serbian President Nikolic,"15 mins ago 0 Views 0 Comments 0 Likes Drone footage shows the devastation caused by twin earthquakes that rocked Borgo Sant'Antonio, near Visso, which left buildings reduced to rubble or partially collapsed. Central Italy was struck twice in quick succession the previous day, with the first tremor hitting it at around 19:11 local time (17:11 GMT). The quake measured 5.5 on the Richter scale and could be felt as far as Rome some 240 km (149 miles). Shortly after a second quake of 6.1-magnitude, struck at around 21:18 local time (19:18 GMT). Buildings were shaking, some parts even caving in, and residents fled into the street to save themselves. Several dozen people have been treated across the region for light injuries, while four are said to have been seriously hurt. COURTESY: RT's RUPTLY video agency, NO RE-UPLOAD, NO REUSE - FOR LICENSING, PLEASE, CONTACT http://ruptly.tv   Subscribe   Like     Leave a Reply Login with your Social ID Your email address will not be published. Name",0
20089,"For Trump’s Nominees, a Billionaires’ Guide to Running the Government - The New York Times","Pity the poor billionaires who are about to take the oath of office. For them, everything is going to change. In winning the presidency, Donald J. Trump proposed a grand hypothesis: that the federal government can be managed like a business. “If we could run our country the way I’ve run my company, we would have a country that you would be so proud of,” he told voters in the final presidential debate. It’s a theory that has been suggested, to various degrees, by almost every president in the last century, from Calvin Coolidge to Barack Obama. What’s different this time is the vigorousness of the experiment. With his inauguration on Friday, and a cabinet that is likely to include three billionaires, five former chief executives and some of the business world’s most accomplished leaders, Mr. Trump is poised to test, perhaps once and for all, if good governance and crafty deal making are really similar skills. But, as anyone who has spent time in a laboratory can attest, experiments are messy. Separating the signals from the noise takes diligence. And in this case, so much will depend on the savviness of those woeful billionaires who had it so good, and now will be guinea pigs thrust into a maze that has overwhelmed so many test subjects before them. “Running an agency is very, very different from running a company,” said Carlos M. Gutierrez, who was commerce secretary under George W. Bush after serving as chief executive of Kellogg’s. “Some of the skills do transfer, but you have to be careful figuring out which ones. In government, you can’t fire anyone. Your board of directors is 535 people in Congress, and half of them want to see you fail. ” One of the first challenges will be figuring out what “business leadership” means when so many of capitalism’s tools  —   firing misbehaving employees giving raises to those who overperform  —   aren’t allowed by federal rules. “C. E. O.s who come in saying, ‘I’m going to show everyone how it’s done,’ are the ones most likely to fail,” Mr. Gutierrez said. One problem has always been that while the business world rewards leaders for an intense focus on a singular goal  —   maximizing profits as efficiently as possible  —   government yearns for the opposite: pleasing the largest number of people with methods that offend the fewest. And while competition is usually a good thing within business, inside government, it’s often more corrosive, as the partisanship of the past decade demonstrates. “You succeed in Washington by collaborating,” said Henry M. Paulson Jr. who was widely lauded as Treasury secretary for Mr. Bush and, before that, as chief executive of Goldman Sachs. Businesspeople tend to see competition as a means to find the best solutions, a sorting device that pushes the smartest ideas ahead. But many of the trickiest government issues, like immigration or tax reform, involve dozens of agencies, as well as lawmakers and lobbyists, who must be persuaded to cooperate. Intelligence in government is almost always a humble, group activity. “You can’t just think about your own agency, or your own goals,” Mr. Paulson said. “You have to please both sides of the aisle, while making sure you’re not outshining other officials, and persuading employees who don’t have to obey your orders. And you have to adjust to having a boss, the president, instead of being the boss. It takes a lot of humility. ” Some of Mr. Trump’s picks might have an easier time making the transition than others. Rex W. Tillerson, the former chief executive of Exxon Mobil and the choice for secretary of state, is among the nominees who have spent their careers involved in the    operations of complicated firms that span continents. “Tillerson has basically been a politician for the last 20 years he’s just been doing it for the nation of Exxon,” said Paul H. O’Neill, who became Treasury secretary during Mr. Bush’s first term after leading the aluminum company Alcoa. “He’s negotiated with foreign governments, he’s had more than 80, 000 employees. You don’t run a company that size by telling people what to do. You learn how to persuade them to follow your vision, to accommodate all kinds of different agendas and personalities. ” Other cabinet secretaries have spent their careers mostly as investors, not as direct managers. Hedge fund and private equity professionals like Steven T. Mnuchin, likely to be the next Treasury secretary Betsy DeVos, who has been tapped as education secretary and Wilbur L. Ross, the expected commerce secretary, have largely devoted their lives to buying and selling companies. And so there are questions about how well they will make the shift to jobs that demand a    focus on the smallest details of governance. Mr. Ross, whose confirmation hearing was held on Wednesday, presents a fascinating test subject. As an acquirer of steel mills, coal mines and other heavy industries, he has amassed a personal fortune worth billions. “Over the years, I’ve had businesses that actually operated in some 23 countries,” Mr. Ross said at the hearing. “We have been on the ground in all of the major trading partners of this country. ” Usually, when Mr. Ross buys a new company, he follows a pretty successful script: He shows up, says a few words and then hands operations to professional managers who know how to run things  —   and who know he will fire them if they fail. However, when Mr. Ross takes the oath of office, that script will change. He will be whisked off to the executive wing of the Commerce Department and walked past long rows of barren offices. (The furniture of political appointees is removed during each presidential transition, and  —   spoiler alert  —   it often takes weeks for new desks and bookcases to arrive.) If he can find enough chairs, he might call a meeting of the few employees milling around (his deputies and key department heads need senatorial approval, which might take a few months). He will be handed dozens of binders explaining how his department does everything from monitor weather satellites to administer patents, and admonished to study up. (Congress loves humiliating cabinet members who haven’t done their homework, and explaining that you are an excellent delegator, alas, fails to impress on Capitol Hill.) If Mr. Ross hopes to fly to one of the department’s satellite offices, he will have to decide if he wants to complete the reams of paperwork needed to use his own jet, or go coach, as secretaries in previous administrations were encouraged. “Perception matters a lot in Washington,” said Karen G. Mills, who always flew in the cheap seats as administrator of the Small Business Administration after a career in finance left her with more than $40 million. “I did, however, try to avoid the middle seat. ” If Mr. Ross is lucky, by the end of his first day, someone will have shown him where the bathrooms are. There’s a risk, however, that the agency’s permanent staff’s “No. 1 goal will be to find ways to sabotage each new cabinet secretary as soon as they walk through the door,” said Newt Gingrich, a former House speaker who was a campaign adviser to Mr. Trump. “All those bureaucrats overwhelmingly voted for Clinton. There won’t be any real cooperation until we change federal law so we can fire them. ” Worst of all, though, is that at the end of his tenure, no matter how hard Mr. Ross works or how much he sacrifices, a large part of his success  —   as well as that of the other secretaries and this experiment as a whole  —   will be outside his control. Ultimately, the most important variable in testing this hypothesis will be Mr. Trump himself. What kind of management style will he adopt? Will he be an operator or a delegator? Will he change as president, or simply relocate and remain C. E. O. in chief? How a president behaves filters into the cabinet, and senior officials, no matter how talented or powerful they once were, become an appendage of their new boss  —   a hard demotion for any former master of the universe. If Mr. Trump can’t manage the presidency, then no one working for him is likely to succeed. And vice versa. So as this experiment unfolds before a captivated nation, pity Mr. Ross and all the poor billionaires. They are sacrificing themselves so that all of us might learn. And, in case they are wondering: The bathrooms are down the hall and around the corner. You’re responsible for replacing the toilet paper if you’ve used the last of the roll.",0
20090,"Store Owner Fights Back, Fatally Shoots Two Robbery Suspects, Wounds Third - Breitbart","A car audio store owner in Downey, California fought back against three armed robbery suspects Monday, shooting two fatally and wounding the third. [The incident occurred around 8:15 p. m. on Monday.  According to ABC 7, the attempted robbery occurred at First Class Car Audio. Police said they arrived to to find two suspects dead inside the business and the wounded suspect had fled the scene. The Patch quoted police saying: Detectives have determined three armed men entered the business and attempted to rob the business owner. Gunfire was exchanged during which the business owner shot all three suspects, two of whom died at the scene. The third suspect sought medical treatment for his gunshot wounds at a local hospital and is receiving medical care. Detectives are still questioning him. A man near the store  —   who did not want to be identified  —   said, “All I heard was gunshots  —   about nine or 10 gunshots. ” Another witness said, “That’s the store owner trying to protect his business. He got a family and, you know, people trying to take away his business where he work hard for it. That’s not right. ” The business owner was not injured in the exchange of gunfire and police have not released the identities of the two deceased suspects. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.  ",0
20091,"Rockefeller Foundation Picks Rajiv J. Shah, a Trustee, as President - The New York Times","Rajiv J. Shah, a trustee of the Rockefeller Foundation, was asked about six months ago to join the committee that would select the foundation’s next president. He said no. Instead, Mr. Shah, who until recently had been the administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, ultimately said he wanted to be considered for the post. He got the job. On Thursday, the Rockefeller Foundation, one of the country’s largest and most influential philanthropies, will name Mr. Shah to succeed Judith Rodin, who has been president for 12 years. The appointment will make Mr. Shah one of the most powerful forces in charitable giving, overseeing a foundation that donates roughly $200 million each year and corrals governments, companies and organizations to contribute money and resources in tandem. Mr. Shah, 43, will be the first   to lead the Rockefeller Foundation, which has gained stature in recent years through some prominent projects but has sometimes been criticized as being more interested in its publicity than its grantees. Founded in 1913 by the oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller, the foundation says it has given away the equivalent of more than $17 billion in today’s dollars. Its first grant was to the American Red Cross, and it went on to play pivotal roles in establishing the field of public health, creating vaccines for yellow fever and malaria, and bringing agricultural advances to the developing world. In recent years, the foundation has focused on the themes of “resilience” and “inclusive economies. ” That has resulted in programs aimed at establishing “resilience officers” in 100 cities to focus on disaster relief and a plan that is sending 100, 000   students to see the musical “Hamilton. ” These efforts have struck critics as public relations stunts more than meaningful agents of change. And Ms. Rodin has drawn fire for spending too much time with corporate partners and not enough time with the recipients of grants. Much of the foundation’s work concerns improving health and   in Africa, aiding economic development in impoverished areas and developing strategies to combat climate change. It was these diverse causes that attracted Mr. Shah to the job. With advanced degrees in medicine and health finance from the University of Pennsylvania, Mr. Shah worked at the Bill  Melinda Gates Foundation for nearly a decade, rising to be director for agricultural development. From 2009 to 2015, he ran U. S. A. I. D. leading the response to disasters including the 2010 earthquake in Haiti and the 2014 Ebola outbreak in West Africa. After leaving the agency, he founded Latitude Capital, a private equity firm focused on emerging markets. In those roles, Mr. Shah said, he came to understand the power of   partnerships, a strategy that Ms. Rodin has embraced at the Rockefeller Foundation. “I’ve seen what’s possible when people come together,” he said in an interview this week. “We were able to save tens of thousands, if not millions, of lives. ” Ms. Rodin was not involved in the search for her successor but has known Mr. Shah for years. They worked together on an agricultural project when he was at the Gates Foundation, and he joined the Rockefeller Foundation board in 2015. “He’s a marvel,” Ms. Rodin said in an interview this week. “He’s very strategic and very innovative. He shows an interpersonal dexterity that is well beyond his years. ” Ms. Rodin said she believed that Mr. Shah was a good fit for the job thanks in part to his time at U. S. A. I. D. which required that he forge alliances with a vast array of governments, organizations and companies. “One of the things we tried to emphasize during my time at Rockefeller was broadening the scope of partnerships,” Ms. Rodin said. “We see in Raj someone who has the capacity to take advantage of this, and has the capacity to be a great partner. ” Richard Parsons, the chairman of the Rockefeller Foundation board, said Mr. Shah was the unanimous choice of the search committee after a competitive process that considered hundreds of candidates. “Raj is the perfect guy to come in after her,” Mr. Parsons said in an interview. “He’s a performer. You put him up in front of a group and people come away impressed. Now, he’s got a platform. ” Mr. Shah said he was committed to the broad themes of resilience and inclusive economies. “That core concept of resilience is extraordinarily important going forward,” he said. “It gives us the opportunity to evolve into the future. ” But he said he would look for opportunities to address schisms in the American electorate in this divisive political moment. “It is a different time today than it was 10 or 15 years ago,” he said. “We live in a more fractured world. ” The Rockefeller Foundation is viewed by some has having a liberal bent. During Ms. Rodin’s tenure, the foundation donated money to the Clinton Foundation. Mr. Shah is close with President Obama but said he maintained good relations with Republicans in the House and Senate and believed that the foundation’s core mission had bipartisan appeal. “It’s widely acknowledged that tackling hunger and ensuring health around the globe are in our own national interest,” Mr. Shah said. “I have always been passionate about delivering social justice results at a massive scale. ” He will now have a $200 million a year to try to deliver those results.",0
20092,"القبض على ""الموناليزا"" الأفغانية بباكستان - RT Arabic","القبض على ""الموناليزا"" الأفغانية بباكستان 
تاريخ النشر: 26.10.2016 | 15:32 GMT | القبض على فتاة ""ناشيونال جيوغرافيك"" الأفغانية بباكستان A+ مصير ""الموناليزا"" الأفغانية 
وقال شهيد إلياس، من وكالة التحقيقات الإتحادية، إن الشرطة ألقت القبض على شربات غولا خلال مداهمة، الأربعاء، في منزل ببيشاور. 
وكانت ""الموناليزا"" الأفغانية، فتاة لاجئة أفغانية عندما اكتسبت شهرة عالمية، العام 1984، بعد أن نشرت مجلة ""ناشيونال جيوغرافيك"" على غلافها صورة لها التقطها المصور ستيف ماكوري، وعثر ماكوري عليها مرة أخرى في العام 2002، في أفغانستان. www.pinterest.com القبض على فتاة ""ناشونال جيوغرافيك"" الأفغانية بباكستان 
كما ظهرت غولا مرة أخرى في باكستان بالعام 2015 عندما قالت السلطات إن لديها بطاقة هوية باكستانية مزورة. 
ويقول إلياس، إن بعض المسؤولين تم فصلهم لاحقا لإعطائهم غولا بطاقة هوية مزورة، وإنها عاشت منذ ذلك الحين متوارية عن الأنظار لتجنب الاعتقال. 
المصدر: وكالات ",0
20093,Study: Americans fear “corrupt government officials” more than anything,"Study: Americans fear “corrupt government officials” more than anything It's sad when more Americans fear government corruption than anything else, including death By Lexi Morgan - October 27, 2016 ( INTELLIHUB ) — According to a study conducted by Chapman University titled America’s Top Fears 2016 , “1,511 adults from across the United States were asked their level of fear about 79 different fears across a huge variety of topics ranging from crime, the government, disasters, personal anxieties, technology and many others,” and you won’t believe the results. 
The study addressed ’11 major domains of fear’ which included: Fear Domain",0
20094,SERIOUSLY!? WaPo columnist’s lecture to FBI Director Comey about ‘news business’ falls on its face,"— Robert B -zee (@robkroese) October 29, 2016 
Less than two weeks before the presidential election, the FBI announced the re-opening of the   which includes focus on Anthony Weiner, the husband of top Clinton aide Huma Abedin. 
The Washington Post’s David Ignatius tried to lecture Comey about the timing: Note to Comey: In news business, you wouldn't publish story so thin 10 days before election, w/o providing details. https://t.co/dvdQIVWElm 
— David Ignatius (@IgnatiusPost) October 28, 2016 
Is that so? 
— David Burge (@iowahawkblog) October 29, 2016 You'd at least have the professional decency to forge some documents. https://t.co/3ZcTEZoEYF 
— THE Chris Coon (@Coondawg68) October 29, 2016 
Ha! Yes, the “no hits close to an election” lecture is hilarious. And besides: Note to @IgnatiusPost : Comey isn't in the news business, and the biased press is in no position to deliver sanctimonious lectures on ethics. https://t.co/pCH4XwalLJ 
— (((David B. Cohen))) (@DavidBCohen1) October 29, 2016 @IgnatiusPost Note to Ignatius: He's not in the news business. And he didn't publish the story. You did. 
— Joel Engel (@joelengel) October 29, 2016 
Well, there’s that. 
— Silence is Consent! (@NoSilentConsent) October 29, 2016 This is fun. The Washington Post chiding the FBI about political ethics #JulietEilperin https://t.co/p3lRmHDOij 
— Dean Skoreyko (@bcbluecon) October 29, 2016 Local journalist annoyed that FBI doesn't hold himself to journalistic standards https://t.co/itGOdzvsdY 
— David Rutz (@DavidRutz) October 29, 2016 What a weird and not very useful comparison. https://t.co/WINbyveGcd 
— Mark Hemingway (@Heminator) October 29, 2016 Note to @IgnatiusPost : in journalism, you wouldn't be condemning government transparency. If u were a journalist. https://t.co/ZUSKaUcC6q 
— Simon Templar (@SimonTemplarPV) October 29, 2016 
A couple years ago, Ignatius called Obama “perhaps the least political president in modern U.S. history,” so nothing should be too surprising. Trending",0
20095,Sex and the Presidential City,"Sex and the Presidential City Sex and the Presidential City By 0 58 
Why does everyone think that presidential campaigns are about “issues,” when anyone over the age of consent knows they are all about sex? But it says a lot about the lasting power of Viagra that this is still the case when we have a couple of seventy-year-olds on the ballot. (“ For an election lasting more than four years, please call your doctor .”) 
In last week’s newspaper there was a report on the tenth or eleventh woman (I have lost track) to come forward to say that Donald Trump made suggestive and “inappropriate” advances to her during a golf tournament that took place about ten years ago. 
The woman in question is Jessica Drake, who during her press conference announced that at the time of the tournament, she was working in the “the adult industry” (that’s what People Magazine calls porn) for Wicked Pictures (the 20th Century Fox of gang banging) when the randy Donald kissed and hugged her in his room. 
Trump was already in his pajamas when she knocked on his door, together with two friends. Normally, in the adult business, when three porn stars knock on your hotel door, it’s considered foreplay. 
When Trump’s effusive greeting of Miss Drake did not lead to more snuggling, let alone the suggestion to preview some of her work on the hotel television, he offered her $10,000 to satisfy his suite dreams. 
Drake again demurred, saying that the next morning she needed to get back to Los Angeles “for work.” By that point in her career she had…",0
20096,Aetna CEO on Obamacare: Young People Will Choose Beer First | Politics,"(Before It's News)
Remember when the media, Barack Obama, and Democrats were finger-wagging and tut-tutting Republicans for saying Obamacare was going to be a failure? Remember how Obama said premiums were going to go down?
For the last 18 months, Obama and his fellow Democrats have been reduced to bragging about how many people are now “covered” by health insurance as if it was some real accomplishment. Two points to consider:
It is mandatory. People are merely obeying the law and getting a plan. The law’s intention was for healthcare coverage to be more affordable, and that has not happened. Insurers are recognizing this problem. Younger people would rather be in a position where they pay the fine (which the administration is not enforcing), rather than the out of pocket costs for a health care plan. The CEO of Aetna said as much:
Healthier people will avoid buying Affordable Care Act health insurance plans as premiums climb, threatening the stability of the market, Aetna Inc. Chief Executive Officer Mark Bertolini said.
“As the rates rise, the healthier people pull out because the out-of-pocket costs aren’t worth it,” Bertolini said at Bloomberg’s The Year Ahead Summit in New York. “Young people can do the math. Gas for the car, beer on Fridays and Saturdays, health insurance.”
Premiums for health plans sold to individuals under the ACA, known as Obamacare, are going up by about 25 percent on average for next year. Bertolini said that as costs rise, more individuals will decide not to buy health plans. That’ll push premiums even higher, unless a new president and lawmakers can find fixes for the new markets created by the 2010 health law.
The question over whether such problems get fixed is all dependent upon whether or no the President, be it Obama or Clinton, recognizes what divided government means. It is not to say, as President Obama believes, “Here is what I need, now pass it so I can sign it.” President Obama or President Clinton must recognize divided government means everything is on the table at the start of negotiations , not just what the President wants.
The post Aetna CEO On Obamacare: Young People Will Choose Beer First appeared first on RedState .",0
20097,The Irresistible Style of Emma Stone - The New York Times,"Few actresses are more likable than Emma Stone. She is spunky, talented,   and slightly goofy. But unlike some approachable actresses, who stick with the pretty if bland aesthetic, Ms. Stone is as soignée as they come. “She’s very spirited when it comes to fashion,” said Petra Flannery, her stylist for the past decade. “She’s a very animated person, and my goal is to make the clothes complement all of that, whether it’s through color, or a material that makes it unique, or an interesting design. ” It helps that like the variety of characters she inhabits  —   Ms. Stone is nominated for an Oscar in the best actress category for the   musical film “La La Land”  —   she has range. She comes alive in marigold (a flirty,   Gucci creation at a W magazine party last month, which Ms. Flannery called “the ultimate party dress”) sky blue (a   Prada dress at the Los Angeles “La La Land” premiere in December) and even pale sea foam (a shimmering Atelier Versace gown at the Venice Film Festival in September, which seemed to have gone through a very expensive shredder). Strange proportions are also fair game. At the EE British Academy Film Awards, familiarly known as the Baftas, this month, Ms. Stone managed to make a   embroidered smoke gray organza dress over    pants (Chanel haute couture, mind you) seem like kismet. “The look was so cool because of the pants, but also it was a little Lucille Ball because of the ’50s shape of the dress,” Ms. Flannery said. It was not the first time Ms. Stone carried off a tricky Chanel design  —   or pants on the red carpet, for that matter. While an ornate embroidered jacket and a heavy silver and gold column skirt, both in tweed, might have sapped the youth out of some, Ms. Stone was a sophisticated jeune fille in the Chanel Métiers d’Art outfit she wore to the Paris premiere of “La La Land. ” Yet Ms. Stone doesn’t overdose on opulence. Like a palate cleanser, the actress peppered her red carpet look with minimal slip dresses (a rich burgundy number by the Row for the London premiere of “La La Land” in January and a strappy black Stella McCartney design at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival this month). Another Stella McCartney, a midnight blue jumpsuit worn to the Oscar Nominees Luncheon a few days later, was also relatively spare, though the puffed   cut had plenty of quirk. “I always want to keep it fresh and fun,” Ms. Flannery said. To that end, she works with a combination of custom and runway pieces. “I love doing custom, because it’s nice to know you’re really surprising people,” she said, pointing to the glittering   Valentino gown Ms. Stone wore to the Golden Globes last month. Sourcing directly from the runway used to be the gold standard, but, Ms. Flannery said, “it’s different today with social media. ” “Instagram images pop up all over,” she continued, “and by the time a dress comes from the runway, it can feel like you’ve seen it already. ” Luckily, Ms. Flannery has such access  —   Ms. Stone, after all, is a red carpet score for any designer  —   that she can nab a collection piece before it has ever left the studio. Such was the case when she secured the remarkable Alexander McQueen dress with lily pad embroidery that Ms. Stone wore to the Screen Actors Guild Awards in January. With asymmetrical draping and a lace bodice, the design was a visual feat: Ms. Stone looked as though she was partially undressed. Ms. Flannery said the gown was from the label’s 2017   collection, which “had not been viewed by anybody yet. ” She reserved the piece a couple of weeks before the awards ceremony as she was passing through London with Ms. Stone. “It’s true designers love her,” Ms. Flannery said, “but also Emma appreciates fashion from an artist’s point of view. Style is innate. It’s in her bones. ”",0
20098,Former US Intelligence Chief Admits Obama Took “Willful Decision” to Support ISIS Rise,"Region: USA in the World If one was only to read mainstream news in the West, you would probably be inculcated with the myth that Islamic State (ISIS) appeared almost out of thin air and many governments in the Western world have been completely shocked by the rise of this terror group. Perhaps you would correctly blame the 2003 invasion and occupation of Iraq as a major reason why such extreme groups gained power in the region, in addition to blaming certain governments for supposedly marginalizing Sunni’s. But what most mainstream readers will be miserably ignorant of is the fact that one of the main opposition groups fighting the Bashar al-Assad government in Syria has been ISIS itself, a group that has been trained, funded, aided and armed by NATO countries in collusion with Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Israel (to name a few). This reality has been completely omitted in numerous corporate media publications, once again demonstrating the inept and deceptive nature of mainstream news. Some Western news outlets are still peddling the fallacy that the Obama administration misjudged the threat of ISIS, and was taken by surprise by the groups rise. Obama himself claimed in 2014 when responding to a question asking whether the US underestimated ISIS: “That their advance, their movement, over the last several months has been more rapid than the intelligence estimates and I think the expectations of policy makers both inside and outside of Iraq.” This narrative runs in stark contrast to a recently declassified US Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) document from 2012 which was released by Judicial Watch after the watchdog group filed a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit. The DIA document warned: “ISI [the Islamic State of Iraq] could also declare an Islamic State through its union with other terrorist organisations in Iraq and Syria.” ( p.5 ) In a recent interview with Mehdi Hasan of Al Jazeera, the former head of the DIA, Michael T. Flynn, reiterates that the Obama administration was warned about the potential of extreme groups gaining influence in the region but instead of halting the support for the Syrian opposition, the administration took the “wilful decision” to support the rebels anyway: Hasan (Interviewer) (From 11.15 onwards into the interview): “In 2012, your agency was saying, quote: “The Salafists, the Muslim Brotherhood and Al-Qaeda in Iraq [(which ISIS arose out of)], are the major forces driving the insurgency in Syria.” In 2012, the US was helping coordinate arms transfers to those same groups. Why did you not stop that if you’re worried about the rise of Islamic extremism?” Flynn : “Well I hate to say it’s not my job, but… my job was to ensure that the accuracy of our intelligence that was being presented was as good as it could be, and I will tell you, it goes before 2012. When we were in Iraq, and we still had decisions to be made before there was a decision to pull out of Iraq in 2011, it was very clear what we were going to face.” Hasan (Interviewer): You are basically saying that even in government at the time, you knew those groups were around, you saw this analysis, and you were arguing against it, but who wasn’t listening?” Flynn : “I think the administration.” Hasan (Interviewer): “So the administration turned a blind eye to your analysis?” Flynn : “I don’t know if they turned a blind eye. I think it was a decision, a willful decision.” Hasan (Interviewer): “A wilful decision to support an insurgency that had Salafists, Al-Qaeda and the Muslim Brotherhood?” Flynn: “A wilful decision to do what they’re doing… You have to really ask the President what is it that he actually is doing with the policy that is in place, because it is very, very confusing.” It is quite obvious that NATO countries in conjunction with regional allies have been funding, arming and training an array of rebel bandits to overthrow the secular Syrian government for years now, although they have been unable to force regime change in Damascus so far. In the 2012 declassified report from the DIA, the document reveals that the powers supporting the Syrian opposition – “Western countries, the Gulf states and Turkey” – wanted to create a “Salafist principality in Eastern Syria in order to isolate the Syrian regime”: “Opposition forces are trying to control the Eastern areas (Hasaka and Der Zor), adjacent to the Western Iraqi provinces (Mosul and Anbar), in addition to neighbouring Turkish borders. Western countries, the Gulf states and Turkey are supporting these efforts… If the situation unravels there is the possibility of establishing a declared or undeclared Salafist principality in Eastern Syria (Hasaka and Der Zor), and this is exactly what the supporting powers to the opposition want, in order to isolate the Syrian regime, which is considered the strategic depth of the Shia expansion (Iraq and Iran).” ( p.5 ) Shipping Weapons from Libya to the Syrian Rebels Numerous reports in 2012 alleged that the US was sending heavy weapons from the military stockpiles of the former Libyan leader, Muammar Gaddafi, to the Syrian rebels. Another formerly classified document released by Judicial Watch from the US Department of Defense (DOD) reveals that the White House was at least aware of arms shipments from Libya to Syria, although the document does not disclose who was shipping the weapons: “Weapons from the former Libya military stockpiles were shipped from the port of Benghazi, Libya to the Port of Banias and the Port of Borj Islam, Syria. The weapons shipped during late-August 2012 were Sniper rifles, RPG’s, and 125 mm and 155mm howitzers missiles… The numbers for each weapon were estimated to be: 500 Sniper rifles, 100 RPG launchers with 300 total rounds, and approximately 400 howitzers missiles [200 ea – 125mm and 200ea – 155 mm.]” ( DOD Document ) This is all part of a long term strategy by the West to overthrow regimes that are not subservient to Western interests. NATO’s 2011 war in Libya has already forced regime change in the North African country, with the West still working on bringing down the Syrian regime. Both countries were listed as enemies of the US by the neoconservative thinktank, the Project for a New American Century (PNAC) in their 2000 report, long before the illegal 2011 war in Libya and the ongoing proxy war in Syria. Iraq, Iran and North Korea were also on PNAC’s hit list . Further illustrating the fact that many of the wars and proxy wars we have witnessed in recent years were premeditated operations by imperial powers, t he former French minister of Foreign Affairs, Roland Dumas, revealed that the war in Syria was “ prepared, preconceived and planned ” at least “two years before the violence” erupted. Dumas said he was approached in the UK by “top British officials” to see if he would participate in “organizing an invasion of rebels into Syria”, a proposal Dumas refused, but it is clear that many others within the Western establishment did not. Steven MacMillan is an independent writer, researcher, geopolitical analyst and editor of The Analyst Report , especially for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook” . Popular Articles",0
20099,Fake Scandal: Any Senator or Government Official Can Pull Money from a Blind Trust Without Ever Telling Anyone - Breitbart,"The latest attack against President Donald Trump for allegedly being too close to his and his family’s business interests suffers from a serious flaw: it is based on a trust agreement provision authorized by law and recommended by the U. S. Senate Select Committee on Ethics as well as the U. S. Office of Government Ethics. [The website ProPublica reported Monday that the documents governing the trust that holds Trump’s businesses were changed in February to instruct the trustee to make distributions to Trump when requested. “Trump can draw money from his more than 400 businesses, at any time, without disclosing it,” ProPublica explained.  According to ProPublica, this shows “just how little separation there actually is” between the Trump businesses and the U. S. government. To anyone familiar with the blind trust agreements signed by government officials, however, this is nonsense. Almost every trust agreement signed by U. S. government officials authorizes distributions upon request of the official for whom the trust is established. The sample blind trust agreement distributed by the staff of the Senate Ethics Committee is the model document used by senators and their staffs for setting up trusts. It authorizes precisely the kind of requests for distributions that has ProPublica scandalized. Section 7 of the agreement reads: There shall be no direct or indirect communication between an interested party and the Trusteee with respect to the Trust unless —   (A) It related to a request for a distribution from the Trust of cash or other unspecified assets of the trust or  …     Importantly, this is the only form of communication with the Trustee that doesn’t require written disclosure with the Ethics Committee. Just like Trump’s trust, the Senate model trust doesn’t require disclosure of requests for distributions. The Office of Government Ethics, an independent agency within the executive branch, uses very similar language in its model blind trust agreement. SEVENTH: There shall be no direct or indirect communication between an interested party or 21 any representative of an interested party and the Trustee with respect to the Trust unless the 22 communication is in writing and has the prior written approval of the Director, U. S. Office of 23 Government Ethics, and unless it relates only  —   (A) To a request for a distribution of cash or other unspecified assets of the trust  …     There’s a very good reason why both agreements allow government officials to request distributions from their trusts without requiring any prior disclosure: that’s what the law says. The requirements for a blind trust for government officials are set out in the Ethics in Government Act of 1978. The law bars most communications between government officials and their trustees but it explicitly allows for requests for distributions.   …    except for communications which solely consist of requests for distributions of cash or other unspecified assets of the trust, there shall be no direct or indirect communication between the trustee and an interested party with respect to the trust unless such communication is in writing and unless it relates only [to certain permitted topics]. In other words, the authorization of undisclosed requests from distributions in Trump’s trust agreement is fully in keeping with the law and the government’s standard agreements. The small change revealed by ProPublica brought Trump’s trust into further conformity with the trusts used by other government officials and U. S. senators. This is just another Gold Easter Egg: a story that falsely depicts something as a scandal because Trump does it when it is, in fact, totally normal.",0
20100,"Polls are tightening, but is the US presidential election rigged?","Polls are tightening, but is the US presidential election rigged? Polls are tightening, but is the US presidential election rigged? By 0 28 
One of the most important questions is will US Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton rig the election to win the White House like she did in the primaries against Bernie Sanders, asks Myles Hoenig, an American political analyst and activist. 
Recent polls show that Clinton’s national lead over Trump is shrinking as the Election Day is approaching. 
The former secretary of state has the support of 49 percent of likely voters, while the billionaire businessman has 44 percent support, according to the CNN/ORC survey released on Monday. 
Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson has 3 percent support among likely voters, while Green Party nominee Jill Stein has 2 percent support. 
“In every election the race tightens towards the end,” Hoenig told Press TV on Thursday. 
“It’s really hard to imagine that there is any flux in this election as the supporters of both sides absolutely hate the other. With Obama and Romney, or even Gore and Bush, many of…",0
20101,How to Predict Gentrification: Look for Falling Crime - The New York Times,"Everyone has theories for why     professionals are moving back into parts of cities shunned by their parents’ generation. Perhaps their living preferences have shifted. Or the demands of the labor market have, and young adults with less leisure time are loath to waste it commuting. Maybe the tendency to postpone marriage and children has made city living more alluring. Or the benefits of cities themselves have improved. “There are all sorts of potential other amenities, whether it’s cafes, restaurants, bars, nicer parks, better schools,” said Ingrid Gould Ellen, a professor of urban policy and planning at New York University. “But a huge piece of it,” she said, “I think is crime. ” New research that she has conducted alongside Keren Mertens Horn, an economist at the University of Massachusetts in Boston, and Davin Reed, a doctoral student at N. Y. U. finds that when violent crime falls sharply, wealthier and educated people are more likely to move into   and predominantly minority urban neighborhoods. Their working paper suggests that just as rising crime can drive people out of cities, falling crime has a comparable effect, spurring gentrification. And it highlights how, even if many Americans  —   including, by his own words,   Donald Trump  —   inaccurately believe urban violence is soaring, the opposite   trend has brought   change to cities. “We’re trying to help people understand what a dramatic difference the reduction in violent crime in particular has made in our environment,” Ms. Ellen said. “That has repercussions far beyond what we think of. The homicide rate has gone down  —   that’s directly the most important consequence. But there are all sorts of repercussions as well. This really has been a sea change. ” Nationally, violent crime peaked in 1991. It fell precipitously for the next decade, then more slowly through the 2000s (and there’s a whole other set of theories about why that has happened). While homicides have increased recently in some cities, rates remain far below what they were 25 years ago, including in Chicago. (Another    reality check, while we’re at it: Mr. Trump said during the 2016 campaign that homicides in his new home in Washington were rising by 50 percent, apparently citing the previous year’s crime statistics. At that time in July, though, the rate in the city was already falling compared with 2015, and by year’s end, it was down by 17 percent.) The new research looked at confidential geocoded data from the 1990 and 2000 censuses, and more recent American Community Surveys, to identify the neighborhoods where more than four million households moved. Using citywide violent crime data from the F. B. I. the scholars tracked the changing probability of different demographic groups moving into central cities, as opposed to suburbs, as crime fell.   and   movers  —   and to a lesser degree, whites  —   appeared significantly more sensitive to changing crime levels in their housing decisions than other groups.   and minority households, for instance, didn’t become more likely to move to cities as they grew safer. That may reflect the fact, Ms. Ellen suggested, that   families have more experience or confidence in their ability to navigate crime. Or it may suggest that attention to violence is a luxury in housing decisions that the poor and minorities may not have. A household facing racial discrimination, high housing costs or the need to be near supportive family members simply has fewer options  —   and less leeway to be choosy  —   than the     households that this research identifies. “When cities feel safer, that opens people’s eyes,” Ms. Ellen said of the willingness of new groups to consider these neighborhoods. It’s entirely likely that the arrival of more affluent residents affected crime, too  —   either by increasing opportunities for property crime in the short term, or by adding eyes on the street and pressure on the police in the long run. Because this research looked at moves that occurred after crime was already falling, the authors believe the movers were reacting to changes in crime and not simply causing it themselves. But the relationship between crime and gentrification in particular is complex. Wealthier residents may bring new tensions to neighborhoods, fearing  —   and reporting  —   criminal activity where none exists. And such demographic change in cities could play a role in pressuring the police to pursue tactics that feel unduly aggressive to the people who preceded the newcomers. This study also doesn’t offer evidence that existing residents were displaced by the new arrivals. Many of the urban neighborhoods studied had lost population, so they had room to grow again without pushing existing residents out. But the possibility that these trends portend higher housing costs and more housing demand in the future in poorer, minority neighborhoods adds a cautionary note, Ms. Ellen said, to the declining crime trend.",0
20102,"Southern California Fire Flared Up at 5 Acres. A Day Later, It Covered 25,000. - The New York Times","FONTANA, Calif.  —   The fire in Cajon Pass was first reported as a   blaze along a highway 13 miles northeast of San Bernardino. So John McColly went about his business when he saw the smoke from Mountain High, a ski resort to the west of Wrightwood, where he works. Kevin Foree, a roofer working in Bellflower, southwest of the fire, heard about the blaze, but he figured he would have no trouble getting home to Victorville, to the northeast. But the speed of the Blue Cut Fire stunned even experienced fire officials. Fed by a buffet of shrubs squeezed of moisture and coaxed by the wind, the flames roared through 2, 500 acres, then 6, 500 acres in a matter of hours. Evacuations were ordered and major highways, including the interstate that links Los Angeles and Las Vegas, began to close. That, Mr. McColly said, was a signal that it was “time to go. ” The ski resort’s 40 or so employees joined thousands of other residents  —   many with their vehicles packed with whatever fit  —   fleeing the onrushing flames. About 82, 000 residents in an estimated 34, 500 homes were ordered to evacuate. By Wednesday, the fire had consumed more than 25, 000 acres, burning houses, businesses and outbuildings in its wake. (The official measurement lowered the estimate from about 30, 000 acres earlier in the day.) It was still raging out of control late in the day, and officials were warning residents to prepare for the worst. “There will be a lot of families that come home to nothing,” said Mark Hartwig, the San Bernardino County fire chief. Mr. Foree, a transplant from Northern California, was stuck overnight in a Red Cross shelter here. On Wednesday, still wearing his khaki shorts and work boots, he worried that his mother would run low on medication before he could get home. He marveled at the fire, which he said had taken even seasoned locals like his girlfriend’s family by surprise. “They have never seen anything like this,” he said. Mr. McColly, like many other evacuees from Wrightwood, found safety by heading west toward Pasadena. At midday Wednesday, the resort was still not threatened by the fire. Fire officials warned on Wednesday that explosive fires like this one were becoming more common. “It’s to the point where explosive fire growth is the new normal this year, and that’s a challenge for all of us to take on,” said Glenn Barley, the San Bernardino unit chief of the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, also known as CalFire. The fire has been a jolt during a fire season that has been quieter than usual nationwide. Experts said this season has had about a quarter fewer fires start and acres burn for this point in the year. Nevertheless, several recently ignited wildfires are burning in California, although they have not moved as quickly as Blue Cut. The Chimney Fire, which began on Saturday, has burned 7, 300 acres in San Luis Obispo and was 25 percent contained. The Clayton Fire, near Lower Lake in Northern California, started the same day, and has burned nearly 4, 000 acres. It was 40 percent contained. And the Soberanes Fire, in Monterey County, has burned almost 80, 000 acres over nearly two months. The enduring drought may have played a role here, even as relief comes elsewhere. “You’ve had three, four years of drought that’s been going on, so the conditions in the mountains are just prime for a large fire,” said David Simeral, a climatologist and an author for the United States Drought Monitor. “You’ve got all the dry fuels, low humidity and winds, it’s a formula for fires spreading quickly. ” Richard Minnich, a professor in the department of earth sciences at the University of California, Riverside, said it was not so much the   drought, but the weather of the day  —   coupled with a prevailing fire management strategy in which, he said, small fires are knocked down quickly but larger ones can grow more out of control  —   that had driven the fire. The low humidity, Mr. Minnich said, had dried out shrubs and bushes  —   known as chaparral  —   making them as flammable as a carpet. “It’s got a reputation for burning explosively,” he said of the chaparral, adding, “As soon as it’s blowing up like that, the capacity to stop the fire goes to zero. ” What no one disputes, however, is that, in less than 24 hours, the fire had turned people’s lives upside down. Outside the shelter here, Cathleen Coakley, 54, stood with her two small dogs. Sheriff’s deputies had canvassed her neighborhood in Lytle Creek on Tuesday, ordering everyone to leave, and she left almost everything behind, including five more dogs and five cats. “I want to go home. I want to check on my animals,” she said. “You just have to have faith that you will have a home to go to. ”",0
20103,"Welcome Back to a Bipolar World, Courtesy of a Moscow-Beijing-Tehran Axis - Federico Pieraccini","Welcome Back to a Bipolar World, Courtesy of a Moscow-Beijing-Tehran Axis 
America's 'unipolar moment' is over, but the long-awaited 'multipolar world' isn't quite yet here either Originally appeared at Strategic Culture Foundation 

The transition in the international order, from a pre-WWI multipolar world to a post-WWII bipolar world, cost humanity a world war involving millions of deaths. The next stage, distinct from the conflicts between the USSR and the US, ended with the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, but without the tragedy of direct confrontation. This fundamental historical difference has its own intrinsic logic governing the relationship of forces between powers. The USSR was a country in decline, unable to continue its role on the international stage as the premier anti-hegemonic power. 
The transition from a bipolar to a unipolar reality could have had nuclear consequences, but an agreement between the powers avoided this danger. The upshot was an unconditional surrender of the USSR, with catastrophic consequences in economic and cultural terms for the superpower to come to terms with, but at least without the explosion of a large-scale conflict. 
With the end of the bipolar model, however, began what some historians declared to be the « end of history »: the transition from a multipolar world, to a bipolar world, to end in a unipolar world. From the point of view of Washington, the story ended with only one global power remaining, thereby granting the United States the power to decide matters for the whole world. 
The scenario in which we live today, in terms of international law and the balance of forces, is almost unprecedented in history if looked at in the present context. It is true that the current transition from a unipolar to a multipolar reality is something similar to what has been seen in previous decades, with the transition from British hegemony in the late-nineteenth century to a multipolar situation in the period preceding the two world wars. Nevertheless, resorting to this historical analogy is difficult, given the relative absence of international rules compared to a century ago. Therefore it is difficult to use the earlier transition period to make assumptions about future trends. 
The causes of change 
The attitude of the US over the last 25 years has been focused completely on the achievement of global hegemony. The dream of having control over every event, in every corner of the world, has ironically led to accelerating the end of America’s unipolar moment. Of course the deep meaning of the word ""control"" can be expanded upon, examining the merits of the cultural, economic and military impositions that result from a constant quest for global domination . 
The US has chosen an impassable road that is full of contradictions to justify their rise as a global power. In two decades we have witnessed the dismantling of all the key principles of the balance of power between Russia and the United States, necessitating the change in international relations from unipolar to multipolar. Similarly, the ratio of economic and military power between China and the United States has significantly worsened, culminating in the dangerous dispute over the South China Sea. The abandonment of the Kissinger doctrine governing relations with Beijing, and the failure of the Clinton reset with Moscow, have pushed two global powers, Russia and China, to forge an alliance that allows for a world where there are more powers on the international stage and not just Washington as the central focus of global relations. 
The failure of the foreign doctrine of the United States was a direct consequence of the arrogance and the utopia of being able to dominate the planet, seeking to extend indefinitely the unipolar moment and forging a worldwide system culturally and economically based on the will of Washington, reinforced by a power and military posture without precedent. 
Consequences 
Had Washington thought more carefully about the consequences of their actions, and thereby employed a more considered strategic vision, it would certainly have opted for different choices. As a demonstration of this, we note Washington’s attitude in the Middle East, the deciding ground for prospects of continued US global hegemony. 
Much of Washington’s remaining capacity to influence global decisions is attributable to the dollar and the trading of goods such as oil in that currency. With the appearance of a world with more regional or global powers, it is easy to guess that the rise of the Iranian Republic has consequences for the whole of the Middle East region. The odds are evident that Tehran, culturally, economically and militarily, will be the first regional power. Washington has realized this and has decided to reach an agreement with the Islamic Republic in order to remain relevant in the region and not to be cut off from future agreements. Washington also seeks, in doing so, to counterbalance the situation with her most influential regional allies, Saudi Arabia and Qatar. 
It is a strategy that in the Middle East has had a negative impact in the immediate present for Riyadh, Doha, and in some ways even Ankara, who have all opted for an autonomous and interventionist approach in the region without much consultation with Washington. Nevertheless, the choice to include Iran as a dialogue partner for the Middle East balance has allowed Washington to conserve the illusion that in the future it will maintain an important role in regional decisions. This is a decision that has created many problems with historic allies, but Washington hopes, with a view to the future, to have made an appropriate choice. This also explains why so many of the neoconservatives and liberals (the promoters of a prolonged unipolar doctrine, the cause of so many failures ) are clearly opposed to this agreement. 
Washington and its establishment have opted for a cultural and economic confrontation with Moscow, possibly militarily with Beijing in the South China Sea, in the process impelling the emergence of a multipolar world in which more powers have the ability, by joining together, to resist the will of the greater global power. In fact, it is easier to frame the international balance in a multipolar model that is slowly becoming bipolar. 
We consider that Russia and China (and to a lesser extent Iran) do not possess the military capability to successfully oppose American power in a conventional conflict on a grand scale. For this reason, it is easy to understand that shaping a multipolar international order perhaps remains quite optimistic at this time. It is similarly optimistic to maintain a unipolar world order that remains anchored in the illusions of the American elite. 
Reality rather shows us a bipolar world, where the alternative pole to the US is represented by the union and alliances (cultural, economic and military) of Beijing, Moscow and Tehran. And their partnership has resulted in a change in the pattern of international relations. The cause of this union is to be found in the will of the US elites to prolong their unipolar moment. Instead of opting for an agreement with another global power (probably China) and seal the international stage in a realistic model with two poles, facing no real opposition, Washington has exacerbated the differences by pushing countries like Russia, China, Iran and India closer and closer together, forging what currently might be termed a temporary bipolar model of world order. 
The certainty is that the future will turn fully into a multipolar model, and this obliges Washington to struggle in every way possible to remain relevant. To date, apart from nuclear agreements, every choice has been counterproductive and wrong. Will Washington’s elites ever learn, or will they eventually become irrelevant?  ",0
20104,"Trump: ’We’re Doing Very Well in Iraq,’ U.S. Troops ’Fighting Like Never Before’","On Tuesday, President Trump told a group of senators gathered for a White House reception that “we’re doing very well in Iraq” where “our soldiers are fighting like never before. ” He said this assessment was based on a long telephone call with Secretary of Defense James Mattis. [Trump’s comments were interpreted by some critics as a slam against the American troops who fought in the Iraq War  —   if they are “fighting like never before” now, the argument goes, Trump must think the soldiers deployed to Iraq in the Bush administration were not fighting so hard.  White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer addressed this criticism on Wednesday, saying President Trump was referring to “progress, particularly in Mosul, the way that they have taken back that city. ” “I think that for a long time, there was a lot of concern about Iran moving in and dominating parts of Iraq,” Spicer continued. “I think with the advice and consent of U. S. military advisers, there’s been tremendous progress at moving Iraq forward to an area of stability, and continuing to see the troops there in Iraq standing on their own. ” Spicer said the president pleased with the action that General Mattis and our soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines are taking to do that. ” “He was very proud of the work that our soldiers are doing over there in Iraq. There is a lot of work, and a lot of progress that is being made,” said Spicer. “The fight against ISIS is going extremely well, and he’s proud of it. ” Critics of Trump’s fight against ISIS dwell on mounting civilian casualties and confusion in Iraq’s military ranks, but Doyle McManus at the L. A. Times wrote on Wednesday that Trump “may actually win the war against the Islamic State”: Under Obama, who waged a “light footprint” strategy with minimal U. S. troops, Islamic State lost most of the territory it once held in Iraq and almost a third of what it held in Syria. But taking the extremist group’s most important strongholds, Mosul in Iraq and Raqqah in Syria, was taking longer. Enter Trump. The new president, after claiming he had a secret plan to win the war, told his generals to give him one in 30 days. They responded with an outline  —   a “skeleton plan,” in the words of Defense Secretary James N. Mattis  —   that could be described as Obama Plus: more bombing, more troops, fewer restrictions on commanders. “The Obama strategy wasn’t failing, but it was slow,” James F. Jeffrey, a former ambassador (and former Army officer) who’s advising the administration, told me. “This is more  —   not only more troops, but more willingness to use them. It’s a change of maybe 20% but it’s an important 20%. ” McManus notes the task at hand is more complex than Trump’s campaign rhetoric about “bombing the s**t out of them,” blowing up “every single inch” of the Islamic State and then bringing in oil companies to rebuild from the ruins. He gives Defense Secretary Mattis credit for influencing White House policy, which now appears to envision aggressive military victory over ISIS, followed by an extended troop commitment to achieve “stabilization. ”",0
20105,"As The Monetary Madness Continues, What Is Happening Is Stunning…","5   King World News 
As the monetary madness continues around the globe continues, what is happening is stunning. 
Here is a portion of what Peter Boockvar wrote as the world awaits the next round of monetary madness: Coincident with the spike in Treasury yields, bankrate(dot)com said the average 30 yr mortgage rate rose another 11 bps yesterday to 3.88%, up 41 bps over the past week. It’s the highest since early January and here is a chart giving the visual of the rapidity of the move… IMPORTANT… To find out which company is set to become one of the highest grade producing gold mines on the planet CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
I look forward to seeing mortgage applications tomorrow to see the initial response. To quantify, at last Monday’s 30 yr rate of 3.47%, a $300k mortgage would have a monthly payment of $1,342.12. At the 3.88% rate, the monthly payment would increase by about $70 to $1,411.57, a 5.2% increase. 
The cost of capital is of course going up across the board and while I’m optimistic about growth initiatives to come, we’ve got to get past the move higher in rates because business activity and asset price gains have been built on the foundation of low rates over the past 7 years (as in the prior expansion). The US and the world also have an extraordinary amount of debt that has accumulated which has created the dangerous tinder for this rise in interest rates. 
King World News note: Mortgage rates based on the 10-Year Treasury have been headed dramatically higher as bonds plunge (see crashing chart below). 10-Year Treasuries Continue To Plunge As Interest Rates Rise 
King World News note: To illustrate how dramatically this has impacted mortgage rates, Wells Fargo’s posted rates for a 30-year conforming loan have risen in the past couple of weeks from 3.5% to 4.25%! That’s 3/4 of a point higher in just a couple of weeks. This will not bode well for the real estate market if the trend in higher interest rates continues. 
***   Hi-Yo Silver!  ",0
20106,Breitbart News Releases e-Book: ’The First 100 Days of Trump’,"Breitbart News has released a new   The First 100 Days of Trump, providing a concise yet comprehensive summary of each day’s events at the outset of the 45th presidency. [Written by Breitbart Senior    Joel B. Pollak, the     offers readers an overview of an historic, and often controversial, administration  —   from the early slew of executive orders, to the confirmation battle over Neil Gorsuch, to the air strike against Syria, and beyond.    the Trump administration’s dramatic start, and have the facts at your disposal as you consider its progress so far and its prospects for the future. Click the following link to download the   for free: Breitbart Special Report: The First 100 Days of Trump",0
20107,Four Prominent Suffragist Grave Sites in the Bronx Anticipating a Surge in Visitors This Election Day - The New York Times,"Susan B. Anthony’s grave site, in Rochester, is a perennial destination for women celebrating their freedom to vote, but on Election Day, Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx would like to remind New Yorkers to share the love. At Woodlawn, the grave sites of four other prominent suffragists could use some “I Voted” stickers, like those dotting Anthony’s grave, David Ison, the cemetery’s executive director, said on Monday. The cemetery will even provide the stickers. The idea for turning the sites into    destinations came this year after seeing the popularity of Anthony’s grave site grow on social media, Mr. Ison said. The need for some positive messaging after a bruising election season was also important. “We thought, ‘We’re going to do something that’s not all about Trump and all about Clinton,’” Mr. Ison said. On Election Day, visitors will be encouraged to leave their stickers on cardboard signs next to the grave sites of four suffragists buried in Woodlawn: Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Anthony’s friend and a   of the National Woman Suffrage Association Carrie Chapman Catt, who founded the League of Women Voters and who is buried next to Mary Garrett Hay, who assisted and advised her and Alva Vanderbilt Belmont, a multimillionaire who gave her opinions and her money to the movement. On Monday, as the sun was setting and shadows turned the cemetery chilly, the site of Stanton’s grave was lonely. About 15 “I Voted” stickers were posted near the family monument. A single sticker for Hillary Clinton, the country’s first female presidential nominee from a major party, who has nodded to the suffragists’ legacy throughout her campaign, was also posted. Only one visitor passed by, a man who called out “not yet” to a reporter’s remark that no sticker for Mrs. Clinton’s opponent, Donald J. Trump, had been posted. The graves of the three other suffragists were also deserted. The quiet display is in contrast to reports from the resting place of Susan B. Anthony, where women approach every few minutes with their daughters, friends and mothers. This year, the Mount Hope Cemetery in Rochester anticipates so many visitors that it said it would be open extended hours on Election Day to allow voters the opportunity to swing by and leave a sticker. Barbara Selesky, Woodlawn’s director of marketing, said on Tuesday that the cemetery would extend its visiting days, inviting people to leave their “I Voted” stickers until Sunday. For visitors who make the trek to the Bronx, the crew at Woodlawn asks just one thing: Please keep the stickers off the granite. The museum has put up a display next to the tombstone where visitors can leave stickers and other sticky mementos. “Stickers on graves have become a problem,” Susan Olsen, the cemetery’s historian, said. “It’s love and it’s honoring, but it just causes problems. ” At Woodlawn, a cemetery roughly half the size of Central Park, the legacy of four prominent suffragists competes for the limelight with several more famous neighbors, including Miles Davis, Celia Cruz and Herman Melville. When asked to explain the difference in popularity, Mr. Ison and Ms. Olsen both joked in unison, “There’s nothing else to do in Rochester. ” (Also, they said, Anthony was on the $1 coin.) But if the work of the suffragists has taught us anything, it’s that Stanton and Anthony might not have seen this as a competition. In a way, it may be fitting of how they saw their different legacies: Stanton, a married mother of seven who lived in New York, supplied speech material and support as Anthony traveled extensively as a public face of the movement. “They saw their relationship very clearly,” Ms. Olsen, Woodlawn’s historian, said. “She’s in the metropolis, and Anthony goes all over the place. They were brilliant as far as how their partnership worked. ” Neither woman lived to see the ratification of the 19th Amendment in 1920. In Stanton’s obituary, published in The New York Times in 1902, Anthony fondly recalled their dynamic, saying, “She forged the thunderbolts and I fired them. ”",0
20108,"Immigration, Milo Yiannopoulos: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The Trump administration detailed plans to deport millions of immigrants, a major shift in enforcement policy that is expected to face resistance from many states and dozens of   sanctuary cities. The new Homeland Security rules authorize the expulsion of undocumented immigrants who commit even minor offenses, and make it easier to deport people immediately. This is how deportation works, step by step. Immigration will be high on the agenda as Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson and the secretary of homeland security, John F. Kelly, visit Mexico this week. _____  2. President Trump spoke out for the first time about the rise in incidents and threats targeting Jews and Jewish institutions, calling   “horrible,” and “painful. ” He said the venue for his comments, the National Museum of African American History and Culture, was “a meaningful reminder of why we have to fight bigotry, intolerance and hatred in all of its very ugly forms. ” A day earlier, his daughter Ivanka Trump, who has converted to Judaism, called for protections as nearly a dozen Jewish community centers across the country received bomb threats by phone. Above, a Jewish cemetery in St. Louis where nearly 200 headstones were toppled over the weekend. _____ 3. Republicans home for the congressional recess have been greeted with an earful at town   meetings. Those who scheduled no meetings faced criticism that they were ducking constituents. In Iowa, a pig farmer (and Democrat) furious over the possible repeal of Obamacare gave Senator Charles Grassley a bottle of Tums. “You’re going to need ’em the next few years,” he said, drawing laughs from the crowd. _____ 4. Milo Yiannopoulos, the   provocateur who incited a storm of criticism for condoning sex with boys, left Breitbart News. His explanation of the comments, in a video that surfaced over the weekend, as “British sarcasm, provocation and gallows humor” appeared to sway few. He also lost a book deal and a speaking engagement at the Conservative Political Action Conference. _____ 5. A riot in an immigrant neighborhood in Sweden was seized upon by Trump supporters as validation of his claims  —   based on a Fox News feature  —   that the European country had experienced a surge in crime and violence linked to refugees. Preliminary statistics do not show a major increase in crime from 2015, when Sweden processed a record 163, 000 asylum applications, to 2016, and Mr. Trump’s assertions baffled Swedes. The country’s interior minister said of the clash that making “suburbs and socially vulnerable areas safer” could “get a little messy. ” _____ 6. Trinidad and Tobago is scrambling to stop young Muslims from going to Syria to take up arms for the Islamic State. Per capita, the Caribbean island nation has the largest number of foreign fighters from the Western Hemisphere who have joined the militant group, according to John L. Estrada, a former U. S. ambassador there. “Trinidadians do very well with ISIL,” he said. “They are high up in the ranks, they are very respected and they are  . ISIL have used them for propaganda to spread their message through the Caribbean. ” _____ 7. Political dissent is simmering in the art world. More than 65 writers, artists and actors published an open letter opposing Mr. Trump’s efforts to bar people from seven predominantly Muslim countries. And if history is any guide, at least some of the stars at the Oscars this Sunday will criticize Mr. Trump’s approach to immigration and other issues. Above, Meryl Streep’s impassioned speech at the Golden Globes. _____ 8. Mardi Gras is next Tuesday, and a small family brewery in the bayou country of southern Louisiana is ready. Bayou Teche Brewing, known for some of the most distinctive craft beers in the United States, is preparing a special drink for the old Cajun version of the holiday. Men dress in handmade costumes and traverse town on horseback, begging for ingredients for a communal gumbo. The beer  —   wheaty, slightly hoppy and high in alcohol  —   pairs well with the gumbo, and the style is celebratory, for the arrival of spring. _____ 9. Scientists are suddenly questioning how well we know our cosmos. Recent measurements of the distances and velocities of faraway galaxies don’t agree with a   “standard model” of the cosmos that has prevailed for the past two decades. One expert said the news, while disruptive, could be “just what the younger generation wants  —   a chance for big discoveries, new insights and breakthroughs. ” _____ 10. Finally, we’ve been rummaging through our archive of 165 years of Times wedding announcements. To conclude the project, we offer this vision of what we might be printing (O. K. publishing on some kind of futuristic platform) 165 years from now: “At first I was just attracted to how hot he looked in his robokini,” Ms. Bezos said. “I’m looking forward to being together for all the years and software upgrades to come. ” _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s Friday’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
20109,Former Egyptian Ambassador: Trump Should Undo Obama’s Sponsorship of Muslim Brotherhood,"TEL AVIV  —   President Abdel Fatah Sisi’s visit to the United States later this month will be an opportunity to undermine the Muslim Brotherhood’s standing in Washington, a former Egyptian ambassador to the US said. [Abdel Raouf   told Egyptian paper Alshorouk that “  relations are entering a new phase, and the degree of their success relies on Egyptian efforts. ”  “Presidents Trump and Sisi can break the ice created during the Obama administration,” he said. “Without doing injustice to Obama, he adopted the ideology of the Muslim Brotherhood. ” He added that during Obama’s presidency, “the Muslim Brotherhood shifted their international center of gravity from London to Washington. In recent years the Muslim Brotherhood penetrated American institutions and think tanks, and disseminated their ideology as an alternative to extremism. ” The Muslim Brotherhood forged ideas and promoted people “that were recruited even by the National Security Council, and from there they disseminated the marketable view that their Islamic model is a moderate one that serves as a counterweight to terror and extremism, and this view found resonance in the United States. ” Conversely, the former ambassador said, “Egypt should distance itself from the concept of an Islamic international, i. e. advocate a democratic   modern and   that steers clear of extremism, and separates church and state. ” Sisi’s visit will be an “important opportunity to lay out Egypt’s vision for the region, especially after years of cool relations [with the US],”   said. “I think Trump is a president with original ideas, and what characterizes him is his ability to champion them bravely and resolutely. ”",0
20110,UMass students hold ‘sh*t-in’ for gender-neutral bathrooms,"Posted 11/16/2016 2:11 pm by PatriotRising with 0 comments Students at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst are staging a week-long “shit-in,” occupying restrooms in an administration building to demand more gender-neutral facilities. Gender Liberation UMass, the student group behind the demonstration, announced Tuesday that administrators had “tentatively agreed to progressive ‘benchmarks’ put forth by organizers,” but urges supporters to remain on-call. 
Students at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst are staging a week-long “shit-in,” occupying restrooms in an administration building to demand more gender-neutral facilities. 

The “ Shit-In at Whitmore ” demonstration began Monday morning at the Whitmore Administration building (which the activists have nicknamed “Queermore”), and organizers intend to have students continue occupying stalls in the building’s male and female restrooms until their demands are met, though the Facebook event specifies a Friday afternoon ending. 

“Maybe [administrators] will feel a little bit as anxious as trans students do just trying to pee on campus.” Tweet This 

Gender Liberation UMass (GLU), a student group at UMass, is responsible for organizing the event, and provides an online sign-up form for supporters to stake out specific times and locations, giving them the option of stating whether they prefer to be along in a stall or to share one with “other sitters.” 

The primary goal of the protest is to convince the administration to convert additional bathrooms on campus into gender-neutral facilities by changing the signage, which the group believes will promote “trans inclusivity and safety on campus,” but GLU has also articulated two additional demands, pledging to continue obstructing toilets until all three are met. 

In addition to gender-neutral restrooms, the group is calling for the “advancement of medically and socially competent in-house transgender health services at the University Health Services center,” as well as the “hiring of a professor by the WGSS [Women, Gender, and Sexuality Studies Department] who is an expert in the field of critical transmisogyny from an intersectional perspective.” 
Divest UMass, a student environmentalist group, released a statement on its Facebook page expressing solidarity with the GLU protesters 

“These demands are elementary, and it is disappointing that UMass has failed to meet the needs of trans and gender non-conforming students to date. The administration must seriously put a plan into action to de-gender its facilities,” the message declares. “In the meantime, maybe they will feel a little bit as anxious as trans students do just trying to pee on the campus they pay tuition to every single day.” 

Although the objectives of Divest UMass are not directly related to those being pursued by GLU, but leaders of the Divest group explained their interest in the “shit-in” by asserting that all progressive causes are interrelated, saying, “There can be no climate justice without gender justice. There can no be gender justice without racial justice. There can no be racial justice without economic justice. There can be no economic justice without social justice.” 

Within a day of the restroom occupation starting, GLU announced that it had secured a meeting with Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs Enku Gelaye on Tuesday morning to discuss its demands, and subsequently reported Tuesday evening that administrators had “tentatively agreed to progressive ‘benchmarks’ put forth by organizers.” 

“The administration is definitely listening and the tones of our conversation have changed quite a bit,” one GLU member told Campus Reform , though the group is cautioning its supporters to remain prepared, because “the need for action may arise at any moment.” 

“Changing the signage really is not very expensive, and I don’t want to talk bad about the administration here, but that’s one of the things we’ve had to go back and forth about, is this idea of the cost of it,” another GLU member added. “I and other members of GLU think the numbers they have proposed for what it would cost to change the signage are way beyond what it would really be.” 

UMass Executive Director of Strategic Communications Ed Blaguszewski, however, told Campus Reform that the university is committed to expanding the availability of gender-neutral restrooms, making no mention of cost concerns while asserting that university officials would continue to meet regularly with transgender students to discuss their concerns. 

“Currently, there are more than 200 gender-inclusive, single-user restrooms on campus, and during the coming year more than 50 will be added, either by construction or by converting single-user ‘Men’ or ‘Women’ facilities to ‘Restrooms,’” he explained, adding that “All new construction and major renovations on campus will include gender-inclusive restrooms.",0
20111,Breaking: The FBI Is Reviewing News Emails In Clinton Scandal Just 11 Days Before Election,FBI Director James Comey told Congress on Friday that the bureau intends to investigate new emails that they were made aware of to determine if there is any classified information in them. In the... ,0
20112,This is the Man Militarized Police at Standing Rock are Working For,"This is the Man Militarized Police at Standing Rock are Working For Nov 15, 2016 0 0 
The months long Dakota Access Keystone XL pipleine protest at the Standing Rock Indian Reservation by Native Americans and those sympathetic to protection of our water supply has been met with heavy-handed and brutal clamp down by police and national guard. Militarized goons in battle dress have stormed protector camps with LRAD sonic weapons, attack dogs , tear gas, tazers , and even live ammunition ( killing horses ), while politicians and mainstream media do their best to ignore this growing atrocity, hoping to wait it out until the protestors give up. 
But, as the saying goes, Water Is Life , and the issue of life and death is at the root of this protection movement, therefore, for people concerned with life, giving up on this is simply unthinkable. The root issue justifying state oppression of the protest is capitalism, and the perception that money is more important than life itself. When the police and national guard attack U.S. citizens on private property to protect corporate interests, who are they really working for? 
The corporate dream of the Keystone XL pipeline is to create a profit stream for a small number of people at the expense of the natural world and anyone in the way. At the top of this pyramid of profit is Texas billionaire Kelcy Warren, CEO of Energy Transfer Partners, the company responsible for the project. 
So who is Kelcy Warren? 
A native of East Texas and graduate of the University of Texas at Arlington with a degree in civil engineering, Warren worked in the natural gas industry and became co-chair of Energy Transfer Equity in 2007. With business partner Ray Davis, co-owner of the Texas Rangers baseball team, Warren built Energy Transfer Equity into one of the nation’s largest pipeline companies, which now owns about 71,000 miles of pipelines carrying natural gas, natural gas liquids, refined products and crude oil. The company’s holdings include Sunoco, Southern Union and Regency Energy Partners. 
Forbes estimates the 60-year-old Warren’s personal wealth at $4 billion. Bloomberg described him as “among America’s new shale tycoons” — but rather than building a fortune by drilling he “takes the stuff others pull from underground and moves it from one place to another, chilling, boiling, pressurizing, and processing it until it’s worth more than when it burst from the wellhead.” [ Source ] 
Shockingly, in 2015 the governor of Texas, Greg Abbott, appointed Warren to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Commission which is an insult to environmentalists working to protect Big Bend National Park and surrounding sacred tribal lands from another $770 million pipeline project . 
“According to the governor’s office, the state parks and wildlife commission “manages and conserves the natural and cultural resources of Texas,” along with ensuring the future of hunting, fishing and outdoor recreation opportunities for Texans.” [ Source ] 
This glaring conflict of interest has inspired Environmental Science major at UTSA and former Texas State Park Ambassador Andrew Lucas to begin a drive to have Warren removed from this environmental post. His petition is described here : 
Most people may know Kelcy Warren as the man behind the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline. The Dallas-based billionaire and CEO of Energy Transfer Partners has been making headlines for fast-tracking a 1100 mile crude oil pipeline across the Midwest and under the Missouri River, just north of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. No environmental impact assessment, no respect for cultural sites, and no regard for the local and widespread communities living along the river. A similar story is unfolding out in West Texas, where Warren’s company has split through the pristine Big Bend region with the 200 mile Comanche Trail Pipeline and nearly-complete 143 mile Trans Pecos Pipeline. These Pipelines mark the way for massive natural gas and oil developments in the Trans Pecos region. 
With untold damages unfolding for cultural and environmental resources at the hands of Energy Transfer Partners, it would surprise most to know that nearly a year ago, Texas Governor Greg Abbott appointed Kelcy Warren for a 6 year term as 1 of the 10 commissioners who preside over Texas Parks And Wildlife… Why? Probably the $550,000 in campaign contributions Abbott received from Warren. 
Footage of militarized police using the Long Range Acoustic Device ( LRAD ) crowd control weapon against protectors at standing rock on October 27th, 2016: Final Thoughts 
Warren is listed as number 150 on Forbes list of wealthiest Americans with an estimated net worth of $4.2 billion in September of 2016. He is the head of the Dakota Access Pipeline snake. 
If you are scratching your head wondering why militarized police and private security contractors are beating, gassing and attacking peaceful resistors, including women, children and the elderly, the answer is, they are doing it to protect the interests of Kelcy Warren and others invested in this pipeline project. 
About the Author 
Isaac Davis is a staff writer for WakingTimes.com and OffgridOutpost.com Survival Tips blog. He is an outspoken advocate of liberty and of a voluntary society. He is an avid reader of history and passionate about becoming self-sufficient to break free of the control matrix. Follow him on Facebook, here . This article ( This is the Man Militarized Police at Standing Rock are Working For ) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Isaac Davis and WakingTimes.com . Vote Up",0
20113,Jury Deadlocks in Trial of Ex-Officer in Killing of Unarmed Black Driver in Cincinnati - The New York Times,"The murder trial of a white former University of Cincinnati police officer in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black driver last year ended in a mistrial on Saturday after the jurors told the judge they were unable to reach a verdict. The jurors first informed the judge on Friday that they were deadlocked, but they were told to continue deliberations. On Saturday morning, the judge declared a mistrial. Officer Ray Tensing fatally shot Samuel DuBose, 43, during a traffic stop as Mr. DuBose started to drive off. Mr. Tensing, 26, claimed that he felt that Mr. Dubose’s car was dragging him and that he fired at him because he feared he would be run over. The encounter was captured on video and set off protests. Mr. Tensing was charged with murder and voluntary manslaughter. A murder conviction  —   which requires jurors to find that he had intentionally killed Mr. DuBose  —   carries a sentence of 15 years to life in prison. A conviction on voluntary manslaughter  —   which requires them to find that he acted in a fit of rage or sudden passion  —   carries a sentence of up to five years. The jury of 10 whites and two blacks began deliberating just after noon on Wednesday. On July 19, 2015, Mr. Tensing pulled over Mr. Dubose’s 1998 Honda Accord a few blocks south of campus for having no front license plate.   video released by prosecutors shows Mr. Tensing asking Mr. DuBose for his license and Mr. DuBose eventually acknowledging he does not have one with him. Mr. DuBose shows the officer the missing license plate in his glove box. After the officer starts to open the driver’s door, Mr. DuBose pulls it closed and restarts the car. In several chaotic seconds, the engine can be heard revving, the officer reaches into the car with one hand, yells “stop” twice, and draws and fires his gun once with the other hand. Mr. DuBose, a father of 12 with a previous conviction for selling marijuana, was shot in the head. The authorities said that several bags of marijuana and more than $2, 500 in cash were found in the car. His license had been suspended indefinitely months before. The shooting  —   then the latest in a string of police killings of unarmed blacks, including ones in Staten Island, Cleveland, Baltimore and Ferguson, Mo.  —   caused an immediate uproar. Ten days later, Mr. Tensing was indicted on murder charges as the Hamilton County prosecutor, Joseph T. Deters, called the episode a “senseless, asinine shooting. ” At demonstrations across the country, protesters chanted, “I am Sam DuBose. ” Mr. Tensing was fired after the indictment. A report by a   firm hired by the university said that the video showed that Mr. Tensing was not being dragged, that the car had barely moved before the gunshot was fired and that Mr. Tensing had made several critical errors  —   including drawing his gun and reaching into the car. In January, the university agreed to pay $4. 85 million to Mr. Dubose’s family and provide an undergraduate education to his 12 children. At trial, prosecutors and their expert witnesses told jurors that the video showed that Mr. Tensing was not being dragged. Mr. Tensing, who had four years of law enforcement service with various departments, testified on Tuesday that his arm was caught inside Mr. DuBose’s car as it began to move and that he feared for his life. Regardless of what the video showed, Mr. Tensing’s lawyer said, the officer had the “perception” that he was being dragged and fired in  .",0
20114,North Korean Leader’s Top Enforcer Is Now the One Getting Purged - The New York Times,"SEOUL, South Korea  —   The chief of North Korea’s powerful secret police, long considered the   man for the top leader, Kim   has been dismissed on charges of corruption and abuse of power, the South Korean government said on Friday. The firing of the chief, Gen. Kim   as minister of state security highlights the turmoil that has engulfed the upper reaches of Mr. Kim’s government. The general is the latest in a series of   party and military officials Mr. Kim has fired, demoted or executed as he tried to consolidate his totalitarian power through what South Korean officials and North Korean defectors have called a “reign of terror. ” General Kim was fired in   after he was demoted to a   general from a   one, said Jeong   a spokesman for the South’s Unification Ministry. The general’s surprise downfall was the latest indication that even top lieutenants are at risk as Mr. Kim has rival agencies monitor one another to detect and punish any sign of disrespect or disloyalty. Until his dismissal, General Kim had been Mr. Kim’s chief henchman in purging potential enemies. “Kim   has been a key aide to Kim   and has buttressed his reign of terror,” Mr. Jeong said. “His dismissal could further deepen unrest among officials and add to the instability of the regime by weakening its control on the people. ” Mr. Jeong said General Kim was accused of corruption and held responsible for various human rights violations, including torture, committed at his agency. But other political machinations could be at play behind the dismissal, Mr. Jeong said, citing speculation about a rivalry among different power centers. Mr. Jeong noted that the dismissal resulted from an investigation by another powerful agency, the Organization and Guidance Department of the governing Workers’ Party of North Korea. The department supervises all state agencies and is reportedly directly overseen by Mr. Kim. “The Organization and Guidance Department is conducting an intensive investigation of Kim   and the Ministry of State Security, so the level of punishment and the number of people affected could be expanded,” Mr. Jeong said, without disclosing how the South Korean government learned of the reported purge transpiring inside a secretive regime. The Ministry of State Security, which serves as the secret police and intelligence agency in the North, is one of the most feared tools of government there, responsible for arresting dissidents and running a network of prison gulags. When Mr. Kim executed his own uncle and No. 2 official, Jang   on charges of factionalism, corruption and plotting to overthrow his government in 2013, it was General Kim’s ministry that arrested and   Mr. Jang. Since taking power after the death of his father in 2011, Mr. Kim has frequently reshuffled the party and military elites as he has moved swiftly to establish his monolithic authority in North Korea, which his family has ruled for seven decades. Mr. Kim has executed at least 140 senior officials, usually killing them with machine guns and even flamethrowers, according to the Institute for National Security Strategy, a think tank affiliated with the South’s National Intelligence Service. Thae   who was the North’s No. 2 diplomat in London until his defection to South Korea last summer, said he fled partly because of Mr. Kim’s reign of terror. General Kim, 71, served in various top military positions under Mr. Kim, said Cheong   a senior analyst at the Sejong Institute, a South Korea research organization. He had been the top political officer of the North’s People’s Army and chief of its general staff, as well as its minister of armed forces. Purges and executions remain an important feature of political life in the North. In 2015, South Korean officials said that Gen. Hyon   the defense minister, was executed with an antiaircraft gun in Pyongyang, the North’s capital, after he dozed off during military events and   Mr. Kim’s orders. In August, they said Mr. Kim had found fault with a deputy premier’s “disrespectful posture” during a meeting and had him executed by a firing squad.",0
20115,Florida: Taco Trucks Used to “Lure” Democrat Voters to Polls,"Information Liberation October 26, 2016 
Video out of Florida shows the Clinton machine is busing people to the polls and luring them to vote using taco trucks. 
Now we know what the DNC meant when they said they needed more “ taco bowl outreach .” 
SEIU, which has endorsed Hillary Clinton, appears to be behind the scam. 
WATCH: This article was posted: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 at 6:09 am Share this article",0
20116,Devin Nunes to Step Aside From House Investigation on Russia - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The continuing fallout from President Trump’s unsubstantiated wiretapping allegation cost him another ally on Thursday, as the embattled Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee announced he would step aside from his panel’s investigation into Russia’s efforts to disrupt last year’s election. The announcement from the committee’s chairman, Representative Devin Nunes of California, came shortly before the House Committee on Ethics said he was under investigation because of public reports that he “may have made unauthorized disclosures of classified information. ” Mr. Nunes’s recusal from the Russia inquiry was a blow to Mr. Trump, who in less than three months in office has seen the imbroglio over Russia’s disruption campaign exact political damage on some of his closest advisers and most vigorous supporters. The furor over the contacts that some of the president’s aides had with Russian officials has already led to the firing of Michael T. Flynn, Mr. Trump’s national security adviser, and the recusal of Attorney General Jeff Sessions from overseeing the F. B. I. ’s inquiry into the Russian efforts. Now it has led to the recusal of Mr. Nunes from the House Intelligence Committee’s Russia investigation, and Mr. Trump faces the potential revival of that inquiry. The investigation had descended into a partisan sideshow in the two weeks since Mr. Nunes told reporters that Trump associates had been swept up in surveillance of foreign officials by American spy agencies during the transition, citing intelligence reports that were classified. He then rushed to the White House to brief Mr. Trump, prompting Democrats to argue that Mr. Nunes had proved himself far too close to the president to run an independent investigation. The criticism intensified last week when The New York Times revealed that the classified information about incidental surveillance cited by Mr. Nunes came from White House officials. White House officials had been seeking evidence to bolster a claim that Mr. Trump made March 4 on Twitter that the Obama administration had wiretapped Trump Tower during the presidential campaign. Numerous current and former American officials  —   including James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director  —   have debunked the claim. Yet Mr. Nunes resisted demands to step aside until Thursday, when he found himself under investigation by the House ethics committee. The internal House ethics investigation into whether Mr. Nunes disclosed classified information is a striking twist for a chairman who has made the unauthorized disclosure of classified information a focal point of his Russia investigation. At the same time, he has repeatedly dismissed the idea that he was wrong to disclose the existence of “dozens” of classified intelligence reports about incidental surveillance of associates of Mr. Trump. “Any talk of that is nonsense,” Mr. Nunes said in an interview with The Times last month. Mr. Nunes said in a statement that the ethics investigation was “entirely false and politically motivated” and that he would remain the intelligence committee’s chairman. But it was in the intelligence committee’s best interests for him to temporarily step aside from the Russia investigation, he said in the statement, which was issued 26 minutes before the ethics committee announced its inquiry. The statement also put the blame for the investigation on complaints against him made by multiple watchdog groups to the Office of Congressional Ethics, which is entirely separate from the ethics committee. Mr. Nunes dismissed those organizations as “  activist groups,” though it was not clear what role, if any, their complaints played in setting off the inquiry. Mr. Nunes, who served on the president’s transition team, has for weeks offered Mr. Trump fuel to keep his wiretapping claims in the news  —   and to make more unsubstantiated accusations. In an interview with The Times on Wednesday, Mr. Trump said that the former national security adviser Susan E. Rice might have committed a crime by seeking the identities of the Trump associates who last year were swept up in surveillance of foreign officials by American spy agencies. Ms. Rice has said she did nothing wrong. Mr. Nunes’s recusal on Thursday was welcomed by Democrats, who had questioned whether White House officials had used the congressman essentially to launder the information about incidental surveillance. Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the panel’s top Democrat, praised the chairman’s decision. “It will allow us to have a fresh start moving forward,” he told reporters on Thursday. Representative K. Michael Conaway of Texas, a senior Republican on the committee, will assume control of the investigation. An accountant who formerly served as the chairman of the House ethics committee, Mr. Conaway will be assisted by two other Republicans on the committee, Mr. Nunes said: Representatives Tom Rooney of Florida and Trey Gowdy of South Carolina. Mr. Gowdy led the special investigation into the 2012 attacks on a diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya. Mr. Gowdy is also on the ethics committee. Several of the watchdog groups that had complained to the separate Office of Congressional Ethics praised the ethics committee’s decision to investigate Mr. Nunes. Jordan Libowitz, spokesman for Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, described the congressman’s disclosure of classified information as “so grave that it needs to be investigated right away. ” The ethics committee comprises 10 House members: five Republicans and five Democrats. It is unclear how long the inquiry could take, but the investigations usually last months or years. The panel has the power to impose a range of penalties, from a letter admonishing a member to a recommendation that the House vote to expel a member. In more serious cases, the panel can choose to refer evidence to law enforcement officials, a move it can make confidentially. The independent Office of Congressional Ethics faced a threat in early January when House Republicans voted to gut it on the eve of the new Congress. Under pressure from Republican leaders and President Trump, they ultimately abandoned the effort. The recusal offered hope to Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee, who worried that Mr. Nunes’s behavior had discredited the panel’s investigation and who had increasingly resigned themselves to the idea that they would have to conduct parallel inquiries rather than work with Republicans. “We now have a chance to reclaim our committee’s independence, credibility and ability to make progress,” Representative Eric Swalwell of California said in a statement. As the House investigation has deteriorated into partisan feuding in recent weeks, many have turned to the Senate Intelligence Committee as Congress’s last best hope for an impartial congressional investigation into Russian interference in the election. Since late July, the F. B. I. has been conducting its own counterintelligence investigation into Russian interference in the election, including an examination of whether Mr. Trump’s associates cooperated with Russian officials to influence the race.",0
20117,"Re: We Are Being Set Up For Higher Interest Rates, A Major Recession And A Giant Stock Market Crash","Why Is Obama Threatening Russia With World War 3 Right Before The Election? Michael On Television We Are Being Set Up For Higher Interest Rates, A Major Recession And A Giant Stock Market Crash   November 20th, 2016 
Since Donald Trump’s victory on election night we have seen the worst bond crash in 15 years . Global bond investors have seen trillions of dollars of wealth wiped out since November 8th, and analysts are warning of another tough week ahead. The general consensus in the investing community is that a Trump administration will mean much higher inflation, and as a result investors are already starting to demand higher interest rates. Unfortunately for all of us, history has shown that higher interest rates always cause an economic slowdown. And this makes perfect sense, because economic activity naturally slows down when it becomes more expensive to borrow money. The Obama administration had already set up the next president for a major recession anyway, but now this bond crash threatens to bring it on sooner rather than later. 
For those that are not familiar with the bond market, when yields go up bond prices go down. And when bond prices go down, that is bad news for economic growth. 
So we generally don’t want yields to go up. 
Unfortunately, yields have been absolutely soaring over the past couple of weeks, and the yield on 10 year Treasury notes has now jumped “one full percentage point since July” … 
The 10-year Treasury yield jumped to 2.36% in late trading on Friday, the highest since December 2015, up 66 basis point since the election, and up one full percentage point since July! 
The 10-year yield is at a critical juncture. In terms of reality, the first thing that might happen is a rate increase by the Fed in December, after a year of flip-flopping. A slew of post-election pronouncements by Fed heads – including Yellen’s “relatively soon” – have pushed the odds of a rate hike to 98%. 
As I noted the other day , so many things in our financial system are tied to yields on U.S. Treasury notes. Just look at what is happening to mortgages. As Wolf Richter has noted , the average rate on 30 year mortgages is shooting into the stratosphere… 
The carnage in bonds has consequences. The average interest rate of the a conforming 30-year fixed mortgage as of Friday was quoted at 4.125% for top credit scores. That’s up about 0.5 percentage point from just before the election, according to Mortgage News Daily . It put the month “on a short list of 4 worst months in more than a decade.” 
If mortgage rates continue to shoot higher, there will be another housing crash. 
Rates on auto loans, credit cards and student loans will also be affected. Throughout our economic system it will become much more costly to borrow money, and that will inevitably slow the overall economy down. 
Why bond investors are so on edge these days is because of statements such as this one from Steve Bannon … 
In a nascent administration that seems, at best, random in its beliefs, Bannon can seem to be not just a focused voice, but almost a messianic one: 
“Like [Andrew] Jackson’s populism, we’re going to build an entirely new political movement,” he says. “It’s everything related to jobs. The conservatives are going to go crazy. I’m the guy pushing a trillion-dollar infrastructure plan. With negative interest rates throughout the world, it’s the greatest opportunity to rebuild everything. Ship yards, iron works, get them all jacked up. We’re just going to throw it up against the wall and see if it sticks. It will be as exciting as the 1930s, greater than the Reagan revolution — conservatives, plus populists, in an economic nationalist movement.” 
Steve Bannon is going to be one of the most influential voices in the new Trump administration, and he is absolutely determined to get this “trillion dollar infrastructure plan” through Congress. 
And that is going to mean a lot more borrowing and a lot more spending for a government that is already on pace to add 2.4 trillion dollars to the national debt this fiscal year. 
Sadly, all of this comes at a time when the U.S. economy is already starting to show significant signs of slowing down. It is being projected that we will see a sixth straight decline in year-over-year earnings for the S&P 500, and industrial production has now contracted for 14 months in a row . 
The truth is that the economy has been barely treading water for quite some time now, and it isn’t going to take much to push us over the edge. The following comes from Lance Roberts … 
With an economy running at below 2%, consumers already heavily indebted, wage growth weak for the bulk of American’s, there is not a lot of wiggle room for policy mistakes. 
Combine weak economics with higher interest rates, which negatively impacts consumption, and a stronger dollar, which weighs on exports, and you have a real potential of a recession occurring sooner rather than later. 
Yes, the stock market soared immediately following Trump’s election, but it wasn’t because economic conditions actually improved. 
If you look at history, a stock market crash almost always follows a major bond crash. So if bond prices keep declining rapidly that is going to be a very ominous sign for stock traders. 
And history has also shown us that no bull market can survive a major recession. If the economy suffers a major downturn early in the Trump administration, it is inevitable that stock prices will follow. 
The waning days of the Obama administration have set us up perfectly for higher interest rates, a major recession and a giant stock market crash. 
Of course any problems that occur after January 20th, 2017 will be blamed on Trump, but the truth is that Obama will be far more responsible for what happens than Trump will be. 
Right now so many people have been lulled into a sense of complacency because Donald Trump won the election. 
That is an enormous mistake. 
A shaking has already begun in the financial world, and this shaking could easily become an avalanche. 
Now is not a time to party. Rather, it is time to batten down the hatches and to prepare for very rough seas ahead. 
All of the things that so many experts warned were coming may have been delayed slightly, but without a doubt they are still on the way. 
So get prepared while you still can, because time is running out.",0
20118,The Trump Ploy,"Michele Paccione / Shutterstock.com 
Universally, Trump was depicted as an anti-establishment candidate. Washington and Wall Street hated him, and the media were deployed to vilify him endlessly. If they could not discredit Trump enough, surely they would steal the election from him. Some even suggested Trump would be assassinated. 
Acting the part, Trump charged repeatedly that the election was rigged, and he was right, of course. During the primaries, Hillary Clinton received debate questions in advance from CNN. More seriously, 30 states used voting machines that could easily be hacked. 
A leaked tape of Trump making obscene comments about groping women became further proof that the establishment was out to get him. In spite of all this, Trump managed to win by a landslide, so what happened? 
To steal an American election, one only needs to tamper with votes in two or three critical states, and since Hillary didn’t win, we must conclude that she was never the establishment’s chosen puppet. As Trump claimed, the fix was in, all right, except that it was rigged in his favor, as born out by the fact. 
While everybody else yelped that Trump would never be allowed to win, I begged to differ. After the Orlando false flag shooting on June 12th, 2016, I wrote: 
In 2008, Obama was touted as a political outsider who will hose away all of the rot and bloody criminality of the Bush years. He turned out to be a deft move by our ruling class. Though fools still refuse to see it, Obama is a perfect servant of our military banking complex. Now, Trump is being trumpeted as another political outsider. 
A Trump presidency will temporarily appease restless, lower class whites, while serving as a magnet for liberal anger. This will buy our ruling class time as they continue to wage war abroad while impoverishing Americans back home. Like Obama, Trump won’t fulfill any of his election promises, and this, too, will be blamed on bipartisan politics. 
On September 24th, I doubled down: 
Mind-fucked, most Americans can’t even see that an American president’s only task is to disguise the deep state’s intentions. Chosen by the deep state to explain away its crimes, our president’s pronouncements are nearly always contradicted by the deep state’s actions. While the president talks of peace, democracy, racial harmony, prosperity for Main Street and going after banksters, etc., the deep state wages endless war, stages meaningless elections, stokes racial hatred, bankrupts nearly all Americans and enables massive Wall Street crimes, etc. 
Only the infantile will imagine the president as any kind of savior or, even more hilariously, anti-establishment. Since the deep state won’t even tolerate a renegade reporter at, say, the San Jose Mercury News, how can you expect a deep state’s enemy to land in the White House?! It cannot happen. 
A presidential candidate will promise to fix all that’s wrong with our government, and this stance, this appearance, is actually very useful for the deep state, for it gives Americans hope. Promising everything, Obama delivered nothing. So who do you think is being primed by the deep state to be our next false savior? 
Who benefits from false flag terrorist attacks blamed on Muslims? Who gains when blacks riot? Why is the Democratic Party propping up a deeply-despised and terminally ill war criminal? More personable Bernie Sanders was nixed by the deep state since it had another jester in mind. 
The first presidential debate is Monday. Under stress, Hillary’s eyes will dart in separate directions. Coughing nonstop for 90 minutes, her highness will hack up a gazillion unsecured emails. Her head will jerk spasmodically, plop onto the floor and, though decapitated, continue to gush platitudes and lies. “A Very Impressive Performance,” CNBC and CNN will announce. Come November, though, Trump will be installed because his constituency needs to be temporarily pacified. The deep state knows that white people are pissed. 
The media were out to get Trump, pundits from across the political spectrum kept repeating, but the truth is that the media made Trump. Long before the election, Trump became a household name, thanks to the media. 
Your average American can’t name any other real estate developer, casino owner or even his own senators, but he has known Trump since forever. For more than a decade, Trump was a reality TV star, with two of his children also featured regularly on The Apprentice. Trump’s “You’re fired” and his hair became iconic. Trump appeared on talk shows, had cameo roles in movies and owned the Miss Universe pageant. In 2011, Obama joked that Trump as president would deck out the White House in garish fashion, with his own name huge on the façade. The suave, slick prez roasted Trump again in 2016. Trump has constantly been in the limelight. 
It’s true that during the presidential campaign, Trump received mostly negative press, but this only ramped up support among his core constituency. Joe Sixpacks had long seen the media as not just against everything they cherished, but against them as people, so the more the media attacked Trump, the more popular he became among the white working class. 
Like politicians, casinos specialize in empty promises. Trump, then, is a master hustler, just like Obama, and with help from the media, this New York billionaire became a darling of the flyover states. Before his sudden transformation, Trump was certainly an insider. He donated $100,000 to the Clinton Foundation, and Bill and Hillary attended his third wedding. Golf buddies, The Donald and Bill were also friends with one Jeffrey Epstein, owner of the infamous Lolita Express and a sex orgy, sex slave island in the Caribbean. 
In 2002, New York Magazine published “Jeffrey Epstein: International Money of Mystery.” This asskissing piece begins, “He comes with cash to burn, a fleet of airplanes, and a keen eye for the ladies—to say nothing of a relentless brain that challenges Nobel Prize-winning scientists across the country—and for financial markets around the world.” ORDER IT NOW 
Trump is quoted, “I’ve known Jeff for fifteen years. Terrific guy. He’s a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it—Jeffrey enjoys his social life.” 
Bill Clinton shouts out, “Jeffrey is both a highly successful financier and a committed philanthropist with a keen sense of global markets and an in-depth knowledge of twenty-first-century science. I especially appreciated his insights and generosity during the recent trip to Africa to work on democratization, empowering the poor, citizen service, and combating HIV/AIDS.” 
Epstein gushes back, “If you were a boxer at the downtown gymnasium at 14th Street and Mike Tyson walked in, your face would have the same look as these foreign leaders had when Clinton entered the room. He is the world’s greatest politician.” 
Even during a very nasty election campaign, Trump stayed clear of Clinton’s association with Epstein because he himself had been chummy with the convicted pervert. Trump also never brought up the Clintons’ drug running in Mena or the many mysterious deaths of those whose existence inconvenienced their hold on power. 
With eight years in the White House, plus stints as a senator then secretary of state, Clinton is considered the ultimate insider. Though a novice politician, Trump is also an insider, and it’s a grand joke of the establishment that they’ve managed to convince Joe Sixpacks everywhere that Trump will save them. 
Knowing how angry the working class has become, the deep state could not install Hillary, for that would have been a tiresome rehash of another Clinton presidency. With NAFTA, Bill launched the job offshoring that has wrecked this country, and those most affected by it, working class whites, know damn well who’s responsible. The Clinton brand has become anathema to middle America. 
While Clinton says America is already great, Trump promises to make America great again, but the decline of the US will only accelerate. Our manufacturing base is handicapped because American workers will not put up with Chinese wages, insanely long hours or living in cramped factory dormitories. In a global economy, those who can suck it up best get the jobs. 
On the foreign front, America’s belligerence will not ease up under a Trump presidency, for without a hyper kinetic military to browbeat and bomb, the world will stop lending us money. The US doesn’t just wage wars to fatten the military banking complex, but to prop up the US Dollar and prevent our economy from collapsing. The empire yields tangible benefits for even the lowliest Americans. 
With his livelihood vaporized, the poor man does not care for LGBT rights, the glass ceiling or climate change. Supplementing his wretched income with frequent treks to the church pantry, if not blood bank, he needs immediate relief. It’s a shame he’s staking his hopes on an imposter. 
The deep state ushered in Trump because he’s clearly their most useful decoy. As the country hopes in vain, the crooked men behind the curtain will go on with business as usual. Trump is simply an Obama for a different demographic. Nothing will change for the better. 
Linh Dinh is the author of two books of stories, five of poems, and a novel, Love Like Hate . He’s tracking our deteriorating socialscape through his frequently updated photo blog, Postcards from the End of America .",0
20119,"G.O.P. Plans Immediate Repeal of Health Law, Then a Delay - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Republicans in Congress plan to move almost immediately next month to repeal the Affordable Care Act, as   Donald J. Trump promised. But they also are likely to delay the effective date so that they have several years to phase out President Obama’s signature achievement. This emerging “repeal and delay” strategy, which Speaker Paul D. Ryan discussed this week with Vice   Mike Pence, underscores a growing recognition that replacing the health care law will be technically complicated and could be politically explosive. Since the law was signed by Mr. Obama in March 2010, 20 million uninsured people have gained coverage, and the law has become deeply embedded in the nation’s health care system, accepted with varying degrees of enthusiasm by consumers, doctors, hospitals, insurance companies and state and local governments. Unwinding it could be as difficult for Republicans as it was for Democrats to pass it in the first place and could lead Republicans into a dangerous    where the existing law is in shambles but no replacement can pass the narrowly divided Senate. Democrats would face political pressure in that case as well. It is not sheer coincidence that at least one idea envisions putting the effective date well beyond the midterm congressional elections in 2018. “We are not going to rip health care away from Americans,” said Representative Kevin Brady, Republican of Texas and chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, which shares jurisdiction over health care. “We will have a transition period so Congress can develop the right policies and the American people can have time to look for better health care options. ” Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee and chairman of the Senate health committee, said: “I imagine this will take several years to completely make that sort of transition  —   to make sure we do no harm, create a good health care system that everyone has access to, and that we repeal the parts of Obamacare that need to be repealed. ” But health policy experts suggest “repeal and delay” would be extremely damaging to a health care system already on edge. “The idea that you can repeal the Affordable Care Act with a   or   transition period and not create market chaos is a total fantasy,” said Sabrina Corlette, a professor at the Health Policy Institute of Georgetown University. “Insurers need to know the rules of the road in order to develop plans and set premiums. ” Details of the strategy are in flux, and there are disagreements among Republicans about how to proceed. In the House, the emerging plan, tightly coordinated between Mr. Ryan and Mr. Pence, is meant to give Mr. Trump’s supporters the repeal of the health law that he repeatedly promised at rallies. It would also give Republicans time to try to assure consumers and the health industry that they will not instantly upend the health insurance market, and to pressure some Democrats to support a Republican alternative. “I don’t think you have to wait,” Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, the majority leader, told reporters this week. “I would move through and repeal and then go to work on replacing. I think once it’s repealed, you will have hopefully fewer people playing politics, and everybody coming to the table to find the best policy. ” Under the plan discussed this week, Republicans said, repeal will be on a fast track. They hope to move forward in January or February with a budget blueprint using   reconciliation instructions, which would allow parts of the health care law to be dismembered with a simple majority vote, denying Senate Democrats the chance to filibuster. They would follow up with legislation similar to a bill vetoed in January, which would have repealed the tax penalties for people who go without insurance and the penalties for larger employers who fail to offer coverage. That bill would also have eliminated federal insurance subsidies, ended federal spending for the expansion of Medicaid, and barred federal payments to Planned Parenthood clinics. But in the Senate, Republicans would need support from some Democrats if they are to replace the Affordable Care Act. The budget reconciliation rules that would allow Republicans to dismantle the Affordable Care Act have strict limits. The rules are primarily intended to protect legislation that affects spending or revenues. The health law includes insurance market standards and other policies that do not directly affect the budget, and Senate Republicans would, in many cases, need 60 votes to change such provisions. Repealing the funding mechanisms but leaving in place the regulations risks a meltdown of the individual insurance market. Insurers could not deny coverage, but they would not get as many healthy new customers as they were expecting. Hospitals would again face many uninsured patients in their emergency rooms, without the extra Medicaid money they have been expecting. Even a delay of two to three years could be damaging. Health policy experts said the uncertainty could destabilize markets, unnerving insurers that have already lost hundreds of millions of dollars on policies sold in insurance exchanges under the Affordable Care Act. “Insurers would like clarity on the shape of the replacement plan to continue participating on exchanges if Obamacare is repealed,” Ana Gupte, an analyst at Leerink Partners who follows the insurance industry, said Friday. Republicans are hoping that Mr. Trump will be able to use his bully pulpit to lean on vulnerable Democrats up for   in states Mr. Trump won, such as Senators Joe Manchin III of West Virginia and Jon Tester of Montana. “When that date came and you did nothing, if you want to play politics, I think the blame would go to people who didn’t want to do anything,” Mr. McCarthy said. But Democrats may not be so quick to break. “If they are looking at fixing what’s there, I’ve been wanting to work with Republicans for years now,” said Mr. Tester, whose state cast just 36 percent of its vote for Hillary Clinton. “But if they are going to take away provisions like   conditions, lifetime caps,    I think they are barking up the wrong tree. ” And some moderate Republicans see peril in repealing first and replacing later, favoring instead a simultaneous replacement to ensure a smooth transition. “We are firing live rounds this time,” Representative Charlie Dent, Republican of Pennsylvania, said. “If we repeal under reconciliation, we have to replace it under normal processes, and does anyone believe that the Senate Democrats, with their gentle tender mercies will help us?” Republicans said they would work with the Trump administration on replacement legislation that would draw on comprehensive plans drafted by Mr. Ryan and Representative Tom Price, the Georgia Republican picked by Mr. Trump to be his secretary of health and human services. Any legislation is likely to include elements on which Republicans generally agree: tax credits for health insurance new incentives for health savings accounts subsidies for state   pools, to help people who could not otherwise obtain insurance authority for sales of insurance across state lines and some protection for people with   conditions who have maintained continuous coverage. Republicans said they hoped that the certainty of repeal would increase pressure on Democrats to sign on to some of these ideas. Democratic leaders, for now, feel no such pressure. Republicans “are going to have an awfully hard time” if they try to repeal the health law without proposing a replacement, said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the next Democratic leader. “There would be consequences for so many millions of people. ”",0
20120,Saving Refugees on the Mediterranean: a Luxury Yacht With a New Purpose - The New York Times,"BARCELONA, Spain  —   A year ago, Oscar Camps, a Spaniard, was a lifeguard who traveled with a colleague to the Greek island of Lesbos to see what he could do to help as thousands of Syrian refugees washed up from Turkey. He had tried to volunteer for different European organizations and embassies, but was turned down, and arrived on the island with little more than swim fins. Mr. Camps said he had no idea how critical the situation in Lesbos had become. Within two hours of their arrival, he and his friend were taking off their shirts and shoes to jump into the sea to save people from drowning, after watching a boat sink close to the island’s rocky northern coast. Lesbos “changed my view on almost everything,” Mr. Camps recalled in a recent interview. “I realized that Europe’s inaction was absolutely deliberate  —   a decision by the European Union to use the Mediterranean and the Aegean as dissuasive tools, to send the message to people that they shouldn’t try to come because they would drown. ” The situation spurred him to action, and he decided to start his own nongovernmental aid group, Proactiva, through a crowdfunding campaign. Initially, he reused rickety vessels abandoned by refugees on the shores of Lesbos, and he invested 15, 000 euros, or about $16, 600, himself to buy equipment, as well as to bring two Jet Skis to Lesbos from Spain. But a big break came last May, when Livio Lo Monaco, the Italian owner of a Spanish mattress company, donated his yacht, the Astral. Since it started prowling the Mediterranean, the repurposed luxury sailing yacht has helped rescue about 15, 000 refugees and migrants trying to reach Europe by boat, mostly from Libya, Mr. Camps estimated. The Astral’s work has made Mr. Camps something of a celebrity in Spain, as well as the subject of a recent documentary film that helped raise funds for his organization, which now has an annual budget of about €1 million. He is due to travel to New York in November after his group was nominated for two separate awards for its humanitarian work. The Astral was originally built in 1970 by Philip Rhodes, a top yacht designer, and initially sailed by Cornelius Vanderstar, the owner of an aluminum company. Mr. Camps and his team have refitted the boat and stripped it of its luxury elements. Today it is operated by a team of volunteer lifeguards and doctors, and uses two dinghies in its    missions. It is designed to take about 60 refugees on board, but carries 600 life jackets. The boat’s crew helped save about 6, 000 people in the Mediterranean on a single day last summer, Mr. Camps said. Before jumping into the waters off Lesbos, Mr. Camps, 52, had already built a successful private company of lifeguards, monitoring beaches in four regions of Spain. He also has another business that supplies showers, watchtowers and other beach furniture. Mr. Camps decided to set up his own lifeguard company after standing among a group of helpless lifeguards, who could only watch from the beach as a teenager drowned off one of Barcelona’s beaches in 1993. The accident occurred in part because of unfamiliar sea currents, Mr. Camps said, resulting from the breakwater infrastructure added for the Olympics that Barcelona hosted the previous summer. At the time, Mr. Camps was working for the Red Cross. “I realized on that terrible day that sea rescue in Spain had to become a lot more professional,” Mr. Camps said. Spain was in the midst of a tourism boom, he added, “but we continued to believe that huge responsibilities could be handled only by volunteers. ” Mr. Camps said he sought to follow “the American model,” drawing on advice from the Los Angeles lifeguards. He is now back in touch with lifeguards in Los Angeles and Hawaii to see whether they can contribute to his work with refugees in the Mediterranean. “I want the Astral to be the flagship of human rights on the sea, but the needs are immense,” he said. In fact, Mr. Camps is hoping another rescue vessel will be donated to his group soon. The Astral’s rescue efforts have highlighted not only the scale of the catastrophe but also the failure of European governments to respond adequately, Mr. Camps said. More than 3, 500 people are estimated to have drowned this year while trying to reach southern Europe, even after each paid traffickers hundreds of dollars to guarantee a safe passage. On Nov. 3, two more shipwrecks left another 239 migrants missing at sea. Mr. Camps, however, claimed that European governments “are constantly lying about the number of dead,” notably by refusing to include in their estimates those believed to have disappeared at sea. When dealing with a boat sinking, “it’s pretty meaningless to use only the number of bodies found,” he argued. But for European countries, the scale of the problem and the policy calculus is not an easy one. Several photojournalists have recently traveled on the Astral, helping raise awareness of the tragedy at sea. Mr. Camps said he was at times shocked by the “media circus” generated by Europe’s refugee crisis, but he also acknowledged that it was thanks to such media coverage that he and others first heard about the chaos in Lesbos. Underlining this paradoxical situation, he recalled one occasion in Lesbos when “you had nine guys with cameras around one of my lifeguards who was saving a child, and nobody was helping but all were just taking photos. ” Unless the European Union resumes a   rescue program like Mare Nostrum, which was masterminded and funded by Italy, drownings are likely to rise significantly, Mr. Camps predicted, particularly if European land borders stay closed, pushing more refugees to cross by boat or dinghy. “The sea is being converted into an extermination center, with a lot of people dying and nobody really knowing how many,” Mr. Camps said. “The sea is like a carpet that governments are now lifting to brush underneath their dirt. ”",0
20121,WikiLeaks Podesta Emails Confirm Hillary’s Health Issues,"We Are Change 
Issues surrounding Hillary Clinton’s health and ability to take on the demanding position of President have pervaded this presidential race. But several recent WikiLeaks emails from John Podesta, chairman of Hillary’s campaign, have revealed that Hillary Clinton’s health problems cannot possibly be branded as “conspiracy theories” any longer.

Before Hillary Clinton announced her run for president, an email sent on March 14th, 2014, by campaign manager Robert Mook to Clinton campaign chairman Podesta asks whether Podesta has discussed Hillary’s “taxes and health.” The email states that he acknowledges they’re both “hyper sensitive” issues, wondering whether “both are better dealt with very early so we control them–rather than responding to calls for transparency.” 
In this thread, Mook stated “Yes. We need to kill that baby in the cradle.” (Which perfectly articulates how sadistic the Clinton campaign and agenda is within a single metaphor.)
A later email thread from July 31, 2015 , shows Dan Schwerin, Clinton’s director of speech writing, aiming to roll out Hillary’s tax records along with a letter from her physician stating that she is “in excellent health,” and that following this “We expect the stories that pop at 2 pm to have headlines such as “CLINTON IN ‘EXCELLENT HEALTH,’ MEDICAL RECORDS SAY” … “CLINTON RELEASES HEALTH REPORT” … “CLINTON CAMP AIMS TO ONE-UP BUSH IN DISCLOSING FINANCES”
The emails expose the Clinton campaign’s attempts to suppress any further inquiry into these health problems and control the narrative, and provide them with “the best possible, ‘fighting’ chance of promoting the most helpful story lines.”
Also stating that “the first stories on health won’t pop until 2. 1 pm is just when we will quietly approach the reporters, ” the Clinton camp is exposed in the way in which the mainstream media has held complete bias in favor of a Clinton presidency. This has also been revealed through all the recent Podesta email Wikileaks releases. Just one example being an email sent April 30, 2015, by Politico reporter Glenn Thrush, who even called himself a “hack” when asking Hillary’s top campaign aide, John Podesta, to check over sections of his report regarding the Democratic presidential candidate before publication. 

Startlingly, an email exchange between Hillary’s campaign leaders, Tanden and Podesta, even questions if she is aware that we are living on planet Earth. Telling an audience in Ohio that she was “moderate and center” after previously stating just a few days prior that she was “progressive”, Tanden asks, “Why did she call herself a moderate?”
Podesta replied “ I pushed her on this on Sunday night. She claims she didn’t remember saying it. Not sure I believe her.” 
In response, Tanden stated, “I mean it makes my life more difficult after telling every reporter I know she’s actually progressive but that is really the smallest of issues. It worries me more that she doesn’t seem to know what planet we are all living in at the moment. ” 
It can be speculated as to what this statement is referring to, but it is evident that this proves Hillary’s lack of awareness and mental stability. Perhaps regarding her inability to hold a firm political position, or even more worryingly, her inability to retain even the most basic and fundamental information, due to a medical condition that she is suffering from. Giving credibility to the latter possibility, Hillary’s top aide Huma Abedin admits that the former Secretary of State is “still not perfect in her head,” in a newly revealed Wikileaks email on Tuesday.
Countless incidents capturing Hillary’s poor health and unstable mental state have been brought to light, despite the Clinton campaign and mainstream media’s attempted censoring of this content in the hope that portraying a false narrative regarding these episodes will stray attention away from this issue. For example, after Hillary’s recent fall at a 9/11 memorial event filmed by a bystander, the Clinton campaign tried to cover up by claiming this was due to “pneumonia and dehydration” even though Clinton does not appear limp, as though she has fainted. In contrast, she appears ridged and shaky throughout this episode, as Secret Service agents lift her into the vehicle. However, Hillary’s constant tumbles do not surprise me, as the gravitational force pulling this Democratic nominee towards underworld must be so incredibly strong.
This along with many other recently recorded accounts of Hillary’s severe coughing fits , dangerous falls, recurring eye problems , and the spitting up of a vile yellow substance, have undoubtedly shown that this presidential candidate is scarcely physically fit to perform duties as president. Hillary’s mental state is also a major point of concern, which top aides, Podesta and Abedin, have confirmed through the Wikileaks emails stated in this article.
If Hillary blatantly appears unable to function healthily during her time running for president, we can only expect these issues to increase in severity if she were to take on the stressful position of president.
The post WikiLeaks Podesta Emails Confirm Hillary’s Health Issues appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
20122,Anna Kendrick: Movie Star. Twitter Star. Ready for More. - The New York Times,"Anna Kendrick is the kind of actor who likes to cut to the chase. “If I’m working with a director who wants to be   or whatever, that’s fine,” said Ms. Kendrick, who since March has promoted six films while amusing her nearly 5. 8 million Twitter followers. “But I am happy as a clam when we’re just focused and prepared and ready to shoot. ” In “The Accountant,” opening Friday, Oct. 14, she plays a financial type at a robotics corporation who spots a discrepancy requiring the expertise of an enigmatic mathematics savant, played by Ben Affleck. What she doesn’t know is that he crunches numbers for international criminal organizations out of a strip mall. And has    firearm skills. Ms. Kendrick found a kindred spirit in Mr. Affleck, whose filmmaker’s sensibility and straightforward approach helped turn the set of Gavin O’Connor’s thriller  —   a sort of “A Beautiful Mind” for the C. P. A. crowd  —   into a model of efficiency. “When it came down to it, he was very practical about how we were going to basically get our scenes in the can,” she said. In a recent interview from Los Angeles, where she was scrambling to catch a flight to London, Ms. Kendrick, 31, pondered her very busy year, including DreamWorks’ “Trolls” and a memoir, “Scrappy Little Nobody,” both out next month. These are edited excerpts from the conversation. You’ve been all over the place recently. I made a lot of movies in the last couple of years, and they’re all coming out right now. I’m sorry that I’m oversaturating my own market. But by next year, there will be at least a year of not, like, constantly my face in everybody’s business. Was this your first introduction to Ben? We had met years ago, and he was seated next to me and had not brought his glasses or worn his contacts and was asking me who everybody was. And then I pointed out the Jonas Brothers and had to explain to him who the Jonas Brothers were. You spent the last year writing a book. How did you land that gig? An editor approached me because they thought I was funny on Twitter, and then I wrote this piece in Vogue about the Oscars, and somebody went, “Well, I guess if she wrote one article, she can write a book. ” Apparently people are allowed to make decisions like that. And these are essays? “Essays” is giving me too much credit. That makes it sound like I’m Alexander Hamilton or something. Basically the idea was all the funny stories I wanted to put on Twitter but couldn’t reduce to 140 characters. I’m definitely amazed that writers can create things on a continual basis because I feel like my brain will never been the same. I feel like it drained my life power. Where did the title come from? From a conversation I had with my brother, wondering if I’m still the same person that I was when I moved to Los Angeles and the worry that I was becoming complacent in my life. He assured me that I was still scrappy and still had a little   person inside of me.  ? I’m very small, so I’ve spent my life trying to talk louder and be stronger to overcome that. That’s a quality that some people might think is objectionable, but I’m kind of proud of it, so that’s a quality that I’d like to retain. In “Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates,” you played a crazy party gal opposite your BFF Aubrey Plaza. Was that a stretch? There are aspects of my personality that are a little persnickety, I guess one could say. But I do think that I play   characters more than it makes sense in my brain. Like, it’s a surprise that people keep asking me to play professional women, because I’m like, are you looking at the same person? This person is the person you want to play really professional and driven? I’m falling apart. You’re falling apart? Oh, yeah.",0
20123,Rigging the Election – Video IV: Democrat Operatives Willfully Accepting Illegal Foreign Donations,"Rigging the Election – Video IV: Democrat Operatives Willfully Accepting Illegal Foreign Donations 
Lee Rogers Daily Stormer October 26, 2016 
Project Veritas has released a new video, part IV of their “Rigging the Election” series, which shows footage of Democrat operatives willfully accepting what was presented as a $20,000 donation from a foreign source. This is more documented evidence of criminal activity by these characters. It is against the law to accept foreign donations in this capacity. 
The foreign source was actually working under cover with Project Veritas. They ended up wiring $20,000 from a Belize bank that the Democrats happily accepted. Once they received the money they started having discussions with the undercover man about granting special access, etc. 
What makes the whole thing interesting is that they only returned the $20,000 after they realized that their operations had been infiltrated. It shows that under normal circumstances, they have no issue with accepting foreign donations even though it is against the law. 
So far, Project Veritas has released video evidence documenting Democrat conspiracies to commit vote fraud, conspiracies to agitate violence and a willingness to accept illegal political contributions from foreigners. Then you have all the Wikileaks stuff that has been dumped. This entire operation surrounding Hillary Clinton is about as corrupt as you can get. 
It looks as if Project Veritas is slowly working their way up the Democrat food chain in these videos. While this might be wishful thinking, I hope they have damning footage of Hillary Clinton that they’ll dump at a time to cause maximum political damage. I guess we’ll see.",0
20124,"U-M’s New ‘Chief Diversity Officer’ Will Collect $385,000 per Year","U-M’s New ‘Chief Diversity Officer’ Will Collect $385,000 per Year Derek Draplin, Michigan Capitol Confidential, October 28, 2016 
The University of Michigan’s new chief diversity officer will collect $385,000 a year under his various job titles, including a new one created by a recently revealed $85 million, five-year U-M diversity plan . 
Robert Sellers’ appointment to a new position called “vice provost for equity and inclusion and chief diversity officer” (VPEI-CDO) was approved Oct. 20 by the university’s governing board. Sellers previously served as “vice provost for equity and inclusion,” and is also listed as a professor of both psychology and education. In 2014-15 Sellers was paid $347,295 in his capacity as vice provost, a position created in 2014. 
President Mark Schlissel nominated Sellers for the job several weeks ago. The new full-time administrative position “will serve as a leadership voice on diversity, equity and inclusion for the entire university.” 
The diversity plan Sellers will oversee will spend $17 million a year over the next five years. It seeks to “recruit, retain and develop a diverse university community” and “support innovation and inclusive scholarship and teaching” through a number of new and expanded programs. 
The $85 million plan is in addition to the $40 million a year the university already spends promoting diversity. 
{snip}",0
20125,"Zsa Zsa Gabor, Actress Famous for Her Glamour (and Her Marriages), Dies at 99 - The New York Times","Zsa Zsa Gabor, the Hungarian actress whose   glamour and   marriages to millionaires put a luster of American celebrity on a long but only modestly successful career in movies and television, died on Sunday in Los Angeles. She was 99. The cause was heart failure, her longtime publicist Edward Lozzi said. Married at least eight times, calling everyone “Dahlink,” flaunting a    lifestyle and abetted by gossip columnists and tabloid headline writers, Ms. Gabor played the coifed platinum femme fatale in plunging necklines in dozens of film and television roles, many of them cameos as herself. Her career, which began with the title Miss Hungary in 1936, was still going strong in the 1990s, outlasting those of her sisters, Eva and Magda, celebrities in their own right. She was the last surviving Gabor sister. “A girl must marry for love, and keep on marrying until she finds it,” Ms. Gabor once said. Her husbands included a Turkish diplomat, the hotel heir Conrad Hilton, the actor George Sanders, an industrialist, an oil magnate, a toy designer, a divorce lawyer and a man often referred to in the news media as the Duke of Saxony. Another marriage that nobody counted  —   a case of bigamy at sea with a   Mexican actor  —   lasted only a day and was annulled. In 1989, she was arrested for slapping a police officer who had pulled her over for a traffic violation and found that her license had expired and that she had an open vodka bottle in her car, a   Corniche convertible. Breezing into court, she took the stand and, by turns haughty, coquettish, weepy and coarse, spoke of Gestapo tactics in Beverly Hills. The judge gave her 72 hours in jail. “You just cannot drive a   in Beverly Hills anymore, because they have it in for you,” she said after things had blown over. Ms. Gabor appeared in more than 60 television movies and feature films, mostly   although some were Italian, French, German and Australian. Critics said her best roles were early in her career, in “Moulin Rouge” (1952) and “Lili” (1953). She also appeared as a nightclub manager in Orson Welles’s 1958 classic “Touch of Evil” and, the same year, as a sexy alien in “Queen of Outer Space,” a camp favorite about virile American astronauts landing on a planet populated by scantily clad women. From the 1950s into the ’90s, she was also on scores of television programs: talk shows, game shows, comedy specials, westerns, episodic dramas. On the 1960s series “Batman,” she played the   Minerva, whose mineral spa fleeced swells by extracting secrets from their brains. “A real vicked voman,” she described the character in her Hungarian accent. Exploiting her naughty celebrity, Ms. Gabor, with the help of collaborators and ghost writers, published four books: “Zsa Zsa Gabor: My Story” (1960) “Zsa Zsa’s Complete Guide to Men” (1969) “How to Catch a Man, How to Keep a Man, How to Get Rid of a Man” (1970) and “One Lifetime Is Not Enough” (1991). In addition to her steady appearances in movies and on television, Ms. Gabor operated a   cosmetics company. She once offered $1 million to anyone who could prove she had had a  . In 1974, she bought a villa in Bel Air built by Howard Hughes and formerly owned by Elvis Presley. Her multitiered clothes closet  —   30 feet long, 12 feet deep and 14 feet high  —   contained 5, 000 garments that, except for favored gowns, were given to charities and replaced with a new wardrobe from time to time, according to her official fan site, zsazsagabor. org. In early 2009, Ms. Gabor discovered that she had joined a long list of celebrities who were victimized by Bernard L. Madoff, the financial swindler whose worldwide Ponzi scheme that cost investors tens of billions. Her lawyer Chris Fields said she lost at least $7 million and possibly as much as $10 million. Ms. Gabor had been in and out of hospitals for years. She suffered head and other injuries and was hospitalized for a month in 2002 after a car driven by her hairdresser struck a utility pole in West Hollywood. It left her in a wheelchair, and she retreated from the spotlight. She suffered a stroke in 2005 and had surgery for a blocked carotid artery. In 2007, she again underwent surgery to treat a leg infection and aftereffects of the stroke. In July 2010, she underwent   surgery after a fall at her home in which she also suffered a concussion. Released from the hospital in August, she was readmitted two days later for treatment of unspecified complications. In January 2011, her right leg was amputated above the knee after an infection proved resistant to antibiotics. Doctors said the operation was necessary to save her life. Two months later, shock over the death of her friend Elizabeth Taylor sent her to the hospital with high blood pressure, and Ms. Gabor’s publicist, John Blanchette, quoted her as saying she feared she was next. In November 2011, she had emergency surgery after blood began flowing through a feeding tube inserted in her stomach. Born Sari Gabor in Budapest in 1917  —   she always gave a birth date of Feb. 6 or 7, but not the year, though Mr. Lozzi confirmed on Sunday that it was 1917  —   Ms. Gabor grew up in relative prosperity, the second of three daughters of Vilmos and Jolie Gabor. Raised for stardom, the sisters attended private schools and were chauffeured to acting, dancing, music and fencing classes. On the eve of World War II, Ms. Gabor, her mother and her sisters emigrated to the United States, and by the 1950s the Gabor sisters had become as well known for their love lives as for their careers. Magda, who acted on radio briefly and helped her mother operate a chain of jewelry boutiques, died in 1997, as did her mother. Eva, who was best known for her role on television’s “Green Acres” in the 1960s  —   and whom the public sometimes confused with Zsa Zsa  —   died in 1995. Zsa Zsa, who divorced seven of her eight husbands, was first married to Burhan Belge, a Turkish diplomat in Budapest, from 1937 to 1941. Her second marriage, to Mr. Hilton, lasted from 1942 to 1947. Their daughter, Francesca Hilton, an actress, was Ms. Gabor’s only child. She died in 2015. Her other marriages were to Mr. Sanders ( ) who later married Magda Gabor the   Herbert L. Hutner ( ) the oil magnate Joshua S. Cosden Jr. ( ) Jack Ryan, an inventor and toy designer who helped create the Barbie doll ( ) Michael O’Hara, a lawyer ( ) and Frédéric Prinz von Anhalt, whom she married in 1986. Mr. Prinz von Anhalt, often described in the news media as a prince or the Duke of Saxony, was born Hans Robert Lichtenberg, the son of a police officer in Germany. He changed his name to include what sounded like a title after Princess Marie Auguste of Anhalt, the Duchess of Saxony, adopted him in 1980 as an adult. The adoption, widely reported to have been a business transaction, conferred only an illusion of nobility, reinforced by the name change. Some biographies of Ms. Gabor also mention a 1983 marriage to Felipe de Alba, a lawyer who appeared in films in Mexico in the 1940s and ’50s, but Ms. Gabor said it lasted only a day. The ceremony was performed by a ship’s captain at sea but was probably illegal because the ship was not in international waters, and Ms. Gabor was technically not yet divorced from Mr. O’Hara. It was later annulled, just to make sure. There were also notorious affairs with Porfirio Rubirosa, the Dominican playboy, and with Rafael Trujillo Jr. the son of the Dominican dictator. Ms. Gabor is survived by her husband, Mr. Prinz von Anhalt. Ms. Gabor’s many public appearances included a 1987 address to the American Bar Association convention in San Francisco, where she spoke to the family law section at a    luncheon. “We’ve had enough of the routine speakers,” the chairman said, introducing Ms. Gabor as “an optimist who still believes in marriage. ” Telling her tales of marital joys and woes, Ms. Gabor confided, “I have learned that not diamonds but divorce lawyers are a girl’s best friend. ” Then, inviting questions, the chairman said, “Let’s keep it on direct, not on cross. ” “What does that mean?” she asked. “That means they’ve got to be nice to you. ”",0
20126,"Pursuing a Dream in Film, With Tips From Spike Lee - The New York Times","Jazmyn Benjamin walked onto the hardwood floor at Madison Square Garden to a symphony of squeaking soles. She made her way through a maze of tall men in tailored sweatsuits rehearsing beneath a basket, to a spot that signified a turning point in her life. “I was standing right here back in 2009 when I interviewed Estelle,” she said, referring to the British singer and songwriter, shortly before the start of a New York Knicks basketball game last week. “I was so nervous that day because she was such a big celebrity, and I was just a    kid in the program. ” Ms. Benjamin  —   now a    senior at Brooklyn College majoring in film production who hopes, she said, “to become the next influential film director”  —   was referring to her days as a student in the MSG Classroom program, which teaches children about jobs in television, including announcing, producing, directing and creating graphics. In 2009, Ms. Benjamin was living with her mother and two younger siblings in a homeless shelter. Things began to brighten when she was one of 10 children from   neighborhoods selected to participate in the Hope Leadership Academy. The academy is run by the Children’s Aid Society, one of the eight agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund. The Children’s Aid Society also provided $300 to Ms. Benjamin to buy clothes to wear during interview assignments and college visits. The academy worked with the Garden of Dreams Foundation, a nonprofit that helps children facing obstacles, to form the MSG Classroom program, which allows students to use Madison Square Garden as a laboratory of sorts. Program members are free to interview MSG employees and officials players with the Knicks, the New York Rangers and the New York Liberty and celebrity guests booked by MSG Entertainment. “That experience is what motivated me to want to become the next Martin Scorsese, the next Quentin Tarantino, the next Spike Lee,” Ms. Benjamin said. “There aren’t nearly as many female directors out there, so I would love to break through and contribute my own artistic vision to the industry. And if that means directing a drama or a horror flick or a cheesy romantic comedy, it really doesn’t matter. I just want the opportunity to put my own creative stamp on something. ” Having long recognized Ms. Benjamin’s desire to become a director, program officials gave her the chance to meet Mr. Lee, an avid Knicks fan. His directorial skills, Ms. Benjamin said, “changed the film game in a lot of ways. ” The meeting took place during halftime at the Knicks game against the Oklahoma City Thunder last Monday, when Ms. Benjamin was escorted to a section of courtside seats where she found Mr. Lee chatting with the comedian Chris Rock. Mr. Lee immediately invited Ms. Benjamin over, and wasted no time offering her valuable advice. “The easiest way to break into this business is to be a   with a hyphen,” he said. “How are your writing skills? Do you keep a journal? Do you write down your story ideas every single day? Just keep writing. ” Mr. Lee became animated when Ms. Benjamin said to him, “When you came along, you did a lot of things that were new at the time, and now it sometimes feels as if everything has already been done. ” “That’s not true,” he said. “There’s a whole new world of cinema yet to be discovered, and we need more female directors like yourself out there trying to find it. So keep believing in yourself and do not let anyone discourage you from telling a story you want to tell. That’s just noise that you don’t want to hear. ” Mr. Lee offered one more directorial tip. “Always remember that a good director needs to be surrounded by very good actors, because the best actors might bring something extra or new to a role that you never expected,” he said. “You’ll find that out one day when you’re directing Denzel. ” When their conversation ended, Mr. Lee invited Ms. Benjamin to spend a day on the set of his coming Netflix show, “She’s Gotta Have It,” named for Mr. Lee’s first movie, released in 1986. The series is being filmed in Brooklyn. “Oh my goodness,” Ms. Benjamin said, her smile widening. “That would be amazing. ” Andrea Greenberg, president and chief executive of the television company MSG Networks, which runs the program, and a board member of the Garden of Dreams Foundation, said that Ms. Benjamin was “just one example of the   impact and effect the foundation has on our kids, which is something we pride ourselves on  —   and we are very proud of Jazmyn. ” So is Ms. Benjamin’s mother, Monica, who watched as Mr. Lee held court with her daughter. “What an amazing night,” said the elder Ms. Benjamin, who now lives with her three children in an apartment of their own in West Harlem. “Jazmyn is a very artistic person who has impressed me with a few film projects she has directed at school,” she said. “She’s always looking for that different camera angle, always trying new and creative things, and in that regard, she’s a lot like Spike. ”",0
20127,#TrumpProtest: Communists Mobilize To Disrupt President-Elect Trump’s Inauguration,"You are here: Home / *Articles of the Bound* / #TrumpProtest: Communists Mobilize To Disrupt President-Elect Trump’s Inauguration #TrumpProtest: Communists Mobilize To Disrupt President-Elect Trump’s Inauguration November 11, 2016, 6:35 am by Guest Author Leave a Comment 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Party for Socialism and Liberation, a “revolutionary Marxist organization” burns President-Elect Trump in effigy on November 9, 2016 outside L.A. City Hall. “Progressive people from all over the country will be descending on Washington, D.C. on January 20, 2017 to stage a massive demonstration along Pennsylvania Avenue on Inauguration Day.” – ANSWER Coalition The Party for Socialism and Liberation , along with many other Marxist groups, is aggressively organizing to disrupt President-Elect Donald Trump’s inauguration through mass mailings and social media. The ANSWER Coalition is a front group for the Party for Socialism and Liberation, a revolutionary Marxist organization in the United States that was formed in 2006 after splitting with the Workers World Party . The Party for Socialism and Liberation favors the revolutionary beliefs of Mao and Trotsky. They are Pro North Korea, pro-Cuba and pro-Iran. This author is old enough to remember a rodeo clown who wore an Obama mask getting nation-wide attention for being “racist” and being banned for life from the Missouri State Fair in 2012. Ponder that while considering the complete lack of mainstream media attention for this: “There will be casualties on both sides. People have to die to make a change in this world.” 
The poor girl has no idea that she is a pawn to be used by communist thugs. 
Or this: 
— Marcus Yam (@yamphoto) November 10, 2016 Party of Socialism and Liberation via Yahoo 
In a mass mailing (also on their website ), the Marxist group divulges their support for Communist Bernie Sanders and explains in part: This country needs a real political revolution. Millions of people feel entirely disenfranchised by a political system that delivered the least favorable and trusted candidates in U.S. history. Many hoped that the Bernie Sanders campaign would represent a new direction and opportunity to take on entrenched power and extreme inequality, for a higher minimum wage, to defend Social Security, rebuild the labor movement, provide universal health care and free tuition. That campaign was largely suppressed, but its end does not change the desires and aspirations of tens of millions of people, workers and youth in particular, who are demanding real change. On Inauguration Day, thousands will be in the streets to give voice to the millions of people in this country who are demanding systemic change. 
Their presidential candidate was Gloria Estela La Riva , wants to “build a movement against capitalism !” #voteSocialist2016 ! Protest on Inauguration Day Jan 20th Against War, Racism & Inequality @GloriaLaRiva @pslweb https://t.co/Mkq7oddlvK 
— La Riva 4 President (@VotePSL) November 8, 2016 
Many other socialist organizations have been out protesting, such as the Socialist Alternative , a Trotskyist group that claims Seattle council woman Kshama Sawant as a member. Socialist #Seattle councilmember calls for massive protest, nationwide shutdown on Inauguration Day 
— Ashli Blow (@AshliKIRO7) November 9, 2016 Paper on the ground at the #TrumpProtest in D.C. mentions another protest on Inauguration Day. pic.twitter.com/CISDo7bvXt 
— Natalie DiBlasio (@ndiblasio) November 10, 2016 Already 10K people joining the #NotMyPresident protest on Inauguration day at the Capitol. Set up for a crazy scene",0
20128,Indians Rush Frantically to Launder Their ‘Black Money’ - The New York Times,"MUMBAI, India  —   Indians’ ingenuity is being mightily tested as they rush to save their “black money,” stashes of hundreds of thousands, even millions, of rupees they have accumulated without paying taxes. For decades, Indians have stuffed their mattresses with   and   notes, the most widely circulated bills, worth the equivalent of a few dollars. But Prime Minister Narendra Modi wanted to tax that money. His strategy was to force Indians to reveal what they had been hoarding. How? He banned the bills and told people that they had to exchange them for new ones. The ban, which was announced on Nov. 8, has thrown the economy into chaos and sent Indians on a desperate search for some way, any way, to launder their accumulated money and avoid a financially disastrous loss. People can exchange the banned notes through the end of the year for smaller denominations or new bills that are being created. Because more affluent Indians are allowed to deposit only 250, 000 rupees, or about $3, 700, without proof that they paid taxes, some are handing wads of cash to poor people, paying them a fee to hold the money in their accounts and return it later. Others are thronging jewelry stores and designer boutiques, carrying suitcases of banned currency notes, begging to buy something with backdated receipts. “People felt, rather than turn my money into toilet paper, let me have a beautiful outfit,” Tina Tahiliani Parikh, the executive director of the Ensemble group of   Indian fashion stores, said in an interview. Some have thrown in the towel, rather than risking an investigation into their taxes, filling pillowcases and paper bags with the old currency and dumping them in the trash. Notes of 1, 000 rupees, the equivalent of about $15, have been spotted floating down the Ganges River. About a third of all business in India is carried out using black money. Whole industries, like real estate, trading, luxury retailing and wedding services, have been fueled by black money for decades. They have slumped. Indians line up for hours in a quest for the   notes that they are allowed to receive in exchange at banks and the 2, 500 rupees that they can withdraw from A. T. M.s each day to pay for necessities. They often wait hours only to find that the bank or A. T. M. has run out of notes, which are scarce because the new ones are still being printed. The Supreme Court of India on Friday refused to block cases being brought in lower courts challenging Mr. Modi’s currency ban. The court said that people were frantic, and that the cases were a sign of a serious problem. The chairman of the Indian Banks’ Association said on Friday that all of the nation’s banks would limit the exchange of banned notes to older citizens and their own customers on Saturday so the staff could focus on normal banking. To a certain extent, analysts say, the Indian economy is so dependent on black money that economic dislocation was unavoidable if India was to seriously attack the problem. “In an emerging market economy like India, where corruption was deep rooted and long lasting, there is no way to put in place reform without significant disruption in the short run,” said Eswar S. Prasad, a professor of economics at Cornell University. A Mumbai novelist, Namita Devidayal, in a Times of India column  last week, described the efforts by many of India’s wealthy women to salvage “those happy little bundles which she would whip out of her cupboard safe. ” Some were trying to pay their maids a year’s salary upfront, using the old notes, which the maids could ostensibly convert to new currency at the bank because the total was under the $3, 700 limit. Others were paying for a year’s hairdressing services in the old notes. Still others were pressing personal trainers, yoga teachers and children’s tutors to take cash upfront for months of services. Ms. Devidayal argued in an interview that the wealthy were “always trying to find some bargain by saving on taxes” and were by far the biggest exploiters of the   system. “I know wealthy women so used to handling cash they can tell how much money there is by the weight of a bundle,” she said. Ms. Parikh said some customers had shown up with suitcases of cash, beseeching her staff to pretend that the purchases were made days earlier, which the staff refused to do. Some other luxury goods stores not only obliged customers but solicited them, sensing an opportunity, Ms. Parikh said. “Everyone has tricks up their sleeves, backdating bills,” she said. Real estate has been particularly hard hit by the ban on black money, since sale documents filed with the government typically reflect only the portion of the sale price paid by check. As a result, the sellers have no way of explaining to the tax authorities how they received the cash, which can account for as much as 60 percent of the deal. People who had just sold property were particularly out of luck, since they have not had a chance to spend or invest the cash they received. One man who had just received 3. 5 million rupees, or about $51, 000, in a real estate sale said he was hiring 14   people to deposit the 250, 000 rupees in old notes that they are allowed to put into their accounts without raising questions. Such tactics, called bundling, are illegal in the United States. Whether these schemes are successful will depend on the scrutiny of bank officials and the tax authorities. The Modi administration has said it will exercise extreme vigilance to prevent them, but the Indian government’s record in the area of corruption is not strong. Nevertheless, the pledge to crack down has ignited such fear of future income tax investigations that some people have been dumping cash. Several garbage pickers in Mumbai have found pillow cases and sacks filled with cash in recent days, said Saumya Roy, the chief executive of the nonprofit Vandana Foundation, which makes loans to the garbage pickers, among other   residents in Mumbai and elsewhere. In a country where government oversight is weak, it has been easy to transact business in cash and to avoid taxes. Paying cash was also a way of avoiding the scrutiny of tax authorities who might question where a family, particularly that of a politician or wealthy business owner, had amassed the resources to spend enormous amounts of money on real estate or a wedding. “India is so crazy and complicated,” Ms. Devidayal said. “The option of not having black money is very much there, but because it’s so habitual and easy, and you can just say, ‘I had to do it,’ many people did. ” Cash had become so ingrained in the real estate industry that it was difficult to make a deal without paying some portion under the table. When Ramanan Laxminarayan, a Princeton University senior research scholar, tried to buy an apartment in the New Delhi area, he was told that he would have to provide 60 percent of the purchase price, about $420, 000, in cash to close the deal. Unable to raise such sums, he gave up trying to buy. “I said, ‘Is it legal?’ They said, ‘Of course not,’” Mr. Laxminarayan said. India’s lavish weddings have taken a big hit. Families that had stashed large amounts of black money to spend in the coming wedding season, which starts in December, are scrambling to make contingency plans. “This whole business is largely in cash,” from the caterer and musicians to the jeweler and ornate saris, said Satish Arora, a caterer and decorator in Faridabad, a city near Delhi. Several marriages planned for   hotels have been downscaled, he said. Now, the best many can manage is “a simple joint reception. ” The luxury goods market also has been flattened. Business at some of Ms. Parikh’s Ensemble shops has dropped 60 percent since Mr. Modi announced his ban, she said. “We don’t know what will be normal in the future,” she said.",0
20129,SONEG El Mundo Today 2×09: ¿Eres demasiado amable?,© El Mundo Today Más historias Calvin y Klein se separan obligando a miles de personas a partir en dos sus calzoncillos EL MUNDO TODAY RADIO Este sitio web utiliza cookies para analizar cómo es utilizado el sitio. Las cookies no te pueden identificar. Si continuas navegando supone la aceptación de la Política de Cookies. Estoy de acuerdo. Más info.,0
20130,Death Spiral: Aetna Exits Obamacare Exchanges Citing $700 Million in Losses - Breitbart,"Health insurance giant Aetna said it will exit all Obamacare exchanges in 2018, citing significant losses. [The health insurance company announced it will withdraw from its two remaining exchanges in Delaware and Nebraska next year.  TJ Crawford, an Aetna spokesman, said, “Our individual commercial products lost nearly $700 million between 2014 and 2016, and are projected to lose more than $200 million in 2017 despite a significant reduction in membership. ” Crawford said that Obamacare’s structural issues “have led to   failures and carrier exits, and subsequent deterioration. ” Aetna announced earlier that would it would pull out its Iowa and Virginia exchanges as well. Insurers, including Aetna, lost money on the Obamacare exchanges because not enough young people signed up for insurance on the public exchanges to offset the cost of older and sicker individuals. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said in a statement on Wednesday that Aetna’s move “adds to the mountain of evidence that Obamacare has failed the American people. Repealing and replacing it with   solutions that stabilize the marketplace to bring down costs and increase choices is the only solution. ” The Obamacare exchanges are facing lower engagement. Humana announced it will be dropping out of the exchanges in 2018. Other major insurers such as Anthem and Cigna will soon decide their future participation in the Obamacare exchanges. Aetna chief executive Mark Bertolini said that Obamacare is on a “death spiral. ” Molina Healthcare suffered a significant loss on the federal exchanges and will be evaluating its future participation in the exchanges on a state by state basis for 2018. Aetna will exit the Obamacare exchanges amidst an uncertain future for health care. The House passed a revised version of the American Health Care Act (AHCA) and now the Senate will take up health care reform. House Freedom Caucus chair Mark Meadows, who successfully brokered a deal with moderate Republicans on the House bill, will now work with Senate colleagues on a “grand compromise” for health care. Republicans seek to use the news of Aetna’s withdrawal as a reason for repealing large sections of Obamacare, whereas Democrats argued that Republicans’ repeal efforts create uncertainty in the health insurance market, forcing insurers to exit the exchanges. President Donald Trump, citing Aetna’s withdrawal from the Virginia exchanges, also says that Obamacare is in a “death spiral. ” Death spiral! ’Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018, citing expected losses on INDV plans this year’https:  .   —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 4, 2017,  Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It’s dead!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 5, 2017,   ",0
20131,"Judge Jeanine: Comey ’Addicted to Drama,’ Downfall Was His ’Hubris’ - Breitbart","In her Saturday “Opening Statement” on Fox News Channel’s “Justice,” Jeanine Pirro reacted to former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee.  Pirro said Comey is “addicted to drama and center stage,” adding that his downfall was his “hubris. ” “[O]ne thing never leaked [was] that Donald Trump was never under investigation,” Pirro stated. “Why refuse to say the president is not under investigation? You say because maybe one day he will be? That’s your response? Maybe one day Martians will take a seat on the United States Supreme Court. Could it be, Jim that being a team player is not in your DNA, that only center stage will do for you? And you’re pretty damn wily when asked if an FBI agent has a duty to report a crime. ” She went on to say, “Jim, you are a political operative, you always have been. One that’s addicted to drama and center stage. But, like the main character in all Greek tragedies, your downfall is a consequence of a tragic fall, a major weakness your hubris. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
20132,"PINKERTON: The Fate of Obamacare in the Trump Era -- What the Middle Class Wants, It Will Get","In the first installment of this series, we explored the past fight over Obamacare and the coming fight over Trumpcare.  Of course, it will be a while before we know exactly what Trumpcare will look like the details are still being worked out. [Second in a series  …        And yet even now, we can make a general prediction:  When all is said and done, the Trumpcare that replaces Obamacare will reflect the interests of Trump voters, and the middle class.  It will thus be different from past efforts, coming from both sides of the aisle, to devise a workable form of health insurance.    1. The New Republican Party  So now let’s start by taking a look at the Trump vote and, more broadly, the middle class.  As President Donald Trump likes to say, he’s the messenger of a movement, and here are some key facts about that movement —  specifically, about the 62, 980, 160 Americans who voted for Trump. The most obvious point is that the   GOP is no longer —  if it ever was —  the “party of the rich. ”  Even Democrats, if they are honest, have to admit that much.  Indeed, there’s been something of a   inversion in our national politics.      So Republican officeholders might do well to look closely at their voters, including the many new GOP voters.  In 2016, of the 10 states (including the District of Columbia) with the highest median income, nine voted for Hillary Clinton.  Conversely, of the 10 states with the lowest median income, nine voted for Trump.  We can pause to note that Trump voters themselves are typically not impoverished, and yet, many of them live in relatively poor states, where they find themselves sandwiched in the middle.  According to the nationwide 2016 exit poll, Clinton won the poor, as well as the rich, while Trump won those in between.   And it’s this Middle America, of course, that feels most besieged.  As Trump said in his January 20 inaugural address, it’s because of globalization that “the wealth of our middle class has been ripped from their homes and then redistributed across the entire world. ” Indeed, the effects of globalization, which have favored the few and hurt the many, are stark: According to a   study by the liberal Brookings Institution, the 472 counties that Clinton carried last year accounted for 64 percent of the nation’s wealth, while the 2584 counties that Trump carried accounted for the remaining 36 percent.  And the people in those “blue dots” know who’s been good to them.  Thus it was, for instance, that Clinton got 84 percent of the vote in the rich globalist citadel of San Francisco and 87 percent of the vote in the equally affluent Manhattan.   Meanwhile, in the same election, Trump won 118 of 120 counties in Kentucky, which ranks 47th in the country in terms of median family income.  Indeed, in the Bluegrass State’s iconic Harlan County, scene of so much   tragedy and strife over the last     —  only now to find itself, along with the rest of coal country, in the crosshairs of the affluent global greens —  Trump won with almost 85 percent.   Moreover, if we drill down in another gritty state, Michigan, we can see even more evidence of how the political deck has been shuffled.  As we all know, Trump won the predominant   areas of the Wolverine State, thereby becoming the first Republican presidential candidate to win there since 1988. Notably, Trump won   Macomb County, just outside of Detroit, home to a population of more than 850, 000.  Macomb was long a stronghold of the United Auto Workers, and then, in the 1980s, it became notable as a new fortress of “Reagan Democrats. ”  Then many of those Reagan Democrats reverted back to Bill Clinton and his party in the 90s Macomb even went for Barack Obama in 2012, preferring him over     Mitt Romney.  And yet, in 2016, Trump carried the county by nearly a dozen points.   And this is, to put it mildly, an historic shift.  In recent decades, other Republican presidential candidates, such as Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan, have carried Michigan, but their coattails were insufficient to win many House seats.  And yet today, in the 115th Congress, Republicans now control nine of the state’s 14 Congressional districts. So this is the new Republican Party.  As Trump said of the GOP in May, “Five, 10 years from now —  different party. You’re going to have a worker’s party. ”  In fact, we didn’t have to wait even that long, as the 2016 results show.  In the   words of Trump campaign adviser Steve Moore, “Just as Reagan converted the GOP into a conservative party, Trump has converted the GOP into a populist   party. ”  Thus we can now look at a    election map and see: There are rich blue dots (and also, poor blue dots) amidst a broad swathe of   red.  2. Goodbye Obamacare Hello, Trumpcare  Okay, so now to healthcare —  or, more precisely, health insurance.  As I have argued here recently, health itself is sometimes far different from health insurance.    Yet in the meantime, Trump campaigned on getting rid of Obamacare, as did Republicans in Congress.  So it’s a near certainty that the Affordable Care Act of 2010 will cease to exist.  And yet what will replace it?  Stipulating that the new plan is still unannounced, here’s an overall thesis statement for your consideration: In the long run, policy follows politics.  That is, people vote their policy interests, as they see them, and politicians had better be respectful of those interests.  And if they aren’t, then the voters will catch on quickly enough and throw them out of office.  And so it is, too, with healthcare.  So now we can add a further point: How you see healthcare depends in large part on where you stand economically.  This is not an argument about class this author is hardly a class warrior.  Instead, it’s a simple observation: People at different income levels have different experiences with the health system.  For the rich, health insurance is no problem they can afford all the healthcare they need or want, with or without health insurance.  And for the poor, health insurance is also not an issue they get it from the government, mostly through Medicaid, but also by simply coming into a hospital emergency room.  (Under a federal law in place since 1986, the ER has to take of anyone, regardless of ability to pay, or of citizenship status.)   Stuck in between, of course, is the middle class.  Especially these days, when companies are shedding their benefit packages, families have to scramble to buy adequate health insurance, dodging all the bureaucrats, both public and private.  In fact, just the other day here at Breitbart, Ann Coulter wrote about all the vexations she experienced in trying to buy private health insurance.  Moreover, not all healthcare is equal.  In fact, health and longevity vary strikingly by income.  Not surprisingly, those at the top do the best according to a 2015 report from the federal National Academies of Science, Engineering, and Medicine, a    man in the upper income quintile, or category, can expect to live another 38 years those in the   quintile can expect to live another 37 years.  Meanwhile, those in the exact middle can look forward to another 33 years.  Those in the   have another 28 years, while those at the bottom have another 26 years.  So we can see the wide disparity —  a   gap of longevity between the top and the middle, and a   gap between the top and the very bottom.  (Statistics for women show the same      although women typically live a couple of years longer than men.) So what’s causing this lifespan gap?  Yes, the rich can afford all the bells and whistles of “concierge medicine” and Number   hospitals, and yet as   Atul Gawande wrote recently, the biggest single variable in health outcomes is a regular visit to a general practitioner it’s the family doctor, knowing the patient, and his or her medical history, who can usually spot, for example, the difference between a heart attack and an allergic reaction.  As Gawande explains:  States with higher ratios of   physicians have lower rates of general mortality, infant mortality, and mortality from specific conditions such as heart disease and stroke.  Other studies found that people with a   physician as their usual source of care had lower subsequent   mortality rates than others, regardless of their initial health. All right, so how might all this be reflected in a   health plan?  We can start by recalling the Republican critique of Obamacare and, before that, of Clintoncare —  that being the failed effort by Hillary in the 1990s.  Republicans always said, “Don’t let a bureaucrat get between you and your doctor,” and they had a point —  a lifesaving point.  Such blunt wisdom is sure to inform the Trump administration’s health plan.   Indeed, the middle class can take comfort in the   background of many key Trump advisers.  The   origins of Stephen K. Bannon, son of a Richmond, VA, telephone lineman and splicer, are well known.   Yet less   is the life story of another top White House aide, Anthony Scaramucci he is the son of a Long Island construction worker who went on to earn a fortune as an investor.  Recently, Scaramucci recalled  what it was like to be on the campaign trail with Trump, mingling with the crowds of supporters:  Indeed, Trump is the only    to have been inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame he has long been friends with the wrestling entrepreneurs Vince and Linda McMahon, and, in fact, has named Linda McMahon to head up the Small Business Administration.  So it’s no wonder that Trump used the old union word, “solidarity,” in his inaugural address —  a first for a president.  Continuing in that solidaristic theme, he added, referring to the American people:  And yet at the same time, most Americans do like the idea of helping young people get health insurance, and of preventing insurance companies from denying coverage to those with   conditions.  The polls show that ordinary people embrace those provisions by ratios of 2:1 or more.   Indeed, no less than Trump himself declared on January 15 that in his forthcoming plan, he wants to see  “insurance for everybody. ”  In that spirit, Sen. Lamar Alexander ( .) the chairman of the mighty Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, has been vocal on one salient point: The repeal of Obamacare must be accompanied by the replacement of Obamacare that is, by a better Trumpcare.  As Alexander said on January 18, while he and his panel heard the testimony of Tom Price, slated to be Trump’s new Secretary of Health and Human Services: Obamacare should be finally repealed only when there are concrete practical reforms in place to give Americans access to truly affordable health care.  Alexander added, “It’s not about developing a quick fix. ” That is, it’s about getting the new   policy right.  Repeal and replace.   And on January 26, Alexander reiterated his prudential approach, saying: Step by step, we will build better systems that give Americans access to truly affordable health care.  We will do this by moving health care decisions out of Washington, D. C. and back to states and patients. We can observe that Alexander is closely reflecting the views of the folks back home in Tennessee: Yes, they voted for Trump, and their elected officials almost unanimously opposed Obamacare.  And yet at the same time, Tennesseans, overall, are not rich —  they rank 45th in the nation, just two places above neighboring Kentucky.  Indeed, median income in the Volunteer State is more than 15 percent below the national median.   We can thus observe: People of modest means tend not to be libertarians they are usually willing to work hard, but life has taught them that they occasionally need protection to keep the wolf away from the door.   To put that point another way, they don’t wish to take a leap into the dark when it comes to their health and the health of loved ones.  Yes, the people of Tennessee like their freedom and independence, but they also know that their freedom, as well as health, can be jeopardized, too, by arrogant and unfeeling private health insurers.  The idea that careful provision needs to be made for all Americans is not a controversial position among leading Republicans.  Yes, sometimes there’s “noise” over precise   such as “access” vs. “coverage” —  and, of course, the Main Stream Media is always looking for ways to wedge Republicans apart —  but to the   the underlying unity of most GOPers is  .  For example, on January 18,     Mike Pence said on Fox News, “[Trump] has made it clear in the last few weeks that he wants to do ‘repeal and replace’ concurrently. ” On January 22, House Majority Leader Rep. Kevin McCarthy ( ) echoed that point, saying, “We are going to repeal Obamacare and replace it”: We will assure everybody we are replacing it, just as we’ve always said and just like we’ve had the ideas out there that will allow people to actually have a better relationship with their doctor, not have “one size fits all,” bring more choice into the process  . . . and bring the premiums down . . .  People are going to like what they see. In addition, as the country waits to see what Trumpcare will look like, other  Republicans in the Senate have taken steps toward outlining alternatives to the existing program.  We might observe that they are doing so in a manner that’s in keeping with the GOP’s emphasis on federalism —  that is, pushing maximum   down from the federal level to the state level.   To that end, four Republicans —  Sens. Shelley Moore Capito, Bill Cassidy, Susan Collins, and Johnny Isakson —  have introduced the Patient Freedom Act of 2017, which would allow individual states to decide for themselves whether or not to keep, gulp, Obamacare.  Some might ask: Is the proposal of those four senators too much of a concession to the status quo for most Republicans to swallow?  Will some ideological activists accuse the senatorial quartet of being RINOs?  Perhaps they will.  And yet those four lawmakers were duly elected to represent their respective states we can further note that all of them —  Georgia, Louisiana, Maine, and West Virginia —  have incomes below the national median. That is, folks there may need help, even support, in navigating the   market —  and their elected officials know it. Indeed, another Republican senator, Steve Daines of Montana, has said that he wants to see Medicaid protected as well.  About 236, 000 people —  a quarter of the population —  in his state are on Medicaid.  And that figure, we might note, has increased about 60 percent in the last four years, mostly because of Obamacare.  And so if Obamacare were to be repealed and not replaced, it’s likely that most, if  not all, of those new enrollees would lose their benefits.  So we can ask: Would Daines, eyeing   be happy about that prospect?  Would he vote to cut so many of his own constituents?  Evidently, his answer is “no. ” Not everyone will be happy with Daines’ position, but that’s the hard reality of representative politics.   Perhaps the issue can be finessed somehow, as with   of Medicaid, but it will be a struggle —  one of many.   As they say, politics is that the slow boring of hard boards.  And yes, in case you’re wondering, Montana, too, is below the national median income.   On the other hand, if the reader is curious as to which states are above the median, here’s the full list —  most of them are represented by Democrats.  And so again we see the reality of the new partisan inversion.  In any case, since Republicans control the Senate by just a slim 52:48 margin, Trump and Senate Majority Leader McConnell (as we have seen, Kentucky is relatively poor as well) will have to use caution as they seek to shepherd the Trumpcare replacement model through Congress.  And when that legislation is shepherded, hopefully to a successful completion, here’s a prediction: It will be Trumpian.  That is, it will be cast in the new   model of Donald Trump.   Yes, if done right, Trumpcare will be the sort of legislation that   voters —  including the newest Republican voters —  will feel good about.  And hopefully, other Americans, too, will see its basic intelligence and decency, even if they might still choose to oppose it.   It’s with that inclusive spirit that the new Republican majority has been made, and it’s in that spirit that it will be maintained.",0
20133,Spike Lee: Hillary Clinton Thought She Was ’Entitled’ to the Presidency,"Filmmaker Spike Lee unleashed a flurry of personal insults at President Donald Trump and revealed why Hillary Clinton was wrong to think she was “entitled” to the presidency in an interview this week. [In a brief conversation with Hollywood Reporter at the Cannes Film Festival, the Do The Right Thing director didn’t mince words about the   : “He’s not my president. I call him Agent Orange. ”  “There was some clip I saw yesterday of him dancing with the Saudis that was just ludicrous,” Lee said about Trump recent foreign trip to Saudi Arabia. “Not only is he not a good president, he can’t dance either,” Lee said while laughing. “He could be impeached on his rhythm. He’s the clown with the nuclear codes. ” Lee endorsed Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders for president in a radio ad last February and blasted the Democrat party’s “rigged” primary system. When asked if he ever came around to supporting Clinton, Lee unloaded on the former frontrunner. “Have you read the book Shattered? Great book,” Lee said of the new Clinton campaign   Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton’s Doomed Campaign, which offers a blistering    look at how Hillary Clinton lost the election.  “Hillary comes with entitlement. They thought they were entitled to this and despite what you might think, you gotta work,” Lee explained. “If you’re chilling at Martha’s Vineyard, and think ‘It’s a done deal.’ But it wasn’t. There’s one thing you can learn from sports. To quote Yogi Bear: “It ain’t over ’til it’s over. ” They thought it was theirs. Shit don’t work like that. ” The   director also said he wouldn’t support actor and former professional wrestler Dwayne Johnson as a presidential candidate without first knowing his politics. Johnson’s name has been floated as a possible Democratic contender to take on Trump in 2020. “No. Well, I’d need to know how he stood on issues. ” Lee said, adding that Johnson’s presidential ambitions, real or not, comes off as unauthentic, given Trump’s jump from reality TV host to 45th president. “The thing is, everyone thinks they can be president. Like, “Look, that guy did it. ” Lee is attending the Cannes Film Festival in France this week. The filmmaker moderated a QA with singer Elton John on Monday.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson",0
20134,Trump Meets With Al Gore on Climate Change While House G.O.P. Rebuffs Tariff Plan - The New York Times,"  Donald J. Trump and his daughter Ivanka met with former Vice President Al Gore on Monday to discuss   climate change. And a   believer finds the truth at a pizza parlor.  Al Gore thought he would be bending the ear of the adviser Mr. Trump trusts most, his daughter Ivanka. Instead, the man bearing “The Inconvenient Truth” went straight to the source: the   himself. “I had a lengthy and very productive session with the ” Mr. Gore, the former vice president, told reporters at Trump Tower. “It was a sincere search for areas of common ground. I had a meeting beforehand with Ivanka Trump. The bulk of the time was with the   Donald Trump. I found it an extremely interesting conversation, and to be continued. ” Hundreds of scientists are also telling Mr. Trump in a new letter that climate change is real and needs to be addressed: “We urge you to decide if you want your presidency to be defined by denial and disaster, or acceptance and action,” says the new letter, which will be sent on Tuesday and has already been signed by 700 scientists and academics from related disciplines. The letter lists six steps the   can take to help protect the nation’s “economy, national security, and public health and safety. ” Getting Mr. Trump, who has called climate change a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese, to turn around on the issue might not be as unlikely as his public statements would make it seem. It may come down to who has his ear last. It must have felt familiar to Mr. Gore, confronting a   who had just lost the popular vote but won the Electoral College. In point of fact, Mr. Gore’s loss to George W. Bush pales in comparison with Hillary Clinton’s. If you’re still counting, Mrs. Clinton’s popular vote lead over Mr. Trump climbed to 2, 597, 156 over the weekend, five times Mr. Gore’s final lead over Mr. Bush. And at 2 percentage points, Mrs. Clinton’s lead has equaled Jimmy Carter’s victory spread over Gerald Ford in 1976. On Tuesday, House Democrats will convene a forum on the “Electoral College and the Future of American Democracy. ” No word on whether they will be picking up the tab to move Californians to Florida and Ohio. The electoral recriminations keep rolling in. A former Breitbart News reporter claimed last night on Facebook that he planted Clinton hecklers at her rallies, and has since deleted the post. The gunman who stormed a Washington pizzeria on Sunday confirmed that he was motivated by online articles that convinced him that the restaurant, Comet Ping Pong, “was harboring sex slaves” and that he was “armed to help rescue them,” according to documents released at his arraignment. After the suspect, Edgar M. Welch, “found no evidence that underage children were being harbored in the restaurant,” he surrendered peacefully, the documents said. The truth now known, perhaps Mr. Welch could tell the son of the  ’s pick for national security adviser, who said on Twitter: Also, if he had kept his assault rifle stashed, the gunman could have enjoyed a pizza and a beer, but we Washingtonians understand the wait for a   table can be pretty long. The House majority leader said a   Congress would not support the  ’s vow to hit companies that move overseas with a hefty tariff on goods sent back to the United States. And House Speaker Paul D. Ryan hinted strongly that he wouldn’t go along either. “I don’t want to get into some kind of trade war,” Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, the majority leader, said in response to vehement threats by Mr. Trump over the weekend. Mr. Ryan echoed Mr. McCarthy’s view that an overhaul of the corporate tax code would better keep jobs in the United States than a punitive tariff on companies that send work abroad. “I think we can get at the goal here, which is keep American businesses American, build things in America and sell them overseas. That can be properly addressed in comprehensive tax reform,” the speaker told a Wisconsin reporter. In a storm of Twitter posts over the weekend, the   had been uncompromising on the proposal. An umbrella organization of Jewish groups is holding a Hanukkah party at the new Trump International Hotel in Washington, and one of its member groups is not too happy about it. “In the years to come, Jews in America are going to be regularly tested to make the right choices, and this is clearly not one of them,” wrote Peter Pepper and Ann Toback, the president and executive director of the Workmen’s Circle, in a letter to Malcolm Hoenlein, the executive vice chairman of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations. In a telephone interview, Mr. Hoenlein said that the venue choice had been made by the partner for the party, the Azerbaijani Embassy, and that it was one of the few places that would hold a kosher reception on short notice. “There’s no other significance to it,” Mr. Hoenlein said, adding that Mr. Trump is not yet president, “so there’s no conflict. ” Of course, that partner, Azerbaijan, isn’t terribly popular either. Mr. Trump has a message to the news media: Cover him the way he wants or he’ll just have to keep tweeting  —   regardless of the consequences. The  ’s victory tour started with a bang in Cincinnati when he took a shot at Gov. John Kasich of Ohio and prompted the crowd into another round of “Lock her up” by saying how much he enjoyed beating up on Mrs. Clinton. The next dates are out: ■ Crown Coliseum in Fayetteville, N. C. at 7 p. m. Tuesday ■   Hall in Des Moines at 7 p. m. Central time Thursday. ■ DeltaPlex Arena in Grand Rapids, Mich. at 7 p. m. Friday Retired Marine Corps Gen. James N. Mattis may have led the 1st Marine Division during the invasion of Iraq and later oversaw the campaign for Falluja, but he now thinks the Iraq War was a mistake. “Ladies and gentlemen,” the  ’s choice to be secretary of defense told a conference in California, according to an audio tape obtained by The Intercept, “we will probably look back on the invasion of Iraq as a mistake  —   as a strategic mistake. ” Perhaps not coincidentally, Mr. Trump  —   his boss, should he be confirmed by the Senate  —   had a similar change of views on the war, though the   has famously insisted he always opposed the invasion. Several groups who favor limiting immigration are voicing their opposition to Representative Michael McCaul as a potential secretary of homeland security, saying the Texas Republican has been weak on border security. Mr. McCaul, the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, has been a frequent critic of what he says is the Obama administration’s failure to adequately combat the Islamic State. But groups like the Center for Immigration Studies say Mr. McCaul’s efforts on border security and immigration have been weak and counterproductive. “He’s been the chairman of this critical committee and never tried to push through legislation that adequately addresses border security, immigration and homeland security,” said Jessica M. Vaughan, the director of policy studies at the center. The real aim may be less about opposing Mr. McCaul than opening a lane for the group’s homeland security chief of choice: Mr. Kobach, the Kansas secretary of state. The Federation for American Immigration Reform did not directly oppose Mr. McCaul but said the next secretary of the Department of Homeland Security needed to be someone who would implement real border and immigration security. “If Representative McCaul is chosen to head D. H. S. he will need to take a much more expansive view of border and immigration enforcement than he has in the past,” said Dan Stein, the president of the federation.",0
20135,Processed red meat found to sort you out,"Processed red meat found to sort you out 14-11-16 EATING large amounts of fried and processed red meat sorts you out, it has been confirmed. Researchers at the Institute for Studies found that sausages, bacon and even those microwave burgers can halt the ‘rough’ feeling that typically follows a drinking session but that you also sometimes get for no reason. Professor Henry Brubaker said: “We don’t know how processed red meat works to sort you out. It may be the high salt content, its greasiness or simply something to do with absorbing the life force of the animal. “It’s probably something like the animated map at the start of Dad’s Army , except the German army arrows are the feelings of roughness and the British arrows are sausages, bravely fending it off.” The discovery follows tests in which hungover ‘group A’ was given array of processed meat products including bacon and that pink oblong thing they sometimes sell at Lidl, while ‘group B’ had a grapefruit and some cereal which did not sort them out at all. Brubaker added: “It’s unclear if you can eat too much processed red meat, but probably not because your body can just store it as fat to be used when required.” 
Share:",0
20136,Iran and Boeing Sign $16.6 Billion Deal on Sale of 80 Aircraft - The New York Times,"TEHRAN  —   Iran and Boeing signed a deal for the sale of 80 airplanes on Sunday, five weeks before the inauguration of   Donald J. Trump, whose Republican supporters in Congress have tried to block any aircraft sales to Iran. Iran’s national airline, Iran Air, said that it had signed an agreement with Boeing, an American manufacturer, to purchase the aircraft, at a total cost of $16. 6 billion. In September, the Treasury Department gave approval for Boeing and its European competitor, Airbus, to sell planes to Iran. Boeing confirmed the deal, saying that the contract was reached within the terms of the government license that the department had issued. The sale includes 50     737 planes and 30     777 aircraft. The first airplanes are scheduled for delivery in 2018, with the entire order being fulfilled over 10 years. In a statement, Boeing said the deal would support tens of thousands of American jobs directly associated with production and delivery of the airplanes, and nearly 100, 000 jobs in the broader aerospace industry in the United States. For nearly four decades, no American companies could engage in significant business with Iran, which officially considers the United States an archenemy. But with the deal, the country is not only buying aircraft from an American supplier it also means there will be   interaction between Boeing trainers and employees of Iran Air. The likelihood of the agreement being carried out, however, has decreased with the election of Mr. Trump. His Republican supporters in Congress introduced a bill that attempts to stop sales by Boeing to Iran, obliging the Treasury Department to refuse the licenses needed by American banks to finance such an agreement. The bill passed the House of Representatives in November, but President Obama has vowed to veto the legislation should it also gain Senate approval. Mr. Trump has had different stances on the sales of Boeing aircraft to Iran. In June, his campaign gave out a statement on the negotiations between Iran and Boeing, saying, “The world’s largest state sponsor of terror would not have been allowed to enter into these negotiations with Boeing without Clinton’s disastrous Iran nuclear deal. ” But in January, he complained in a post on Twitter that after the nuclear agreement, which was enacted that month, the Iranians were going to spend their money in Europe rather than in the United States. “Iran is going to buy 116 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them   …     but they won’t buy from U. S. rather Airbus,” he wrote. With American banks possibly being blocked from financing and maybe even transferring money involved in the deal, it is unclear how Iran would pay for the aircraft. The Iranian state news agency, IRNA, in a report on the deal, made no mention who would finance the purchases. It did say that the agreement was not yet fully finalized. Abbas Akhoundi, Iran’s minister of roads and urban development, told state television that the contract was a clear message to the world. “In spite of all the warmongering,” he said, “businessmen and financiers gave a signal to the world that we are supporters of calmness, security and the development of relations. ”",0
20137,Oathkeepers to Prevent Voter Fraud- Operation Sabot,"

I recently interviewed Oathkeepers Stewart Rhodes and one of his writers who goes by the handle of “Navy Jack” about their plans to oversee the elections for fairness and to remove the intimidation that is coming from the Soros/Clinton cabal.
This interview produced some of the best election analysis that is on the airwaves. Among the many points discussed centered around the possibility of Clinton being indicted after winning the election but before the the Inauguration. We would have an old-fashioned Constitutional crisis.
Listen to this fascinating interview and then please circulate this widely. Make it go viral!
 

 
 
P lease Donate to The Common Sense Show 
 
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 

 

This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late . Click Here for more information.
 


C lick here for more information 
 
The sane alternative to Facebook 
Seen.Life-The Facebook alternative- no censorship, no spying– Sign up here 
",0
20138,PressTV-NATO pushes military buildup plans near Russia,"NATO pushes military buildup plans near Russia Wed Oct 26, 2016 6:7AM EU NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg speaks during a news conference at the alliance’s headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, October 25, 2016. (Photo by Reuters) 
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) is pushing for its biggest military buildup near Russian borders, as the Western military alliance continues to harbor perceptions of a Russian “threat” since the days of the Cold War. 
NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg will discuss the plan for military deployments to the Baltic states and eastern Poland at a two-day meeting of NATO ministers in Brussels on Wednesday. 
The military alliance aims to send “battle groups” to the Baltic states and Poland early next year. The groups will consist of 40,000 forces. It will be the biggest military buildup near Russia since the Second World War. More forces would also be deployed if necessary. 
“This is credible deterrence. Not to provoke a conflict, but to prevent conflict,” Stoltenberg claimed contradictorily on Tuesday, referring to the planned deployments near Russia. “Concrete proof that NATO can and will deploy thousands of forces to support our allies. And a clear demonstration of our transatlantic bond.” 
The United States, Germany, Britain, and Canada have already agreed to contribute forces to the “battle groups,” which are to be deployed to Poland, Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia. Norwegian and Italian fighter jets patrol over the Baltics during a NATO air policing mission from an airbase in Lithuania, May 20, 2015. (Photo by Reuters) 
France, Denmark, Italy and other NATO members are expected to contribute forces of their own but have been reluctant so far. 
Anti-Russia by default 
Russia had previously warned that it would take unspecified measures to respond to the increased activities by the Western military bloc. 
It also moved nuclear-capable missiles to its westernmost region of Kaliningrad, near its border with the Baltic countries and NATO member states earlier this month. The Iskander-M cruise missiles are capable of hitting targets across Poland and the Baltics. 
NATO was formed during the Cold War as a means of countering the former Soviet Union. 
The military alliance suspended all ties with Moscow in April 2014, after the then-Ukrainian Crimea Peninsula voted in a referendum to join Russian territory. 
Shortly afterwards, an armed conflict broke out in eastern Ukraine, areas inhabited by an ethnically-Russian population. The Ukrainian government, which militarized the originally peaceful unrest in the regions — known as the Donbass — has ever since been accusing Russia of having a hand in the conflict there. Moscow denies the claim. 
The conflict has so far claimed the lives of more than 9,200 people and left over 21,000 others injured. Loading ... ",0
20139,"Inspired by the U.S., West Africans Wield Smartphones to Fight Police Abuse - The New York Times","DAKAR, Senegal  —   The YouTube video shows a grim scene from Ivory Coast: An unarmed man lies on a street with his arms up. A police officer fires a shot that appears to strike him. The man, a theft suspect, squirms on the road as the officer kicks and hovers over him, firing his weapon several times near his head, bullets hitting the ground just inches away. The officer then aims directly at the man’s forehead and pulls the trigger, killing him. The video, recorded by an onlooker using a cellphone camera, spread widely across social media this summer, attracting comments like “What is this horror. ” “Isn’t this what’s happening in the USA right now?” writes one viewer. “We’re killing innocent people. ” Inspired by the videos that have captured police killings and defined the Black Lives Matter movement in the United States, West Africans are increasingly deploying social media in nations where corruption and abuse by security forces sometimes occur with few repercussions. In America, videos of white police officers shooting unarmed black men have caused a social uprising, exposing what many people see as a deadly national bias in law enforcement. Here in West Africa, where cellphone and internet use has exploded in recent years and social media websites are hugely popular, race is rarely a factor in the videos being shared online. But wealth and power are. So, just as in the United States and other places where social media has enabled protest, citizens who feel marginalized are using the videos to seek justice when law enforcement officers abuse their authority. “There is a general sense that law officials can do pretty much whatever they want,” said Vincent Foucher, an analyst with the International Crisis Group, who has worked extensively in West Africa. “Images are a very powerful way to bring up these issues. ” In Nigeria, capturing law enforcement abuse is so popular that people send in videos and photos taken from scenes of military brutality, bribery by public officials and other misconduct to one of the nation’s biggest television stations, which shows them in a segment called “Eye Reports” during its main news program. “They are now part of the reporting of the good, the bad and the ugly of the country’s social life,” says Lanre Arogundade, the coordinator of the International Press Center in Lagos, Nigeria’s commercial capital. Human rights workers say that the practice of sharing videos in West Africa is a natural extension of longstanding frustrations with abuse of power in the region. But even with today’s ability to capture and broadcast evidence immediately, the videos have not always produced tangible results. Often the clips are hard to verify, and few prosecutions have followed, experts say. Scenes of police officers seeking checkpoint bribes or beating civilians sometimes amount to no more than a handful of Facebook comments expressing indignation. But little by little, many of the videos shared on social media are chipping away at impunity and in some cases drawing widespread attention to problems that the authorities are finding hard to ignore. “These have led to, if not prosecutions, at least more awareness and discussion of violations, and that is really important,” said Sabrina Mahtani, West Africa researcher for Amnesty International. In areas where law and order is scant, videos are sometimes shared online by supporters of the police  —   as a cautionary tale of what happens to wrongdoers who are rightly, if violently, punished for doing bad things. But once they make their way across social media, they are sometimes cited as evidence of abuse by security forces, evoking outrage and injustice. In the video of the officer shooting the man in Ivory Coast, for instance, one onlooker can be heard saying, “Again, do it again!” after the officer shoots the man the first time. Others in the crowd appear to egg on the officer, and at the end of the clip, another person off camera can be heard saying, “Don’t film him, don’t film him,” adding, “You are going to get that police officer in trouble. ” But as the video made its way across the internet, it prompted an uproar in Abidjan, the nation’s economic capital, where the officer was arrested and an official investigation was opened. In a statement widely reported by the local news media, the chief of the Ivorian national police force said it “will not tolerate behavior from its officers that is contrary to the ethics of human rights. ” In July, Sheriff Shittu, who is not a law enforcement officer, was stuck on a highway in Lagos watching a scene he felt deserved the collective outrage of the internet. A soldier was beating a bus conductor, waving a gun and threatening to shoot the man. Other soldiers joined in, shouting, “We’re going to kill him. ” “That was when I took out my phone and started recording,” said Mr. Shittu, who posted the video on YouTube. “It’s a deterrent to abuse and power. This guy didn’t do anything wrong. ” Mr. Shittu said he was inspired by the success of American videos in drawing attention to violence by law enforcement officers and had seen videos of similar episodes shared online that resulted in soldiers being disciplined in Nigeria. “In the past nothing would happen,” he said. “That’s changing now. ” In Conakry, Guinea, a video that was circulated on the internet several months ago showed an armed robbery suspect with his hands and feet tied to an iron bar. Uniformed national police officers paraded him around, suspending him from the bar like an animal carcass, in an attempt to get a confession. “You’re breaking my hands!” the suspect shouts. One of the officers at the scene that day posted the video on his Facebook page, apparently for bragging rights. But it was shared across social media, prompting denunciations from Guinean human rights organizations. The Guinean government, which passed measures in 2011 aimed at cracking down on forced confessions, suspended 13 officers over the episode and opened an investigation into using torture to extract confessions.   citizens certainly have not put a halt to abuses of authority. In Nigeria, the military has been accused of killing countless civilians in recent years. And in some nations, government opposition forces and protesters have been threatened, beaten, jailed or sometimes killed without consequence, even when the abuse was captured on video. But police abuse is not the only issue the videos help address. This spring in Cameroon, onlookers captured a horrific scene   outside a hospital, leading to a national outcry about the state of the health care system. Monique Koumate, who was pregnant with twins, arrived at a hospital in distress and died before she entered. En route to the morgue, her relatives noticed that the fetuses, apparently still alive, were moving inside Ms. Koumate’s body. They rushed back to the hospital but were unable to summon help. Desperate to save the babies, one relative placed Ms. Koumate’s corpse on the sidewalk and sliced open her stomach, pulling out the babies and resting them on her stomach. It was too late. They were dead. The gruesome scene went viral online. A Twitter hashtag #MoniqueKoumate was created, and accusations were aired that the hospital had turned away Ms. Koumate because she could not pay for care. The public outrage prompted the hospital to investigate and led to a report by the National Order of Doctors of Cameroon citing deficiencies and calling for better maternal health care. But police abuse is still the focus of many people, with numerous Facebook and WhatsApp groups in the region dedicated to sharing videos on the topic. In Freetown, the capital of Sierra Leone,   were already recording when Yasmine Bilkis Ibrahim pulled out her phone to film an officer screaming and waving his gun at a terrified unarmed man after an apparent traffic altercation. “I will kill you,” the officer yelled at the man. “And nothing will come of it. ” Ms. Ibrahim, 24, made an immediate link to what is happening in the United States. “If people can use such videos in America to demand justice, I believe we can also demand justice using the same method,” she said. Brima Kamara, a spokesman for the Sierra Leone police, said he belongs to a WhatsApp group, called “Talk With the Police,” made up of police officers, politicians and regular citizens. People often submit video clips to the group, alleging police misbehavior. One recent submission showed two officers fighting. The men were suspended and sent back to the police academy for more training, Mr. Kamara said. He said the videos help improve the police force in a nation still recovering from a brutal civil war that ended 14 years ago. “We often advise officers to be careful of their actions in public because at this age they can’t get away with crimes or actions,” Mr. Kamara said. “Now with the involvement of social media and the smartphones, everything goes public in just a minute. ”",0
20140,Mary Jo White to Step Down as S.E.C. Chief - The New York Times,"Wall Street regulators began an exodus from Washington on Monday as Mary Jo White, the chairwoman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, announced plans to leave the agency. The decision makes Ms. White, a former federal prosecutor who has served more than two decades in the federal government, the first major Obama administration appointee to step down after Donald J. Trump’s upset victory last week. Other financial regulators are expected to follow suit in the coming weeks. The election of Mr. Trump is a   for the S. E. C.  —   and for that matter, all financial agencies. Ms. White was expected to leave no matter the outcome of the election. But many Democrats had hoped that if Hillary Clinton won, she would choose a strong proponent of regulation to succeed Ms. White, whose policies often reflected a political middle ground. Now, the agency is almost certain to be pushed to the right. Mr. Trump has vowed to dismantle   the financial regulatory overhaul Congress passed in response to the 2008 financial crisis. And although   will more likely be watered down than repealed, his appointments will no doubt shift the tone and priorities across financial regulatory agencies. The  ’s biggest move on Wall Street could be his choice for Treasury secretary. Mr. Trump’s short list is said to include Steven Mnuchin, an investment manager and former Goldman Sachs partner who was Mr. Trump’s campaign finance chairman, and Representative Jeb Hensarling, Republican of Texas and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee. Mr. Hensarling is still being considered, in part because of pressure from Congress, but Mr. Mnuchin is the favorite of Mr. Trump’s Wall Street backers, according to someone with direct knowledge but who was not authorized to speak publicly. A decision is expected within 10 days. Either way, the Trump Treasury Department might rein in the Financial Stability Oversight Council, a collection of regulators who examine financial risks and designate companies as systemically important. The Treasury secretary is chairman of the council and could effectively defang it, according to Ian Katz, a policy analyst at Capital Alpha who predicted that the council might essentially become “a quarterly kaffeeklatsch. ” Mr. Trump was elected at a pivotal time for the S. E. C. an agency that had already turned a corner under Ms. White. Unlike Mary L. Schapiro, who inherited a   S. E. C. after the financial crisis, Ms. White needed not to save the agency, but to modernize it, a task that the next administration also will face. Ms. White’s departure, which will take effect at the end of the Obama administration in January, will set off speculation about whom Mr. Trump will select to succeed her. Though such talks have barely begun, the field of potential contenders could include Michael S. Piwowar, a Republican commissioner at the agency. Paul S. Atkins, a former S. E. C. Republican commissioner who has advocated deregulatory policies, is leading Mr. Trump’s effort to select a new chair for the agency and could be a candidate. Anthony Scaramucci, a hedge fund manager who supported Mr. Trump’s candidacy, is also advising the transition team. “As the head of the S. E. C. you’ve got to get back into reffing the game properly and end the demonization of Wall Street,” Mr. Scaramucci said in an interview last week before his appointment to Mr. Trump’s transition team. As other of President Obama’s financial regulators step down, the firewall around his Wall Street legacy will start to crumble. Timothy Massad, the chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, is expected to leave by early 2017, though he could briefly stay at the agency as a Democratic commissioner. An even bigger change could occur at the banking regulators  —   the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency  —   which became a thorn in the side of Wall Street under President Obama. Martin J. Gruenberg and Thomas Curry, the leaders of the F. D. I. C. and O. C. C. will probably leave office next year when their terms expire, or possibly even sooner. Daniel Tarullo, the Federal Reserve governor who oversees many of the central bank’s regulatory efforts, is not expected to serve out his term through early 2022. He could leave early next year, which would deliver a blow to proponents of Wall Street regulation. With turnover at the S. E. C. Ms. White’s legacy could be in jeopardy as well. She oversaw a record number of enforcement actions and directed a rapid pace of   based not only on   but on regulations of her own making. Those initiatives were aimed at improving money market fund regulation and the broader asset management industry. “I think what we’ve done so far has been quite transformative and really modernized that core responsibility,” Ms. White said in a recent interview. Yet Ms. White has not completed more than a dozen rules, nor has she formalized a plan to require that financial advisers act in their clients’ best interests. Now that these initiatives will fall into the hands of a Republican chairman, they may come off the agenda. As it was, Ms. White, a political independent, drew criticism from liberal lawmakers who view her as the quintessential moderate. Senator Elizabeth Warren, the Massachusetts Democrat who channels the populist outrage over Wall Street excess, even called on President Obama to designate a new S. E. C. leader because the agency had not required companies to disclose political contributions. In her first public remarks on the subject, Ms. White said in an interview that the criticism “really does come with the territory. ” “I think I’m a very constructive recipient of constructive criticism,” she said, adding: “It’s not like you like people to beat on your head, whoever they are, however baseless it is. ” Before the S. E. C. Ms. White was the first woman to become United States attorney in Manhattan, one of the most apolitical jobs in government. Earning a reputation as a tenacious prosecutor with an independent streak, Ms. White embraced the joke that her office was the United States attorney for the “sovereign,” rather than Southern, district of New York. “She’s not motivated by any special interest,” said Preet Bharara, a prosecutor under Ms. White who is now the United States attorney in Manhattan. “People may disagree from time to time, and, in fact, in any   environment, it would be unnatural if there weren’t disagreement from special interests and adversaries. But she’s hyper smart and makes a decision immune from any political wind or political criticism, and I think that’s a good way to be. ” Ms. White’s prosecutorial experience  —   she supervised the original investigation into Osama bin Laden  —   raised expectations for her enforcement agenda at the S. E. C. And in its last fiscal year, the agency brought a record 548   enforcement actions. In conjunction with Andrew J. Ceresney, the agency’s enforcement director, Ms. White reversed the S. E. C. ’s longstanding yet unofficial policy of allowing companies to neither admit nor deny wrongdoing.   such admissions have been made since. Other “firsts” occurred under Ms. White and Mr. Ceresney: the first action against a major ratings firm, Standard  Poor’s, and the first action against a company, KBR Inc. for inserting overly restrictive confidentiality agreements that could stifle  . Some of the agency’s most novel cases came against private equity firms that failed to disclose fees and conflicts of interest. Ms. White is known for keeping a workaholic’s schedule. Colleagues said it was common for her to hold a 9 p. m. Sunday conference call, before dispatching    night emails and placing a 5:30 a. m. call to senior staff. But she also promoted staff morale by holding coffee and doughnut sessions. Every holiday season, she would give a party for her staff at Rosa Mexicano restaurant, where she would hand out gifts to each of her aide’s children. Ms. White, a partial Yankees season ticket holder whose favorite moment as S. E. C. chairwoman came when throwing out the first pitch at a Washington Nationals game, said her dream job would be the first female baseball commissioner. “I really don’t think about what I’m doing next until I’m done,” she said, except, “If you have baseball commissioner to offer me, then I can tell you what my plans are. ”",0
20141,Thomas Frank Explores Whether Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party Will Address Inequality, ,0
20142,The Deteriorating Situation in Ethiopia,"Tweet Widget by Yohannes Woldemariam 
The minority ethnic regime in Ethiopia now faces multiple rebellions. The regime’s foreign friends are part of the problem. “Faced with increased intrusion into their lands by so-called international investors, by displacement and by the breakdown of their social fabric, Ethiopians are mobilizing to resist.” The once formidable government coalition “is beginning to unravel.” The Deteriorating Situation in Ethiopia by Yohannes Woldemariam 
This article previously appeared in Pambazuka News . 
“ The revolts are widespread and they appear beyond the power of the state to control and put down.” 
The revolts in Ethiopia have the potential for creating radical, beneficial changes in the political order or instigating complete chaos that crosses its borders and destabilizes the entire fragile Horn of Africa region, for the outcomes of such uprisings have varied considerably from country to country. These protests can be the catalyst for building a new and democratic Ethiopia or end up in tears and disillusionment, as in Libya, South Sudan and many other places in the world. Countries emerging from dictatorships are particularly vulnerable and Ethiopia is certainly under a vicious dictatorship. 
The events in Ethiopia are being described as “Intifada,” “Ethiopian Spring” or as something akin to the Color Revolutions in the Ukraine and Georgia and the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests in China. During the uprising in 2005 protesting the rigged election, the late chief of the Tigrean Peoples’ Liberation Front (TPLF) and Prime Minister, Meles Zenawi, did say that there would not be any more Color Revolutions in Ethiopia. That uprising was put down with hundreds dead and thousands in concentration camps. 
This time, however, the revolts are widespread and they appear beyond the power of the state to control and put down. Apparently, Mr. Zenawi spoke prematurely. Technological innovation is a very important part of this current political mass mobilization, which is why the government has moved with cutting Ethiopia off from the internet and dismantling satellite dishes from the homes of ordinary citizens. Drawing on satellite television, mobile phones and the Internet, the revolts are spreading. Within seconds, activists send their messages against the tyranny. Unsurprisingly, the TPLF oligarchy is extremely fearful of social media websites like Facebook, Twitter and the diaspora media. 
In this piece, I want to reflect on three points: 
1. The celebrity factor: Feyisa Lilesa versus Prime Minister Halemariam Desalegn 
2. Mr. Abay Tsehaye’s reference to Rwanda 
3. The newly declared State of Emergency 
The celebrity factor: Feyisa Lilesa versus Prime Minister Halemariam Desalegn 
In the wake of the Rio Olympics, the profile of the Ethiopian uprising got a boost from Feyisa Lilesa , with his heroic act of crossing his arms on winning the silver medal for marathon, a signature symbol of solidarity of the oppressed Oromo nation to which Feyisa belongs. The influence of the celebrity athlete for social change is formidable, and Feyisa has emerged as a powerful voice for the struggle of his Oromo people, causing nervous shivers in the beleaguered regime. What the death and imprisonment of thousands of Oromos couldn’t accomplish in Ethiopia was achieved by his symbolic act at the finish line. Now the whole world is clued into the terrible conditions in Ethiopia and beginning to learn about the plight of the Oromo people. 
Other Ethiopian athletes have since used their successes to follow suit. Ebsa Ejigu, Tamiru Demissie and Hirut Guangul have used their international successes to publicize the plight of their country’s men and women to an international audience. This trend is likely to continue now as other athletes and celebrities are losing their fear of retaliation and becoming more and more willing to participate in what has become a growing national movement. Yes, these athletes will pay a price. Lilesa is now separated from his wife and children and beckoning an unknown fate. Life in exile will not be easy even for famous athletes. But compared to those losing lives and limbs to bullets in Ethiopia, it is a small price to pay. They are heroes, and their names are already inscribed in history books. 
“These athletes will pay a price.” 
The TPLF reaction to Lilesa’s heroic act can be gleaned from statements given by PM Hailemariam Desalegn. Although the PM is from the Wolayta ethnic group, which was traditionally relegated to the periphery of the Ethiopian mainstream, he has become a willing accomplice and spokesman for the TPLF. Most people regard him as an accidental PM who happened to be in the right place and at the right time when his powerful boss, PM Meles Zenawi, passed away in the summer of 2012. He was handpicked as Zenawi’s deputy because he wasn’t a threat and, as a non-Tigrean, served as a convenient cover and a token representing “diversity” for the TPLF. He is so loyal to the late PM, he still refers to the Meles “vision” in his public pronouncements. Most Ethiopians know that he is just a figurehead with no real power. Yet, in an interview conducted with the online Foreign Policy.com, he is quoted as saying: 
“It’s me who sent [Lilesa] to Rio for the Olympics, and we expected him to come back after winning the medal. . . . [T]his is not the capacity of the man himself. It’s something which has been orchestrated by someone else from outside.” 
It is remarkable that the PM has the audacity to say he sent Feyisa Lilesa to the Olympics, as if Feyisa needed his charitable permission. It is crystal clear that Feyisa earned his place in the Olympics. 
One can readily concede that he may have acquiesced to nepotism by sending to the Olympics the unqualified son of the head of the sports federation, Robel Kiros Habte , who made Ethiopia a laughing stock with his hopeless performance in a swimming race. But no one can doubt that Feyisa went to the Olympics because he was Ethiopia’s best hope for the marathon. And he delivered in no unmistakable terms by winning a silver medal competing with the best and the elites in the world. It is hard to believe that Desalegn referring to Feyisa actually said: “This is not the capacity of the man himself” – thus exposing his own pomposity, shallowness and contempt for the Oromo hero. Clearly, Desalegn has sold his soul to the TPLF devil. To suggest that Feyisa cannot think for himself and act on his own is inexcusably ignorant and arrogant and unbecoming of a prime minster. 
“Desalegn is a sellout with little dignity, reading and parroting whatever script is given to him by the TPLF.” 
Feyisa is not only a fine athlete; he is also a dignified, proud, principled and articulate Oromo and Ethiopian, as he amply demonstrated during the press conference in the Washington D.C. rally where Congressman Chris Smith also spoke. Also, in a direct reply to the PM’s insult, Feyisa quipped: 
“I was not surprised by his comments because individuals who are always controlled by others tend to assume everyone is that way as well. . . . Unlike the prime minister, I make my own decisions and speak for myself.” 
Indeed, Desalegn is a sellout with little dignity, reading and parroting whatever script is given to him by the TPLF. The pretentious PM has replaced the real world with a make-believe virtual world. It is for this reason that he is unable to see realities on the ground; he is temporarily sheltered behind a wall whose mortar is sychophantic servitude and a wicked willingness to say and do anything to appease his TPLF benefactors. 
It is beyond regrettable that Desalegn is unable to see the rapid downside toward further chaos and civil war in Ethiopia that is due to the abject misery and oppression suffered by the people who are subjected to the policies of those he is serving and to whom he has sold his soul. He calls himself a born-again Christian with a straight face. How would Jesus himself, who stood up to the hypocritical Pharisees and threw the money-changers out of the temple in Jerusalem, have regarded a man like Desalegn, who is in bed with the TPLF elites who are the modern day equivalent of the Pharisees in Ethiopia and whose words and actions rarely match? The human suffering that is the result of the violent and continuous repression cannot be seen from inside their ideological castles resting on the thin air of empty rhetoric and shameless self-promotion. 
Desalegn would be well advised to keep his mouth closed to spare himself more disgrace. He has already sunk into the deep end of an abyss. It is depressing to see a human being selling out his people and becoming a slave of oppressors. 
Invoking the specter of Rwanda 
The TPLF ideologue and one of the real powers behind the throne, Mr. Abay Tsehaye, in an interview with the pro-government Radio Fana, compared the situation of Rwanda in the early 90s to the current situation in Ethiopia. He correctly stated that Rwanda was comprised of only two ethnic groups (the Hutu and the Tutsi), really not much of a country, and was on the verge of disintegration. He went on to say that reconciliation occurred and the country recovered. In Ethiopia with over eighty ethnic groups, if the situation goes “out of control,” he concluded, Ethiopia will cease to exist as a country. Every thoughtful person worries about this. However, one can reasonably surmise from his analysis that Ethiopia under the control of his Tigray-dominated government, who make up only six percent of the Ethiopian population, is his guarantee for holding the country together. Mr. Tsehaye fails to recognize the draconian hegemonic policies of his regime as the very reasons for the grim state of affairs in the country. As the Ethiopian uprising makes clear, the various ethnicities are no longer buying TPLF shenanigans and see the TPLF itself as the main cause of Ethiopia’s predicament, as the country descends into possible civil war. 
For anyone willing to see the truth, Ethiopia is in a state of turmoil due to the exploitation of the long-suffering people of Oromia, Ogaden, Gambella and other ethnic groups by the TPLF elite in partnership with international enablers such as China and the United States, the principal rivals in Africa and the Horn region. The TPLF exploitation, in which valuable resources and political roles are dominated by a minority elite that has transformed itself into an oligarchy, has created highly rebellious resentment by the victims while reinforcing a sense of ethnic identity and consciousness. Faced with increased intrusion into their lands by so-called international investors, by the displacement and stunted developments they experience and by the breakdown of their social fabric, Ethiopians are mobilizing to resist. 
“The various see the TPLF itself as the main cause of Ethiopia’s predicament, as the country descends into possible civil war.” 
The government’s state-driven development projects financed by international investors and partners bypass the rural peasants and pastoralists, alienating the people and reinforcing the politics of deep ethnic hierarchy. Recent events have made it clear that TPLF’s “constitutional federalism” has more to do with its divide-and-rule strategy and its elitist allocation of national resources, comparable to actions of the former Soviet Communist Party, which retained tight control over its regions through local parties. The TPLF set up People’s Democratic Organizations, local versions of the ruling party, which squeezed out traditional authority. 
The co-opted ethnic leaders from these regions have either completely lost credibility, are sitting on the fence, or are jumping ship to support the resistance. Key former government figures like Junedin Sado are breaking their silence and speaking out with scathing attacks on the regime. He has apologized to the Ethiopian people for the time that he served under the regime. The so- called coalition that the TPLF built is beginning to unravel. Some Amhara and some Oromo are coming together against the TPLF, overcoming but not necessarily forgetting, the legacy of the historic oppression by Amhara elites which began with Menelik II. 
Abay Tsehaye and TPLF leaders will need to face reality — if they have it in them to be truly concerned about Ethiopian unity. Oromo historical grievances are not myths, as some revisionist history asserts. Oromo land is the most fertile and lush in Ethiopia, in contrast to the northern Ethiopian highlands with its rugged mountains and thin soils contributing relatively little to national economic production, but the Oromo have been alienated from control over their land throughout the 20th century first by the Amhara and now by the new TPLF overlords. 
Acutely divided societies in which no single faction can impose its view might find an ability to arrive at political compromises in a constitutional form. But in Ethiopia, the hegemonic Amhara and now the Tigreans have excluded others from real power-sharing making true constitutionalism elusive. The leaders see the state as a prize to be won, a basis for private accumulation and patronage. But there is not enough patronage to go around, and those excluded from it mobilize their co-religionists and ethnic groups in an increasingly unmanageable opposition. 
The State of Emergency 
In response, the TPLF is relying on intensified repression by security forces, ethnic loyalists and the army. And for the first time in twenty-five years, the regime has declared a State of Emergency , clearly showing how rattled it is by the rebellion in the country. The Prime Minster announced : 
“The cause of this (state of emergency) is that anti-peace forces in collaboration with foreign enemies of the country are making organized attempts to destabilize our country, to disrupt its peace and also to undermine the existence and security of its peoples.” 
This response undoubtedly means more sticks and further erosion of civil liberties in the country but is unlikely to quell the unrest. One of the targets of the State of Emergency is the Internet and Social Media. PM Desalegn did make it a point to rant against diaspora media and the Internet during his appearance in September at the United Nations General Assembly: 
“In fact, we are seeing how misinformation could easily go viral via social media and mislead many people, especially the youth…Social media has certainly empowered populists and other extremists to exploit people’s genuine concerns and spread their message of hate and bigotry without any inhibition...it is critical to underline one matter which is usually given short shrift, both by the media and others. It is simply hypocritical to deny that some of our countries have been targets for destabilization activities carried out with no accountability by people and groups who have been given shelters by States with whom we have absolutely no problems.” 
The regime that Desalegn serves is responsible for suffocating the Ethiopian people by denying them any alternative media. The Ethiopian government is one of the top jailers and harassers of anyone daring to publish or practice independent journalism within the country. Now, Desalegn is shedding his crocodile tears about his inability to control and suppress social media and broadcasting emanating from the diaspora. While he has a point about the inherent potential for the abuse of social media, the regime is responsible for bringing criticisms on itself. In the absence of media freedom in the country, social media and broadcasting from the diaspora acquired enormous significance for Ethiopians hungry for information. It is clear that Ethiopians no longer trust the regime and have little confidence in official government news, which in reality is mostly propaganda. 
“The Ethiopian government is one of the top jailers and harassers of anyone daring to publish or practice independent journalism.” 
Authoritarian regimes adopt various forms of censorship to depoliticize the population and prevent the questioning of their legitimacy. By definition, authoritarian regimes demand strict submission by the media to their political authority. They do so by publishing or broadcasting deceptions in order to maintain their power structures. For example, the regime’s media censored Feyisa’s symbolic gesture in Rio while proclaiming that Feyisa is a national hero and welcome to return home, without any consequences. 
The advent of the Internet has somewhat leveled the playing field by empowering regular Internet users to become content producers by utilizing decentralized and distributed networks such as social media. These uses of media pose a great danger to dictatorial regimes, which are moving to subvert, block social media and limit internet use, as in Ethiopia today. 
China is the leading culprit in creating the technology to enable censorship, which it is sharing with the Ethiopian government. This suppression of the media will not succeed. Freedom-loving people find ways to circumvent these barriers and make determined efforts to stay informed – and, in turn, to inform the whole world. Yohannes Woldemariam is an educator and author. This article previously appeared on the Huffington Post’s Contributor platform. [2]",0
20143,She Drank a Gallon of Water/Day for a Month and Now She Looks 10 Years Younger,". She Drank a Gallon of Water/Day for a Month and Now She Looks 10 Years Younger Sufficient daily water intake is vital for virtually every function within our bodies yet fewer than... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/she-drank-gallon-of-waterday-for-month.html Sufficient daily water intake is vital for virtually every function within our bodies yet fewer than one in five of us drinks enough. Read on to see the results of this experiment. Sarah Smith is a 42 year old mother of two young kids in the UK. She, like many others, openly admitted to not drinking the recommended 2 to 3 liters of water daily. She suffered from poor and sluggish indigestion and regular headaches. Following consultations with medical professionals for both issues she decided to take heed of the advice given – in both cases she had been told that she needed to up her intake of water . She decided to document and photograph what happened in a self imposed experiment whereby she would drink 3 liters, just over 5 pints, of water per day, every day for an entire month and see if she could feel any benefits.At the outset Sarah took a long hard look at her face noting that: “I am 42, but have to admit I look more like 52 in this picture, which is shocking. There are dark shadows under and around my eyes, which make me look exhausted, a profusion of wrinkles and strange reddish blotches, and my skin lacks any lustre. It looks dead… even my lips look shrivelled.” She spread the water out during the day aiming to drink a big jug of water in the morning, another in the afternoon with a third in the evening.At the end of the FIRST WEEK she had already noticed that her bowel function was improved and her urine was virtually clear as the water was flushing out her previously dehydrated poorly functioning kidneys. She noticed sudden skin breakouts, which were a result of the toxins being eliminated from throughout her body. However, her headaches were already gone and her previous joint stiffness first thing in the morning was vastly improved. Water is vital for lubricating the joints. WEEK TWO saw an improvement in her skin tone and general complexion although she noted that her eyes were still wrinkled but said “they look less crepey and shadowy than before”. She also had a visibly flatter stomach and her smart husband paid her the ultimate compliment by noting that her cellulite had vanished! Significantly she had another week headache free.On to WEEK THREE when Sarah was happy to find that her eye wrinkles and dark circles had all but disappeared and her skin was plumper and healthier looking.She noted that she was actually eating less by this stage as she had fallen into the common trap of reading signals from her stomach as being hunger pangs whereas they were actually thirst pangs. Research has shown that 37 per cent of people actually mistake thirst signals for hunger signals. The plentiful water had now stopped her from continually falling into that unhealthy trap.So what about the end of WEEK FOUR ? Sarah said: “I genuinely can’t believe the difference in my face. I look like a different woman. The dark shadows around my eyes have all but disappeared and the blotches have gone. My skin is almost as dewy as it was when I was a child. The transformation is nothing short of remarkable.” She was leaner, fitter and nobody can deny the astonishing change to her appearance. She changed nothing else in her daily routine apart from the water intake. To those already of you already converted to drinking enough water these results will merely confirm what you already know, but to anyone who is guilty of not doing so, will this persuade you to try this for yourself? Alexander : Since we have addressed the miraculous rejuvenating power of water, here is one more mind-blowing fact. According to Gregg Prescott of In5D.com , he was able to restore his hair's original color after only six months of drinking distilled water . In his own words: ""In August of 2010, I was 2 months away from turning 50 and my hair was predominantly gray, with pronounced lines around my eyes. This is when I began to be conscientious about my eating habits and started eating more organic food, although I was still eating processed food as well. I began drinking distilled water in February 2012. By August of 2012, my hair had turned from gray back to its original color and the facial lines were not as pronounced."" And the results are fantastic! Here's a before and after comparison: You can buy a good quality water distiller from Amazon for about $200, which is not that much considering the benefits. Source and references: worldtruth.tv ; dailymail.co.uk ; humansarefree.com  ",0
20144,Feminist Camille Paglia Slams Clinton,"Email 
There is very little truth in politics today. We all, for different reasons, pull for a letter or party rather than for character and ability. We will spin for our candidate because of the party we root for so that others will blindly follow the party line. 
If my guys are running the country, we think, then things will be better. Even though these guys support and do things that are contrary to our definition of ""better."" So, when a person comes out and speaks truth about “their” candidate, it can be refreshing. 
This is why I am so excited by what I read recently 
The Washington Times reports : 
Lesbian feminist author and professor Camille Paglia has delivered a scathing rebuke of Hillary Clinton , saying the sole reason for the Democratic presidential nominee’s success is because she is a woman. 
“It’s an outrage how she’s played the gender card,” Ms. Paglia told The Spectator magazine in an interview published Friday. “She is a woman without accomplishment. ‘I sponsored or co-sponsored 400 bills.’ Oh really? These were bills to rename bridges and so forth. And the things she has accomplished have been like the destabilization of North Africa, causing refugees to flood into Italy … The woman is a disaster!” 
Paglia is well-known for her attacks on modern feminism. And she has boldly stated the truth about this anti-feminist woman, Hillary Clinton . Hillary is a woman who is only well-known because of her womanizing sex-offending husband. 
As I have shown before, there actually may be a shift in power, as those the Democrats have used to gain said power are finally noticing that they are receiving almost nothing in return for their vote. 
Paglia says as much. 
The Times continue: 
“If Hillary wins, nothing will change,” she continued. “She knows the bureaucracy, all the offices of government and that’s what she likes to do, sit behind the scenes and manipulate the levers of power. But people want change and they’re sick of the establishment.” 
She even went as far as giving a point to Trump: 
Ms. Paglia said it’s very unlikely that a Donald Trump presidency would threaten Western civilization, as so many pundits and politicians have predicted. 
Things they are changing. 
Article reposted with permission from Constitution.com Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .",0
20145,"Lula and Simba, Last Surviving Animals at Mosul Zoo, Have Been Rescued - The New York Times","AMMAN, Jordan  —   The last surviving animals in the Montazah   Zoo in the   Iraqi city of Mosul  —   Lula, a bear, and Simba, a lion  —   reached safety at a wildlife shelter in Amman, the Jordanian capital, on Monday night. Their home at the zoo was severely damaged as battles for control of the city, Iraq’s second largest, have raged for months between Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants. A   people are thought to be unable to escape the city. The Islamic State has used civilians as human shields, and American airstrikes, supporting Iraqi counterterrorism forces, have leveled parts of Mosul. A strike in one neighborhood last month was thought to have killed as many as 200 civilians. About 40 animals had died at the zoo in recent months. Some starved and some were killed by bombs, according to Four Paws International, an animal welfare organization based in Vienna that carried out the rescue. Workers said that the animals’ cages were filthy and that Simba and Lula urgently needed veterinary care. Amir Khalil, a veterinarian with Four Paws who led the rescue mission, called it an “authentic odyssey. ” The animals, he said, will now have proper food and medical care, “without living in constant danger of a nearby war zone and noise of bomb blasts in the background. ” Mr. Khalil visited the Mosul zoo in February to check on the animals and organize regular feedings for them. His group’s previous attempt to rescue the two animals failed when workers carrying them were stopped at a checkpoint. The aid workers were asked to leave Mosul. Lula and Simba were sent back to the zoo. “We never got to know the exact details why we were not allowed to pass, but, of course, transporting large wild animals in an area with such a complex political situation is not easy,” Mr. Khalil said Wednesday in a telephone interview. Mr. Khalil said Islamic State militants had been at the zoo and had painted over a sign with the animals’ faces. He said he had heard criticism about his attention to the animals at a time when so many people were suffering. “I like this kind of criticism,” he said, “because in my opinion humanity cannot be divided. ” He said Simba and Lula were a symbol of that humanity. “War rages on but all those fighting cannot ignore animals, put them in a cage, starve them to death, deprive them of water,” he said. Simba and Lula’s new home will be the New Hope Center, the biggest wildlife shelter in the Middle East.",0
20146,"Oroville Is a Warning for California Dams, as Climate Change Adds Stress - The New York Times","LOS ANGELES  —   The St. Francis Dam was a proud symbol of California’s engineering might and elaborate water system  —   until just before midnight on March 12, 1928, when it collapsed, killing more than 400 people in a devastating wall of water. Ever since, the state has had a reputation of diligent inspections as it has built the largest network of major public dams in the nation. But the threat of catastrophic flooding from the damaged Oroville Dam in Northern California this week  —   forcing the evacuation of nearly 200, 000 people because of what environmental groups had asserted in 2005 was a design flaw  —   presented a warning sign for California, where a network of dams and waterways is suffering from age and stress. It also demonstrated that older dams may not be designed to deal with the severe weather patterns California has experienced because of global warming. The Oroville Dam was completed in 1968, toward the end of the golden era of dam building. The culprit at Oroville was a faulty emergency spillway, used for the first time since the dam was opened after days of drenching storms, driven by what are known as atmospheric rivers, that filled the reservoir to capacity. But engineers and environmentalists said similar problems could occur at many of the roughly 1, 500 dams that dot this state. “We are not maintaining the water infrastructure adequately,” said Peter H. Gleick, a founder of the Pacific Institute, a think tank dedicated to water issues. “We are not maintaining it in Flint, Mich. and we are not maintaining it at our big dams in California. We need to spend more money and time on maintaining these. ” Of the 1, 585 dams in California, 17 are listed in poor condition and 97 in fair condition, according to the National Inventory of Dams, which is kept by the United States Army Corps of Engineers. There are about 90, 000 dams across the nation, many of which are privately owned. Part of the problem, officials said, is that as a rule, the government is more inclined to invest money in building new projects, celebrated with elaborate   ceremonies overseen by elected officials, than in the less visible (and less glamorous) task of maintenance. “That is a national concern for us,” said Lori Spragens, the executive director of the Association of State Dam Safety Officials. “Most dams are almost 50 years old. Many of them are very behind in their rehabilitation and they need to be upgraded to current standards. It’s the lack of money. The whole concern with infrastructure is just not there, as we know. ” Climate change adds to the challenges. Scientists have said for years that a warming atmosphere should lead to more intense and frequent storms in many regions. In California, where precipitation in the Sierra Nevada is the source of much of the state’s water, warming also means that more of the moisture in a given storm falls as water and less as snow, adding to the immediate burden on downstream reservoirs. This has been the rainiest year in California’s history, a   turn after a   drought of historic proportions had transformed some reservoirs into brown fields of cracked, dry earth. The wet winter season does not end until April more storms are expected this week across California. And as the state’s vast Sierra Nevada snowpack gradually melts, it will keep feeding reservoirs into the late spring. California has the additional complication of being laced with earthquake faults, which has always been a major challenge to engineers designing dams. Among the dams now considered to be at risk are two that are close to earthquake faults and are undergoing improvements to better withstand seismic shocks: The Anderson Dam and the Calaveras Dam, both near San Jose. But California’s most troubled large dam is at Lake Isabella, built in the 1950s on what was thought to be a dormant earthquake fault by the Army Corps of Engineers on the Kern River above Bakersfield. The fault has since been shown to be active, and out of concerns that the dam could fail, the authorities restricted the level of the lake behind it. This week, officials assured nearby residents that despite heavy rains, the lake levels, and the dam itself, remained safe. But the dam will have to be rebuilt, with a new emergency spillway, at a cost expected to be about half a billion dollars. Construction is expected to start this year and to take at least five years. Isabella is an example of how dam spillways designed more than a   ago are now often inadequate, said Blake P. Tullis, a professor of civil engineering at Utah State University who has worked on the design of the new spillway. Climate change is part of the problem, he said, but other factors, like land use changes  —   more parking lots, for example, mean more runoff into rivers  —   and better weather data have also played a role. “Now, as you do your statistical analysis, the biggest flood you could predict actually happening is much bigger,” Dr. Tullis said. “People are scrambling a bit, asking how we maintain dam safety. ” The problems in Oroville, a community 70 miles north of Sacramento, are particularly unsettling because California has been in the    business for a long time. And no one forgets the lessons of the collapse of St. Francis, whose design was overseen by William Mulholland, a Los Angeles engineer whose career was destroyed by the tragedy. “I would say California is the No. 1 best,” said Joseph D. Countryman, who worked for 20 years as the head of reservoir operations for the Army Corps of Engineers. Still, he added, no matter how much experience or money a   might have, something can always go wrong, especially in a state like this that can go from five years of severe drought to oceans of water falling from the sky. “When you build a dam, you are playing God,” he said. “And it’s tough to be God. ” In the case of Oroville, environmental groups in 2005 opposed the relicensing of the dam by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, saying the emergency spillway should be lined with concrete to ensure its durability if regulators needed to release water to relieve pressure on the dam. The federal agency, backed by the state authority that owns the reservoir, said it was unnecessary. “The management of the dam  —   the management of water  —   is risk management,” said Nancy Vogel, a spokeswoman for the California Natural Resources Agency. “You have to weigh risks and you have to calculate what is a good expenditure and what isn’t. ” Several engineers said it seemed likely that this episode would show the need for something that elected officials have rarely rallied around: spending money on maintenance, rather than new building. The scare came as President Trump has said he will propose some kind of infrastructure program. California has submitted $100 billion worth of projects it would like funded it includes work on the state’s water system, but it is for new work, including raising the Folsom Dam northeast of Sacramento. On Tuesday, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said at a news conference that the administration was watching the events in California and that the crisis “was a textbook example of why we need to pursue a major infrastructure package in Congress. ” The events in Oroville are a reminder that everything about a dam  —   from building it to maintaining it  —   is challenging, in no small part because the stakes of a mistake are so high. “Of course it shouldn’t happen,” Mr. Countryman said. “It doesn’t mean it could have been stopped from happening. ” “We went from drought to flood disaster overnight,” he added. “Don’t we get a little break from fearing one thing to fearing another thing?”",0
20147,House Passes Bill To Repeal and Replace Post-Crisis Wall Street Rules - Breitbart,"The House of Representatives on Thursday passed legislation to   and replace many of the financial regulations enacted during the Obama administration in reaction to the 2008 financial crisis. [The House passed the Financial Choice Act by a vote of 233 to 186, with Republican lawmakers in support and Democrats opposed.  The Choice Act is an ambitious piece of legislation that would replace many of the complex rules created by the   Act of 2010 with a new paradigm of regulation. The bill would allow banks that fund their operations with capital beyond a certain threshold to step into a   system of regulation in which the amount of supervisory oversight would be greatly reduced. Although it is supported by the Trump White House, the bill is unlikely to pass the Senate. Democrats have signaled their ongoing support for   and view the Choice Act as letting banks “off the hook” for the financial crisis.",0
20148,Inside ‘Bill Clinton Inc.’: Hacked Memo Shows Intersection of Clinton Profits and Charity,"Inside ‘Bill Clinton Inc.’: Hacked Memo Shows Intersection of Clinton Profits and Charity Posted on Oct 28, 2016 
A 2011 memo from top Bill Clinton aide Douglas Band, published by WikiLeaks, details “a circle of enrichment in which [Band] raised money for the Clinton Foundation from top-tier corporations such as Dow Chemical and Coca-Cola that were clients of his firm, Teneo, while pressing many of those same donors to provide personal income to the former president,” reports The Washington Post. 
The Post continues: 
The system has drawn scrutiny from Republicans [and progressives], who say it allowed corporations and other wealthy supporters to pay for entree to a popular former president and a onetime secretary of state who is now the Democratic presidential nominee. … 
The memo, made public Wednesday by the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks, lays out the aggressive strategy behind lining up the consulting contracts and paid speaking engagements for Bill Clinton that added tens of millions of dollars to the family’s fortune, including during the years that Hillary Clinton led the State Department. It describes how Band helped run what he called “Bill Clinton Inc.,” obtaining “in-kind services for the President and his family — for personal travel, hospitality, vacation and the like.” 
Band grew close to Clinton during the ’90s as his personal aide in the White House and became “the architect of his post-presidential activities,” the Post reports. In the memo, Band argues that his work and the work of his firm benefited the former president and his family’s foundation: 
“We have dedicated ourselves to helping the President secure and engage in for-profit activities,” Band wrote. He added that he had “sought to leverage my activities, including my partner role at Teneo, to support and to raise funds for the foundation.” 
The Post continues: 
Band’s memo provided data showing how much money each of Teneo’s 20 clients at the time had given to the Clinton Foundation, how much they had paid Bill Clinton and, in some cases, how he or Kelly had personally forged the relationships that resulted in the payments. 
Band wrote that Teneo partners had raised in excess of $8 million for the foundation and $3 million in paid speaking fees for Bill Clinton. He said he had secured contracts for the former president that would pay out $66 million over the subsequent nine years if the deals remained in place. 
For instance, Band wrote that Kelly arranged for the former president to meet the chief executive of Coca-Cola in January 2009 at the Clintons’ home in Washington. In all, according to Band’s memo, Coke had contributed $4.33 million to the foundation between 2004 and 2010. … 
Band also described how Kelly helped expand a fruitful relationship with UBS Global Wealth Management, introducing Bill Clinton to a top executive at a 2009 charity dinner. In the ensuing years, UBS upped its giving to the foundation, signed on as a Teneo client and agreed to pay Bill Clinton for speeches, Band wrote. 
Records show UBS paid Clinton about $2 million in speaking fees between 2011 and 2015 for a series of appearances, generally alongside former president George W. Bush. The company also paid Hillary Clinton $225,000 for a 2013 speech. … 
Another achievement cited by Band: Laureate International Universities, a chain of for-profit international colleges, which donated to the foundation and agreed to pay Bill Clinton $3.5 million a year to serve as honorary chancellor. 
Companies aligned with the Clinton Foundation paid several million dollars to Teneo for consulting services. The Post reports that a spike in payments from Dow “raised red flags for an internal company fraud investigator, who expressed alarm that it may be linked to Bill Clinton’s work with a charity founded by Liveris—a charge the company denied.” The investigator wrote: “It appears Dow is paying Teneo for connections with Clinton.”",0
20149,This picture of three dads feeding their babies is more funny than cute,"Next Swipe left/right This picture of three dads feeding their babies is more funny than cute Redditor kekembas17 has shared this touching picture of four generations of the same family, with each dad feeding his offspring. And Reddit user bwsmith201 has noticed something else about the family: “I find it humorous that the great granddad has no hair, the granddad has some hair, and the dad has a TON of hair. Talk about glimpsing your future.”",0
20150,TV Exec: NBC Made ‘Fundamental Mistake’ Thinking Megyn Kelly Was ‘Superstar’ - Breitbart,"NBC News made a “fundamental mistake” when its network executives thought Megyn Kelly was a “super star,” according to a television executive CNN interviewed.  Kelly, the former Fox News talent, has come under fire for her interview with Alex Jones, which is set to air on this Sunday on her Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly show. “They’ve made a fundamental mistake about Megyn which is they think she’s a super star,” the television executive reportedly told CNN. “What she is is a cable star, and that is a very different solar system. ” While promoting her show, Kelly told numerous outlets that she felt like she was born to be a mainstream media star. In a leaked recording that was released this week, Kelly even tells Alex Jones, “I’m a combination of Mike Wallace, Oprah Winfrey and Larry the Cable Guy. ” Kelly was resoundingly mocked after Jones released the audio. Mainstream media reporters and the families of the Sandy Hook victims also lambasted Kelly for telling Jones in the leaked audio, “It’s not gonna be some gotcha hit piece, I promise you that. ” CNN boss Jeff Zucker said that Kelly’s interview will only work if she is “holding up a picture of the dead kids at Sandy Hook and saying, ‘How dare you? ’” But as the New York Times observed, “NBC has not released a transcript of Ms. Kelly’s interview, leading some to speculate that her interrogation of Mr. Jones over his more contentious views  —   for instance, that Sandy Hook was a hoax and the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks were carried out by the United States government  —   was less than ferocious. ” As CNN pointed out, the first month of Kelly’s show has shown that wanting to be [Barbara] Walters, [Diane] Sawyer or [Oprah] Winfrey does not necessarily make it so. Establishing that reputation takes years. And in Kelly’s case, it requires a transformation from her former role as a cable news host in the center of the political fray into someone more trusted by the general public. ” “Had a trusted broadcast talent like Diane Sawyer or Lester Holt interviewed Jones, audiences may have given them greater benefit of the doubt,” CNN noted. “Critics of Kelly’s interview might have waited to see a Sawyer or Holt interview air before casting judgment based on a brief promo. ” After her supposedly “ ” interview with Russian President Vladimir Putin, Kelly did not receive stellar reviews even from her new mainstream media peers. Her interview with Erin Andrews for her second show did not draw rave reviews either. And despite NBC ginning up the hype machine in overdrive, Kelly’s ratings have tanked. Her debut show could not even beat out a rerun of 60 Minutes. Her second show lost to another rerun of 60 Minutes and could not even beat out a rerun of America’s Funniest Home Videos.  According to reports, NBC executives are realizing already that “people are not tuning in to watch Megyn. ” NBC executives are reportedly “freaking out” over the “ratings disaster” that Kelly has turned out to be, questioning the network’s $15 million investment in Kelly.",0
20151,How to make your home feel welcoming,How to make your home feel welcoming It’s the little touches that can give your home some warmth and character.,0
20152,Firebombs and Accusations Fly in ‘Ruthless’ Election Campaigns in Mexico - The New York Times,"MEXICO CITY  —   Trailing badly in the polls, and with elections just around the corner, Roxana Luna reached for transcendental salvation. In a ceremony outside the government headquarters of Mexico’s Puebla State, Ms. Luna, a candidate for governor, unleashed a troupe of Aztec dancers across the colonial building’s cobblestone forecourt. They hopped around wearing leather skirts and spectacular feather headdresses. One drew designs in the air with smoke from burning tree resin. Another blew a conch shell. Ms. Luna explained to bemused onlookers that the event last week was a purification ritual intended to flush out “the curse” of bad government, along with fear, coercion, vote buying, apathy and violence. “People who feel desperate turn to ritualistic cleansings,” she said. “We’ve been cursed. ” It is election time in Mexico again, with voters going to the polls on Sunday for municipal and regional elections, including the governorships in 12 of Mexico’s 32 states. While some might quibble with Ms. Luna’s technique, few would argue against her appeal to clean up Mexico’s electoral politics. Mexican political campaigns have never been for the faint of heart, and this year has been no different, with    contests that have made a certain presidential contest north of the border look almost quaint in comparison. The official campaign period in Mexico, which by law lasted only two months and ended on Wednesday, was marked by “a dirty war,” to use the favored term of the Mexican news media and political class. Candidates all over the country have hurled accusations of corruption at one another, including charges of graft and financing by drug traffickers. In the governor’s race in Veracruz, one candidate even accused his main competitor of being a pedophile. Some contests also featured violence and intimidation, including the firebombing of a party leader’s office in Veracruz. Dozens of local and regional candidates withdrew from races, reportedly because of threats from drug traffickers. A lot is at stake. More than 1, 300 seats are up for grabs, with the governorships the most important. The outcome of Sunday’s vote could also serve as a prologue for the 2018 presidential election. President Enrique Peña Nieto’s Institutional Revolutionary Party holds nine of the 12 contested governorships, but he is polling lower than any president in the past two decades, and his plummeting popularity could hurt his party’s chances on Sunday. Luis Carlos Ugalde, the director of Integralia Consultores, a political consultancy in Mexico City, said the level of invective and the prevalence of corruption allegations had increased in recent electoral cycles. This year’s tone was “the most negative” he had seen, he said. The rancor of the current campaigns is likely to influence the tenor of the presidential election, said Mr. Ugalde, who served as president of Mexico’s election commission in the 2000s. “This could cause a very troubled atmosphere in 2018,” he predicted. Arguably, the most contentious race this year has been for governor in Veracruz, a state wracked by corruption and violence. The   are two cousins who, despite their family ties, have lobbed accusations and insults at each other. Héctor Yunes Landa, the candidate for the incumbent Institutional Revolutionary Party, has accused his opponent, Miguel Ángel Yunes Linares, the candidate of a coalition between the Democratic Revolution Party and the National Action Party, of being a pedophile, warning voters to “take care of the safety of your children,” according to local news media. Mr. Yunes Linares, who is trying to break the rival party’s   hold on the state’s governorship, has denied the charges. Officials in Mr. Yunes Linares’s campaign have accused his cousin of vote buying and of underreporting his wealth in a public declaration of his assets. Mr. Yunes Linares’s chances may have improved in light of a recent investigation by the news site Animal Político, which found that the state’s current administration funneled about $35 million to ghost companies. The governor, Javier Duarte, has denied any wrongdoing. In the northern border state of Tamaulipas, the leading candidates for governor and their parties have been accused of having links to drug cartels. The Institutional Revolutionary Party’s candidate for governor, Baltazar Hinojosa Ochoa, has been accused of receiving money from the Gulf Cartel during a mayoral run in 2002 in the municipality of Matamoros. He has denied the allegations. Mr. Hinojosa Ochoa’s party has accused his main rival, Francisco García Cabeza de Vaca, the candidate for the National Action Party, of having his own links to organized crime. To support its accusations, the Institutional Revolutionary Party submitted a photo to government investigators showing gunmen riding around in a truck decorated with the symbol of the rival party. A Revolutionary Party official later admitted that the photograph had been taken in another state and, in any case, had been doctored. Candidates for governor in several other states  —   including Chihuahua, Oaxaca, Quintana Roo and Sinaloa  —   have also had to parry accusations of corruption and links to organized crime. The war of words has been punctuated by violent threats and attacks. On Tuesday, a group of armed attackers firebombed the offices of the Veracruz state leader for the National Action Party. “These are the costs of challenging a corrupt, unscrupulous system,” the party leader, José de Jesús Mancha, said in a statement after the bombing. In Puebla, an official from the Institutional Revolutionary Party was wounded in a shooting while he was driving. A party leader, Jorge Estefan Chidiac, blamed the state administration, led by the National Action Party, for the attack, saying it “was part of a strategy of the state government to destabilize, intimidate and threaten the people of Puebla. ” National Action Party officials denied responsibility. In Sinaloa, a candidate for the state legislature said his house had been shot at, and an office linked to the campaign of a mayoral candidate was ransacked by burglars, according to local news media accounts. In Culiacán, the capital of Sinaloa, someone spray painted death threats against a candidate for governor on the walls of a university. During a radio interview on Thursday, Miguel Ángel Osorio Chong, Mexico’s interior secretary, called the campaign period “the most ruthless of any electoral processes. ” “I don’t understand this kind of democracy,” he said. “I believe in competition, and when there’s an accusation and there are problems, you have to say something. But it went too far. ”",0
20153,Fast Food Worker Who Allegedly Put Menstrual Blood on Customer’s Hamburger Turns Herself In,"A Mississippi fast food worker has turned herself in to police after she allegedly put menstrual blood on a customer’s cheeseburger. [Sky Juliett Samuel, 18, turned herself in Monday morning to the Columbus Police Department and was released after she posted $5, 000 bond, the Columbus Dispatch reported.  The Columbus Police Department issued a warrant for her arrest Friday. Samuel was working at Jack’s Restaurant January 7 when she allegedly put menstrual blood and saliva on a cheeseburger she served to a   customer between 10:00 and 10:30 p. m. The victim, who is unidentified, reported the incident to police. A   told her mother what transpired, the details of which started to gain traction once her mother posted about it on Facebook, WJTV reported. Samuel is no longer employed by the restaurant, and if convicted, she faces up to five years in prison on a felony charge of “knowingly selling unwholesome food and drink,” according to Mississippi Code of 2013. Jack’s Family Restaurant is cooperating with the authorities and is conducting its own internal investigation. The Mississippi Department of Health is also conducting an investigation.",0
20154,"U.S. Immigration Policy Helped Grow India’s Economy, Says Study","United States immigration policies helped grow India’s economy, a new, academic study claims. [In a new study by the University of California, San Diego and the University of Michigan, states that the   visa has led to an Indian economic boom.  Every year, more than 100, 000 foreign workers are brought to the U. S. on the   visa. Most recently, that number has ballooned to potentially hundreds of thousands each year, as universities and   are exempt from the cap. With more entering the U. S. through the visa, Americans are often replaced. As the Center for Immigration Studies noted, the vast majority of   visas allotted every year are given to foreign nationals from India who primarily enter the IT sector. In the academic study, researchers found that current policy aided India’s tech boom so much, that the country eventually surpassed the U. S. in IT exports. “Those who could not join the US workforce, due to the   cap, remained in India, enabling the growth of an Indian IT sector,” the researchers wrote. “Those who returned with acquired human capital and technology after the expiration of their   also contributed to the growing   in India. The increase in IT sector productivity allowed India to eventually surpass the US in IT exports. ” Researcher Gaurav Khanna told Quartz that without the U. S. immigration policies of the last four decades, where more than one million legal immigrants enter every year, India would have never been able to beat the U. S. in software exports. “If US immigration had been restricted in the 1990s, it would not have allowed the Indian IT sector to develop,” Khanna said. John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
20155,German Man Convicted for Attack on Migrant Home,"BERLIN (AP)  —   A    man has been convicted of 15 counts of attempted murder and attempted arson in eastern Germany for a   attack on an asylum seekers’ home. [The Zwickau state court said the man, whose name wasn’t released in line with local privacy laws, was part of the   scene and threw two of the homemade bombs at the home in May 2016.  Tthe dpa news agency reported that he was sentenced Tuesday to four years and three months in prison. It was not immediately clear whether he’d appeal.",0
20156,"Comment on “If Trump Loses, I’m Grabbing My Musket”: Former Congressman Ready to Go Full Revolution by Lakshmima","Posted on October 28, 2016 by Mac Slavo 
This election remains more heated than any other in modern history – and for many, it has become a call to arms, even if only metaphorically. 
Despite the fact that DNC operatives have been exposed as the ones inciting violence at rallies – Robert Creamer and Scott Foval for example – and working overtime to bus in illegal voters and rig the vote – the media is going out of its way to paint Trump supporters and grassroots Americans as the ones plotting violence. 
Most recently, they are latching onto comments made by former congressman Joe Walsh, now a conservative radio host, who suggested he would ‘pick up a musket’ if Trump loses the election. On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump. 
On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket. 
You in? 
— Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 
Did Walsh mean to imply violence? That is certainly how the media is portraying it, as his comments spark controversy and fuel fire to the debate over the nearing election. 
The irony that his commentary drew from the imagery of founding-era patriots who stood up to tyranny was deeply lost on the left, who see opponents to Hillary in black and white terms – racist, xenophobic, utterly deplorable and inherently violent. 
CNN followed up, asking Walsh what he meant by statement. 
via CNN : 
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. 
[…] 
Walsh … did respond to CNN’s Jake Tapper via Twitter when he asked: “What exactly does that mean?” 
“It means protesting. Participating in acts of civil disobedience. Doing what it takes to get our country back,” he responded to Tapper. @jaketapper It means protesting. Participating in acts of civil disobedience. Doing what it takes to get our country back. 
— Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 
After a firestorm on social media, Walsh doubled down, stating on Twitter: I'm serious. I don't think a musket would do much good these days, but it's time for civil disobedience on the right. https://t.co/ThJPEbALWZ 
— Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 
His heated rhetoric is a response to the endless episodes of fraud , dirty tricks and foul play by the Hillary campaign, as it seems that she will stop at nothing to become the first female POTUS – just the sort of abuse of power that the founders warned about. 
1775-76 erupted in response to a long train of abuses – acts of oppression and hostility listed in the Declaration of Independence that is being largely repeated in modern day America. 
Could Hillary’s reported election victory – or Donald Trump’s defeat – signal civil unrest and a new wave of resistance, particularly if the results are widely viewed as fraudulent or “rigged”? Trump, for one, has certainly been talking up the possibility of a stolen election. 
The scenario is plausible enough that the Pentagon and Homeland Security have been carrying out secret drills in the lead up to the election to prepare for the possibility of a martial law response to violence or civil unrest. 
As SHTF detailed in an exclusive report, a whistleblower has come forward on the ominous contingency plan to keep and/or restore order if the populace revolt against the establishment’s “selection” for president: 
If there is any truth to it, the 2016 election could be a kick-off for total tyranny. 
According to an unnamed source – who has provided accurate intel in the past – an unannounced military drill is scheduled to take place during a period leading up to the election and throughout the month after. 
Date: October 30th – 30 days after the election Suspected Region: Northeast, specifically New York 
1st Phase: NROL (No Rule of Law) – drill involving combat arms in metro areas (active and reserve). Source says active duty and reserve service members are being vaccinated as if they are being deployed in theatre. 
2nd Phase: LROL (Limited Rule of Law) – Military/FEMA consolidating resources, controlling water supply, handing out to public as needed. 
3rd Phase: AROL (Authoritarian Rule of Law) – Possible new acronym or term for “Martial Law”. Curfew, restricted movements, basically martial law scenario. 
Source said exercise involves FEMA/DHS/Military 
At this point, no one can say for certain what will happen in the aftermath of November 8, but it is clear that millions and millions of Americans are dissatisfied with the status quo, troubled about the economic realities perpetuated by the Fed and angry that Hillary may be put in the Oval Office rather than a jail cell, despite a trail of corruption with virtually no end. 
How far will things go? 
And will things ever be reset without a new American Revolution? 
Courtesy of SHTFplan.com Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
20157,Watch: Trump Wishes Former FBI Director James Comey ’Luck’ in Senate Testimony - Breitbart,"Tuesday at the White House, President Donald Trump was asked if he had a message former FBI Director James Comey, who is set to testify Thursday before a U. S. Senate committee.  Trump said of Comey, “I wish him luck” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN ",0
20158,Aleppo fighters demand $300 for exit via humanitarian corridors,"Aleppo fighters demand $300 for exit via humanitarian corridors 02.11.2016 In Aleppo fighters distribute leaflets, where they demand civilians to pay 150,000 Syrian pounds or 300 dollars for exit from the city through humanitarian corridors. As they stated, 'Our leadership realizes the level of suffering endured by the city's peaceful civilians because of the bombardments and the blockade of Aleppo neighborhoods by the Syrian army. After consultation with our brothers, we will let the residents aged under 14 and older than 55 out of the city if each of them pays 150,000 Syrian pounds for an opportunity to leave in order to support our brothers fighting on the fronts'. The demands are signed by the 'Supreme Military Council of Jaish al-Fateh'. As Pravda.Ru reported, the Russian and Syrian military created eight humanitarian corridors, peaceful civilians and surrendered fighters may use, to leave surrounded regions in the eastern Aleppo. However, terrorists hamper evacuation and continue shelling humanitarian corridors. Pravda.Ru",0
20159,New Solar Panels Pull Drinking Water From The Air Because Clean Water Is A Human Right,"Email 
In an exciting new development, a startup company called Zero Mass Water has created solar panels that passively and efficiently pull water from the sky, purify it, and transport it to the tap for drinking and cooking purposes. These solar panels are seriously changing the game for both tap water and clean energy. 
Via TrueActivist SPONSORED LINKS 
Though the primary motivation for creating these panels was to help people living without access to clean drinking water, it can also help a variety of people from all walks of life while conserving traditional energy that is bad for the environment . Scroll Down For Video Below 
The founder and CEO of the startup, Cody Friesen, said he was inspired when he was setting up another one of his technologies in Indonesia and thought about the abundance of rain, but lack of clean water in the region. He decided to focus his efforts on improving the global water supply. Friesen told Fastco Exist: 
“Everybody’s heard about the latest nanofilter this…or whatever the latest pump technology is. None of those end up being sort of the leapfrog technology that addresses the fact that drinking water is a fundamental human right, and yet we have one person dying every 10 seconds from waterborne illness on the planet.” 
Though these are the first solar panels of their kind, the idea and technology behind the water conversion and supply is simple. Zero Mass Water created a material that absorbs water from the air at an extremely accelerated rate, then it draws the water back out to evaporate it and draw out pollutants. After this purification process, the distilled water is run through a mineral block to add calcium and magnesium and to improve the taste. 
Since waterborne illnesses are so prevalent, this water can save millions of lives and slowly eliminate diseases, as it becomes more widely-used by countries suffering the most as a result of contaminated drinking water . Having an in-home water supply would also save girls and women worldwide approximately 200 million hours annually , as that’s how much time they spend retrieving water. They could use this time to go to school, perform more tasks around the house, or work. 
The solar panels are currently being tested in Ecuador, Jordan, and Mexico to test their viability and effectiveness. Though they’re starting out in areas rampant with poverty , the panels can also make a difference in the lives of the citizens whose water supplies are tainted with lead. There are roughly 5,300 such water systems, and this could be a safe alternative to drinking that lethal tap water and buying bottled water. 
A single panel can provide enough clean drinking and cooking water for a family of 4, and additional panels can be used on larger buildings, such as hospitals. 
Zero Mass Water hopes that this concept won’t remain novel for too long; despite the success they’re likely to have for being the only sellers of this panel, their goal is to make the technology common throughout all solar panels installed in people’s homes. 
“When you think about solar today, what do you think about? Electricity,” Friesen said. “Everybody thinks that way. I think that in a few years when people think about solar, they’ll also think about water abundance.”",0
20160,Vatican Hires Lawyers to Protect Pope’s Image,"VATICAN CITY (AP)  —   God’s love may be free, but the Vatican says it has a copyright on the pope. [Unnerved by the proliferation of     snow globes and tea towels around the world, the Vatican has warned it intends to “protect” the image of Pope Francis and “stop situations of illegality that may be discovered. ” It also wants to protect the crossed keys emblem of the Holy See.  “The secretary of state will undertake systematic surveillance aimed at monitoring the way in which the image of the Holy Father and the emblems of the Holy See are used, intervening with opportune measures when necessary,” the Vatican said in a statement. To back up this declaration, the Vatican has hired the global law firm Baker McKenzie to protect its intellectual property rights, the Italian daily Corriere della Sera reported. without citing the source of the information. Baker McKenzie declined to comment. The threat of enforcement marks a sea change for a church that for some 2, 000 years has seen popes venerated on all manner of flags, banners and medals. But the popularity of Francis and the ease with which his image can be copied in the internet age has spawned a flood of papal trinkets, causing the Holy See to worry that they are losing control of his image. “The pope’s image rights are no different from those of any other famous celebrity and so it’s not surprising that the Vatican is giving notice that it will protect its (intellectual property) rights as necessary,” said Nick Kounoupias, the founder of an intellectual property consultancy in London. “What will be interesting to see, however, is how vigorously these rights are pursued, given who the IP owner is. ” Francis’ many travels have taken him to countries like the Philippines and Sri Lanka, where factories can quickly churn out pope hats,   and towels. Vatican officials have grown fearful the faithful will think that the church is making money off the merchandise, experts say. Worse still, they see the conditions in which some of the items are made and worry about being associated with labor abuses. The decision reflects an evolution in the last decade as the Vatican adapted to modern markets. While in the past the Holy See might get word of improper use of the pope’s image through local church organizations around the globe, the approach was random. “It’s not new that people were selling   of the pope, but (previously) those were probably little local vendors,” said Mark McKenna, an intellectual property expert at the Notre Dame Law School in Indiana. What’s changed is the magnitude of what can be produced and how quickly it can be distributed through online platforms. “In a world of Etsy, you are able to do it on a bigger scale,” he said. Although the Vatican did not elaborate on how it would crack down, the warning seemed a   move to explain why the Vatican is going after the unauthorized commercial uses of the pope’s image. There was no immediate indication that souvenir buyers would risk fines or legal action. It’s not as if the church refrains from selling its own   material. On the Vatican website, one can buy Francis medals, icons and rosary boxes. The Vatican museum boutiques offer silk ties and scarves and watches showing scenes from Michelangelo’s frescoes on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel. And that may be part of the Vatican’s motivation in safeguarding Francis’ face  —   and warning that they will challenge the copycats. “It’s probably also the case that there is some genuine commercial motivation,” McKenna said. “They want to be sure they’re the only ones selling this stuff. ”",0
20161,DEVELOPING: FBI Reopens Investigation into Clinton Emails After New ‘Pertinent’ Evidence Discovered,"The Clinton email scandal has taken an unexpected twist Friday as Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey notified key members of Congress that the agency will be reopening their investigation against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
In a letter to Congress, Comey wrote that the FBI has recently “ learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation” regarding Clinton’s use of a private server during her tenure at the State Department.
While Comey did not elaborate on what those emails contain, the director that the emails were discovered “in connection with an unrelated case.” 
Via FoxNews 
He told lawmakers the investigative team briefed him on the information a day earlier, “and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.”
He said the FBI could not yet assess whether the new material is significant and he could not predict how long it will take to complete “this additional work.”
Trump, speaking to cheering supporters Friday afternoon in Manchester, N.H., praised the FBI for having the “courage” to “right the horrible mistake that they made” – saying he hopes that is “corrected.”
“Hillary Clinton’s corruption is on a scale we have never seen before,” Trump said. “We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office.”
In a nod to the significance of the FBI’s announcement, Trump quipped: “The rest of my speech is going to be so boring.”
We will continue to update as new details surface. 
",0
20162,Data Points to Rapid Loss of Control Aboard EgyptAir Jet - The New York Times,"CAIRO  —   A piece of luggage adrift in the Mediterranean Sea. Floating nearby, a passenger seat from a plane. Scraps of metal, scattered personal belongings and, finally, the grim discovery of human remains. As the investigation continued Friday into what caused an EgyptAir flight from Paris to Cairo to suddenly and violently plunge from the sky, the discovery of the debris allowed search crews to home in on the location of the crash  —   an area about 180 miles north of Alexandria, Egypt  —   even as its cause remained a mystery and the subject of intense speculation. Data that was transmitted from the aircraft to operators on the ground, published Friday by a respected aviation journal, revealed a rapid loss of control, with alarms and   failures in the seconds before the plane was lost from radar. The transmissions are evidence of a catastrophic failure, but do not answer the crucial question: What caused it? Why would a plane with a good safety record and experienced pilots fall from the sky on a clear spring night? No bulk wreckage has been found, and the parts of the aircraft most likely to provide clues for investigators  —   including the voice and data recorders  —   are also the ones most likely to quickly sink to the seafloor. An Egyptian official has said that investigators consider terrorism to be one possible cause of the disaster, but no terrorist group has claimed responsibility. Officials cautioned that there was no direct evidence to suggest a bomb aboard the plane, or any other deliberate act of sabotage. The plane, a   Airbus A320 jet, went down Thursday while flying through a cloudless night sky en route to Cairo from Paris. The Hellenic Civil Aviation Authority provided what a spokesman called a definitive timeline on the disaster. The agency reported that the flight was proceeding normally at 1:48 a. m. Cairo time on Thursday, when Greek traffic controllers last spoke with the pilot, who seemed in good spirits. At 2:27 a. m. when the plane was passing from Greek to   airspace, the controllers in Athens tried and failed repeatedly to reach the pilots by radio. Even attempts on an emergency frequency failed. At the same time, technical data was being transmitted from the plane automatically through its Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System, or Acars, which modern jetliners use to provide status updates to maintenance and operational centers on the ground. Representatives of Airbus and the Federal Aviation Administration said they could not confirm the authenticity of the technical signals. Dina   a spokeswoman for EgyptAir, declined to comment on the apparently leaked data. “We cannot say anything, because we have already launched a committee to investigate the crash,” she said. “It hasn’t told us anything until now. ” The data, first reported on AVHerald. com, is written tersely in abbreviations and codes. Robert W. Mann, a former airline executive and an industry analyst, said the jargon in the messages told a compelling, although incomplete, story. At 2:26 a. m. a message indicated that the right cockpit window had been opened. This could have been done to vent smoke, Mr. Mann said, or something else could have caused the breach. Over the next two minutes, there were two smoke indications, one in a bathroom and another in the avionics bay, the part of the plane where much of its electronic equipment is housed. Mr. Mann cautioned that these messages did not necessarily mean that there was a fire. The messages could also have been prompted by rapid decompression of the aircraft, which can produce condensation that the plane’s sensors could mistake for smoke. Finally at 2:29, there were two more alerts having to do with the plane’s flight control computer systems. “The last two are troubling,” Mr. Mann said. “You are starting to really see things rapidly degrade. ” First, there was a problem with the autoflight control computer. The jet would have been flying near its maximum speed and elevation at that time. That is the most efficient way for jetliners to fly, and it is safe, but pilots prefer to rely on autopilot systems in those conditions because if they were to ever lose control of the plane, it could be hard to regain, Mr. Mann said. That is why pilots sometimes call those conditions the “coffin corner. ” The last message had to do with the spoiler elevator controller, which essentially controls the flaps responsible for pitch and roll control. The computer controlling these failed as well. “It looks to me like you have a progressive flight control system failure,” Mr. Mann said. It is over the course of two minutes, which might have seemed like an eternity on that plane, but is relatively fast. This is also the moment that the plane left Greek airspace, and at 2:29:40 a. m. Greek controllers lost the aircraft’s trace, just inside Egyptian airspace, about halfway between Crete and Egypt. Around this time, the plane made a   turn to the left and then a full circle to the right, dropping precipitously to 15, 000 feet from 37, 000 and then plunging again to 9, 000 feet before it disappeared from radar. The crew never gave any indication of a technical problem or other difficulties on board, even during the final, fatal minutes when the plane itself was transmitting data indicating a catastrophic failure. One former crash investigator said that radar evidence pointing to a series of sharp maneuvers in the moments before radar contact was lost suggested that the plane was almost certainly not under the control of the pilots. Whatever upset the Airbus was so sudden and violent that it could not be compensated for by the plane’s automated safety systems. “In my mind, this basically opens two axes of possibility: either a sudden technical problem or some kind of illicit or terrorist act,” said the expert, Alain Bouillard, a former chief investigator for the French Bureau of Investigations and Analyses. Given the limited amount of evidence available so far, experts said it was difficult to say with any certainty what kind of technical failure could have brought the plane down. One possibility, Mr. Bouillard said, might be a malfunction in the plane’s cabin pressurization systems that could have caused the fuselage to rupture. At high altitude, such a rupture could be potentially catastrophic if the crew was unable to initiate a controlled descent to a lower altitude and make an emergency landing. If the inquiry fails to uncover strong evidence of a technical problem, experts said the possibility of a more sinister chain of events would most likely take prominence. But given the circumstances of this accident, particularly in the absence of a claim of responsibility by a terrorist group or intelligence pointing to a perpetrator, it could take months to prove with any certainty that it was a terrorist act. An initial review of the passengers aboard against American terrorist watch lists have found no matches, according to Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the senior Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, who has received several briefings on the investigation. The Islamic State, considered the most likely group behind the attack, is normally quick to announce its role, as it did last fall after the crash of a Russian flight over Egypt’s Sinai Desert. “It’s important to note that attribution in the theater of terrorism is crucial,” said Michael S. Smith II, a managing partner of Kronos Advisory, a firm specializing in terrorism research. What may be most valuable to investigators  —   and perhaps far more difficult to recover  —   is material that would have quickly sunk to the seafloor. If that debris is scattered over a wide area, and the pieces are relatively small, it would suggest that the plane broke up in the air  —   supporting the theory of an onboard explosion. However, if the debris field is concentrated in a relatively small area, that would indicate that the aircraft hit the surface of the water largely intact. The plane’s two data recorders, or “black boxes,” if they can be recovered, would also provide important clues. The shock wave of an onboard explosion, for example, may have been captured by the microphones of the cockpit voice recorder, experts said such a blast would also instantly disable the flight data recorder. In the event of a technical failure, Mr. Bouillard said, the data recorder  —   which tracks information including the plane’s position, speed, altitude and direction  —   would normally continue to function until the moment of impact. Officials could also not rule out that one of the pilots intentionally brought down the plane. The flight track of the Airbus on Thursday indicated that it crashed halfway between Crete and Egypt, which could mean it landed on what scientists refer to as the Mediterranean Ridge. The ridge has been pushed upward by the African plate of the earth’s crust sliding under the Aegean Sea, deforming and crumbling the seafloor, said William B. F. Ryan, a scientist at the   Earth Observatory at Columbia University who has studied the Mediterranean seafloor. The water there is about 1. 5 miles deep, and picking out wreckage at the bottom from among the bumps, which are perhaps 50 to 100 feet in size, could be complex, he said. If the plane crashed farther to the south, the wreckage would lie on a smoother plain at a depth between 1. 7 and 2 miles, Dr. Ryan said. In that case, the search would go faster  —   and the   answer to what caused the crash could come quicker.",0
20163,Popular Theme Park Water Ride Malfunctions… Ends In Brutal Death Of 4 Patrons,"WATCH: Insane School Teachers Push Girls Into Snake Pit to Teach “Character Lesson” 
Their injuries were perceived as so severe by theme park staff and paramedics that Gavin Fuller of Queensland Ambulance described it as “incompatible with living.” 
The mother of Kate Godchild and Luke Dorsett, two of the victims, said that their family was “absolutely devastated” by the tragic and gruesome loss of their loved ones. 
“I have three children and have lost two of them today — my whole family has been wiped out,” the traumatized mother said.   
Dorsett’s partner, Roozi Araghi, was also killed in the incident, as well as a 42-year-old woman who has not yet been publicly identified. 
Authorities have been reviewing video footage of the attraction to see what exactly caused the deadly malfunction, but others who visited the attraction that day have noted that the ride’s seat belt situation was questionable. 
Jesse Lovett, a park-goer who was on the water attraction with his 2-year-old daughter an hour before the fatal accident, was concerned that the flimsy hook-and-loop strap wasn’t doing enough to keep them inside the raft. 
“It’s so rough and you had to hold it really tight … the strap did nothing and easily came undone because it was wet,” he explained.  ",0
20164,Donald Trump May Not Deliver on Campaign Promises,"On Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016, Republican lawmakers arranged to meet with President-elect Donald Trump’s advisors to talk about another, less expensive, option to his “mighty wall.” The President-elect also consistently told his supporters he would dismantle Obama Care, but now he says that he is open to keeping the Affordable Care Act. This recent waffling could be an indicator that he will not deliver on his campaign promises.
The day after he won the election, he was given his first test by his own party. According to top aides for Trump, there is a compromise that would include more federal border patrol officers, and extend the border fence. The idea is to extend parts of the border with a double layered fence. An official from the Department of Homeland Security and a Republican from the House of Representatives said Trump’s wall is improbable; it would have to be built through rivers and lakes, rough terrain and private property. It would also block the view of border agents. This wall would make it difficult to watch the border. According to the House Aid, the meeting will take place as soon as his transition team is set. The spokesperson would not offer any comment on the meeting or compromise plan from the lawmakers. Mexico again said the day after the election they would not pay for his wall. The wall has never been mentioned officially, but if Congress takes a stand against Trump it will be an extension of the fence once proposed by Secretary Clinton.
According to the House aide, the meeting will take place as soon as the transition team is set. The spokesperson would not comment on the meeting or the compromise from lawmakers. Mexico again stated, the day after the election, they will not pay for his wall. This boundary has not been mentioned officially, but if Congress takes a stand against Trump it will be an extension of the fence, once proposed by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
Another key focus of the presidential campaign was immigration. It was stated that illegal immigrants are stealing American jobs and pose a security risk to the nation. Chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee Michael McCaul called the idea of the wall, an emotional unthinking reaction to a highly sensitive issue, or a “knee-jerk reaction.” Another indication that the president-elect will not deliver on his campaign promises.
The day after the election Marie Keating, a first-grade teacher in California, asked her 10 students what they wanted to ask new President-elect Trump. One student said she did not want her family to be sent back to Mexico. This statement prompted Keating to have her class write letters telling Trump what was on their mind. Little Nicole asked him to be kind and to always tell the truth, and not to incite violence between people of color. Another little girl asked him to allow people of different races to be friends. A little boy asked him not to say that people who do not have white skin are all robbers. Another little girl said simply that she hoped he did not start a war, and another asked that he not send them back to Mexico. Keating posted the letters on Facebook for everyone to see. She was proud of her students because they asked for things that were necessary for them, in a respectful way.
Anthony Scaramucci, the creator of hedge-fund Skybridge Capital and one of Trump’s top advisors, says Americans should take President-elect Trump at his word. He believes he will build a wall – if he says he will. When New York Magazine asked him how it would be possible to have Mexico pay for the wall, he responded, that the U.S. could charge an excise tax on goods coming into the country from Mexico. However, he also said the American people did the right thing by electing Trump. The interviewer corrected him, stating that American’s voted for Clinton, not Trump. Scaramucci replied he did not see that way.
If President-elect Trump wants to build a wall, he will have to convince Congress using a cost-efficient plan. The Affordable Care Act has provided millions of people with health insurance, at an affordable premium. The average cost of health insurance within the marketplace, after the 110 percent rise, will be $78 a month. The newly elected president-elect has changed his mind on repealing the health coverage. He states that he is willing to keep the Affordable Care Act and instead, make the needed changes. Therefore, it is entirely possible, Trump will not deliver on some of his campaign promises.
By Katherine Miller
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
Reuters : House Republicans test Trump on his U.S.-Mexico wall
nymag .com: Read Letters Written by First-Grade Students to Donald Trump
nymag .com: Hedge-funder and Trump Advisor Anthony Scaramucci on Team Trump’s Economic Plan and Getting Mexico to Pay for the Wall
Top Courtesy of Gage Skidmore’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Feature Image Courtesy of Denise Kreb’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    first-graders , immigration , spot , Trump , wall",0
20165,Sinister Siblings From ‘The Great Comet’ Go to Fashion Week - The New York Times,"In “Natasha, Pierre  the Great Comet of 1812,” a rock opera on Broadway adapted from a section of Leo Tolstoy’s “War and Peace,” Amber Gray and Lucas Steele play Hélène and Anatole Kuragin, a pair of   aristocratic siblings who are impervious to consequence and impossibly chic in their punk romantic  . In other words, they were perfect casting for New York Fashion Week  —  presuming they could get seats to a show. A reporter’s initial plan was to take them to Raf Simons’s debut at Calvin Klein, but with just 400 seats in the house and no   Calvin Klein available for them to wear, the request was declined. They almost didn’t get into Tory Burch either, until Ms. Burch and her team agreed to dress Ms. Gray and seat her with Mr. Steele in the front row at her show Tuesday morning, which took place at the Whitney Museum in Lower Manhattan. (The company doesn’t have a men’s line and therefore couldn’t outfit Mr. Steele). Had so few people in the fashion industry read the rapturous reviews in The New York Times, Variety and The Hollywood Reporter? Or could it be the source material? If it was the latter, Ms. Gray could hardly blame them. She hadn’t read the classic novel when she and Mr. Steele debuted as the scheming siblings in in its first Off Broadway production in 2012. “When I first picked the book up, I cheated and just read the   section the show is based on,” Ms. Gray said, upon arriving at the Whitney in a burgundy leather jacket from AllSaints, along with a smart looking Tory Burch   guipure lace Carolina dress and ’  ankle boots from Ms. Burch. Mr. Steele wore his own vintage black leather jacket, with a borrowed burgundy and black   shirt, borrowed black slacks and borrowed black and red loafers from AllSaints. Behind them was a stylist named Michael Fusco. “He’s here to make sure we don’t look like morons,” Mr. Steele said with a glance, as Mr. Fusco adjusted his jacket collar. On their way into the museum, they ran into the veteran magazine editor and critic Hal Rubenstein, whom Mr. Steele had met over the summer at a charity gala. “I was at your benefit,” Mr. Steele said. “I saw your show,” Mr. Rubenstein said. “It was a wonderful evening. ” A few minutes later, a nervous Mr. Steele and Ms. Gray were introduced to Anna Wintour, who had seen it, too. “I saw it! I loved it,” Ms. Wintour said, going on to marvel at how gloriously “awful” their characters managed to be. In their   seats, the duo chatted about what it has been like to take part in a show that started small before settling at the Imperial Theater in Times Square. Both actors said they struggled for years before being cast in an early production of “The Great Comet” in 2012. Ms. Gray, who is 35 and lives in   Brooklyn, with her boyfriend and young son, worked over the years for the jewelry company Dinosaur Designs. Mr. Steele, who lives in Harlem and is unmarried, did everything from being a nanny to manning sample sales. (Although he is in his 30s, he asked that his age not be printed). Given the quirky format of the show, neither saw its ultimate commercial viability as  . The 2012 production took place in a faux supper club, broke the fourth wall and featured   dance numbers and progressive casting choices, which is how Ms. Gray (who is black) and Mr. Steele (who is white) ended up playing biological siblings. The audience often got inebriated and unruly, Ms. Gray said. ”There was a little groping of the ladies,” she said. “And there was the famous incident when someone threw a cellphone,” Mr. Steele said, referring to the time in 2013 when Kevin Williamson, a writer from National Review, earned plaudits among the cast for taking the device of a texting seatmate and hurling it into the distance. Yet here they were five years later, being photographed by the fashion paparazzi, still not exactly famous but not anonymous either. Around 9:30 a. m. the muslin came up and the models began their march. Roxy Music blared and Ms. Gray joked with Mr. Steele, who noted the similarities to the opulence of the models and their characters in “The Great Comet. ” “They’re all Kuragins,” she said. Like all fashion shows, it was considerably shorter than a Russian novel. Ten minutes later, the pair headed over to meet Ms. Burch, who was holding court in a corner with a gaggle of editors. “Thank you so much for coming,” Ms. Burch said, before apologizing for not having yet been to see them on Broadway. The three posed for pictures, and then Ms. Gray and Mr. Steele exited onto the street and walked over to the nearby Standard Hotel for avocado toast. “There’s no dairy in it, right?” Mr. Steele asked the waiter. Although “The Great Comet” has been on Broadway just two months, Ms. Gray and Mr. Steele have each performed it more than 400 times in its various incarnations. Both said that next fall might be a good time for them to leave. Mr. Steele has had surgery and extensive physical therapy that he attributes to all the   he does in the show. It also gets exhausting, he said, playing one of those people who “peaked in high school. ” Ms. Gray seemed more upbeat. Before departing the restaurant shortly before 11 a. m. she recalled some advice she got early in her career: “If you stand in line long enough, you will get served. ”",0
20166,Former US State Dept Official: “US Intelligence Community Has Started a Counter-Coup Against the Clintons”,"
Former United States Department of State official Dr. Steve Pieczenik is a psychiatrist who has over 20 years experience in resolving international crises for four U.S. administrations.
Pieczenik was Deputy Assistant Secretary of State under Henry Kissinger, Cyrus Vance, and James Baker. His expertise includes foreign policy, international crisis management, and psychological warfare. He served the presidential administrations of Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush in the capacity of deputy assistant secretary.
He has come forward with a series of videos that expose the Clintons, explains that they co-opted many central facets of our government including the White House, the judiciary, the CIA, and the FBI. and claims that the corrupt couple belongs to a high-level pedophile ring.
Pieczenik explains that it was not the Russians who provided information to WikiLeaks – US intelligence offered the data to Julian Assange. This counter-coup is working against Hillary Clinton and her campaign.

Here, Pieczenik discusses the Clintons’ connections to Anthony Weiner , Jeffrey Esptein’s Lolita Express, and more.

In this video, Pieczenik reveals the details regarding Democratic Party ‘Fixer,” Jeff Rovin.

Dr. Pieczenik tells us “the second American revolution” is happening.
I hope he’s correct, because we certainly need it. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Lily Dane of The Daily Sheeple . 
Lily Dane is a staff writer for The Daily Sheeple. Her goal is to help people to “Wake the Flock Up!” ",0
20167,Voters in Thailand Endorse Military’s Proposed Constitution - The New York Times,"BANGKOK  —   In its first test at the polls, Thailand’s military government won overwhelming approval Sunday of a new Constitution that aims to reduce the power of political parties and extend the influence of the military. With 94 percent of the ballots counted, voters were approving the military’s proposed Constitution by a wide margin, according to returns issued by the election commission. A companion ballot measure that would give the military junta the authority to fill the Senate with its appointees was also easily winning approval. The gap was wide enough that the results would not change, Somchai Srisutthiyakorn, an election official, said on television. Meechai Ruchupan, the chairman of the Constitution Drafting Committee, said his panel would begin writing laws required to put the new Constitution into effect as soon as the results were official. “Our country has been wounded for a long time,” he said. “From now on, everyone in the country will join hands and move the country forward under the new rules that we approved. ” The Constitution would be the country’s 20th in 84 years. Election officials put the turnout at 54. 6 percent of eligible voters. The junta seized power in 2014 and brought temporary peace after years of clashes between political factions. The military leaders have pledged to hold parliamentary elections next year and return power to civilian leaders no matter what the outcome of the voting on Sunday. Human rights groups challenged the legitimacy of the referendum because of restrictions that prevented opponents of the proposed Constitution from campaigning. The junta limited public assemblies and threatened long prison terms for people who spread information that it deemed false. More than 120 people were arrested for violating campaign rules in the weeks leading up to the referendum, according to Human Rights Watch. Thailand has long been divided between the rural poor, mainly in the northern and northeastern parts of the country, and the urban middle class, leading to years of protests and of clashes between the two factions. Two populist prime ministers, Thaksin Shinawatra and his sister, Yingluck Shinawatra, were elected with the support of rural, northern voters. But Mr. Thaksin was ousted by a military coup in 2006, and Ms. Yingluck was ousted by a court ruling just before the 2014 coup. Opponents have long accused both siblings of being corrupt. Mr. Thaksin, who lives in   exile, was convicted in absentia in 2008 of violating    rules in a land deal. Ms. Yingluck is on trial on charges of criminal negligence in managing government rice subsidies for poor farmers. Adding to Thailand’s precarious political situation has been the lingering illness of King Bhumibol Adulyadej, 88, who has been hospitalized for more than a year. Analysts say the military sees its role as ensuring stability as the country prepares for the expected succession of Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn. Thailand has experienced a repeated cycle of elections, coups and new Constitutions since the absolute monarchy was abolished in 1932. The proposed Constitution was designed to shift the balance of power away from major political parties and give a greater voice to   parties under a new formula for awarding seats in Parliament. Experts say the system was designed so no single party would have control and so the country would be ruled by a coalition of political parties. “The politics from now will be more compromising, more negotiating,” Yuthaporn Issarachai, the dean of political science at Sukhothai Thammathirat Open University, said in a television interview. “It won’t be politics ruled by the majority. So we will expect to see some adjustments from the political parties. We may see the switching of sides and some negotiations. ” Approval of the second measure on the ballot would give the junta the power to appoint the 250 members of the Senate to   terms and give the senators a role in selecting the prime minister, which previously was left to the House of Representatives. “It will lead to a new political system that we’ve never seen before,” said Kamnoon Sittisamarn, a former senator and a member of the junta’s advisory National Reform Steering Assembly. “It was designed to make the country move forward for a change and not return to crisis. ” The biggest loser under the new system will most likely be Ms. Yingluck’s Pheu Thai party. Sodsri Satayathum, a former election commissioner, questioned how effective a coalition government could be. “In the upcoming election, there won’t be a single party that wins the majority,” she told reporters. “The government will find it hard to run the country. ” Siripan Nogsuan Sawasdee, a political science professor at Chulalongkorn University in Bangkok, said the election results were contrary to the push toward democracy in Western society. “This is a reflection of the mistrust of politicians,” she said. “It’s very  . ” In Bangkok, Sunee Nateethong, 50, a businesswoman, said she voted for the junta’s proposals because she favored a continuing role by the military to reduce corruption and maintain stability. “It is better than politicians running the country,” she said. “It’s good to have the military babysitting the government for the next five years. ” Sikarin Kanoksikarin, 44, who works for a United States food producer, said it was better for the country to have the military restore democracy gradually, as the new Constitution would. “To change the political system takes time,” he said. But people who voted against the junta’s proposals said they were dissatisfied with its management of the economy and were tired of the military taking power. “I don’t like dictatorship,” said Putiporn   21, an accountant. “This is our country’s cycle. We have an election and a coup over and over again. I think the previous Constitution was good. ” Paparat Yurod, 46, who comes from northeastern Thailand but works in a Bangkok laundry, said voters should be able to decide for themselves who runs the country, without military interference. “We are hoping to get democracy soon,” she said. “Even if we have a bad government, we will have another election and can decide if they continue in power. ”",0
20168,Стала известна возможная причина взрыва дома в Рязани,"Фото: © Пресс-служба МЧС по Рязанской области 
Об этом сообщила официальный представитель регионального управления СК РФ Анжелика Евдокимова, передают РИА Новости. 
""На месте происшествия обнаружены и изъяты фрагменты газового оборудования, которые находились в квартире, являющейся эпицентром взрыва. Результаты осмотра фрагментов газового оборудования показали, что была отвернута гайка на выходе газового счетчика"", - сказала собеседница агентства. 
Евдокимова отметила, что это, по версии следствия, может быть предварительной причиной взрыва. 
Следствием назначены взрыво-техническая, судебно-медицинские, строительно-технические судебные экспертизы, устанавливаются обстоятельства произошедшего и виновники ЧП. По информации СК, осмотр места происшествия и фрагментов газового оборудования предварительно подтвердил версию следствия о том, что ЧП произошло ""в результате действий лица, проживающего в квартире, где произошел взрыв газа"". 
Напомним, как сообщала Правда.Ру, ранним утром воскресенья, 23 октября на верхних этажах 10-этажного дома в 1-м Осеннем переулке произошел взрыв , в результате которого были разрушены семь квартир, а перекрытия между двумя верхними этажами повреждены. 
Как сообщали в региональном управлении МЧС, Всего для ликвидации последствий происшествия было задействовано 279 человек и 61 единица техники, из них от МЧС России - 162 человека и 31 единица техники. В целях авиаразведки применялся беспилотный летательный аппарат. 
Было проведено обследование здания аппаратно-программным диагностическим комплексом «Стрела-П», предназначенным для оперативной оценки технического состояния зданий и сооружений, опасности их обрушения и возможного риска для людей, находящихся внутри и поблизости объектов. Использование ""Струны"" позволяет ускоренно обрабатывать данные, получаемые при динамических испытаниях на устойчивость зданий и сооружений. 
Следственные органы возбудили уголовное дело по статье ""производство, хранение, перевозка либо сбыт товаров и продукции, выполнение работ или оказание услуг, не отвечающих требованиям безопасности, повлекшие по неосторожности смерть двух или более лиц"". Наказание, предусмотренное этой статьей - до десяти лет лишения свободы. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda. Ru на сегодня",0
20169,Joe Joseph Warns: “There Will Come A Time When It’s Too Late And You’ll Be Begging To Have Your Old Life Back”,"With the things heating up just days before what is arguably the craziest Presidential election in American history, Joe Joseph weighs in on the latest leaks, the potential for post-election unrest, and looming crisis.
They’re so worried about… ‘maybe at the end of the day I might not be able to sit in my Barca lounger at the end of the night’ or ‘I might not be able to watch that football game on Sunday’ … Let me tell you… If things go the way that The Powers That Shouldn’t Be want them, there will be no Barca lounges and there will be no NFL.
So it’s either we do things now while we have the chance… because there will come a time when it’s too late.. and you will be begging to have your old life back. 
And the answer’s going to be, ‘you had the opportunity and now it’s gone.’ 
There’s a lot of things here in the United States, in the western world and in society that we used to have and used to enjoy… quality of life… the ability to earn a liveable wage… fast evoparting… those used to be a lot more present… people used to be a lot more comfortable..
And it’s just not the case anymore… And it’s only going to get worse… 
Unless we the people draw the line in the sand and we stick with it.
Watch the Daily News Brief from The Daily Sheeple Youtube Channel :

( Watch at Youtube )
Don’t forget to share and subscribe: 
 

 
",0
20170,SCOTUS Refuses to Hear Texas Voter ID Case -- For Now,"The U. S. Supreme Court has declined to hear Texas’ appeal from an adverse ruling in the Texas voter ID case. [The Texas Attorney General said after the U. S. Supreme Court declined on Monday to hear the case, “While we are disappointed that the U. S. Supreme Court did not immediately take our case, Chief Justice Roberts made it very clear that the case will be an even stronger posture for Supreme Court review after further proceedings in lower courts. Texas enacted a common sense voter ID law to safeguard the integrity of our elections, and we will continue to fight for the law in the district court, the Fifth Circuit, and if necessary, the Supreme Court again. ”  Breitbart Texas reported the day before the U. S. Supreme Court’s order denying review of the case that a federal magistrate delayed the next hearing in the Texas voter ID case so that the Trump Administration would have time to discuss the case with the government’s lawyers. Federal lawyers filed a motion for continuance on Friday, January 20, asking the court to continue a hearing that had originally been set for January 24. In an effort to temporarily address the “discriminatory effects” of the law as originally written, the trial court enforced a remedy shortly before the 2016 Election that allowed voters without proper ID to sign affidavits attesting to the reason why they could not obtain one before casting a regular ballot. Harris County Clerk Stan Stanart, who runs Texas’ largest voting jurisdiction, told Breitbart on Sunday, “The flawed solution pushed by the DOJ that we were forced to use last November allowed hundreds of illegal votes to be cast in Harris County. ” The latest Supreme Court ruling sets the stage for the   lawsuit to continue down a track that could take many more months to resolve. The State of Texas is not without other options outside of the courtroom, however. Public Interest Legal Foundation President J. Christian Adams told Breitbart Texas that legislators can take the job of fixing the law into their own hands. “The Texas Legislature is also free to offer reforms that could serve to fix the ‘discriminatory effects’ of the law. A fix would be easy,” Adams noted. In July 2016, the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit found that Texas’ voter ID law had a discriminatory effect under Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act but said the district court erred in finding discriminatory intent, as reported by Breitbart Texas. The   en banc ruling held that the law did not constitute a poll tax, either. The appellate court remanded the case to the district court to determine if the voter ID provisions were written to be intentionally discriminatory. The dissents to the opinion encompassed 100 pages. Judge Edith Jones, a Reagan nominated judge, wrote a dissent which was joined by four others. She wrote, “Requiring a voter to verify her identity with a photo ID at the polling place is a reasonable requirement widely supported by Texans of all races and members of the public belonging to both political parties. ” Texas Governor Greg Abbott said immediately after the appellate court decision, “The 5th Circuit rightly reversed the lower court’s finding of discriminatory purpose, but wrongly concluded the law had a discriminatory effect. Voter fraud is real, and it undermines the integrity of the election process. ” Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton responded to the Fifth Circuit’s ruling at the time, “It is imperative that the State government safeguards our elections and ensures the integrity of our democratic process. Preventing voter fraud is essential to accurately reflecting the will of Texas voters during elections, and it is unfortunate that this   law, providing protections against fraud, was not upheld in its entirety. ” The seven acceptable forms of photo ID under the law include the following: a Texas driver’s license free Texas election identification card (EIC) Texas personal identification card Texas license to carry a concealed handgun U. S. military identification card U. S. citizenship certificate and a U. S. passport. Lana Shadwick is a contributing writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas. She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas. Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2. This article has been updated to reflect additional information.",0
20171,O’Donnell: ’You Only Live Once’ -- The Man of Forlorn Hope,"You might think the phrase “you only live once,” is a modern sentiment, but it was actually also the personal motto of one of the true unsung heroes of the American Revolution  —   Jack Steward. A tall, handsome, charismatic Maryland officer known for his sizable ego, Steward fought fearlessly in battle for a cause he ardently believed in  —   the United States. [In late August of 1776, the British Army landed more than twenty thousand troops on Long Island, where they planned to annihilate the Patriot forces. British General William Howe ordered a third of his Redcoats and Hessians to attack Washington’s troops head on, while the remainder circled around behind to trap the Americans.  The battle evolved exactly according to Howe’s plan, and within hours, he had trapped Washington and his men on the Heights of Gowanus in Brooklyn. The end seemed near for the young American army. To give hundreds of men in Washington’s army time to escape, the Marylanders mounted a series of suicidal bayonet charges against an old stone house occupied by British General Lord Cornwallis and his Redcoats. Flanked by thousands of British and Hessian troops, a few hundred men fought desperately and somehow bought enough time for the bulk of Washington’s men to withdraw. Washington, watching the action unfold through his spyglass, cried out “Good God! What brave fellows I must this day lose!” Many of the Marylanders involved in the charge sacrificed their lives. Most lie in a mass grave somewhere near the epic stand in Brooklyn. The exact whereabouts of the mass grave remains one of the greatest unsolved mysteries of the Revolution. But a handful of Marylanders survived. To stay alive, they would have to swim eighty yards across Gowanus Creek while under a hail of fire. Witnessing his brothers in danger, Lt. Steward jumped into action. He provided covering fire as the Marylanders swam for their lives. His valiant actions saved many of his Maryland brothers, who would eventually form the core of the regiment that Washington would call upon time and again in the inflection points of some of the greatest battles of the American Revolution. The story of Steward and the other Marylanders is captured in the   book Washington’s Immortals, recently released in paperback. This unique book is the first Band of Brothers treatment of the American Revolution, detailing the most important elements of nearly every significant battle of The War of Independence. Steward’s next bold stand arose at the Battle of Staten Island in August 1777, when the Americans mounted a raid against a British outpost. At first, the Patriots caught the British by surprise and quickly captured dozens of prisoners and large quantities of supplies. But the Redcoats regrouped and drove the Continental troops back to their boats. Steward led a desperate rear guard, holding off hundreds of British troops long enough for most of the raiding party to escape. When all the boats retreated from the island, the enemy surrounded Steward, forcing him to surrender. They placed him on one of the prison ships docked in New York Harbor. Often called “hell ships,” these vessels served as floating concentration camps where prisoners (as many as 15, 000 Americans) slowly starved or perished from disease in the cramped,   quarters. However, knowing he would “only live once,” the indomitable Steward miraculously escaped via a rowboat he purloined and rejoined Washington’s Army. By July 1779, the War of Independence had tediously dragged on for more than three years, and the Americans had survived a brutal winter at Valley Forge. After vigilantly gathering actionable intelligence on the British outpost at Stony Point, Washington ordered a raid to assault the fort and remove the threat the British fortification posed to American defenses in the Hudson Valley. Rather than deploy his entire army, which could have played into a British counterattack, Washington unleashed more than 1, 000 men from his light infantry, a corps “composed of the best, most hardy and active marksmen. ” The volunteer force, unencumbered by baggage and heavy artillery, earned renown for their daring, alertness, and efficiency. Jack Steward commanded a unit within the light infantry. Steward, now a major, first rode out with the commander of the raid Brigadier General “Mad Anthony” Wayne to spy out the lay of the land and take a closer look at the Stony Point’s defenses. Wayne realized that to have any chance of success he would need a “forlorn hope,” in today’s parlance, a suicide squad. Their mission was to cut through the thick abatis while under fire from the heavily defended fort. The sharpened logs  —   the eighteenth century equivalent of barbed wire  —   and multiple cannon made the fort nearly impregnable. Steward volunteered to lead the forlorn hope and the advance guard, the first to pierce the Point’s defenses. He encouraged men to join him, saying, “I want no men but the best, those that are willing to face death for their country. ” Steward’s advance guard consisted entirely of volunteers, “desperadoes led by officers of distinguished merit. ” The most fervent Patriots volunteered to be part of the forlorn hope, which they considered an immensely honorable post. Steward garnered so many volunteers that the men had to draw lots to determine who would join. Under the cover of darkness, Steward and his forlorn hope stealthily approached the fort. To preserve the element of surprise, General “Mad Anthony” Wayne ordered, “Should there be any soldier so lost to every feeling of honor, as to attempt to retreat one single foot or skulk in the face of danger, the officer next to him is immediately to put him to death. ” The same fate would befall any man who spoke or discharged his musket. The officers carried spontoons  —   long, menacing,   iron pikes on the end of wooden poles  —   which would be used without hesitation to fulfill General Wayne’s order should the need arise (Wayne didn’t provision “safe spaces” for the light infantry). And the need did arise  —   at least one man who attempted to flee was run through by an American officer. Once on the abatis, Steward’s men began hacking away. Within seconds, a British sentry sounded the alarm, and drummers beat the call to arms. As the axes cut a small opening in the British defenses, musket balls and grape shot from cannon tore into Steward’s men. However, the forlorn hope persisted, eventually cutting a hole wide enough for the rest of the American light infantry to infiltrate. But the forlorn hope was not finished. Steward’s men had to penetrate the second abatis, with the British now fully alert and firing their cannons and muskets. Men fell, cut down by the deadly fire, but the axes finally succeeded in breaching the defenses. Steward and his advance guard poured through the opening, leading the assault on the fort. The Americans won the day, achieving a crucial victory that boosted morale among the Patriots. General Wayne reported the victory to Washington, noting, “Our officers and men behaved like men who are determined to be free. ” For his daring actions at Stony Point, Jack Steward received a Congressional Silver Medal, a precursor to the Medal of Honor  —   one of only about a dozen medals awarded during the Revolution. Steward, promoted to colonel, would go on to fight in many more critical battles of the Revolution in the South.   for his day, he petitioned to lead a regiment of African Americans, but the idea never got off the ground. The Man of Forlorn Hope survived countless battles and witnessed the Yorktown surrender of Cornwallis  —   the very general that killed so many of his Maryland brothers at the stone house in Brooklyn. The war nearly over, Steward was riding on the outskirts of Charleston, to George Washington’s nephew, William Washington’s wedding party when his horse fell. “And the Colonel pitching on his head in a ditch, dislocated his neck. He lived till Sunday morning about seven o’clock and then died. ” Maryland’s indestructible man, who had survived the Battle of Brooklyn, escaped a prison ship, led the forlorn hope at Stony Point, and fought in many battles in South, including Yorktown, died 234 years ago this week. The officers of the Maryland Line, Steward’s friends, gathered to mourn. The next day, they interred Steward with every military honor. “This gentlemen, whose untimely death is much to be lamented, had served with great reputation during the war, and was much beloved by the army. ” He only lived once, but made the most of that life, dedicating it to the cause of American freedom. Patrick K. O’Donnell is a bestselling, critically acclaimed military historian and an expert on elite units. He is the author of ten books. Washington’s Immortals is his newest, which has just been released as a soft cover and has been named one of the 100 Best American Revolution Books of All Time by the Journal of the American Revolution. O’Donnell served as a combat historian in a Marine rifle platoon during the Battle of Fallujah and speaks often on espionage, special operations, and counterinsurgency. He has provided historical consulting for DreamWorks’   miniseries Band of Brothers and for documentaries produced by the BBC, the History Channel, and Discovery. PatrickkODonnell. com @combathistorian",0
20172,Carter Reveals Upgrades To US Long Range Rocket,"Carter Reveals Upgrades To US Long Range Rocket 11/02/2016 
SPUTNIK NEWS 
On Tuesday US Defense Secretary Ashton Carter announced that the Army’s tactical missile system (ATACMS) will be upgraded to strike both land and sea targets. Such technology will go a long way to defending allies against the Chinese menace and battling Moscow’s “aggression” in the Baltics. 
The missile system is sponsored by an office created by Carter in 2012, the Strategic Capabilities Office, which is currently being lead by Will Roper, a protege’ of the Secretary’s. During a panel at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) on Friday Roper told an audience, “How you offset the adversaries trying to offset your offset? It’s very simple to do that, you just don’t talk about your best capabilities…We are keeping our best ideas behind the door and probably always will,” according to Breaking Defense. 
After the panel, he continued, “We thought it was important to come out (in public) with ATACMS for the Army because there’s been a lot of writing, a lot of speeches, on the need for the Army to go cross-domain.” High ranking officials in the US military have been calling for the ATACMS to extend its capabilities seaward for some time, and Roper responded to these concerns saying, “it’s time for us to show it isn’t just a theoretical idea, it’s something we can potentially get to quickly with something that we already have.” 
During a morning session at CSIS Carter spoke of the new innovative features of the ATACMS, and how the SCO tries to maximize the potential of existing systems. 
“A prominent theme of SCO’s work is spearheading creative and unexpected new ways to use our existing missiles and advanced munitions, and across varied domains”, he said, adding, “… By integrating an existing seeker onto the front of the missile, they’re enabling it to hit moving targets, both at sea as well as on land. With this capability, what was previously an Army surface-to-surface missile system can project power from coastal locations up to 300 kilometers into the maritime domain.” 
Carter detailed the SCO’s plans to utilize seeker technology that the Defense Department has already developed so the missile system can hit targets both on sea and land. 
Lockheed Martin was awarded the $174 million contract for the long range artillery rocket system in May 2015. Ken Musculus, vice president of tactical missiles at the defense contractor said at the time that ATACMS is “reliable and proven in combat, which is why it continues to be our customers’ choice for long-range strike requirements.”",0
20173,"Mosul will not be taken, ISIS will not be destroyed","Mosul will not be taken, ISIS will not be destroyed 27.10.2016 In June of 2014, the world was amazed to see the Iraq army - armed and trained by the Americans - losing ground to the Islamic State. Fallujah, Ramadi and Iraq's second largest city, Mosul , fell within a month. The operation to liberate Mosul was launched on October 16. Will the city be liberated from ISIS terrorists?In 2014, the whole world started talking about the emergence of new terrorists . The world could not destroy them as the Americans wanted to use the new terrorists to their advantage to struggle against geopolitical rivals - Iran and Russia. Now we can see the Americans trying to take Mosul. The Western press is full of rosy expectations about the imminent collapse of the Islamic State"" (a terrorist organization banned in Russia). Fallujah and Ramadi have been liberated - one only has to take the two-million-strong Mosul, and the trick is done. Yet, the trick does not seem to be that simple. Firstly, Mosul is a city with a Sunni population in the Shiite-ruled country. This is the first resistance factor. Secondly, Mosul is the actual capital of the Islamic State - this is a city, the status of which determines the status of the Islamists. Therefore, there will be fierce battles, a humanitarian catastrophe and up to one million refugees. This is where Russia will be able to draw a parallel with Aleppo - something the Americans will not like. In pictures: The storm of Mosul, Iraq Nevertheless, if we do not see all that, and 9,000 ISIS fighters will leave Mosul, it will mean that they have been affiliated with Turkey and the United States. It is not hard to guess where the Turks and the Americans will send them to - to Syria: Deir ez-Zor, Palmyra, Damascus. Will there be US flag draped coffins coming from Iraq? The city is being stormed by motley and, one might even say, hostile forces . No one knows how they may fight for power during the operation. An Iraqi anonymous observer in Baghdad said that ""the offensive on Mosul looks hopeless, but one pins all their hopes on the support from the US, The Independent wrote. At least 12 US generals and 5,000 American troops are in Iraq, and they will play a crucial role in the fight. Five thousand is a lot, but what if the Americans start suffering losses? ""The Iraqis say that Mosul is their center. The Kurds say that the city is their center,"" Semyon Bagdasarov, an expert on Central Asia and the Middle East at the Center for Analytical Research told Pravda.Ru. Peshmerga (the Kurdish militia - ed.) is the core strength: five thousand Kurds are attacking Mosul, and what they will take will be their territory. The Kurdistan Workers' Party is also involved, and they are not going to share with anyone. All these are hostile parties, including the Turkish army and the Sunni militia. In general, it is total chaos."" According to Colonel Tim Collins, a former officer in the British Army, who fought in Iraq in 2003, currently the chief of the security service at New Century, the conflict may exacerbate further against the background of the conflict between the Turks and the Kurds. The Iranians would like to see this problem by increasing their influence on Iraq. The Syrians want to punish the Sunnis, the Iraqi army wants to restore its reputation, the colonel said in an interview with CNN. General Qasem Soleimani of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards could be one of the winners, Collins believes. Whoever becomes the victor in Mosul, the Islamic State will not be defeated , even if ISIS loses Mosul. The organization will recover in Libya, Afghanistan, Indonesia, the Philippines and elsewhere - whenever Washington needs those terrorists. They will not stop recruiting new members across the globe, because the Americans continue spreading their ideology to the Islamic world. Will Europe rebel against Washington, or will it continue to suffer from refugees and Jihadists? Lyuba Lulko Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru Russia to save Iraq from ISIS",0
20174,EPIC: Brave German woman beats the absolute hell out of a Muslim ‘refugee’ with her purse,jewsnews © 2015 | JEWSNEWS | It's not news...unless it's JEWS NEWS !!! Proudly powered by WordPress — Theme: JustWrite by Acosmin Join the over 1.4 million fans of Jews News on FB…It’s NOT news unless it’s Jews News!,0
20175,"A $1,000 Day in Tokyo for $100 - The New York Times","I walked out of Tokyo Station, the big commuter hub in the city’s Chiyoda district, and turned to look up at its gorgeous brick facade. I was lost. I couldn’t find the Tokyo Station Hotel  —   a   luxury property that was renovated in 2012. My mistake, it turned out, was leaving the train station at all. The hotel and the train station coexist in one long, outstretched building, which was completed in 1914 and offers a refreshing prewar architectural counterpoint to the glittering    skyscrapers Tokyo is now known for. I looped back in and found the hotel’s lobby, as well as its chief concierge, Marie Antoinette Mori, who greeted me at her desk. Originally from the Philippines, Ms. Mori became fascinated with Japan during its big 1980s economic boom. She studied international tourism in Japan, married a Japanese man and began working in the hospitality industry, where her career took off. “I became one of the favorites of Mr. Stringer”  —   the former Sony chairman Howard Stringer. “I was the only one who wasn’t afraid of him,” she said with a laugh. Ms. Mori had prepared an itinerary for a fictitious guest, spending $1, 000 (about 110, 000 yen) over the course of a day in this   city. My goal was to remake the itinerary on a budget of $100  —   necessarily cutting a few corners, but hoping to retain the spirit of the original. HIGH Ms. Mori escorted me to the top floor of her hotel, into a huge room where sunlight flooded in through large skylights. Guests grazed on a large, comprehensive morning buffet. Ms. Mori recommended the Tokyo Station Hotel breakfast (3, 800 yen) where they could enjoy standard Western fare (eggs made to order, coffee, pastries) or regional Japanese staples, where the Tokyo Station really excels:   (hot pot from the northern Hokkaido region) traditional rice porridge, soybean milk skin, and boiled rape blossoms. Ms. Mori said many luxury hotels in the area had comparable buffets. The   she said, specializes in pastries. “Over there they have a, uh   …     what do you call it?” she asked. “A Cronut. ” LOW From one buffet in a huge train station to another, I went to the considerably cheaper Bar Marche Kodama in the Shinagawa train station in the Minato ward. It’s also a little tricky to find: Don’t exit the station once you get off at the Shinagawa stop. Go into the Ecute department store and you’ll find the small restaurant in the back corner. Once there, I feasted on an eclectic, mostly   buffet of prosciutto, green salad, fresh corn, pasta Bolognese, crispy fried rice and, for dessert, Italian wedding cookies. The inclusion of the salad was particularly nice  —   Japanese cuisine is healthy, but not necessarily heavy on raw, leafy greens. Total cost: 620 yen. HIGH Ms. Mori quoted a price of roughly 15, 000 yen to have a private sedan with a driver for three hours to ferry our faux   around the city. The Tokyo Station Hotel goes so far as to meet guests at train platforms and escort them to the hotel  —   a service that comes only with staying at the hotel, of course, which can run over $1, 000 per night. LOW Logistics are tricky for those unfamiliar with the city. Get to know and love the train, because you’ll be spending quite a bit of time with it. Tokyo’s system is expansive and can be, in a word, daunting. There are over 100 different railway lines in Tokyo, and most of them are privately held by competing companies. The two big ones you’ll need to know are JR East, the largest railway system in Japan, and the Tokyo Metro, the city’s busiest subway system. If you’re planning to use only the subway or JR lines, there are passes for that. A combination ticket, though (which can be purchased in JR stations) is the better way to go. For 1, 590 yen, you’ll be able to use several lines for one day, including all of Tokyo’s JR lines and the Tokyo Metro. Another option is to buy a Suica or Pasmo card (available at ticket vending machines in major train stations) reusable cards on which you load money you touch them to the turnstile each time you ride. There is a   deposit to pick up one of those cards, but it’s worth it  —   you won’t have to deal with individual tickets, you’ll get a small discount on rides and you can even use it to make purchases in some stores and at the city’s ubiquitous vending machines. Related pro tip Get a SIM card for your phone  —   data only. You won’t want to be without a maps app when you’re walking around. Cards in the $15 to $20 range are widely available. (Make sure you get the right size: the   iPhones, for example, use nano SIM cards, not micro SIM.) HIGH The Asakusa neighborhood is known for its Sensoji Buddhist temple, Tokyo’s oldest. Ms. Mori recommended a rickshaw tour of the neighborhood, passing along Sumida Park, one of the many places in Tokyo to see sakura, or cherry blossoms, in the early spring. A   tour costs 16, 250 yen. LOW I set out to do some exploring on my own, and see some sakura in the process. A follower of the Frugal Traveler Twitter account recommended the Nezu Museum in the Minato district. While the Nezu’s collection of Buddhist art and Chinese bronzes was interesting, I was most impressed with the lush garden out back. The garden  —   about four acres  —   is shockingly big in a place where space is so precious. It truly feels like an escape from the city. Admission was 1, 000 yen. From there, I hopped a couple of trains over to the Korakuen station and walked up to the University of Tokyo’s Koishikawa Botanical Gardens. After paying admission (400 yen) I headed from the southeast entrance to a huge open expanse in the center of the garden. I found families picnicking, children playing and people lining up for coffee and tea from the ramshackle snack bar called Coffee Time (a coffee is 300 yen). All were enjoying the budding cherry blossoms and cool spring weather. HIGH Ms. Mori recommended the omakase tasting menu at  —   where else?  —   Sukiyabashi Jiro. The    sushi master Jiro Ono’s already formidable status was made outright legendary with the release of the 2012 documentary “Jiro Dreams of Sushi. ” The   restaurant is difficult to get into, but Ms. Mori can make the arrangements. “We can get you into Jiro,” she said, “but then you have to go. You have to. We can’t have   at Jiro. ” The price for lunch (or dinner) is 30, 000 yen. LOW Jiro received three Michelin stars Tsuta received one. It was the first Japanese ramen shop ever to receive such an honor. The small, unassuming space, close to the Sugamo station on the JR Yamanote line, is difficult to get into for different reasons: They take no reservations and operate on a ticket system. I went early one morning, around 7:30 a. m. and waited outside the restaurant with a handful of other people. Eventually the door slid open and a man came out with a handful of small, laminated tickets. He handed me one: “Come back,” he said. “Between 12 and 1 p. m. ” He took a   bill as a deposit, then went back inside and closed the door. When I returned at noon, I was treated to the best bowl of shoyu (soy  ) ramen I’d ever eaten. The broth was deep, intense and slightly sweet. The accompaniments  —     egg, bamboo shoots and pork slices  —   were done perfectly. The basic ramen bowl at Tsuta is 950 yen  —   I paid a total of 1, 250 for three extra slices of pork. HIGH Who doesn’t like a little costume play built into their vacations? Ms. Mori recommended something called a “kimono experience and photo shoot,” wherein the patron pays for elaborate kimono dress (in one of several styles: oiran, maiko or geisha) as well as hair and makeup. A photo shoot follows. Men, don’t think you’re getting out of this: There’s a samurai option for you. The oiran set with two kimonos costs 27, 000 yen. LOW I found a different way to incorporate both ceremonial clothing (of sorts) and culture into my visit: taking in a Japanese baseball game. I bought my ticket at one of the many   in Japan. (  is owned by a Japanese company.) It was a complicated process, one that involved a helpful clerk trying to spell my name in the Japanese alphabet  —   buying at the stadium probably would have been easier. It also involved deciding what “cheering section” I wanted to sit in. I decided on an outfield ticket on the side of the home team, the Tokyo Yakult Swallows. The game was positively raucous  —   at one point, everyone in my section produced tiny umbrellas and began thrusting them up and down and chanting (a   chant, I assumed) while a small brass band backed them up. The stadium grub selection was great, too  —   a big bowl of ramen could be had for 750 yen, yakitori for 100 yen, and a whiskey and melon soda for 600 yen. My ticket cost a reasonable 1, 800 yen. HIGH Seiji Yamamoto is the chef at Nihonryori RyuGin, a modern kaiseki restaurant that was awarded three Michelin stars. Mr. Yamamoto is known for incorporating modern culinary techniques with the refined, traditional kaiseki dinner. The descriptions of RyuGin’s courses are wonderfully abstract: Dishes have names like “Coolness Warmth Playfulness Nostalgia and Temptation” and “A Message From the Coast of Japan. ” Dinner costs 27, 000 yen. LOW I was also in search of a taste of the coast of Japan, in the form of a sushi dinner. I met up with my friend Mayumi, a Tokyo native, and presented her with my annoyingly specific parameters: something good but not that good cheap but definitely not poor quality. She   took me to a small place near the Kyodo train station in her neighborhood, about a   ride from Shinjuku: Midori Sushi, an unpretentious restaurant next to a KFC. The chef Ken Hosono’s   omakase menu featured an exceptionally   squid, along with barracuda, fatty tuna, uni and a wonderfully buttery scallop, among other pieces. The cost was 3, 000 yen per person. Not only was it one of best sushi dinners I’ve had in recent memory, but it was among the cheapest  —   a    sweet spot that every frugal traveler seeks out.",0
20176,Chicago Cubs Crowned the Lords of Windy City,"It has been 25 years since a record turnout of people watched the World Series on television. Nobody saw this win coming, and it was 108 years in the making. However, dreams came true on Tuesday, Nov. 2, 2016, when the Chicago Cubs, crowned the Lords of Windy City, won the World Series.
The city of Chicago experienced an epic moment in sports history. A moment, so grand that it would topple the elections for a split second. After the game, crowds went ballistic. Things were just getting warmed up as two million fans relished in the Cubs victory lap around the city. The triumphant tour ended with a rally in Grant Park. However, the lap may have concluded but the Chicago Cubs long awaited success story has yet to be told.
The Road to Victory
Success did not come overnight. In fact, it started years ago. Before they were the Lords of Windy City, the Cubs played in 11 World Series, overall. Moreover, before they were the Chicago Cubs, they were the Chicago White Stockings, in 1876. West Side Grounds was where the White Stockings did their damage, with multiple victories. Eventually, establishing themselves as one of the new league’s highest-regarded teams.
By 1890, they had converted to the Chicago Colts. Nevertheless, they would not remain the Colts for long. Despite the fact, the franchise had ushered in a new dynasty, a name change was underway for the final time. In 1902, they became the Chicago Cubs.
The Cubs won four emblems. in a five-year span. from 1905 to 1912. During that time, they won two World Series titles. The Cubs recorded a record 116 victories and the best-winning percentage (.763) in Major League history. However, it would all fall apart due to the alleged Billy Goat curse.
Curse of the Billy Goat
In 1945, a man named William Sianis, owner of Billy Goat Tavern, supposedly placed “The Curse of the Billy Goat” on the Chicago Cubs. This sports-related curse lasted from 1945 to 2016. The legend began over the odor of his pet goat, Murphy. The myth states that Murphy’s scent was annoying fans. During game four, he was asked to leave Wrigley Field, the 1945 World Series. Livid, Sianis apparently professed, “They ain’t gonna win no more, those Cubs,” which has been understood as an indication the Cubs would not win another World Series or the National League (NL) pennant.
Sianis stormed out of the stadium with his goat, and the Cubs lost the 1945 World Series to the Detroit Tigers. Never again, would they see a win, until the 2016 World Series Championship.
The Chicago Cubs Drought
Before their historic win, the Cubs had to endure almost a century of losses. In 1908, the Chicago Cubs won their last World Series, for the second successive year, against the Detroit Tigers. Even though the Cubs went on to play in seven World Series afterward, they went home with nothing. Instead of wins, there was only the agony of defeat. Nevertheless, this torment turned into the thrill of victory after winning the 2016 World Series, and the 2016 National League Championship Series.
The night of Nov. 2, concluded the 108-year World Series championship drought, plus a 71-year National League pennant drought that plagued the Chicago Cubs for over a century. This time period of losses would go down in history as one of the longest by any major American sports team.
The Victorious Night
All it took was an 8-7, 10-inning triumph over the Cleveland Indians, in an electrifying Game 7, that started Wednesday evening (Nov. 2) and finished promptly, on Thursday before noon (Nov. 3). It was a night to be remembered; every seat at Wrigley Field filled. The stadium, recognized for its ivy-coated brick outfield wall, unusual wind patterns from Lake Michigan, and the iconic red pavilion was the center of the universe that night.
Stars like John Travolta and Amy Schumer were at the event. Homeland Security, 1,000 Chicago police officers, and FBI agents swarmed the place. It was more than a big deal. The Chicago Cubs went out with a bang, ending the season with a 103–58 (.640) record. It would be their first 100-win season since 1935 (100–54, .649) and their best since 1910 (104–50, .675). Additionally, it is the sixth 100-victory season in franchise history.
When it was all over, the Cubs won the World Series for the first time since 1908, terminating the infamous 108-year win deficiency and the “curse,” thus, being crowned the Lords of Windy City.
By Jomo Merritt
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
Fox 32: Cubs World Series celebration ranks as 7th largest gathering in human history
ESPN: Chicago parties with the Cubs
Chicago Tribune: Cubs roster breakdown: Players expected to return, depart for 2017 season
Image Courtesy of Arturo Pardavila III’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Image Courtesy of Erik Drost’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License 2016 World Series , chicago cubs , Cleveland Indians , spot",0
20177,C.D.C. Reports 234 Pregnant Women in U.S. With Zika - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The number of women infected with the Zika virus during their pregnancies in the continental United States has risen to 234, health officials said on Thursday. Officials from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention declined to say how many of the women had given birth, citing confidentiality concerns for the women and their families. But they did cite six cases with abnormalities  —   three babies with birth defects and another three who died before birth with evidence of defects. The numbers raised more questions than answers. Without knowing the total number of births, officials cannot know if the babies with birth defects represent a tiny fraction of the total, or a large part. The agency said some of the defects were related to microcephaly, a condition linked to Zika that causes brain damage and abnormally small heads. Others, like eye problems, were   but not caused by microcephaly. Dr. Denise J. Jamieson, one of the leaders of the pregnancy and birth defects team, which is part of the C. D. C. ’s Zika response effort, said the release of the numbers was the first in what will be weekly updates on birth outcomes in Zika pregnancies. As the number of births rises, she said, the agency will be able to release more detailed information. “We’re sort of in a hard place,” Dr. Jamieson said. “We can’t provide a lot of information about where these women are in their pregnancy. We don’t want to inadvertently disclose information about difficult decisions these women are making about their pregnancies. ” She said the numbers included the nine pregnant women the C. D. C. had reported on in February. Of the babies in those cases, at least one was born with microcephaly. The C. D. C. also reported on Thursday that the total number of pregnant women who had been infected with Zika in United States territories, including Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, was 189. But the agency did not report birth outcomes for that group. “Microcephalic babies are beginning to be born,” Dr. Jamieson said. “The disease seems to be very similar no matter where it is. ” Dr. Jamieson said some of the microcephalic births they were seeing were among women who had no symptoms of Zika, a troubling pattern. Roughly 80 percent of people who contract the virus never display symptoms. She estimated that the approximate risk of having a baby with birth defects  —   based on findings from Brazil, Colombia and other countries, including the United States  —   was between 1 percent and 15 percent. A study published Wednesday in The New England Journal of Medicine found no cases of microcephaly among infants born to women in Colombia who were infected in the third trimester of pregnancy. “The pattern we are seeing in other places is the same as in U. S. travelers  —   that Zika is causing birth defects is real,” she said. “It’s not confined to one location or one time period. ”",0
20178,2:00PM Water Cooler 11/1/2016,"By Lambert Strether of Corrente . 
TTP, TTIP, TISA 
CETA: “The provisional application of CETA refers to the fact that some things—like the tariff reductions—will come into operation immediately, assuming the European Parliament agrees. But other areas, notably the ISDS/ICS, must wait for full ratification of the deal. That requires all of the EU’s 28 member states to go through national ratification processes, which will probably take several years” [ Ars Technica ]. “And despite what the commission would have you think, it is by no means certain that all the national parliaments will approve CETA.” More: 
For example, a tweet by Katharina Nocun pointed out that left-wing and green parties could block its passage in Germany. At various times, there have been hints that other countries’ parliaments may not agree to the deal, but it’s not yet clear what the current situation is around the EU….. 
Another serious threat to CETA’s coming into force are legal challenges. As part of the deal to obtain Wallonia’s permission to sign CETA, the EU agreed that the ICS framework would be examined by the EU’s highest court, the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU). If the CJEU finds that the approach is incompatible with the EU’s fundamental principles, it will either have to be dropped from CETA (and TTIP ), or CETA itself will fall (as will TTIP). 
In addition, there are two constitutional challenges to CETA, one in Canada , and one in Germany. 
Good wrap-up of the state of play. 
TTIP: ” A much-debated trade deal between the European Union and the United States is not dead and negotiations will continue with the new U.S. administration after November’s elections, EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom said on Saturday” [ Reuters ]. TTIP dresses up for Halloween. As a zombie! 
TPP: “[new Zealand] Prime Minister John Key believes the TPP still has a 50-50 chance of being passed in the lame-duck Congressional period after the November 8 presidential election” [ Otago Daily Times ]. 
TPP: “TPP Is Exciting. Let’s Make the Case for It” [Tyler Cown, Bloomberg ]. “So what then is the exciting, big-picture case for TPP? I say it’s to keep North America, and especially the U.S., the world’s leading economic cluster for the foreseeable future.” It’s a cluster, alright. 
TPP: “Only 38 per cent of Japanese want to ratify the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement, according to a survey published by the newspaper Nikkei, showing a growing public distrust of free trade agreements” [ The Advertiser ]. “The government of Japan under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has proposed to ratify the TPP before the end of the current parliamentary session, on November 30, in order to ensure that Japan is the first country to give its assent to the agreement.” 
2016 
Days until: 6. That’s less than a week! 
Corruption 
“If there is any lesson to be learned from the ghosts of Watergate, it is that the big-money support of a leader who has lost the ability to deliver the goods crumbles very quickly as the endgame unfolds” [ Of Two Minds ]. 
Downballot 
“Democrats are poised to gain seats in the House of Representatives this year, but with well over a dozen competitive races still viewed as tossups just one week before Election Day, the extent of that gain — and whether Republicans can stem the bleeding and keep a strong grip on their majority — remains uncertain” [ RealClearPolitics ]. “GOP insiders say their polling in swing districts has stabilized, and they feel energized by the news Friday that the FBI is looking into emails that could be related to its previously close investigation of Hillary Clinton’s private server.” 
“Hillary Clinton’s campaign has nearly taken up residence in North Carolina, strategically eyeing what it calls the “Checkmate State” as a way to soundly block Donald Trump’s path to the presidency” [ RealClearPolitics ]. As we wrote yesterday . 
The Trail 
I expected the Clinton campaign to have pulled up its dump truck and unloaded some serious oppo Monday or today; but so far as I can tell, all we have are damp squibs (1) and (2). Clearing the way for Wikileaks on Wednesday? 
(1) “Why Trump’s Russian server connection is less suspicious than it sounds” [ Engadget ]; Franklin Foer’s original piece of crap piece here, in the Jeff Bezos Shopper’s lifestyle insert (I’m not dignifying it with square brackets because the reaction by tech twitter is universally derisive). 
(2) “Donald Trump Used Legally Dubious Method to Avoid Paying Taxes” [ New York Times ]. “Tax experts who reviewed the newly obtained documents for The New York Times said Mr. Trump’s tax avoidance maneuver, conjured from ambiguous provisions of highly technical tax court rulings, clearly pushed the edge of the envelope of what tax laws permitted at the time.” I’ve helpfully underlined the weasel phrase. 
Democrat Email Hairball 
“Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, last year signed a $7,000-a-month contract with the foundation of a major Clinton donor who made a fortune selling a type of mortgage that some critics say contributed to the housing collapse, hacked emails show” [ Politico ]. How cozy! 
” Forget the FBI cache; the Podesta emails show how America is run” [Thomas Frank, Guardian ]. 
[T]he emails that really matter are the ones being slowly released by WikiLeaks from the hacked account of Hillary Clinton’s campaign chair John Podesta. They are last week’s scandal in a year running over with scandals, but in truth their significance goes far beyond mere scandal: they are a window into the soul of the Democratic party and into the dreams and thoughts of the class to whom the party answers. 
The class to which I refer is not rising in angry protest; they are by and large pretty satisfied, pretty contented. Nobody takes road trips to exotic West Virginia to see what the members of this class looks like or how they live; on the contrary, they are the ones for whom such stories are written. This bunch doesn’t have to make do with a comb-over TV mountebank for a leader; for this class, the choices are always pretty good, and this year they happen to be excellent. 
They are the comfortable and well-educated mainstay of our modern Democratic party. They are also the grandees of our national media; the architects of our software; the designers of our streets; the high officials of our banking system; the authors of just about every plan to fix social security or fine-tune the Middle East with precision droning. They are, they think, not a class at all but rather the enlightened ones, the people who must be answered to but who need never explain themselves. 
The good people. 
Stats Watch 
Purchasing Managers’ Manufacturing Index, October 2016: “A marked upturn in new orders leads a very positive manufacturing PMI” [ Econoday ]. “The increase in orders is centered in domestic demand though export orders also improved. Backlogs are another plus, rising to the best level in three months…. Based on this report, the manufacturing sector, after a flat year, is now accelerating into year end.” But: “There is nothing in the ISM or Markit reports that would leave one to think manufacturing is on the mend” [ Econintersect ]. 
Institute For Supply Management Manufacturing Index, October 2016: “ISM’s manufacturing sample reported no better than moderate conditions [below consensus]. But new orders are a disappointment, still showing monthly growth but at a much slower rate” [ Econoday ]. “The construction sector, despite unusually low mortgage rates, has been struggling this year with the softness in single-family housing posing continued challenges for what is otherwise a strong new home market.” And: ” ISM employment index is not useful in understanding manufacturing jobs growth. The ISM employment index appears useful in predicting turning points which can lead the BLS data up to one year” [ Econintersect ]. 
New Normal: “Another factor, too, is the productive capacity that was built up to support a consumption engine that is no longer running at full tilt. Companies have more equipment and infrastructure than they are currently using, and with unused capacity, there is little reason to invest in new equipment or technologies. This helps explain the weak rate of capital spending in GDP – and may also help answer the vexing question of why productivity gains are so anemic. After all, productivity might be enhanced by innovation, which requires research and investment” [ Econintersect ]. 
Construction Spending, September 2016: “Construction spending remains weak but indications on housing do show limited improvement” [ Econoday ]. And: “well below the consensus forecast” [ Econintersect ]. But: “Overall, however – construction is now contracting after spending nearly 5 years expanding year-over-year. Still note that the rolling averages did improve” [ Econintersect ]. “But the confusion is that construction spending does not correlate to construction employment – casting doubt on the validity of one or both data sets.” 
Housing: “Nearly half of the homes purchased in major cities in Florida are all cash buyers. Cleveland is also seeing nearly half of all home purchases being made with all cash” [ Doctor Housing Bubble ]. The “All Cash Buyer Percentage” in Miami is 54% (!), and in Los Angeles 20%. Cleveland, 45% and Pittsburgh, 42%. 
Coops: “Today, National Cooperative Bank, known for providing banking solutions tailored to meet the needs of cooperatives nationwide, released its annual NCB Co-op 100®, listing the nation’s top 100 revenue-earning cooperative businesses. In 2015, these businesses posted revenue totaling approximately $223.8 billion. The NCB Co-op 100® remains the only annual report of its kind to track the profits and successes of cooperative businesses in the United States” [ Market Wired (DB)]. See also this list of coop-oriented podcasts . 
Shipping: “Study shows e-commerce consumers are loyal to UPS, USPS, and FedEx… in that order” [ DC Velocity ]. Non-union trails… 
Shipping: “Developers are having a harder time finding space for new warehouses in increasingly crowded and expensive U.S. cities. Their answer: build upward” [ Wall Street Journal , “Prologis to Build First Multistory Warehouse in the U.S.”]. “[M]ultistory warehouses are already common in countries like Japan and Singapore, as well as elsewhere in Asia and Europe, where vacant land is harder to find. ” Like New England mills… 
Shipping: “None of the world’s biggest container-shipping companies is likely to post a profit this year, a top executive of French shipping giant CMA CGM said Monday” [ Wall Street Journal , “Grim Year Forecast for Big Shipping Firms”]. 
Shipping: “A mainstay of the U.S. domestic shipping business is struggling to stay afloat. Lawyers who put International Shipholding Corp. into bankruptcy in July say they have a deal to bring the vessel owner’s troubled operations under the umbrella of a larger Florida-based maritime services firm. International Shipholding’s survival battle hasn’t gotten the attention of bigger turmoil in the global shipping business, but the 69-year-old company’s collapse highlights the impact that the downturn in demand is having across the entire shipping supply chain” [ Wall Street Journal ]. Wow. 
Shipping: “The cascading of increasingly larger containerships from the Asia-Europe trade to smaller trades is set for a second, “potentially more destructive”, phase, with a new generation of ultra large container vessels moving into north-south lanes” [ Lloyd’s List ]. 
Shipping: “A giant fire engulfed a beached tanker today killing at least ten workers at the Gadani shipbreaking area in Pakistan injuring another 50” [ Splash 247 ]. “A welding error led to a blast on the ship, which rapidly spread into a blaze with images and videos seen by Splash showing dark, vast plumes above the beached vessel.” 
Shipping: “Over 90 percent of world trade moves by sea, but once cargo is on a ship, it enters a zone with little information about the path ships are taking or the stops they are making. Only in recent years have the largest ships begun regularly transmitting location data, and even now, a ship may stop its transmission and ‘go dark’ at any time” [ MIT Technology Review ]. 
Honey for the Bears: “Economic Planning Associates Inc.’s (EPA) latest freight rail-car forecast for total deliveries in 2016 has edged up to 61,800 units from 60,300 units. But, weakness in the market for certain cars has prompted the firm to lower its estimate for 2017” [ Progressive Railroading ]. Another straw in the wind for 2017. “‘Strength in box cars, hi-cube covered hoppers and mid-sized hoppers prompted EPA to increase this year’s total delivery estimate. However, weaknesses in tank cars, coal cars, flat cars and mill gons will serve to lower 2017 assemblies to 41,000,’ stated EPA’s report, which was released yesterday. ‘After a further easing to 40,000 car deliveries in 2018, demand for rail cars will rebound on an annual basis, reaching 51,500 cars in 2021.'” 
Fodder for the Bulls: “But as the year has progressed, worries about the state of the world’s second-largest economy have abated as economic data have firmed. There’s a bevy of evidence from domestic figures and other metrics sensitive to the state of the Chinese economy now showing that the nation isn’t in the midst of a disruptive downturn” [ Bloomberg ]. 
Apparel: “In an industry famous for shrouding the connection between what it costs to manufacture garments and accessories, and the price that consumers pay for those items, Everlane seemingly fills a void; hence, its success. Price transparency aside, on the heels an array of garment manufacturing-related tragedies in recent years and amongst a larger call – particularly from millennials – for more ethically sound garments, Everlane founder and CEO, Michael Preysman, a former Investment Associate, saw a business opportunity in ethically made clothing” [ The Fashion Law ]. “In accordance with Everlane’s motto, we ask: Why would a brand based on transparency not list its factories?… Making vague and unsubstantiated claims in lieu of providing cold hard facts is a common trend that runs through the Everlane model.” 
Commodities: “BHP Billiton Ltd., the world’s biggest miner, is hot for electric vehicles” [ Bloomberg ]. “”As you see more renewables and EVs, we also will see an impact on copper demand,” Fiona Wild, BHP’s vice president, sustainability and climate change, said Tuesday at a conference in Shanghai hosted by Bloomberg New Energy Finance. ‘EVs at the moment have about 80 kilograms of copper in them. As they become more efficient, you see a greater amount of copper in those vehicles, so there’s always upside for copper.'” NOTE: “Bloomberg New Energy Finance” is listed on the cover of the McKinsey report on self-driving cars (PDF), whose infamous footnote 17 is analyzed here . They seem to have provided much of the data, including data for Exhibit 10. Talking their book? 
Commodities: “A slump in demand for iron ore and coal in Europe has resulted in a marked decrease in dry bulk throughput at the Port of Rotterdam. In the first nine months of the year, it handled 60.3m tonnes of dry bulk, or 7.8% lower than the same period last year, the port said” [ Lloyd’s List ]. 
The Bezzle: “Racial and Gender Discrimination in Transportation Network Companies” [ National Bureau of Economic Research ]. “Passengers have faced a history of discrimination in transportation systems. Peer transportation companies such as Uber and Lyft present the opportunity to rectify long-standing discrimination or worsen it. We sent passengers in Seattle, WA and Boston, MA to hail nearly 1,500 rides on controlled routes and recorded key performance metrics. Results indicated a pattern of discrimination, which we observed in Seattle through longer waiting times for African American passengers—as much as a 35 percent increase. In Boston, we observed discrimination by Uber drivers via more frequent cancellations against passengers when they used African American-sounding names. Across all trips, the cancellation rate for African American sounding names was more than twice as frequent compared to white sounding names.” 
Political Risk: “Variations in the market’s performance under Democratic and Republican administrations, measured by the average of yearly returns over more than 160 years, are so small as to be negligible, said Vanguard senior investment strategist Jonathan Lemco, a former professor of political science at Johns Hopkins University” [ Bloomberg ]. “A recent survey did show that the election ;is causing U.S. voters high anxiety . ;But according to readings of the CBOE Volatility Index, or VIX, the level of market anxiety is pretty normal, said Lemco. Volatility “hasn’t exceeded normal levels for a presidential election year, and there is no indication that it will deviate from typical patterns after the election,” he wrote in a recent report .” 
“Issues about morality, the market, and the constitutional order should have been central to the policy debate about macroeconomics. They weren’t. The standard policy frame eliminated them from discussion, causing a chasm in the policy debate in which the common framework shared by Keynes and Hayek disappeared” [ Evonomics ]. “Market fundamentalists incorrectly were portrayed as heartless and uncaring about the poor by followers of Keynes. Keynesians were incorrectly portrayed as unthinking supporters of big government by followers of Hayek. 
Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 22 Fear (previous close: 30, Fear) [ CNN ]. One week ago: 48 (Neutral). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated Nov 1 at 12:30pm. Nobody standing between Mr. Market and the pitchforks? 
Big Brother Is Watching You Watch 
“How Despots Use Twitter to Hunt Dissidents” [ Bloomberg ]. For years, Twitter has offered access to its “Firehose”—the global deluge of tweets, half a billion a day—to a number of companies that monitor social media. Some of those companies resell the information—mostly to marketers, but also to governments and law enforcement agencies around the world. Some of these authorities use the data to track dissidents, as Bloomberg Businessweek has learned through dozens of interviews with industry insiders and more than 100 requests for public records from law enforcement agencies in the U.S. There’s nothing illegal about selling Twitter data, but it’s uncomfortable for a company that promotes itself as a medium for free speech and protest.” One more reason Twitter should be a coop? 
Standing Rock and #NoDAPL 
“Did #DAPL Security Worker Wielding an AR-15 Rifle Try to Infiltrate Native Water Protectors?” [ Democracy Now!] ” More details are emerging from Thursday, including video footage of a man who appears to be a Dakota Access security contractor holding a rifle, with his face covered by a bandana, apparently attempting to infiltrate a group of water protectors. A Standing Rock Sioux tribal member says he saw the man driving down Highway 1806 toward the main resistance camp with an AR-15 rifle on the passenger side of his truck. Protectors chased down his truck and then pursued him on foot in efforts to disarm him. In the video, the man can be seen pointing the rifle at the protectors as he attempts to flee into the water. He was ultimately arrested by Bureau of Indian Affairs police. Protectors say inside the man’s truck they found a DAPL security ID card and insurance papers listing his vehicle as insured by DAPL. ” 
Winter supplies for the protesters: Firewood is #1 [ Sacred Stone Camp ]. So if you’ve got a truck and a couple of cords… 
“How to Talk About #NoDAPL: A Native Perspective” [ Truthout ]. “In discussing #NoDAPL, too few people have started from a place of naming that we, as Indigenous people, have a right to defend our water and our lives, simply because we have a natural right to defend ourselves and our communities. When ‘climate justice,’ in a very broad sense, becomes the center of conversation, our fronts of struggle are often reduced to a staging ground for the messaging of NGOs.” 
“Dakota Access pipeline protests: UN group investigates human rights abuses” [ Guardian ]. “‘When you look at what the international standards are for the treatment of people, and you are in a place like the United States, it’s really astounding to hear some of this testimony,’ said Roberto Borrero, a representative of the International Indian Treaty Council.” 
“At least 1.3 million people had ‘checked in’ to the Standing Rock Indian Reservation on Facebook as a show of support for activists trying to block the pipeline, after one user claimed that authorities were tracking protesters on social media. The Sheriff’s Department said Monday that the claim was ‘absolutely false'” [ Los Angeles Times ]. So can I take that as a confirmation? Anyhow, “ strength of weak ties” with Facebook, but at least the logic is “I am Spartacus!” 
Black Injustice Tipping Point 
“Like Abusive Policing, Denial of Access to Mortgage Credit for Black Americans is a Growing Crisis” [ Institute for New Economic Thinking ]. “In a report commissioned by the National Association of Real Estate Brokers, Carr and co-author Michela Zonta report that homeownership for black people right now is shockingly low — less than the national rate during the Great Depression, which stood around 43-44 percent.” 
Class Warfare 
“Opioid overdoses among kids, teens have nearly tripled in recent years” [ New York Times (DK)]. 
“[C]ollectively, mergers at [the scale of the proposed $85 billion combination of AT&T and Time Warner] are reconfiguring the American economy in ways that seem to be tilting the scales toward the interests of ever-larger corporations, to the broad detriment of labor” [Eduardo Porter, New York Times ]. “As Senator John Sherman, the principal author of the nation’s core antimonopoly law, put it more than a century ago, a monopoly ‘commands the price of labor without fear of strikes, for in its field it allows no competitors.'” 
News of the Wired 
Exhaustive compilation of reaction to the Apple MacBook Pro event [ Milen.me ]. “From where I’m standing, Apple are redefining (shrinking) their target audience for the Mac platform. If you feel left out by the latest updates and the neglect on the desktop, it’s simple as Apple deciding not to serve your segment’s needs. I know that it can feel quite personal to Mac devotees, like me, but it’s simply business and strategy.” In other words, the rollout wasn’t a debacle; Apple has decided it doesn’t want to serve the professional market any more (including, one would have thought critically, the market in content creation). Since the Mac accounts for 10% of Apple’s revenues, that may be a rational business decision. But if Cook really thinks “the iPad Pro is a replacement for a notebook or a desktop” he’s delusional, and I don’t care if he paid for a marketing study. I own both and I know. The ultimate strength of the Mac was always the Human Interface Guidelines — gradually being crapified as iOS idioms infest OS X — which imposed a similar “look and feel” across all applications that ran on the Mac platform. It would be nice if Ubuntu, say, could achieve the same thing. Sadly, that doesn’t seem likely, for reasons both technical and cultural. My first Mac was a 512KE. It was a good run. 
* * * 
Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here . And here’s today’s plant (Rex): 
Rex wrote: 
Attached is a folder of some of the bees and wasps that frequent a patch of mint in my front yard. The mint is in a half wine barrel and wired to keep the goats from eating all of it. These wasps are only a few of the many different species I see, every morning the thing is abuzz with dozens of types of pollinators. Wasps, hornets, bees, flies… 
As a WASP, I appreciate this! 
Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the very successful Naked Capitalism fundraiser just past. Now, I understand you may feel tapped out, but when and if you are able, please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate 0 0 0 0 0 0 This entry was posted in Water Cooler on by Lambert Strether . About Lambert Strether 
Lambert Strether has been blogging, managing online communities, and doing system administration 24/7 since 2003, in Drupal and WordPress. Besides political economy and the political scene, he blogs about rhetoric, software engineering, permaculture, history, literature, local politics, international travel, food, and fixing stuff around the house. The nom de plume “Lambert Strether” comes from Henry James’s The Ambassadors: “Live all you can. It’s a mistake not to.” You can follow him on Twitter at @lambertstrether. http://www.correntewire.com",0
20179,Twitter Confirms Shadowbanning with ’Account Limiting’,"Twitter has introduced an account limiting penalty for users that violate the platform’s terms of service. [Users across Twitter are reporting that their accounts are being “limited” as a punishment for the violation of Twitter’s rules. One user posted a screenshot of the notice they received: “Creating a safe environment for people to freely express themselves is critical to the Twitter community, so if behavior that may violate the Twitter rules is detected, certain account features become limited. ”  The notice further explains that due to actions on the user’s account, anyone that wasn’t following their account would be unable to see their tweets for the next 12 hours. Twitter is now your digital daddy. According to @faggotfriday, it’s put him on the naughty step for 12 hours. pic. twitter.   —   Harmful Opinions (@HarmfulOpinions) February 15, 2017,  Another Twitter user also claimed that his account was limited by Twitter for language he used on the platform: &gtautomatically get limited cause I said retard, I’m just considering leaving Twitter, fuck them pic. twitter.   —   🇺🇸 Drybones ム🗽Ὀ (@Drybones5) February 14, 2017,  This new feature seems to be part of Twitter’s recent attempts to curb “abuse” on the platform. The changes include extra measures to stop suspended users from creating new accounts, “safer search results,” and the collapsing of “potentially abusive or   Tweets. ” Twitter was forced to reverse one of their most recent features that removed notifications that alerted users when they were added to Twitter lists. “Being added to a list and knowing what list you were added to was literally the last useful thing about Twitter,” one user explained. Twitter’s stock crashed following the release of the company’s fourth quarter earnings report, and analysts have made grave predictions for the future of the social media company. Of course, Breitbart Senior Editor MILO predicted this last year. Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
20180,Aid Convoy Is Hit in Syria as Cease-Fire Falters and Bombings Resume - The New York Times,"BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   A humanitarian aid convoy was attacked in Syria on Monday after the Syrian military declared that a   partial   was over and immediately began intensive bombardments in   areas of Aleppo, the divided city that has come to symbolize the ravages of the war. The convoy attack, military declaration and bombings were the strongest signs yet of the gradual unraveling of a broader agreement between Russia and the United States aimed at restarting peace talks to end the conflict in Syria, which has killed an estimated 500, 000 people and displaced millions. Minutes after the Syrian military declared the   over around sunset, aerial attacks began pummeling   neighborhoods of Aleppo, residents reported. The few remaining hospitals were back to overflowing, and rescuers struggled to find people in the dark, with the electricity out. By midnight, 34 people were reported killed. United Nations officials were dumbfounded by the attack on the convoy of 31 trucks, which was escorted by the Syrian Arab Red Crescent and was carrying food, medicine and supplies bound for   areas of western Aleppo Province. The convoy was among the first to try to deliver humanitarian aid to these areas, a relief plan permitted under the   agreement. “Our outrage at this attack is enormous,” said Staffan de Mistura, the United Nations special representative on Syria. “The convoy was the outcome of a long process of permission and preparations to assist isolated civilians. ” At least 18 of the trucks were hit, United Nations officials said. Jan Egeland, a United Nations aid adviser to the Syria peace effort, said in a Twitter post: “Many killed and injured. ” Members of the Red Crescent and local activists said at least 12 people were killed, including the local head of the organization, Omar Barakat. Witnesses and rescuers said the convoy appeared to have been hit by multiple airstrikes, first destroying trucks and then two more hitting rescue workers as they helped the wounded. The tactic, known as a “ ” strike, has been used by Syrian and Russian warplanes. The rebels have no aircraft. The attack appeared to be the first airstrike to hit an aid convoy since the conflict began in 2011. The United Nations also reported the disruption of a second convoy that had finally received travel permits but was stopped in Homs Province by government forces that removed its medical supplies. Secretary of State John Kerry challenged the Syrian military’s declaration that the   was over, suggesting that the United States would hold Russia responsible for seeing that President Bashar   of Syria, one of its principal allies, implemented it. “The Syrians didn’t make the deal the Russians made the agreement,” Mr. Kerry said during meetings in New York before the annual United Nations General Assembly session. “The important thing is the Russians need to control Assad who evidently is indiscriminately bombing, including of humanitarian convoys. ” Mr. Kerry planned to meet with his Russian counterpart, Sergey V. Lavrov, before the International Syria Support Group, the multinational body that has designed the plans for a reduction in violence and a political solution for Syria, assembles in New York on Tuesday morning. Still, a senior Obama administration official said Monday evening that it was unclear if the agreement could be salvaged. He also noted that the United States did not know if Syrian or Russian aircraft had carried out the attack In any case, a second administration official said, the attack cast doubt on the viability of the American goals. The officials spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive diplomatic discussions. The Russians, however, defended the Syrian military. A senior Defense Ministry official in Moscow said it was “senseless” for the Syrian government to respect a   that he said had been repeatedly violated by Mr. Assad’s enemies. The Russian official, Lt. Gen. Sergei F. Rudskoi, accused   Syrian rebel groups of joining forces with extremists who have been denounced as terrorists by both Moscow and Washington. In a statement published in state news media, the Syrian Army’s general command placed blame on insurgents, saying they had violated the   and that the foreign powers backing them were supporting terrorism. After the Syrian military statement, residents in   sections of Aleppo reported intense aerial attacks, shattering the relative calm that the partial   had provided for the past week. Medical workers and residents reported at least 25 barrel bombs falling in less than an hour. Two were described as larger than usual, similar to garbage Dumpsters packed with shrapnel, and another attack was described as a ballistic missile strike. It had already become clear that the   was in trouble. It was not close to achieving the ambitious goals  —   notably the renewal of moribund talks about a political transition  —   that the United States and Russia set out when they declared the truce without clear endorsements from the combatants in Syria. What was meant to be a   measure, between Russia and the United States as much as between the groups in Syria, instead became a new source of acrimony. The new developments cast doubt on a plan by Russia and the United States to jointly attack groups in Syria that both countries consider terrorist threats. The situation worsened on Saturday night when   airstrikes killed more than 60 people that Russia and Syria said were Syrian soldiers. The United States called the episode a mistake, but the Syrian government called it proof that Washington was siding with terrorists. “Terrorist groups did not adhere to any of the points of the agreement,” the Syrian Army said in a statement. It added that the military, which refers to all armed opponents as terrorists, had shown great restraint in the face of what it said were 300 truce violations by insurgents. The opposition said the government had committed 250 violations. The government’s resumption of aerial attacks included strikes on Idlib, Daraa, the Damascus suburbs and other locations, with reports of multiple casualties, including children. Russia has repeatedly accused the United States of failing to draw a clear line between the more moderate rebel groups it supports and extremist groups like the Islamic State and the Nusra Front, now known as the Levant Conquest Front, which are also fighting against the Syrian government. In recent days, Moscow has escalated the tone of its assertions, saying that Washington was supporting terrorists. In Washington, the Pentagon said it was investigating the exact makeup of the Syrian troops who were killed on Saturday. A Defense Department official said that the strikes occurred at a Syrian military encampment where certain Syrian soldiers who had fallen out of favor with the military, and who were not wearing uniforms, were being detained. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation was still underway, said no conclusions had yet been reached.",0
20181,5 Reasons to Consume this Every Day,"Keywords: Alzhemier's disease , anxiety , dementia , depression , food , health , IBD , IBS , immune system , mental health , nutrition , weight loss Fermented Foods: 5 Reasons to Consume this food Group Every Day 
I’m sure you have heard about fermented foods and are wondering if this is just a fad. Here are some reasons why fermented foods should not be just a fad but a food group to keep in your diet daily. What are Fermented Foods? 
Bacteria and yeast are used as part of the fermentation process that gives these foods a nutritional boost. The bacteria convert sugars and starches into lactic acid through a process called lacto-fermentation. The yeast undergoes a process called ethanol fermentation. 
These yeasts and bacteria that undergo the fermentation process boosts the nutritional content of the food. What it does to the food Provides beneficial bacteria that promote gut health Provides beneficial enzymes Increases the amount of B vitamins, biotin, and folate. Increases the bioavailability of minerals. Provides short chain fatty acids (which helps to improve your immune function) Provides you with GABA, your calming neurotransmitter How can eating fermented foods help me? Optimize your Gut Health 
Why this may not seem like a big deal, it is. Your immune system is in your gut and much of your serotonin is made in your gut. Your gut may be in bad shape from NSAIDS, antibiotics, unknown food allergies, the standard American diet and more. 
Ideally you want more “good” bacteria populating your gut as opposed to “bad” bacteria. Fermented foods can help shift the balance since most people who consume the Standard American “crap food” diet have a disrupted microbiome. 
So, you can take all the supplements in the world, but if your gut is in bad shape, are you even absorbing and benefiting from these supplements or are you just wasting your money? 
A healthy gut can help to balance and support your endocrine system, immune system, digestive system, and nervous system. So, as you can see, a healthy gut is critical to your well-being. Support your Immune System 
The more beneficial bacteria you have, the stronger your immune system is to fight off colds, flu, allergies and more. Almost 80% of your immune system is found in your gut, thus, it stands to reason that to maintain a strong immune system, one needs to support their gut health. 
Asthma and autoimmune conditions, among numerous other health issues, are all linked to having fewer good bacteria in your gut. The less diverse your microbiota is, the greater association with many chronic health issues. 
Adding in probiotic rich fermented foods can also shorten the duration of a cold or upper respiratory infection. Aid in weight loss 
Studies show that those with certain healthy bacteria in their gut can maintain a healthy weight while those with more negative strains have a greater incidence of gaining weight/difficulty losing weight. Obese people have different gut bacteria than lean individuals. 
In a 2011 study, it was found that kimchee had a significant impact on weight and body fat of those who are overweight and obese in the study. In a 2010 study, obese people were assigned to drink fermented milk for 12 weeks. Those that drank the fermented milk had significant fat loss as compared to the control group. Digestive/Bowel Issue Improvement 
Those with IBS or IBD may have reduced symptoms of diarrhea and constipation when fermented foods are added into the daily diet. Dr. David Williams states that to eliminate digestive issues, you need to improve the balance in the gut microbiome and one of the most effective ways of doing so is by adding in fermented foods. Kefir in studies, has shown to improve symptoms of IBS and IBD. Research has shown that anywhere from 50 to 75% of those who make this change (Adding in fermented foods) will notice a significant difference in their IBS symptoms. Improved mental health, mood control and behavior. 
The gut is considered your second brain. A healthy gut therefore can mean a healthy brain. Several probiotic strains have been shown to reduce symptoms of depression and anxiety in short term studies. For this reason, to get more variety of probiotic strains, it is best to not stick with the same fermented food to eat over and over. Mix it up; for instance, have kefir one day, kombucha the next, fermented vegetables the next day and so forth. 
Many of you know that GABA is your calming neurotransmitter. But did you know that fermented foods can supply you with GABA too? Oral administration of fermented rice bran and other traditional fermented foods have been shown to increase GABA content significantly! Whereas GABA in the oral form may have limited benefits due to absorption issues. 
Another study looking at 700 college students found that those who ate a variety of fermented foods has less negative emotions than before such as anxiety, fear, moodiness, worry, envy, frustration, and loneliness. 
It is possible that the fermented foods not only healed leaky gut but also provided some needed GABA. Even in psychiatry they are starting to recognize the benefits of fermented foods for mood disorders. Reduce the risk of brain diseases such as Alzheimer’s. 
Some scientists have recently begun to consider the possibility that Alzheimer’s Disease is in fact an autoimmune disease. And as many of you may know, having one autoimmune condition puts you at risk for more autoimmune conditions down the road. For any autoimmune disease, the immune system must be supported. So, it would make sense that gut health needs to be addressed for AD. If you want to support your brain than I suggest that you add in fermented foods. 
Along with the benefits above, fermented foods can also benefit those with Autism and help prevent H-Pylori. You don’t need a whole lot of fermented foods daily. Start with small amounts until you know how your body will react and slowly build your way up to say 3 tablespoons of fermented vegetables or a cup of kefir per day. What to add in 

Look for the product to say raw and fermented. These foods should be in the refrigerator section of the store. Sauerkraut or other fermented vegetables : eat these cold, don’t heat them up. Bubbies pickles is a great way to get introduced to fermented foods. Kimchee : this is a Korean version of fermented cabbage, carrots, onions and garlic. Kefir: usually made from cow’s milk but is also made from goat milk or coconut milk. It has more of a drinkable texture than yogurt. I buy goat milk kefir and find that it is relatively thick and mix in some of my paleo granola and have this for breakfast. If you suspect any issues with milk it is best to opt for the coconut kefir or the goat milk kefir. If you have asthma or chronic sinus congestion, avoid the kefir until issues resolve. Opt for the other fermented choices instead. Tempeh: Indonesian type of “cake” with a nutty taste and chewy texture. A good vegan source of protein too. Kombucha : a fizzy fermented tea. Most stores carry a variety of flavors now. Don’t go overboard on the kombucha however. Some people who drink kombucha in excess amounts (i.e.: several bottles per day) report symptoms of gas and bloating. Miso: a fermented soybean paste which can be used in soups and sauces. A miso broth soup is a great way to start a meal and very easy to make. 
Notice I did not sat yogurt. While some yogurts may contain some probiotics, many others are sugary processed foods in disguise. Yogurt is also not going to pack as powerful of a punch as the above-mentioned foods. 
Sources",0
20182,"Hot-Air Balloon Crash in Texas Kills 16, Officials Say - The New York Times","LOCKHART, Tex.  —   A   balloon carrying 16 people caught fire and crashed in Central Texas on Saturday, officials said, and the local authorities said no one had survived. The balloon crashed in a pasture near Lockhart, a town about 30 miles south of Austin, said Lynn Lunsford, a spokesman for the Federal Aviation Administration. Initial reports from officials said the balloon had plummeted after catching fire in the air, but at least one witness said it might have struck   power lines before hitting the ground and bursting into flames. The accident occurred shortly after 7:40 a. m. Mr. Lunsford said. In a brief telephone interview, Mr. Lunsford said that officials were on their way to the site and that the National Transportation Safety Board had been notified. The agency will be in charge of the investigation. Mr. Lunsford said he did not know what had led to the crash or whether there had been a distress call. The Caldwell County sheriff, Daniel Law, said in a statement, “It does not appear at this time that there were any survivors. ” By late afternoon, investigators had yet to publicly identify any of the victims or their relations to one another. But local news reports, quoting unnamed sources, identified the pilot of the balloon as Alfred Nichols, known as Skip. He was listed as an owner and the chief pilot of Heart of Texas Hot Air Balloon Rides. Mr. Nichols’s Facebook page reflected two passions:   balloons and dogs. In the past two weeks, he had posted a YouTube video about a Russian balloonist who set a speed record for traveling around the world in a balloon (11 days) and an alert about   dog adoption days at the Austin Animal Center. On July 21, he posted aerial photos of a brilliant sunrise. “Another great flight in Houston,” he wrote. He had two dogs, named Elmo and Joplin, and on Thursday evening, less than two days before the crash, he posted a photo of one of them resting on him. “Goodnight to you too Elmo must you use me as your pillow?” he wrote. By Saturday afternoon, the comment sections for that photo and the Facebook page of the balloon company were filled with condolences and remembrances. “Skip, I shall for years to come be reminiscing about all of the awesome times we enjoyed at your Springdale Ln. Des Peres Missouri house and my Kirkwood Missouri house and tearing it up at all of the clubs my friend,” Mark Grundmann wrote. “You will be missed. ” Amid the outpouring were urgent requests for people who lived near Mr. Nichols to check on Elmo and Joplin. At 3:52 p. m. a woman, Wendy Bartch, posted on the company’s page that the dogs were “being cared for. ” Ms. Bartch, Mr. Grundmann and others who posted on Facebook and Twitter did not respond to private messages. Voice mail messages left late Saturday afternoon at two phone numbers listed for the balloon company were not returned. Margaret Wylie, 66, who lives a   from the crash site, said she had seen the balloon explode into a fireball after it struck the ground on a neighbor’s property. She said she had been on her back porch when her dog “really started raising the roof. ” “When I looked over toward my neighbor’s property,” Ms. Wylie said, “that’s about the time I saw flames shooting out sideways, and then just a fireball. At 66, that’s not something I want to see again. ” The crash occurred in a rural area less than an hour from Austin, in a large field scorched from the summer heat. Several big power lines atop towers ran east and west at the field’s southern end. A few farmhouses were visible in the distance. Throngs of journalists arrived by late morning, but investigators had sealed off the perimeter and kept them from the spot where the balloon had fallen. Ms. Wylie said that based on what she had heard, she believed “the balloon hit the wires, and it caused the deflation of the balloon, and then it hit the ground. ” She initially heard a pop, she said, and then another that sounded like gunfire. “I figured that was the balloon hitting the power line,” she said. “By the time I looked that direction, it was on the ground, and I heard a whooshing sound and an explosion. ” Ms. Wylie said the balloon was so engulfed in flames that she did not see any passengers. She immediately called 911, she said. The red, white, blue and yellow balloon apparently separated from the basket and was stretched along the ground about a mile from the crash site. The power lines near the site belong to the Lower Colorado River Authority Transmission Services Corporation, The Austin   reported. A spokeswoman for the utility told the newspaper that two circuits were down after the crash, although no customers were without power. But neither she nor investigators could confirm whether the power lines had been involved in the crash. Erik Grosof, an official with the National Transportation Safety Board, said the crash had been classified as a major accident because of the “significant loss of life. ” A full investigative team from the safety board was to arrive later Saturday, he said, and the F. B. I. had been asked to help look at the evidence, a normal request after major accidents. Asked to confirm reports that 16 people had been killed, Mr. Grosof said, “Right now, we have a number of fatalities. ” Sixteen deaths would make the accident one of the worst   balloon crashes in history, surpassed only by a crash in Luxor, Egypt, that killed 19 people in February 2013. In that crash, the balloon was sailing over archaeological sites at dawn when a fire caused an explosion in a gas canister and the balloon plummeted more than 1, 000 feet to the ground. Two people survived  —   the pilot and a passenger, who jumped from the basket from about 30 feet. Nineteen tourists died, including the wife of the surviving passenger. Before Saturday, the worst balloon accident in the United States occurred in August 1993 in Woody Creek, Colo. near Aspen, when a wind gust blew a balloon into a power line complex. The basket was severed and fell more than 100 feet, killing all six people aboard. Replying to a question at a news conference, Mr. Grosof said it was his “understanding” that the balloon tour was run by Heart of Texas Hot Air Balloon Rides, based in New Braunfels. A person reached at its reservation service said the company offered flights in the Austin area coinciding with the sunrise. It also operates near San Antonio and in other areas. She declined to speak about the accident. The sheriff’s statement said that a call had come in to the local law enforcement authorities after 7:40 a. m. reporting a possible vehicle accident. When emergency responders arrived, “it was apparent that the reported fire was the basket portion of a   balloon,” the statement said. Chris O’Neil, a National Transportation Safety Board spokesman, said investigators were expected to remain on the scene for a few days. Seven to 10 days after the field work is completed, he said, they will release a preliminary report. Gov. Greg Abbott issued a statement extending his condolences, calling the accident a “heartbreaking tragedy. ” “Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families, as well as the Lockhart community,” he said. “The investigation into the cause of this tragic accident will continue, and I ask all of Texas to join us in praying for those lost. ”",0
20183,World Heaves Sigh of Relief after Trump’s Victory,"  Finian Cunningham has written extensively on international affairs, with articles published in several languages. Many of his recent articles appear on the renowned Canadian-based news website Globalresearch . He is a Master’s graduate in Agricultural Chemistry and worked as a scientific editor for the Royal Society of Chemistry, Cambridge, England, before pursuing a career in journalism. He specializes in Middle East and East Africa issues and has also given several American radio interviews as well as TV interviews on Press TV and Russia Today. His interests include capitalism, imperialism and war, socialism, justice and peace, agriculture and trade policy, ecological impact, science and technology, and human rights. He is also a musician and songwriter. Previously, he was based in Bahrain and witnessed the political upheavals in the Persian Gulf kingdom during 2011 as well as the subsequent Saudi-led brutal crackdown against pro-democracy protests. The author and media commentator was expelled from Bahrain in June 2011 for his critical journalism in which he highlighted many human rights violations by the Western-backed regime. For many years, he worked as an editor and writer in the mainstream media, including ,The Mirror, Irish Times and Independent. Originally from Belfast, Ireland, he is now based in East Africa where he is writing a book on Bahrain and the Arab Spring. World Heaves Sigh of Relief after Trump’s Victory By Finian Cunningham on November 9, 2016 A reflection of how disconnected the Western political class are from their own people. 
by Finian Cunningham 
SPUTNIK 
The election of Donald Trump as the 45th president of the US certainly sent shockwaves around the world. But perhaps the uppermost sense is one of huge relief that Hillary Clinton was kept out of the White House. 
For most ordinary citizens around the world, Clinton, her multi-billion-dollar election campaign and the fawning corporate media coverage represented everything that is perceived as fundamentally wrong in Western politics. 
Her cronyism goes so far that she would not hesitate to start a world war with Russia, or whoever, in order to appease her corporate sponsors and indulge her deluded notion of “exceptional liberalism”. 
Trump’s stunning victory is a victory for common people and common sense. Despite the Western media’s systematic shielding of Clinton from criticism, a good number of ordinary Americans and other nationals around the world could clearly see her irredeemable flaws. 
She is a self-enriching puppet for Big Finance and the military-industrial complex. And, as her email scandal shows, a consummate liar on top. Donald Trump is a billionaire property tycoon with a big mouth and uncouth manner. He has never held an elected office before. It is unprecedented that he should become the president of the US. 
Donald Trump is a billionaire property tycoon with a big mouth and uncouth manner. He has never held an elected office before. It is unprecedented that he should become the president of the US. 
Will he really “make America great again”? Will he really deliver on massive infrastructure investments to regenerate impoverished working-class communities across America? We don’t know if he just an opportunist conman, or if he really does have a humble heart to reach out to all the “forgotten people” that he speaks about. One can hope. 
But one thing is for sure. Trump is no warmonger. And he doesn’t seem to be a puppet that can be pushed around. 
“We will deal fairly with everyone” 
In one of the live TV debates with Clinton during the campaign, Trump surprised many viewers when he said, apparently sincerely, that he would never commit a first-strike nuclear attack against any nation. It took a lot of guts and moral integrity to say that. Clinton didn’t answer the question, but her past record as Secretary of State shows that she has no hesitation about launching illegal wars and murdering foreign heads of state. 
Trump has also spoken several times about restoring friendly relations with America’s biggest nuclear rival Russia. He took a lot of heat for that from the Clinton campaign and the biased US media, who accused him of being a “stooge” for Russian President Vladimir Putin. To his credit, Trump did not cave in to the anachronistic “Russian baiting”, which has been a staple of American politics for decades. During his acceptance speech as President-elect, Trump repeated his oft-mentioned desire for the US to base its foreign relations on “partnership” instead of “hostility and conflict”. 
Notably, Russia’s Vladimir Putin was one of the first world leaders to congratulate Trump on winning the White House. Reciprocating goodwill, Putin said he hoped to work with Trump so that Russia and the US can “restore relations from their current critical condition”. 
Surely, this is the point. To replace outmoded ideological stereotypes and animosity with a pragmatic mutual respect to cooperate. Russia and its leader are not the enemy of the US, Europe nor the rest of the world – unless you are a terrorist network seeking illicit regime change. Architects of Endless “Regime Change” wars 
Russia and its leader are not the enemy of the US, Europe nor the rest of the world – unless you are a terrorist network seeking illicit regime change. 
The people who have demonized Russia are ideologues in Washington and their surrogates among European governments and the Western corporate media. That negative image of Russia does not match reality as ordinary people perceive it, including many ordinary Americans. Russia did not destabilize Ukraine. It did not annex Crimea. Russia was not involved in shooting down a civilian airliner. It is not massacring civilians in Syria. In Syria, it is helping a sovereign state defeat terrorist mercenaries in a US-sponsored covert war for regime change. Russia is not a sports-drug pariah. It is not hacking computer systems nor subverting foreign democracies. These are all just false ideological constructs manufactured by the Western establishment and its subservient media. 
Ordinary citizens around the world, especially those in the US, know that. Their real-world concerns are dealing with poverty, unemployment and crumbling societies. This stuff about “Putin being the new Hitler” and “threatening the free world” is just so much baloney. 
Maybe because Trump is not a career politician or a Washington insider he knows all that too. And he knows that ordinary Americans are not being listened to by the establishment. That’s why Trump’s victory comes as such a shock. 
The political class have been so wrong on almost every issue, whether it was the Brexit and discontent with the European Union, or foreign relations with Russia, or Trump’s chances of winning the presidency. 
The Western political class have gotten it so wrong on so many issues because it is divorced from the reality as it affects most people. Aloof, elitist, out of touch and undemocratic. 
Yet this Western ruling class, as embodied by Hillary Clinton, would be prepared to start even more wars around the world than they already have, based on their own twisted self-serving logic. 
Consider these figures just released by the Pentagon. Under President Obama – who advocated for Clinton – US military exports to Saudi Arabia and other Mideast despots are double the amount under George W Bush. This weapons supply has gone towards arming jihadi terror groups. Clinton approved of this arms bazaar for terrorists when she was in office as part of Washington’s regime-change schemes. Fooling the masses – Defeated 
Yet these people like Obama and Clinton spout all sorts of “humanitarian” and “moralistic” mumbo-jumbo. They are liars. And they are the most cynical of corrupt politicians. The very breed of politician-puppets that ordinary decent people around the world have come to despise. 
Trump, for all his personal flaws, is in a different category. He is astute enough to know that the pain of ordinary citizens stems from a badly broken economic system. Can an arch capitalist like Trump fix chronic capitalism? It’s doubtful, unless he radically shifts to a new form of socialist policy. 
But the main good thing about Trump is that he is a pragmatist who at least appears to be on the side of ordinary people and on the side of restoring peaceful relations with other nations, Russia in particular. 
The prominent people dejected about Trump are the political class both in the US and Europe and their media echo chambers. It is notable that Germany’s Merkel and France’s Hollande both affected an air of disapproval over Trump’s victory – unlike Putin who magnanimously congratulated. Hollande said he would be “vigilant” in his future dealings with Trump. What is he talking about? 
That’s why Merkel and Hollande will be next to get kicked out of office in forthcoming elections. Like Obama, Clinton and the American establishment, the pro-US European ruling parties are so out of touch with reality. 
The demonization of Russia is a reflection of how disconnected the Western political class are from their own people. Ordinary people around the world want jobs, prosperity and peace. They know they can’t afford futile hostilities with Russia as have been foisted on them by their rulers, while such urgent social needs go neglected. Crazy as it may seem, Trump’s win may be a chance for the US to redeem. And for the world to heave a huge sigh of relief. 
See:",0
20184,Kaine says Clinton would seek updated war-making powers,"Yahoo News Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine said in an interview published Monday that, if elected, Hillary Clinton would quickly ask Congress for fresh legal authority to make war on the so-called Islamic State and other terrorist groups around the world. “Hillary has said that that’s something she wants to do very early in her administration,” the Virginia senator said. He made his remarks in an interview with “ The Axe Files ,” hosted by David Axelrod, a former top adviser to President Obama. Kaine said the former secretary of state will press lawmakers to rewrite the Sept. 14, 2001, Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) that set the stage for the invasion of Afghanistan and has underpinned the entire war on terrorism. Obama has invoked the measure to argue that his undeclared but escalating war on ISIS is legal, a position Kaine had previously dismissed as an “ Alice in Wonderland ” strategy. Clinton believes that “it’s time for us to take that now-outdated authorization, and really think about what we are confronting, and work together to reach some legislative-executive accord about what it is we’re doing,” Kaine told Axelrod. “It’s time for Congress to get back in the game and refine and revise that authorization.” Seventy percent of the current Congress wasn’t in office when lawmakers approved the 2001 AUMF, and America’s terrorist enemies have “morphed and changed,” the senator argued. Obama called in a May 2013 speech for revising and repealing the 2001 AUMF, saying it was time to get America off “a perpetual wartime footing.” His top aides have since admitted that the job will fall to the next president . No lawmaker has worked harder than Kaine to get Congress to debate and vote on an AUMF that specifically covers the Islamic State. “We have allowed President Obama to wage an executive war of his own choosing without any congressional permission for nearly two years,” Kaine told Virginia Military Institute cadets at their graduation in mid-May. “It’s not hard to imagine that a future president will use this example to also justify initiating war without the permission of Congress.” Clinton had sent mixed messages about whether she would seek a new AUMF, but lined up earlier this year squarely behind her running mate’s view. A spokesman for her campaign, Jesse Lehrich, told Yahoo News in July that the former secretary of state “agrees with Senator Kaine that if we are serious about confronting ISIS, Congress ought to express its resolve to stand behind our military and win this fight by passing a new AUMF.” After stalling at the request of vulnerable Democratic lawmakers facing the 2014 midterm elections, Obama finally submitted an ISIS-specific AUMF to Congress in February 2015, but it’s essentially dead . The legislation reflected his national security aides’ desire that it not tie his hands. The document authorized airstrikes in Iraq and Syria in the following three years. It forbade the use of American ground troops in “ enduring offensive ground combat operations ” — a term the White House described as deliberately vague. It also allowed strikes against “individuals and organizations fighting for, on behalf of, or alongside ISIL” anywhere in the world. Democrats have balked at supporting such a sweeping measure. Republicans have pointed to the three-year limit and the ground-combat language to argue that the AUMF improperly binds the hands of Obama’s successor. The truth of the matter is that both sides see political peril in the president’s proposal. Democrats recall how voting in favor of the Iraq War helped to doom Clinton’s 2008 presidential ambitions. And Republicans, who could vote to remove the language they describe as objectionable, prefer to criticize Obama’s handling of the conflict without taking any steps that might make them co-owners of the strategy.",0
20185,Is Traditional Polling Underselling Donald Trump’s True Strength? - The New York Times,"Hillary Clinton’s lead in general election polls has faded over the last few weeks. One reason might be that a growing number of Republicans are coalescing around Donald Trump’s candidacy. Another part of the explanation? Fewer   telephone polls. So far this year,   telephone surveys have tended to show Mrs. Clinton leading by a slightly larger margin than those conducted online. There hasn’t been a   telephone survey since Mr. Trump beat back all his rivals early this month. So Mrs. Clinton’s seeming lead has seemed to shrink particularly fast. Why does Mr. Trump do better in online polls? And are the online polls right? The prevailing theory of Mr. Trump’s edge in online surveys is “social desirability bias”  —   the idea that poll respondents might be less likely to divulge a socially undesirable opinion, like support for a controversial candidate like Mr. Trump, to a live interviewer than in an online questionnaire. This is not an entirely new phenomenon for Mr. Trump. He fared better in online surveys during the Republican primaries than he did in telephone surveys, a tendency first identified by Jonathan Robinson at Catalist, a data firm associated with the Democratic Party. The pattern lasted all the way through the end of the primary season. The online pollster Morning Consult conducted a study indicating that social desirability bias drove his edge. Thomas Edsall, writing in the The New York Times, raised the possibility that the same phenomenon explains Mr. Trump’s strength in the online polls right now, suggesting that Mr. Trump could outperform traditional surveys showing a wide lead for Mrs. Clinton. Social desirability bias might well be helping Mr. Trump in online polls. But it’s a lot less clear now than it was during the primary season. And even if that is what’s going on, there’s no reason to assume the online polls are right. With the primary season effectively over, I think we can say, with some qualifications, that the   surveys were probably more accurate than the online surveys. Why? The actual results just weren’t as good for Mr. Trump as the balance of online surveys predicted they would be. Mr. Trump has now won 41 percent of the popular vote  —   including the string of recent contests where he clearly broke through and outperformed his prior vote tallies. On Super Tuesday, he won just 34 percent of the vote  —   and he won about 39 percent between then and the New York primary. But the online surveys showed Mr. Trump at 38 percent as early as the new year, broke 40 percent around Super Tuesday, and were in the   by March 15. His actual vote tallies consistently trailed the online surveys. They look a lot more like what the   surveys showed at the time. The Upshot published a series of demographic models throughout the primary season that estimated how Mr. Trump might have fared if the country had voted on that date. At the time, our estimates showed Mr. Trump did not approach 40 percent of the vote until March 15. With the benefit of hindsight, we can do even better: Take all of the results so far, and estimate how Mr. Trump would do in a national primary held at any given stage of the race. These estimates, based on the actual results, consistently match more closely with the live interview surveys than the online ones. This doesn’t necessarily mean that the social desirability bias theory is wrong. It’s possible that other differences between online and   polls  —   likely voter models or sampling procedures  —   accounted for Mr. Trump’s additional strength. All told, it’s not enough evidence to make me think that the online polls are more accurate about Mr. Trump than the   surveys. Mr. Trump’s advantage in online polls is a lot less clear in the general election than it was in the primary. It does seem to exist. Mrs. Clinton generally leads Mr. Trump by less in online surveys. On balance, though, Mr. Trump has about 2. 5 more points in   polls. He’s actually earning a smaller share of the vote in online surveys than in the   polls  —   the exact opposite of what one might expect if he were being hurt by social desirability bias in   polls. So what’s going on? The main difference between the online and   polls is there are vastly more undecided voters in the online surveys. In the   surveys, there are correspondingly more supporters of Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump, with Mrs. Clinton apparently gaining slightly more ground. Why are there so many undecided voters? It’s a methodological quirk, relating to the way that online pollsters have to ask questions. Consider, for instance, how the typical NBC   Street Journal poll, a   survey, asked the horse race question in March: “And, if the election for president were held today, and Donald Trump were the Republican candidate and Hillary Clinton were the Democratic candidate, for whom would you vote?” Notice that “undecided” or “other” or “don’t know” isn’t a stated option? Live interview pollsters can do that, since the respondent is free to say “other” or “I don’t know,” and the interviewer can record it as such. In the   poll, 9 percent volunteered “other” or “neither,” and 2 percent weren’t sure. But this is a lot more challenging for an online pollster. If you put “don’t know” or “other” as an option, a lot of people are going to take it. But if you don’t include it, you have a problem: What will the truly undecided voters do? They could provide an unreliable answer or leave the survey. If you provide them the option to “skip,” they might skip through the whole questionnaire. In the end, many of the online pollsters give voters the option to choose undecided. Voters are taking it in huge numbers. You can see the effect in another type of NBC News survey: those conducted online by SurveyMonkey. At the beginning of May, the first NBC   general election poll included an explicit “don’t know” option. Mrs. Clinton led, 43 to 37, with 19 percent selecting “don’t know. ” But in their second survey, conducted after Mr. Trump emerged triumphant, “undecided” was no longer an option. Respondents could go out of their way to skip the question and leave it blank, but they couldn’t simply say “undecided. ” The result? Mrs. Clinton led, 49 to 44 percent, with just 7 percent electing to skip the question. This doesn’t mean there isn’t a social desirability bias against Mr. Trump. One could imagine, for instance, that Mr. Trump would receive notably more support in the online surveys if they had as few undecided voters as the   surveys. But it does make it harder to compare the results of the online and   surveys, since there’s no way to be sure whether Mr. Trump would still be doing better if there were fewer undecided voters. You could imagine, for instance, that a bunch of Bernie Sanders’s supporters will take the “don’t know” option, simply to spare themselves from having to support Mrs. Clinton. In the most recent YouGov online survey, 30 percent of Mr. Sanders’s supporters were selecting either “someone else,” “not sure” or “wouldn’t vote. ” But in the recent New York   News   survey, just 9 percent wound up in those categories. Mrs. Clinton was the beneficiary: She held 82 percent of Mr. Sanders’s supporters, but just 55 percent in the YouGov poll. (Mr. Trump did fare better among Mr. Sanders’s supporters in the YouGov poll, earning 15 percent of the vote, than in The New York   News poll, where he won 10 percent.) My guess is that Mr. Trump would still fare slightly better in the online surveys than in the   polls, even if the number of undecided voters was equal. Mrs. Clinton tends to lead by a hair more among decided voters, even after removing the “undecided” voters. But it’s not clear that it’s a social desirability effect, or that it’s more accurate.",0
20186,‘Suplex’ in Chinese? Professional Wrestling Tries a Big New Market - The New York Times,"SHANGHAI  —   Wang Bin looked down. A man wearing a blue skintight unitard writhed at his feet. Mr. Wang grinned. This was the moment he had been waiting for. So, too, had Cheng Shi. When Mr. Wang lifted the writhing man and slammed him to the floor for a   it completed Mr. Cheng’s dream of watching a professional wrestler  —   battling in that most American of fake spectacles  —   who hailed from China. “I feel very proud and excited to see him onstage tonight, and so do all the fans,” Mr. Cheng, a    student who makes fan videos for a Chinese audience, said before the match. He pointed at the screen of his smartphone to indicate the thousands of people watching him on his live broadcast. “We are very, very excited. ” Looking for eyeballs and new money sources, World Wrestling Entertainment  —   the company that brought Hulk Hogan and Dwayne (The Rock) Johnson into American living rooms  —   has grand ambitions for a bigger but much more difficult market. It has started a new service     matches and commentary. It is also combing China’s provinces for more beefy talent like Mr. Wang. China presents formidable challenges. Entertainment names like Netflix and Rupert Murdoch have taken aim at China’s population of 1. 4 billion only to run afoul of the country’s tight controls over media. Wrestling’s cartoon violence and sometimes salacious story lines could attract unwanted attention from the government. And while it has its fans,       is largely   among mainland Chinese. “There is no presence of product over here,” said John Cena, the   wrestler and action movie star who has learned to speak some Chinese as part of the push. By tackling the language, he added, “I’m kind of a vehicle to leverage what we’ve done. ” Wrestling’s answer is to go local  —   and digital. Bypassing   broadcast television, it has teamed with a   company to reach fans though computers and mobile devices. It has also geared up efforts to introduce a new audience to the suplex, the body slam and the  . W. W. E. has hired four   social media directors in Shanghai to maintain   social media accounts for its wrestlers and executives. It is also hosting viewing parties, like one this month in the Chinese city of Guangzhou, in which locals devoured pizza and cream sodas while watching a    wrestling match and playing the W. W. E. ’s latest Xbox video game. Success requires exposing Chinese audiences to a new type of entertainment  —   a choreographed drama in which the outcome is known, though its dangers and injuries are sometimes shockingly real. “They’ve never really seen anything like us,” said Paul Levesque, W. W. E. ’s executive in charge of talent and live events, who is also a partly retired wrestler better known as Triple H. “The athleticism is very real. The story lines and the theater part of it is where they had a hard time with the blurred line of that. ” To friends unfamiliar with wrestling, “I find that the shortest way to tell them is to say it’s an American version  —   a global version  —   of the kung fu novel,” said Jay Li, a longtime executive at multinational companies in China who in April joined W. W. E. as its general manager for greater China. “They get it immediately, because they immediately have a cultural connection and a mental image of what this is about. ” While a lot of attention has been placed in recent years on the expansion into Hollywood of Chinese companies like Dalian Wanda, most foreign entertainment firms struggle to make comparable inroads in China. For some, like Disney, penetrating China has meant giving the Communist Party greater say over its business on the mainland. Sports  —   or something that looks like a sport  —   might be different. Sports enjoys thematic support from the government, which is big on hosting international events like the Olympics and promoting sports like soccer. China’s push to get soccer into schools and make the country a power in the sport has led companies to pay big sums for broadcast rights. “Sports has historically been underdeveloped in China and online, and a lot of players are looking for ways to monetize that,” said Vivek Couto, a founder and a director at Media Partners Asia, an industry research consultant. Professional wrestling could use the eyeballs. Like other media companies, W. W. E. is grappling with the new world of   in which viewers drop their cable subscriptions and order shows, à la carte, via the internet. International viewers offer one potential growth area. They make up only about a quarter of the paid subscribers on W. W. E. ’s digital subscription service, which is one of the biggest contributors to the company’s bottom line. As China shows, international growth isn’t always easy. In October, W. W. E. told investors it was still waiting to offer subscriptions directly to Chinese viewers. For now it works with a Chinese video company service called PPTV, which streams the company’s weekly flagship shows, called “SmackDown” and “RAW,” with   Mandarin commentary. (Suplex, in case you were wondering, translates as deshi beishuai, or “  back throw. ”) PPTV subscriptions start at less than $3 per month, roughly a third of what W. W. E. ’s own subscription service costs outside China, and include movies and other shows. Much rides on Mr. Wang, W. W. E. ’s first mainland wrestler. The company’s social media team works to make him a star  —   his verified account on the Weibo social media service recently featured videos of him training at W. W. E. ’s huge facility in Orlando, Fla. Seven other mainlanders, six men and one woman, will relocate to Orlando in January. Mr. Wang, a    native of eastern Anhui Province, was an athlete after middle school, a member of the provincial rowing team. He later moved to Shanghai and took up sparring, and caught the attention of representatives from Inoki Genome Federation, a big Japanese wrestling and mixed martial arts promotion. Mr. Wang spent three years in Japan before he was noticed by W. W. E. He signed a   development deal with the American company and started training in Orlando over the summer in preparation for his China debut. When the moment finally arrived in Shanghai in September, Mr. Wang entered the arena to modern Chinese music. He gave the crowd a traditional Chinese, kung   greeting, pressing his right fist into his left palm. His opponent, a wrestler named Bo Dallas, was booed by the Shanghai crowd before Mr. Wang tossed him to the mat, pinning him in a   on the second try. Mr. Wang doesn’t yet have a defined act or character, or even a flashy name. One of the oldest such personas in W. W. E.  wrestling is the foreign heel, or bad guy those include personas like Mr. Fuji, a Japanese villain played by the late Harry Fujiwara. In an interview, Mr. Wang said he wasn’t a big believer in appealing to such nationalistic tropes. “People shouldn’t see you for your nationality or ethnic group,” he said. “It’s less about that and more about what you can do, personally, as a warrior and a figure in the ring. ”",0
