id,title,text,label
12965,Στερλίνα και Brexit φοβίζουν τους Βρετανούς τουρίστες | Katehon think tank. Geopolitics & Tradition,"Главная » News » Στερλίνα και Brexit φοβίζουν τους Βρετανούς τουρίστες Στερλίνα και Brexit φοβίζουν τους Βρετανούς τουρίστες Τρίτη, 8 Νοέμβριος, 2016 - 11:15 
Μοιρασμένα είναι τα μηνύματα που έρχονται από τη βρετανική τουριστική αγορά όσον αφορά τις πρώτες πωλήσεις πακέτων τη σεζόν που έρχεται, καθώς ναι μεν οι ελληνικοί προορισμοί εξακολουθούν να συγκεντρώνουν τις προτιμήσεις των Άγγλων τουριστών, όμως οι φόβοι για μείωση της καταναλωτικής τους δύναμης λόγω του Brexit επιτείνουν το αίσθημα της διστακτικότητας στην ολοκλήρωση της κράτησης. Το κλίμα στην έκθεση τουρισμού World Travel Market 2016 που ξεκίνησε χθες στο Λονδίνο- και στην ουσία αποτελεί το πρώτο κρας- τεστ για τις κρατήσεις της επόμενης χρονιάς- χαρακτηρίζεται από παράγοντες του κλάδου ""συγκρατημένο”. Τα αρχικά στοιχεία δείχνουν πως υπάρχει μια μικρή αύξηση στην ζήτηση από τη βρετανική αγορά. Επιχειρηματίες του κλάδου σημειώνουν πως αν και ακόμη είναι πρώιμη η εξαγωγή περισσότερων συμπερασμάτων για το πως θα κινηθούν οι πωλήσεις πακέτων τους επόμενους μήνες και πιο συγκεκριμένα μέχρι το Φεβρουάριο, όταν πραγματοποιείται ο μεγαλύτερος όγκος των προκρατήσεων, φαίνεται πως η ισοτιμία της στερλίνας με το ευρώ θα παίξει καθοριστικό ρόλο στις τελική επιλογή των διακοπών για τους Άγγλους τουρίστες. Επιπλέον, η ασφάλεια του προορισμού δείχνει να διαδραματίζει εξίσου σημαντικό ρόλο. Σε έρευνα που δημοσιεύτηκε στο περιθώριο της τουριστικής έκθεσης προκύπτει ότι από τους Βρετανούς ταξιδιώτες που ταξίδεψαν φέτος στο εξωτερικό, το 38% δήλωσε ότι η τρομοκρατία ήταν λόγος ανησυχίας, με το 9% να παραδέχεται ότι ανησύχησε εξαιρετικά. Στην ίδια έρευνα φάνηκε ακόμη πως το 28% των τουριστών δήλωσε ότι η μεταναστευτική κρίση επηρέασε την επιλογή προορισμού διακοπών, το 23% ανησύχησε για την πολιτική αστάθεια της χώρας επιλογής. Στα θετικά νέα, όπως επιβεβαιώνουν φορείς του Τουρισμού, είναι πως συνεχίζει να είναι μουδιασμένο το ενδιαφέρον για Τουρκία, Αίγυπτο και Τυνησία... τρεις χώρες με μεγάλη μείωση σε αφίξεις και τουριστικά έσοδα (ειδικά στην Τουρκία φέτος η κάμψη αγγίζει το 40% λόγω ακυρώσεων υπό το φόβο τρομοκρατικών επιθέσεων), γεγονός που ευνοεί την Ελλάδα. Παρόλα αυτά και πάλι ο χρόνος θα δείξει πως θα εξελιχθεί η ζήτηση, αφού οι χώρες αυτές έχουν προετοιμαστεί για ισχυρή επιστροφή τη σεζόν του 2017, με ανταγωνιστικές τιμές και στοχευμένη προβολή των ξενοδοχειακών τους υποδομών. Το ζητούμενο, επαναλαμβάνουν επιχειρηματίες του χώρου, είναι να υπάρξουν συμφωνίες με μεγάλους tour operators χωρίς να επηρεαστούν οι τιμές των πακέτων, όπως έγινε τη φετινή περίοδο σε μια προσπάθεια να τονωθεί ο αριθμός των αφίξεων. Αυτό όμως είχε ως αποτέλεσμα να μειωθούν τα έσοδα (παρά το ότι οι επιπλέον επισκέπτες ξεπέρασαν το ένα εκατ., οι εισπράξεις έμειναν στο επίπεδο του 2015, δηλαδή κοντά στα 14 δισ. ευρώ από 15 δισ. που ήταν ο αρχικός στόχος). 
Οι επαφές με τους tour operators στο πλαίσιο της έκθεσης που ολοκληρώνεται την Τετάρτη θα είναι πάντως σημαντικές, δεδομένου πως η Μεγάλη Βρετανία είναι η δεύτερη πιο σημαντική τουριστική αγορά (μετά τη Γερμανία) για τον ελληνικό Τουρισμό: το 2015 ήταν η χώρα με το μεγαλύτερο μερίδιο αγοράς, ενώ φέτος στο οκτάμηνο η αύξηση των αφίξεων φτάνει το 7,7% σε σχέση με πέρσι, με ήδη 1,93 εκατ. Άγγλους τουρίστες. ",0
12966,Trump Administration Cancels Back-Channel Talks With North Korea - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   After approving plans on Friday for informal talks in New York between a North Korean delegation and former American officials, the Trump administration reversed course hours later, withdrawing approval for the North Koreans’ visas, two people who were to take part in the planned talks said. The schedule called for the two sides to meet in early March, and arrangements were underway for the   North Korean group, led by Choe   who runs the American affairs bureau of the North’s Foreign Ministry, to travel to New York. The organizer of the talks, the National Committee on American Foreign Policy, led by Donald S. Zagoria, was told by the State Department on Friday morning that the visas would be granted. But the decision was reversed in the afternoon when “someone overruled State,” said one person who planned to participate in the talks. Both of the people on the participants’ list spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the delicacy of the matter. The reversal came as the Malaysian government announced that VX nerve agent, a chemical on a United Nations list of weapons of mass destruction, was used to kill the estranged half brother of the leader of North Korea at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport on Feb. 13. South Korea has accused North Korea’s leader, Kim   of ordering the killing of his half brother, Kim  . Just days before Mr. Kim’s death, North Korea launched a new type of   missile, apparently timed to coincide with the visit of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan to the United States. News of the missile test arrived as President Trump and Mr. Abe were eating dinner at    the president’s   club in Palm Beach, Fla. At first, the North Korea developments did not appear to deter the State Department’s plan to move ahead with the talks. The use of the VX nerve agent was already known when Mr. Zagoria got the green light about the visas on Friday morning. The missile test was on Feb. 11. The State Department also knew about tough comments Mr. Trump made about the North Korean leader during an interview with Reuters on Thursday. “It’s very late,” Mr. Trump said when asked whether he would meet with Mr. Kim. “We’re very angry at what he’s done, and frankly this should have been taken care of during the Obama administration. ” The decision to reverse the initial approval for the visas came hours later on Friday afternoon, one of the people who planned to take part in the talks said. But it was clear, that person said, that a senior official in the State Department, the White House or elsewhere in the government had second thoughts about issuing visas to representatives of North Korea in light of recent events. “I suspect it was a combination of the VX attack and the president’s personal pique that caused the reversal,” the person said. “Someone obviously looked at the fact that the United States was going to issue visas to representatives of a country that had just violated international law, carried out a murder and intentionally violated the sovereignty of another country, and decided, ‘Maybe this isn’t such a good idea. ’” While the talks were unofficial, they were seen as a test of the willingness of the Trump administration to begin serious negotiations at a later date, or to send a special American envoy to North Korea. Several prominent nuclear weapons experts have urged Mr. Trump to send an envoy, arguing that President Barack Obama’s refusal to engage with the North allowed it to make significant advances in its nuclear weapons program. “Every six to seven weeks North Korea may be able to add another nuclear weapon to its arsenal,” Siegfried S. Hecker, emeritus director of the Los Alamos National Laboratory and a senior fellow at the Center for International Security and Cooperation at Stanford University, said in a recent   article. The leader of the North Korean delegation, Ms. Choe, planned to travel to New York in her “nongovernmental” role as president of North Korea’s Institute for American Studies. The American participants were mostly former officials who had dealt with North Korea over many years. Some of them have participated in similar gatherings with North Koreans organized outside the United States. But more weight was given to the New York gathering because it was taking place at the start of the new administration. During his election campaign, Mr. Trump said he was open to meeting with the North Korean leader over a hamburger. The Americans in the group represented a wide range of views on North Korea. Winston Lord, a former ambassador to China who was on the list of participants, recently wrote in a dissent to a report for the Asia Society that the United States should immediately step up sanctions on North Korea. Others in the American delegation were Robert L. Gallucci, a negotiator on North Korea during the Clinton presidency Victor Cha, a senior adviser on North Korea to George W. Bush and Evans J. R. Revere, a former principal deputy assistant secretary of state specializing in North Korea. Mr. Gallucci and Mr. Cha wrote a report for the George W. Bush Institute last year that emphasized the human rights abuses in North Korea. As well as holding discussions about the North’s rapidly expanding nuclear program, the American delegation was planning to talk with the North Koreans about two Americans now detained in North Korea.",0
12967,Danish Parliament: Danes Should Not Become Minorities in Denmark,"The Folketing, Denmark’s unicameral parliament, has passed a resolution stating that Danes should not become minorities in Danish communities, as figures show the migrant and   population are now a majority in Brøndby Strand and Odense. [“Parliament notes with concern that today there are areas in Denmark where the number of immigrants from   countries and their descendants is over 50 percent,” the resolution states.  “It is parliament’s opinion that Danes should not be a minority in residential areas in Denmark. ” Denmark, like many other European countries, saw a surge in sexual assaults and harassment by migrants after they began to arrive in large numbers. Rafi Ibrahim, a Syrian who has been settled in Denmark for many years, told reporters that the new arrivals find it difficult to control themselves around Western women. “If they see a girl, they go nuts. They simply can’t handle it,” he said. “In Syria and many other countries, it is not normal for a strange woman to smile at you. Those girls who are harassed aren’t necessarily   or drunk. Sometimes it is enough just to be a girl. ” Danish immigration minister Inger Støjberg confessed in late 2016 that “integration in Denmark has failed” following a damning report on criminality and unemployment in   increasingly   ghettoes. “In my opinion it is because we have been too scared to set out clear demands to the people coming to Denmark,” she said. “We have not dared to say that we expect and demand that they provide for themselves and their families, and that we expect them to adjust to Danish values. ” Indigenous Britons were officially recorded as a minority in the nation’s capital for the first time in 2011, with just 44. 9 per cent of Londoners identifying as “White British” in the 2011 census. White Britons are also under 50 per cent of the population in Leicester, Luton, and Slough, with Manchester University researchers predicting that Birmingham, the UK’s second city, will soon follow suit.",0
12968,LaGuardia Airport Closed After Mike Pence's Campaign Plane Skids Off Runway,"LaGuardia Airport Closed After Mike Pence's Campaign Plane Skids Off Runway   Zero Hedge 
Update:*PENCE SAYS 'THANKFUL EVERYONE ON OUR PLANE IS SAFE' 
Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence's campaign plane just slid off the runway at LaGuardia Airport in New York City during heavy rain. Emergency crews responded to the incident, but journalists on the plane quickly tweeted that there were no injuries. 
BREAKING: Campaign plane carrying Gov Mike Pence skids off runway while landing at LaGuardia Airport, no injuries reported pic.twitter.com/L0DwgT1b28 
— News Republic (@NewsRepublic) October 28, 2016 **Everyone is okay, including the candidate -- but the Pence campaign plane slid off runway upon landing at LaGuardia pic.twitter.com/EDG1GEjVnQ 
— Vaughn Hillyard (@VaughnHillyard) October 27, 2016 Emergency crew on site. The governor stood up and made sure everyone was okay. https://t.co/rFHIVM0K9Q 
— Vaughn Hillyard (@VaughnHillyard) October 27, 2016 #Breaking :Mike Pence campaign plane slid off the runway upon landing at New York's LaGuardia Airport pic.twitter.com/5B7kqPQ4VI 
— Michael Delauzon (@MichaelDelauzon) October 28, 2016 .@ @mike_pence 's campaign plane has slid off the runway at LaGuardia Airport in New York. https://t.co/6rm43QGScT #Election2016 pic.twitter.com/8D9dGJGMTZ 
— 7 News Sydney (@7NewsSydney) October 28, 2016 

The latest is that they have shut LaGuardia: *LAGUARDIA CLOSED DUE TO PLANE SKIDDING OFF RUNWAY: NOTIFY NYC Share This Article...",0
12969,I thought I was just scared of Trump – but it’s his America I fear,"Israeli official secretly visits Dubai: Report ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board I thought I was just scared of Trump – but it’s his America I fear By GPD on November 4, 2016 Misogyny, racism and bigotry won’t go away if Donald Trump loses next week’s election; it was already here before he drew it out into the mainstream ‘Even if Trump loses, this isn’t simply a bad dream that we’ll awaken from on 9 November.’ Photograph: Evan Vucci/AP by Jessica Valenti 
W ith the presidential election less than a week away, my once-composed optimism has given way to panic. Sheer, stomach-churning panic. You see, up until now I had done a somewhat decent job of not allowing myself to imagine the unimaginable: Donald Trump winning. But as election day looms closer, and the racism and sexism that infects Trump’s campaign is ratcheted up, it’s hard not to be terrified. 
In the past week, a Ku Klux Klan newspaper endorsed Trump and white supremacists announced their plan for widespread voter intimidation. Trump rally-goers shouted antisemitic invective at reporters, and a historically black church in Mississippi was burned and “vote Trump” scrawled across the side. Another woman came forward to accuse Trump of sexual assault , and a Texas official called Hillary Clinton a “cunt”. 
This isn’t a political divide between left and right, Democrats and Republicans; it’s an immeasurable moral chasm. And so I understand why it’s been easier for many horrified by Trump to simply pretend there’s no way that he could actually win the presidency. 
Read more at Guardian UK Related Posts:",0
12970,U.S.-Backed Militias in Libya Claim to Retake ISIS Stronghold of Surt - The New York Times,"CAIRO  —     Libyan militias backed by American air power said Wednesday that they had seized the Islamic State’s last stronghold in the country, in the seaside city of Surt. If confirmed, the capture would be a severe blow to the militant organization’s expansion into North Africa, and extend the string of territorial retreats it has suffered this year in Syria and Iraq. Militia announcements quoted by Libyan news agencies and television outlets said the militia fighters were still hunting remnants of the Islamic State forces hiding in residential neighborhoods in Surt. But the militias claimed to have taken the heavily fortified Ouagadougou Center, which the Islamic State had used as its headquarters. In a statement broadcast on Misurata TV, a station based in the nearby city of Misurata, Mohamed   a spokesman for the attacking militia force, said that the Ouagadougou Center and a nearby hospital had been captured.   TV, a Libyan broadcaster, posted on its Twitter account photos of what appeared to be triumphal fighters outside the center posing with their flag. The center was heavily fortified, with underground bunkers and fortifications dating from the era of Col. Muammar   the longtime leader of Libya overthrown nearly five years ago. The Islamic State’s loss of Surt would signify the culmination of a   offensive by militias from Misurata, under the auspices of the Government of National Accord, the   authority backed by the United Nations. It comes against the backdrop of other military setbacks for the Islamic State, which once held wide areas of Syria and Iraq but has been forced to relinquish territory in recent months. Iraqi forces retook control of the city of Falluja from the Islamic State in June. The Syrian Army, backed by Russia, expelled the Islamic State from the ancient city of Palmyra in March. Syrian insurgents and Kurdish militias, including some   factions, have been squeezing Islamic State positions in northeast Syria near Raqqa, the organization’s headquarters. Over the last 10 days, the militias fighting the Islamic State in Libya have been supported by heavy American airstrikes, using drones based in Jordan. The United States Africa Command has reported 28 airstrikes from the beginning of that campaign, Aug. 1, to Monday. The Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, had held Surt for the past year. Its occupation of the city represented the organization’s most brazen expansion from its power bases in Iraq and Syria. While the American military did not specify exactly where its airstrikes had been aimed, it is believed that they were concentrated in and around Surt. The militias’ offensive against the Islamic State had reduced the area they controlled from 150 miles of coastline to the area immediately around the city. The birthplace of Colonel Qaddafi, Surt is also where the Libyan dictator was killed by antigovernment militia fighters in 2011. Officials at the Pentagon said they could not confirm that the Islamic State’s headquarters in Surt had fallen, but one senior official, speaking on condition of anonymity under military rules, said he had no reports suggesting the militia claims were untrue. Libya’s hodgepodge of militias, answering to three different factions claiming to control the country, have often been prone to exaggerated claims.   factions also reported that a Libyan Air Force warplane had been shot down by Islamic State fighters in Surt on Wednesday. The territory seized by the Islamic State in Libya had been considered the most important of the group’s overseas wilayats, or provinces. As early as October 2014, extremists in the Libyan city of Darnah pledged allegiance to the Islamic State, and a month later, the Islamic State leader, Abu Bakr   named Libya as one of the group’s official provinces. That province was eventually centered in Surt, which became the axis of the Islamic State’s power in Libya. The organization sought to give its Libya province the trappings of a state, modeled after the one it was trying to run in Iraq and Syria. Early on, senior Islamic State members arrived by boat to help administer the territory, creating a degree of connective tissue that has mostly been lacking in other areas the group has seized. The Islamic State set up offices mirroring those in Syria, including a media office, which put out content tailored to a Libyan audience, according to Aymenn Jawad   a research fellow at the Middle East Forum. The production techniques used in execution videos produced in Libya were so similar to ones emerging from Syria that some experts theorized that the Islamic State must have dispatched a cameraman from Syria to Libya to achieve that congruence. The latest developments in Surt came as the Government of National Accord has been struggling with other resilient threats to Libya’s frail stability. Fears have risen that militias in eastern Libya that have refused to recognize the government could attack the Zueitina oil export terminal, where Libya petroleum officials hope to resume disrupted shipments. The governments of France, Britain, Spain, Germany and the United States on Wednesday issued a statement expressing “concern at reports of increasing tension” near Zueitina and supporting the government’s efforts to “resolve the disruptions to Libya’s energy exports. ”",0
12971,The Path Men Took To Trump,"Home This Month Popular The Path Men Took To Trump The Path Men Took To Trump 
Daryush ""Roosh"" Valizadeh created ROK in October 2012. You can visit his blog at RooshV.com or follow him on Twitter and Facebook RSS November 20, 2016 Politics 
Every man who supports Donald Trump came to it from a different path. Some of you support him because of economic impoverishment or because you have seen your neighborhoods degrade from illegal immigrants . Or maybe you support him because you were attacked for being politically incorrect. For me and many other men, we came to support Trump because we shared truths about sex and the true nature of women . The fight began in 2012 with the Southern Poverty Law Center 
In March 2012, after years of teaching men how to improve their sex lives through books and web sites , I was put on a list by the Jewish-operated Southern Poverty Law Center for being a misogynist . I was shaken up by this because I knew that my desire to enjoy sex with beautiful women and share the truths I’ve learned from it put me on a path of no return. Either I close down shop immediately or accept that the mob would one day come pounding on my door. 
I decided to keep going. I responded to the SPLC designation with an article titled My Existence Is Becoming Illegal , where I described how heterosexual sex was now a defiant political act if the male received any benefit from it. 
It is clear that gender hate is now a one-way street. Men can hate women but not the other way around. Men can rape, women can’t. Men can be abusive, both physically and emotionally, but women can’t. Men can be misogynist, but women can’t be misandrist, a word that is unknown to most of the American population. Men can be described as lazy slobs who play video games all day, but women are perfect as-is in a country where there are organizations trying to convince you that being fat is both healthy and beautiful. Male teachers get sent to pound-me-in-the-ass prison if they have sex with a student, but female teachers only get a slap on the wrist. If you’re a man, you’re likely a perpetrator of hate, violence, and abuse to innocent American women, even if you don’t yet realize your thought crime, but never the other way around. 
Fast forward two years to October 2014. Witch hunts by leftists were in force. Rage mobs were crawling through social networking looking for racists, homophobes, and sexists with the aim of getting them fired. I studied the people who were participating in these witch hunts and wrote one of the most important articles I’ve ever published: What Is A Social Justice Warrior (SJW) ? 
The article was widely shared, influencing how people viewed the useful idiot layer of individuals who were guided and controlled by establishment forces consisting of academia, the corporate news media, Hollywood, Fortune 500 companies, Silicon Valley, and the billionaire owners of our politicians. Scratch a feminist SJW and you’ll find the reptilian skin of a billionaire who created the narrative she believes. 
I was pessimistic when I wrote the SJW article, thinking we’d need a full generation (25+ years) to even begin defeating such a powerful anti-American entity . I focused on teaching men self-defense and avoidance instead of ways to defeat them. Little did I know that I was defining them at their absolute peak, and barely two years later a candidate who stood for the diametric opposite of social justice would win the presidency. The social justice warriors haven’t gone away, and they are rushing to fulfill the will of George Soros by refusing to accept the results of a fair election, but the power they have to force people to bend to their demands has been reduced, along with the power of the institutions that support them. 
Though SJWism peaked in 2014, I had to face the full brunt of their attacks in the summer of 2015 during the Canadian stops of my lecture tour and again in February 2016 during the international meetups . I survived those attacks, and the fact that I’m still here right now and able to exercise my free speech on all my platforms—while you’re still here participating—shows clearly how little power they really had to stop us. They bruised me during the meetup outrage, but I healed quickly enough to weaponize my sites to spread my support of an even bigger enemy of theirs, Donald Trump. Donald Trump ground zero 
I’m a pessimist by nature, so I didn’t have much hope that the establishment would allow Trump to win in the primaries, even though I was confident his ideas resonated with most Americans. But then I noticed that he simply couldn’t be knocked out, no matter what his enemies did. I saw him humiliate Jeb Bush , out-compete a resurgent Ted Cruz, and smack down any attempt by the media to force him to display weakness. By the time I attended the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , I started to believe. 
The ground zero for Donald Trump within the manosphere was The Donald Trump thread on the forum, created in June 2015 by veteran member and ROK contributor Samseau . This is where the battle unfolded for thosuands of men. Over 2,000 pages long, the thread has been viewed nearly 6 million times. Ideas within it have filtered out into mainstream discourse, as described here , to men with bullhorns larger than I have. 
After significant battles in a real war, medals are awarded but soldiers don’t nitpick on who was the “best” soldier. They all worked as a team to ensure victory, from the General (Donald Trump), the Colonels (his advisers), the Captains (major media influencers like Alex Jones, Matt Drudge, Paul Joseph Watson, and Mike Cernovich), the Sergeants (men like myself), the Specialists (men like Samseau), and on down to the Private, a regular commenter who contributes the occasional meme or argument in his spare time. 
The ego cares about how impactful one is, how influential its ideas are, but the team player only cares about victory for the whole. Whether I am a Private or a Sergeant, I fought side by side with men in that thread and on this web site to what amounts to a modern fourth-generational informational war that will be studied by historians in the future. Who would have guessed that public internet sites operating on free open-source software would have such a positive effect on not just the result of the election, but on the lives of so many men who participated in it. Approaching the date of the election 
Two months before the election, I did a Youtube video urging men to vote for Trump , and it resulted in nearly 150 unsubscribes within a day, surprising even me since I thought my audience was mostly men who would automatically support a Trump presidency. The video echoed a lot of sentiments I shared in the article If Donald Trump Doesn’t Win, We’re Screwed , where I tried to convey the danger of a Hillary presidency. 
Obama was the “race” president, and look how badly he has damaged race relations in only eight years. Hillary will be the “gender” president. The future we have in store should be absolutely clear to you if she happens to defeat Trump. 
Not only will she move to establish a techno-matriarchy where men are second-class citizens to any female, but she will ensure that no movement or organization will be able to challenge her or her establishment cronies ever again. This isn’t a trivial matter of getting banned from a web site like Twitter or Youtube—many of you will be forced to escape the country for no other reason than you happening to be a man who found himself on the wrong side of the establishment. 
For the next month, I stared at the calendar, waiting for the election to happen, doing what I could to push back against the narrative on Twitter . Then in early October, an old tape was released of Trump saying he grabs girls by the pussy because they “let” him. My sister called me, confused, and asked if he really was a bad man. I told her that the media is distorting his comments just like they distorted mine a few months earlier when their proclaimed me as a “ pro-rape advocate .” I told her not to believe the media and to judge Trump by his actions and his policies, not a gotcha moment that was being spun out of control to help Hillary’s failing campaign. 
I spoke to her with confidence, but inside I was concerned: in a politically correct world, would this be the blow to sink Trump’s candidacy? Is the majority of Americans actually ready to defeat political correctness? Thankfully, Trump responded strongly, ignoring calls by the traitors in the Republican party to step down. 
The first poll to come in after pussygate suggested that Trump’s support didn’t decline. The fake controversy didn’t work. I held my breath for the next few days to see if another tape would come out, maybe of him saying the n-word, but none did, and I knew the establishment had no more bullets. This was the moment where I finally believed. I felt a rush of energy on that day as my subconscious accepted that Trump was going to win. I did a Periscope that night as if I was amped up on methamphetamine, but I took no drug. 
From that point on it was just a matter of hanging on, until finally on November 8 when he was elected President. I was in disbelief after he won because it was only four years prior when I was attacked by the same forces that were aligned against Trump. I didn’t have to wait long until my personal enemies were dealt a monstrous defeat by another man whom I consider on the same team as us. If I made any miscalculation, it was that it would take a generation or longer for us to begin pushing back against establishment forces. I underestimated our own power, and those of our allies in the alternative internet space. Human control is a foolhardy endeavor 
The most important lesson I learned from Trump’s victory is how pointless it is to control human beings, both their behaviors and their minds. Every single major institution in the United States, represented by billions of dollars of economic activity and influence, could not stop a populist candidate, in spite of trying everything short of assassination. 
George Soros and his billions weren’t effective. Obama and his allies weren’t effective. The mainstream media and their dozens of outlets weren’t effective. CEOs of the biggest companies in the United States weren’t effective. Hollywood and it’s superstars weren’t effective. Academia and it’s thousands of professors weren’t effective. Social media and its censorship efforts weren’t effective. The FBI allowing Hillary to skate from real crimes wasn’t effective. Even Donald Trump’s own party wasn’t effective in stopping him. It’s absolutely incredible that all these forces couldn’t stop one man and his believers. What a disgrace to the fields of scientific management and modern propaganda for them all to fail so miserably! 
Think right now of how much effort the anti-Trump forces put into stopping him from winning. Think of how much money they spent to guarantee their desired outcome. And now think how it was all for nothing . They accomplished the very opposite of what they moved mountains to accomplish, after decades of cementing their control within the country by sucking the truth and life blood from the American public. 
Whatever term you use to describe the force that governs our existence—nature, God, Tao, or so on—it is clear that humans cannot control it all, and that the pendulum will swing when it wants to swing, that the wheel of history will turn when it wants to turn, and your billions of dollars and your propaganda and your institutions can do nothing to stop it. Imagine how impotent George Soros and his friends must feel after their limitless money and influence was all for nothing. 
Now they have to perfect their control methods even more, open their pocket books further, and try to force their will upon a population as if pushing food into the mouth of someone who is already full. Their desire to control you is nothing but their own psychological failings of trying to alleviate their crippling fears, of trying to prove to themselves and to the world that they are a somebody, that they are powerful, that the world must be shaped into their image, that they are gods among men, but it should be clear to you by now that they are not gods but sociopaths who gamed an economic system to amass huge amounts of capital and money. Much of that will be flushed down the drain as they continue to fight and grasp their way to unequivocal defeat, or attempting to control those who do not want to be controlled. 
You can control human beings, but only temporarily and only some of them. At the end of the day, humans want to do what they want to do, and if you don’t possess what they wish to buy, they will go to someone who does, no matter how much money you spend on your mechanisms of control. The more you control what does not want to be controlled, the more tension is created and then released in the great unraveling, of which we are currently living through. In previous eras, that tension resulted in victorious parades on the streets, but in our modern era, it is in the form of online celebrations with the use of tweets and memes. 
If you want to be a true leader of society, create an environment where humans can associate with whom they want, can freely engage in commerce, can create families, can live in safety, can search for the truth without interference, and can work and play and live according to their nature. Put stone walls blocking their righteous will and watch them be torn down. It may take a decade, it may take 100 years, but it will happen, and the contraptions you used to control them will reveal not your strength but your own pathetic weakness. Conclusion 
We are tired of being controlled. Leave us alone. We are tired of institutions that are obsessed with controlling us, of forcing us to believe in falsehoods, of programming us to hate our country, of pitting woman against man and black against white. Leave us alone! Let men be men, and from that a new American renaissance will come forth. Men who are strong and good must be allowed to live their lives, and if you prevent us from doing so, we won’t allow you to live yours. We will humiliate your useful idiots, we will destroy your institutions, we will lash out with more than just memes. 
I’m afraid that those who stand against us are gearing up for even greater authoritarian control over us, but at least now we have our man in the White House who can join us in a fight that we have already been battling for many years. I can’t wait to see where this fight takes us next. Nov 20, 2016 Roosh Valizadeh ",0
12972,A view of the Syrian war from the Golan Heights,"By Robert Fisk on November 6, 2016 Robert Fisk — The Independent Nov 4, 2016 Syrian soldiers stand before their tanks at Quneitra, a few hundred metres from the front line with Nusrah Islamists and only five miles from Israeli troops on the Golan Heights. Click to enlarge 
From Colonel Saleh’s forward position on his front line north of Quneitra, he has a unique and exclusive view of the Syrian war. To his west and south is a vast area of his country which is occupied by Jabhat al-Nusra Islamist fighters – their earthen ramparts and supply roads are scarcely half a mile away. Then, another couple of miles away, Israeli soldiers are inside their concrete positions on the occupied Syrian Golan Heights, above the old and Nusra-held Syrian city of Quneitra. 
“You see that mosque over there, just to the right of the water tower?” the colonel asks. “Well, Nusra is there. And you see the triangular hill beyond? The Israelis are there.” It’s what you call a politically intriguing battlefield – yes, shells do come whizzing in towards the Syrians from Nusra and also from the Israelis. The Syrians concentrate their fire on Nusra but Nusra’s casualties are often taken through the Israeli lines for hospital treatment in Haifa. 
So whose side is Israel on? Baath City is a concrete conurbation created back in pre-civil war days to defy the vandalisation of the old Quenitra. It was occupied by the Israeli army during the 1973 Middle East war and then – before they abandoned it under the Kissinger agreement – totally destroyed with explosives by Israeli troops. Nusra now occupy these 43-year old ruins. As for Baath City, its university, banks, fire station, schools, police force and hospitals are defiantly maintained by the Syrians under the eyes of their two enemies: the Nusra Islamists and the Israelis. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visits a military field hospital in the Golan Heights medical facility where wounded “Syrian rebels” are being treated. Click to enlarge 
According to the Syrian army in Baath City – their forward lines and tanks are positioned in unfinished apartment blocks on the edge of the town – their intelligence department’s Hebrew speakers constantly monitor conversations between the Israelis and between Israeli and Nusra fighters. They know – and the Israelis have made no secret of the fact – that wounded Nusrah fighters are taken to Haifa for hospital treatment. On one occasion, a Nusrah man travelling in an Israeli ambulance on the Golan was dragged from the vehicle and lynched by a crowd of enraged Druze men who are largely loyal to the Syrian government and regard Nusrah as their mortal enemies. Reports of the man’s murder highlighted the highly ambiguous relationship between Israel and the Islamists, whose name-changing cannot conceal their al-Qaeda roots. 
Druze towns inside Syria and close to Baath City have taken the side of the regime – this does not apply to other Druze areas – but it makes the geography of the front line here all the more surreal. One Syrian lieutenant described to me how he directed his artillery fire onto an Israeli jeep in the Nusra-occupied town of Al-Hamidiya inside Syria and destroyed it. The jeep might have been a gift or borrowed from Israel – whether there were any Israeli personnel inside it if it was hit is another matter. The Syrians, however, also say that Israeli bulldozers were used to build a new supply route for Nusrah between Quneitra and Golan – again, inside Syria’s frontiers. 
All of which raises a compelling question. The Nusra-controlled territory between the Syrians and the Israeli lines on Golan – and other Islamist groups and a few remnants of the old “Free Syrian Army” allied to them in this location – stretches all the way south to the edge of the Syrian city of Deraa and right down to the Jordanian frontier. And beyond that frontier is the so-called “Military Operations Centre” – the “MOC” of which both the Islamists and the Syrian army refer – where Western intelligence officers maintain a liaison and weapons supply depot for the anti-government Syrian forces. 
So what is the relationship between the MOC and its Western backers – who maintain contact with Nusra – and the Israelis who treat Nusra’s wounded in their hospitals? The Jordanian border and the Israeli lines on Golan are at their most only about 70 miles apart and opposition fighters hold all the land in between. 
Littered around the front lines outside Baath City are the wreckage of past battles and the abandoned UN posts from which Filipino UN soldiers were kidnapped en masse more than a year ago; the Syrian army now occupies several of these positions, the UN logo still painted on the walls although several of the “igloo”-type UN accommodation huts have migrated to Syrian compounds in the rear lines. The UN force on Golan now operates only inside Israeli-occupied territory. 
Only a few hundred yards away from Nusra-held territory, we found Abu Hashem, a farmer who fled from his village, now held by the Islamists, living today in family property close to one of the old UN posts. He fed us tea and coffee and walnuts from his orchard. His wife and six children now exist in this unfinished, cold house along with a small library of books – the speeches of Imam Ali (the “Najul Blagha”) and a collection of medical books of Aleppo herbal cures for headaches and kidney infection, published in Beirut. He says the people in his Nusra-occupied village are divided. Some are sympathetic towards the Islamists – they are not fighters – while others are sometimes permitted by Nusrah to cross the front lines for treatment in Syrian government hospitals. They are Bedouins and farmers, the unsettled and the landowners, always prey to the wolves of civil war insurgents. 
Colonel Saleh, who is 50 years old, has been guarding his echoing and weed-strewn apartment blocks on the edge of Baath City for three years, noting wearily that the Israelis attack his army but never attack Nusra who – being al-Qaeda – might logically have earned Israel’s enmity. But no. “I know every stone here,” the colonel says. “I can see if a rock or a vehicle has moved across the fields in front of us – and I can immediately see if one vehicle has become two vehicles. We know when they are going to attack – they always precede their offensives with a big artillery and mortar barrage.” 
Sometimes the voices of Nusra men shout insults at the Syrians on their own radio sets, calling them “kafirs” – ‘“infidels” or “unbelievers”. “If I am in a good mood, I invite them for coffee,” Colonel Saleh says. “If I’m in a bad mood, I am silent. Their accents are very similar to the Jordanians. They come from the south of Deraa, along the Jordanian border.” 
As we spoke, further down the line, the Syrians and Nusra were fighting with tanks, artillery and mortars. The Syrians claimed that their enemies arrived in several directions in a convoy of at least 13 vehicles. They spoke, too, of a Nusra female officer called Souad al-Qatahani (nicknamed “Al-Nood”), the 30-year-old sister of a Nusrah general called Qais al-Omani who commanded 1,200 fighters. She was, they pointed out rather remarkably, a former first lieutenant in their own Syrian government army. 
And one further feature that the Syrians have noted about their enemies outside Baath City. Whenever Nusra fire a missile, they have to take a photograph of the rocket leaving its launcher – presumably to prove to their suppliers that they have not sold the weapon to someone else. Trust, as usual in the Syrian war, is in short supply.",0
12973,Seizing a Second Chance to Graduate From High School - The New York Times,"She skipped almost every class her sophomore year and still maintained perfect attendance. The trick was to drop in for the start of third period, wait for attendance to be recorded for the day and then leave with a bathroom pass. By the time her mother found out about the scheme, Skylynn Vazquez was failing every subject. Most days, Saquan Bright did not bother to show up at Boys and Girls High School in   Brooklyn. He chose to roam the streets with his friends. But then Ms. Vazquez and Mr. Bright found a school designed for students like them: Brooklyn High School for Leadership and Community Service in Clinton Hill, which is operated by Brooklyn Community Services, one of eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund. Leadership, one of 57 transfer schools in New York City  —   established to help students struggling in traditional schools  —   has 202 students ages 16 to 21. By the time students reach Leadership, they have either dropped out of their regular schools or neared that point because of low grades or poor attendance. Many come from unstable homes, living with single parents in shelters and temporary housing, and have spent time in the criminal justice system. And 82 percent of the students qualify for free lunch because of their family’s income. The flexible school schedule  —   which allows for free periods  —   enables students to concentrate on courses required to graduate. And the school provides an optional paid internship program, which is appealing to students, some of whom help support their families or who are legally emancipated and support themselves. Before Leadership, Mr. Bright could not keep up with the demands at Boys and Girls High School. He struggled to pay attention in class, and could not finish tests in time. Still, he was not tested for a learning disability until he was enrolled at Leadership. Now he receives services at Leadership and extended time for tests, and his grades have improved. At her previous school, in Bushwick, Ms. Vazquez purposefully broke the rules. She wore hats at school every day, even though they were forbidden, and each one was taken away. “There was a point where I didn’t have any of my hats,” she said. “All 30 of my hats were locked in the dean’s office. ” She enrolled at that school midway through her freshman year, after moving from Florida. She recalled skipping classes and darting off to play basketball and video games with a handful of friends, most of whom have since dropped out, she said. “We were a bad influence on each other,” she said. “If one of us wasn’t in the mood to go to class, we’d all leave. We pushed each other to do the wrong thing. ” In March 2014, Ms. Vazquez’s mother  —   enraged by the discovery of what her daughter had been doing  —   spoke with administrators at the school, who suggested that her daughter enroll at Leadership. Ms. Vasquez, nervous about again switching schools, did not want to go, but when she arrived, she immediately found a support system there. Classes were small, with 20 to 25 students, allowing a nurturing,   learning environment. Students are on a   basis with all the teachers, including the principal. “Respect can be calling someone by their last name, but sometimes when you call someone by their first name, you feel like maybe you’re on a different level,” Stacey Fischler, the school’s program director, said. Students have access to advocate counselors, who are similar to social workers and help them with issues beyond academics, sometimes referring them to mental health services or youth shelters. Each counselor, assigned to 40 to 50 students, is tasked  —   to the point of pestering  —   with making sure they all go to school. “My priority is to make sure you get your education,” said Heather Hansen, a counselor. “Whether that is going to your house and knocking down your door or calling you like a lunatic all day or bothering your parents. That’s my goal. ” Ms. Vazquez smiled as she scrolled through those daily morning texts. At 6:25 a. m. on Nov. 2: “Rise  Shine Scholars. The grind continues. ” Two days later, at 6:44 a. m.: “Rise  Shine #TGIF. ” “I don’t think they sleep,” Ms. Vazquez said, laughing. “It’s a very supportive school. ” More than 14, 000 students attended transfer schools in New York City as of the   school year, the latest for which the Department of Education provided data.   graduation rates for the schools are much lower than the overall rate for New York City public schools, which increased in recent years to 70. 5 percent in 2015. Although the class of 2015 at Leadership had a 5. 6 percent   graduation rate, that rate improves over additional years  —   typical of many transfer schools. About a quarter of students graduate within six years, according to Department of Education data. Despite lower rates, the schools are serving students who may have otherwise dropped out, never receiving a diploma. “You’re working with a population that can be changed, that does need help and doesn’t get targeted often,” Ms. Hansen said. “You’re working with a population that is getting a second chance. And it’s nice to be able to give that. At the end of the day, it can be frustrating and taxing, but you get to see them walk across the stage, and that’s the main goal. ” For Mr. Bright, graduation day seemed unlikely two years ago. In spring 2014, he fell behind again, started ditching classes and almost dropped out. That August, when he was standing on a street corner in   a car passed by. Shots rang out, hitting him in the abdomen. Members of his family and of the Leadership staff surrounded his hospital bed. “There’s a lot of love there,” he said. He returned to school with renewed commitment. The Leadership family also kept Ms. Vazquez in school. “I have good friends and a good support system when I get to school every morning,” she said. “I didn’t think I’d get this far. But now I see a difference in myself, in how I react and how I say and do things. I’ve become a totally different person, and a lot of it comes from this school. ” Both Mr. Bright and Ms. Vazquez are looking forward to graduation. Mr. Bright, who will turn 22 this month, is allowed to finish this school year before he ages out of the public school system. He needs to pass one more Regents exam, for algebra, his most dreaded subject. So Brooklyn Community Services has allocated $500 in Neediest Cases funds to provide him with    tutoring. More than   of Leadership students, including Mr. Bright and Ms. Vazquez, participate in an     program. They have paid internships at places including Burlington Coat Factory, child care centers and the Brooklyn Veterinary Group. Last semester, Ms. Vazquez, 20, received an internship at 3 Black Cats Café and Cakery in Brooklyn, where she worked in the kitchen. It was the first job, Ms. Vazquez said, that she took pride in. “To bake something from scratch and perfect it,” she said. “Knowing that it represents your work, that is new for me. ” The internship ended in November, but she hopes to work at another restaurant. Her love for cooking started in her grandmother’s kitchen. They followed traditional Puerto Rican recipes, including pasteles, a dish of plantains, meat and olives. Now she cooks to remember her grandmother, who died last spring. After graduation in March, she hopes to continue her passion and has applied to culinary schools in upstate New York. When she talked to her grandmother about graduation, her grandmother would say, “Vamos a ver”  —   she would believe it when she saw it. “And now she’ll see,” Ms. Vazquez said with a smile.",0
12974,Schumer: Trump Is Using ’Populist Rhetoric to Cover Up Hard Right Agenda’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) said he is worried President Donald Trump is “using populist rhetoric to cover up a hard right agenda. ”  Schumer said, “Let me just say about his address, it was populist, but I’m worried he’s using populist rhetoric to cover up a hard right agenda. If you look at his cabinet appointments, so many of them are not populist but hard right. You know. Dr. Price, he wants to end Medicare as we know it. Mulvaney wants to cut even research into health care, DeVos wats to cut public education, Puzder goes against labor. So his cabinet is very troubling and that’s what I discussed. He said, ‘can you move my cabinet a long.’ I said, ‘look, with people who seem to be pretty mainstream, Mattis and Kelly we approved them quickly but so many of your cabinet appointees, Mr. president, are quite different than what you campaigned on and even what your speech was about.’ So I am really troubled at this populist rhetoric is covering up a hard right agenda which is way, way out of touch with what the American people want and even what Trump campaigned on. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
12975,Año 1975: Fallece Francisco Franco con 82 años de retraso,Año 63: Cupido logra que le validen la aptitud “arquero” en Linkedin EFEMÉRIDES DE LA SEMANA  ,0
12976,Review: ‘Roots’ for a Black Lives Matter Era - The New York Times,"The original   “Roots” was about history, and it was history itself. Airing on ABC in January 1977, this generational saga of slavery was a kind of answer song to the 1976 Bicentennial celebration of the (white, often  ) founding fathers. It reopened the books and wrote slaves and their descendants into the national narrative. But as an event, it was also a chapter in that story. It shaped and was shaped by the racial consciousness of its era. It was a   national reckoning for more than 100 million viewers. As a television drama, it was excellent. But as a television broadcast, it was epochal. The     remake of “Roots,” beginning Memorial Day on History, AE and Lifetime, is largely the same story, compressed in some places and expanded in others, with a lavish production and strong performances. It is every bit as worthy of attention and conversation. But it is also landing, inevitably, in a very different time. Viewers who watched “Roots” four decades ago have since lived with racial narratives of moving forward and stepping back. They’ve seen America’s first black president elected and a presidential candidate hesitate to disavow the Ku Klux Klan. So in timing and spirit, this is a Black Lives Matter “Roots,” optimistic in focusing on its characters’ strength, sober in recognizing that we may never stop needing reminders of whose lives matter. The first new episode, much of it shot in South Africa, looks stunning, another sign of the cultural times. Kunta Kinte (Malachi Kirby, in the role made famous by LeVar Burton) is now not a humble villager but the scion of an important clan, and his home  —   Juffure, in Gambia  —   a prosperous settlement. Kunta is captured by a rival family and sold into slavery to a Virginian (James Purefoy) by way of a harrowing Middle Passage. Mr. Kirby’s Kunta is a more regal and immediately defiant character than Mr. Burton’s. But his tragedy is the same: He rebels but fails and is beaten into accepting his slave name, Toby. The name  —   the loss of identity  —   is as much a weapon as the whip. As the overseer who beats him puts it: “You can’t buy a slave. You have to make a slave. ” Kunta stops running, but he preserves his traditions, including the practice of presenting a newborn baby to the night sky with the words, “Behold, the only thing that is greater than you. ” That theme of belonging to something larger, of the ancestral family as a character in itself, is essential to “Roots. ” Although Alex Haley fictionalized the events of his novel on which the   is based, his story offered black Americans what slavery was   to erase: places, dates, names, memories. And that focus keeps the ugliness  —   the racial slurs, the gruesome violence  —   from rendering this series without hope. A person may live and die in this system, but a people can survive it. Still, the individual stories remain heartbreaking, even in small moments, as when the slave musician Fiddler (a soulful Forest Whitaker) recognizes a Mandinka tune he overhears Kunta singing. He’s moved  —   and, it seems, a little frightened by what the recognition stirs in him. As much as he’s worked to efface his heritage as a survival strategy, it lingers, a few notes haunting the outskirts of his memory. Kunta’s daughter, Kizzy (E’myri Lee Crutchfield as a child, Anika Noni Rose as an adult) is teased with the possibility of a better life she grows up friends with the master’s daughter and learns to read. But she’s sold to Tom Lea (Jonathan Rhys Meyers) a struggling farmer who rapes and impregnates her. Rape  —   there are several assaults in this series  —   is another weapon against identity, another way you make a slave. Ms. Rose burns with Kizzy’s determination to hang on to her sense of self. Kizzy and Tom Lea’s son, Chicken George (  Page, walking nimbly in Ben Vereen’s footsteps) makes his name raising fighting cocks for his  . The series has lighter moments, especially with the charismatic George, but those can quickly turn dark at an owner’s whim. Childhood friends grow up promises get broken there are no good masters. At eight hours over four nights, each with a separate director, this “Roots” is about a third shorter than the original. It focuses less on white characters  —   gone is Ed Asner’s     captain, a sop to white viewers  —   though there are insights about how class resentment feeds bigotry. You feel the story’s compression most in the second half, especially the melodramatic, rushed final episode, which works in both the story of George’s son Tom (Sedale Threatt Jr.)  —   named, under duress, for his   grandfather  —   and George’s service in the Civil War. This   ends emotionally, but it emphasizes that there is no permanent   : “Every day,” the younger Tom says, “always going to be someone wants to take away your freedom. ” Overall, the remake, whose producers include Mr. Burton and Mark M. Wolper (whose father, David L. Wolper, produced the original “Roots”) ably polishes the story for a new audience that might find the old production dated and slow. What it can’t do, because nothing can now, is command that audience. As homogeneous as the     TV system could be, as many faces as it left out, “Roots” was an example of what it could do at its best. I watched it when I was 8 years old because it was all anyone was talking about, including the kids in my mostly white   school. A generation of viewers  —   whatever we looked like, wherever we came from, wherever we ended up  —   carried the memory of Kunta having his name beaten out of him. Viewers will have to seek out this “Roots,” like every program now. Today’s universe of channels and streaming outlets presents a much wider range of identity and experience. But we see it in smaller groups and take away different memories. That’s not the fault of “Roots,” of course it’s simply our media world. The legacy of representation now lives in a constellation of programs, among them dramas like “Underground,” which imagines its   story as an action thriller comedies like “ ” and “The Carmichael Show,” with their complex ideas of black identity and this “Roots,” still a necessary story, but now one story among many.",0
12977,Turner Classic Movies Sets 24-Hour Debbie Reynolds Marathon,"Turner Classic Movies will present a   marathon of films starring the late Hollywood icon Debbie Reynolds following her death this week at the age of 84. [Beginning January 27 at 6 a. m. the network will air 12 of Reynolds’s most memorable films, including Singin’ in the Rain, The Tender Trap and The Unsinkable Molly Brown.  The screen legend passed away Wednesday after suffering a suspected stroke. Reynolds’s daughter, Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher, had died one day earlier after having suffered a heart attack on an airplane. Below, find the schedule for TCM’s Debbie Reynolds marathon. All times Eastern. 6:00 a. m. It Started With A Kiss (1959)  —   After a whirlwind courtship, an Army officer and his wacky wife try to make their marriage work. 7:45 a. m. Bundle Of Joy (1956)  —   A shop girl is mistaken for the mother of a foundling. 12:30 p. m. The Tender Trap (1955)  —   A swinging bachelor finds love when he meets a girl immune to his line. 2:30 p. m Hit The Deck (1955)  —   Sailors on leave in San Francisco get mixed up in love and show business. 4:30 p. m. I Love Melvin (1953)  —   A photographer’s assistant promises to turn a chorus girl into a cover girl. 6:00 p. m. Singin’ In The Rain (1952)  —   A   swashbuckler finds love while trying to adjust to the coming of sound. 8:00 p. m. The Unsinkable Molly Brown (1964)  —   A musical biography of the backwoods girl who struck it rich in Colorado and survived the Titanic. 10:30 p. m. The Mating Game (1959)  —   A tax agent falls for a farm girl whose father he’s investigating. 12:30 a. m.  The Catered Affair (1956)  —   A   mother fights to give her daughter a big wedding whether the girl wants it or not. 2:15 a. m. The Singing Nun (1965)  —   A fanciful biography of the Belgian nun who briefly made the hit parade. 4:00 a. m. How Sweet It Is! (1968)  —   A married couple’s working vacation in Paris turns into a battle to stay faithful.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
12978,J.K. Rowling and Her World of Magic,"J.K. Rowling is best known for her magical world of Harry Potter, filled with ghostly Dementors, tricky house-elves, butter beer, and spells that enchant or dispel an opponent. Her spellbound books do not stop there. Rowling has written other books, which are geared toward adults, such as her crime novel, “The Cuckoo Calling,” currently being filmed for BBC adaptation. Rowling also wrote “The Casual Vacancy,” a drama novel that has already made its debut on the BBC network.
J.K. Rowling’s Bookcase of Magic Rowling went on to expand her extraordinary world of magic with “Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them,” which is her next installment into a magical place young adults, children, and adults alike want to be in. The book was originally meant to be a textbook in the wizarding world of Hogwarts and centers around Newt Scamander.
In the year 1926, he has completed a global excursion to find and document all of the world’s magical creatures. Unfortunately, after Scamander decides to make a brief stop in New York, he misplaces his magical case of fantastic beasts. (Yes, the world of magic has come to America.) He also meets a No-Maj named Jacob Kowalski, who discovers the world of magic after meeting Scamander and causes a bit of mischief.
The immersive world of magic continues in Rowling’s “Quidditch Through the Ages.” Even though the book is not as magical as previous ones, it is still essential to the wizarding world. It is about Quidditch and was written by Kennilworthy Whisp, a renowned player of the sport. This book was read by Potter in the movie, “Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone.” Severus Snape caught him reading it outside the school, and makes a bogus rule that library books are no longer allowed outside the school, before he takes from Potter.
A Collection of Wizarding Tales for Children Who can forget Rowling’s collection of the popular wizarding fairy tales for children called, “The Tales of Beedle the Bard?” This book is featured in “Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.” Hermione Granger is bequeathed the book by Albus Dumbledore. It is a series of five stories:
“The Warlock’s Hairy Heart,” is a story about a young warlock who has been jilted by love and vows to never fall in love again. In order to do this, he uses The Dark Arts, which saddens his family. Consequently, servants start to whisper about him not having a wife. He decides he will find the most beautiful and talented woman to gain the envy of everyone. Soon, he meets a girl and invites her to dinner. She is fascinated and repulsed by him. She wants to know if he has a heart. The warlock shows her the crystal casket that holds his beating hairy heart. She then asks him to put the heart back in his chest, and he does so. However, his heart had been out of his body too long and developed savage tastes. It causes him to forcefully take her human heart. Unfortunately, he cannot magically remove the hairy heart from his chest, so he cuts it out with a knife. Thus, he and his love die, as he stands with both hearts in his hands. “The Wizard and the Hopping Pot,” is about an old man that is generous. He uses his pot to brew magical potions and antidotes for people in need. After his death, he leaves his son the pot. Unfortunately, he does not have his fathers virtues. Bitter from only receiving a pot, his son closes the door in the faces of those who need help. However, he feels awful for turning away those in need. Eventually, he starts to help the townspeople. “The Fountain of Fair Fortune,” is about a fountain, which a person can bathe in once a year. Doing so, helps that person gain answers to their problems. This is where three witches meet. Asha, who suffers from an incurable decease; Altheda, who is poor and powerless because she was robbed; and Amata is beside herself after her lover leaves her. On their journey to the fountain, they are joined by a knight named Sir Luckless, and they continue the journey together. Along the way, they face three challenges. The first is a giant worm who demands proof of pain. The second, a steep slope where they must bring the fruit of their labors. The third involves crossing a river, which requires them to pay with the treasures of their pasts. Amata passes all three challenges by using magic to withdrawl memories of her lover and dropping them into the water. Asha collapses at the fountain. Altheda saves her by brewing an invigorating potion, which also cures Asha of her disease. Altheda realizes she can use her skills to make money. Amata learns that removing the memory of her lover has removed her regrets. Thier need for the fountain was no more. Sir Luckless bathes in the water. After doing so, he falls at Amata’s feet and asks her to marry him. The moral of the story is the fountain never actually had magical powers. To solve one’s troubles in life, one must do so for themselves. “Babbitty Rabbitty and Her Cackling Stump,” is about a king who wants to keep all the magic for himself. In order to do so, he has to capture all the sorcerers in the kingdom. Then, he has to learn magic. He creates an army of witch hunters. Then calls for an instructor of magic. Unbeknownst to him, the instructor is a charlatan. The instructor is called to perform, with the king, in front of people. He is told if he cannot so this, he will be beheaded. The charlatan blackmails Babbitty, who is magical, into helping him. The charlatan is asked, by a brigade captain, to bring his dog back to life. Babbitty, however, is unable to fulfill the request and is exposed by the charlatan. “The Tale of the Three Brothers,” is about brothers traveling together. Upon their journey, they reach a treacherous river. To cross it, they make a magical bridge. Halfway across they meet Death, who is angry from the loss of the three potential victims. Death tricks them into believing he is impressed with them and grants them three wishes. The oldest brother asks for an unbeatable dueling wand, known as the Elder Wand. The middle brother requests the ability to resurrect the dead and is given the Resurrection Stone. The youngest does not trust Death, so he asks Death to stop following him. With reluctance, Death hands him his Cloak of Invisibility. The brothers leave, in different directions. The oldest brags about the powerful wand he possesses and is murdered in his sleep. The middle brother brings back his lover, who died before they could marry. Regretably, she is not herself and is full of sadness. Inevitably, the brother kills himself to be with his beloved. The youngest brother can not be found by Death, due to the cloak he hides under. After many years of evading Death, he decides to take the cloak off and give it to his son. Pleased with all he has achieved, he willfully greets Death, and they leave together as equals. The Magical and Interactive World of Pottermore Rowling launched Pottermore, in April of 2012. In the immersive world, players can enter Hogwarts as though they are students, acceptance letter and all. Just like the books and movies, players are sorted into a house, before they can go any further. A series of questions are asked by the Sorting Hat. Then, players are placed into, Slytherin, Hufflepuff, Gryffindor, or Raven Claw. Once a house has been selected, the player must go virtual shopping to obtain the items on the list, in the acceptance letter. First years must bring:
A Uniform:
Three sets of plain black robes. 
One pointed black hat, for day wear.
One pair of protective gloves.
One black winter cloak.
All clothing must adorn name tags. Books:
“The Standard Book of Spells,” grade 1, by Miranda Goshawk.
“A History of Magic,” by Bathilda Bagshot.
“Magical Theory,” by Adalbert Waffling.
“A beginner’s Guide toTransfigurationn,” by Emeric Switch.
“One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi,” by Phyllida Spore.
“Magical Drafts and Potions,” by Aresnius Jigger.
“Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them,” by Newt Scamander.
“The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection,” by Quentin Trimble. Other equipment:
1 Wand
a pewter, size 2, Cauldron
a set of glass or crystal vials
1 telescope
1 set of brass scales
Students can also bring an owl, cat or toad. After obtaining what is needed for classes, players were able to attend a potions class, duel with other students in the great hall, and interact in the common rooms. The journey also gives players exclusive information, not previously revealed by Rowling, that includes over 18,000 words of additional content.
However, as of 2015, players on the website were shut out, so it could be overhauled. Unfortunately, most of the fun features were removed. Now, the site is for informational purposes and interaction with class peers. However, visitors are still sorted into houses and matched with a wand.
The Magical Giving Side of J.K. Rowling Rowling dropped off the Forbes billionaire list in 2012, for two reasons; she donated an estimated $160 million to charity and Britain’s high tax rates. Moreover, Rowling’s reputation for bestowing her wealth is insurmountable and causes fans to wonder why she has given so much of her earnings to those in need. Her answer was simple and heartfelt:
I think you have a moral responsibility when you’ve been given far more than you need, to do wise things with it and give intelligently.
Rowling donated to the Multiple Sclerosis Society, the Children’s High-Level Group, now known as Lumos, after the spell of light from her Harry Potter series. She has also helped finance the building of a regenerative neurology clinic, in Scotland. These are a few charities Rowling has helped financially.
Through her books, Rowling brought magical beings and creatures to the imaginations of children and adults, which in turn, allowed her to bring help to those in need through the proceeds. She is the light of inspiration to all of those around her.
By Tracy Blake
Sources:
Pottermore: Pottermore
Mirror: Filming begins on J.K. Rowling’s crime novel The Cuckoo Calling for BBC adaptation
IMDb: J.K. Rowling
Fandom: Supply List
Snopes.com: A popular Internet meme says ‘Harry Potter’ author J.K. Rowling dropped off the Forbes billionaires list because she gave so much money to charity.
Featured and   Jeff Krause’ Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
First Inline Image Courtesy of groundpig.geo’s Flickr Page – Creative Common License
Second Inline Image Courtesy of pammielou’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Third Inline Image Courtesy of until_fullmoon’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    Fantastic Beasts , Harry Potter , rowling , spot",0
12979,"Your Wednesday Evening Briefing: Donald Trump, Elizabeth II, Harriet Tubman - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Definitive wins in New York on Tuesday send Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump into next week’s primary contests with the wind in their sails. Voters in Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Rhode Island and Pennsylvania will head to the polls on Tuesday. _____ 2. Shortly after casting a ballot for himself on Tuesday, Mr. Trump sat down with Times journalists for a lengthy interview, presenting a softer and seemingly humbler side. Regarding the past year, he said: “My life is winning. I win. I know how to win. Most people don’t know how to win. In golf, in sports, in life  —   I win, always. Better knock on wood. ” And then he did. He knocked on his desk. _____ 3. American money is getting a makeover. Harriet Tubman, an   who ferried thousands of slaves to freedom, will replace the slaveholding Andrew Jackson on the center of a new $20 note. And while a woman was also expected to front the $10 bill, the rap musical “Hamilton” seems to have protected Alexander Hamilton’s place on it. Women will be represented on the back instead, and on the back of the $5 bill. _____ 4. As many as 500 people may have died when a boat carrying migrants capsized in the Mediterranean last week, the United Nations refugee agency said after interviews with 41 survivors. That would constitute the worst humanitarian calamity in Europe’s migrant crisis since last April, when more than 800 people died off the coast of Libya. _____ 5. The first criminal charges over lead contamination in Flint’s water were filed against three government employees in Michigan. Two of them, state officials, are accused of misleading the federal Environmental Protection Agency about how the city was treating lead levels after switching its water supply to save money. Above is Michael Glasgow, the city’s utilities manager, who faces a mix of felony and misdemeanor charges. _____ 6. Five former police officers involved in the shooting deaths of two unarmed people after Hurricane Katrina pleaded guilty in federal court, ending a wrenching   saga that shocked and sickened people long before Ferguson and Baltimore became bywords in national debates on the use of force by the police. They each received significantly less prison time than they originally faced. _____ 7. President Obama arrived in Saudi Arabia barely a day after publicly supporting the release of documents that could implicate Saudi officials in the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, but administration officials said that wasn’t mentioned during his meeting with King Salman. The two leaders met amid deepening tensions over delicate issues like the Iran nuclear deal and the fight against terrorism. _____ 8. It’s been two years since the militant group Boko Haram abducted 276 Nigerian schoolgirls, and while U. S. officials say they have located clusters of the hostages, rescue operations have not been carried out. Fear of putting the captives at risk or inciting retaliation against hostages in other areas is holding up the efforts, but officials insist that plans to free the girls have not been abandoned. _____ 9. Surprise! College applications aren’t getting less stressful. With the admissions season just about wrapped up, many colleges are saying it was their most selective year yet. The heightened competition, or at least the perception of it, is driving students to apply to more institutions. But all the anxiety may be an overreaction: The average acceptance rate has remained stable. _____ 10. Happy Birthday to Queen Elizabeth II, who turns 90 years old on Thursday. In Britain, the bars (excuse us, pubs) will be open longer, and celebrations will extend beyond this week. But the Indian government wants something back from the British royal family: a 105.  diamond that some say was a gift and others say was stolen. Above, the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II in 1953. _____ 11. The market for meteorites is tough right now. Several space rocks  —   including one that kind of looks like a piece of pizza, above  —   were up for auction on Wednesday, but many didn’t sell. Perhaps the prices were a bit out of this world. _____ 12. Lastly, go wash your hands. Differently. A recent study of two techniques  —   a simple,   method recommended by the C. D. C. versus a more complicated method recommended by the World Health Organization  —   found the more complicated one to be better. And both methods involved sanitizer, not soap. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
12980,Shocking Video: Machine Refuses To Allow Vote For Trump in Pennsylvania | EndingFed News Network,"Email Print Option stuck on Clinton/Kaine Video footage posted on Twitter shows an African-American man attempting to vote for Donald Trump in Pennsylvania but the voting machine refusing to select any other option than Hillary Clinton. this is what I was talking about, they fixed it but it was on some nut shit at first. pic.twitter.com/GO5Y9FCnYN 
— ædonis | hotep (@lordaedonis) November 8, 2016 “This is what I was talking about, they fixed it but it was on some nut sh*t at first,” the man tweeted, adding that a poll worker helped him fix the problem. “LOL funny that the “errors” and “calibration” always favors the Statists. Things that make you go hmmmm….,” responded another Twitter user. The African-American voter said he complained that the polling station appeared to be using old machines. “I just thought about it, I didn’t have to show ID to vote either,” he subsequently tweeted. 
CBS News reports that Trump voters in Pennsylvania are seeing their votes switched to Hillary Clinton. 
“I went back, pressed Trump again. Three times I did this, so then I called one of the women that were working the polls over. And she said you must be doing it wrong. She did it three times and it defaulted to Hillary every time,” Bobbie Lee Hawranko said. As we reported earlier , Trump supporters are also seeing voting machines change their votes in Philadelphia while others have been harassed. 
If you haven’t checked out and liked our Facebook page, please go here and do so. Leave a comment... ",0
12981,Top 7 Conservative Manifesto Pledges to Worry Brexiteers,"The Conservative Party manifesto, ‘Forward, Together’ unveiled Thursday represents a clear pitch to the   of British politics, with its emphasis on a strong government shepherding the country forward. [Peppered with sentences such as: “We know that our responsibility to one another is greater than the rights we hold as individuals,” (page 9) the manifesto is sure to raise eyebrows amongst ardent Thatcherites.  But as well as being a clear and decisive departure from Lady Thatcher’s legacy, the manifesto is also a barometer of how the Tories intend to manage Brexit. Here, we run through the pledges most likely to worry Brexiteers. 1. That ECHR pledge, As home secretary, Theresa May made much of her opposition to the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) having seen how it hampered her ability to extradite extremists. In April 2016, just months before the Brexit referendum, she even went so far as to say: “The ECHR can bind the hands of parliament, adds nothing to our prosperity, makes us less secure by preventing the deportation of dangerous foreign nationals  —   and does nothing to change the attitudes of governments like Russia’s when it comes to human rights. “So regardless of the EU referendum, my view is this: if we want to reform human rights laws in this country, it isn’t the EU we should leave but the ECHR and the jurisdiction of its court. ” That position has been entirely reversed in the manifesto, which promises not to bring the European Union’s Charter of Fundamental Rights into UK law, but adds: “We will not repeal or replace the Human Rights Act while the process of Brexit is underway. ” And, of course, it adds: “We will remain signatories to the European Convention on Human Rights for the duration of the next parliament. ” (Page 37) 2. Immigration, The manifesto states the current annual net migration rate of 273, 000 “is still too high” and pledges to reduce immigration both from without the EU and within  —   “while still allowing us to attract the skilled workers our economy needs”. (page 55). In February, Brexit minister David Davis admitted, however, there was little Government appetite to reduce   immigration. “In the hospitality sector, hotels and restaurants, in the social care sector, working in agriculture, it will take time [to set limits]  —   it will be years and years before we get British citizens to do those jobs,” he said. 3. Picking winners, One of the major objections to the EU’s interference in the commerce is its tendency to pick winners, propping up fashionable yet unsustainable industries such as green energy. If British voters thought that would come to an end outside the EU, they will be sorely disappointed. “Our modern industrial strategy [  …    ] is not about picking winners, propping up failing industries, or bringing back old companies from the dead. It is about identifying the industries that are of strategic value to our economy and supporting and promoting them through policies on trade, tax, infrastructure, skills, training, and research and development,” the manifesto states. (page 19) In other words, it’s not about picking winners, it’s about  …     picking winners. “So we have launched a new £23 billion National Productivity Investment Fund. The government will target this spending at areas that are critical for productivity. ” (page 20) 4. Government funded research and development. One of the key cries from Remainers during the referendum was “what will we do without EU spending on research and development?” Well don’t worry  —   the Conservatives plan to step in and fill the breach. “We will spend more on research and development, to turn brilliant discoveries into practical products and transform the world’s industries  —   such as the batteries that will power a new generation of clean, efficient, electric vehicles. ” (page 19) “Our ambition is for Britain to lead the world in electric vehicle technology and use. We want almost every car and van to be   by 2050  —   and will invest £600 million by 2020 to help achieve it. We will invest in more   buses, as well as supporting   displays for bus passengers and community minibuses for rural areas poorly served by public transport. ” (page 24) 5.   Speaking of electric vehicles, a central plank of EU ideology is environmentalism, particularly the sort that likes to tackle climate change through high taxes. Good news for Remainers  —   the Conservatives are fully signed up on that front too: “The United Kingdom will lead the world in environmental protection. As Conservatives, we are committed to leaving the environment in better condition than we inherited it. That is why we will continue to take a lead in global action against climate change, as the government demonstrated by ratifying the Paris Agreement. We were the first country to introduce a Climate Change Act, which Conservatives helped to frame, and we are halfway towards meeting our 2050 goal of reducing emissions by eighty per cent from 1990 levels. “We will champion greater conservation   within international bodies, protecting rare species, the polar regions and international waters. We will work with our Overseas Territory governments to create a Blue Belt of marine protection in their precious waters, establishing the largest marine sanctuaries anywhere in the world. ” (page 40) 6. Progressive politics in the workplace  …     In 2015, the Conservative Government under David Cameron fought off a Commission proposal to force FTSE companies to make 40 per cent of their boards female. But the Conservatives propose to carry forward the EU tradition of meddling in the workplace, adopting EU workers’ rights legislation wholesale, and setting quotas on pay. “We believe people should be rewarded for their talents and efforts but the public is rightly affronted by the remuneration of some corporate leaders. “The next Conservative government will legislate to make executive pay packages subject to strict annual votes by shareholders and listed companies will have to publish the ratio of executive pay to broader UK workforce pay. Companies will have to explain their pay policies, particularly complex incentive schemes, better. ” (page 18) 7.   …    and beyond. “We will push forward with our plan for tackling hate crime committed on the basis of religion, disability, sexual orientation or transgender identity. ” (page 40)",0
12982,Belgium’s Transportation Minister Resigns Amid Outcry - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   The transportation minister of Belgium resigned on Friday, after the publication of leaked reports from the European Commission warning of security deficiencies at Brussels Airport, the site of two deadly terrorist bombings on March 22. The minister, Jacqueline Galant, is the   Belgian official to lose her job as a result of the attacks. The country’s interior and justice ministers offered their resignations shortly after the assaults, acknowledging lapses in intelligence sharing and law enforcement, but Prime Minister Charles Michel asked them to stay. On Friday, Mr. Michel said that King Philippe had accepted Ms. Galant’s resignation. He said she had “undertaken several bold reforms,” and thanked her for her service. Ms. Galant came under heavy criticism this week, with opposition lawmakers demanding that she go. The tipping point may have come Thursday, when Laurent Ledoux, president of the Federal Public Service for Mobility and Transport, resigned, saying he could no longer work for her. On Thursday night, Mr. Ledoux, a civil servant, supplied documents to the state broadcaster, RTBF, which appeared to show that Ms. Galant had been notified of security problems at Brussels Airport, which was targeted along with the Maelbeek subway station, in assaults that left 32 people dead, along with three attackers. He openly accused Mr. Michel and Ms. Galant of misleading the public by not acknowledging that they knew about the reports. The documents Mr. Ledoux disclosed showed that in February, he asked for more employees and resources to tighten checks at Belgian airports. He requested a share of the 400 million euros, or about $450 million, that the Belgian government pledged after the terrorist attacks in and around Paris on Nov. 13, which killed 130 people. Mr. Ledoux said Ms. Galant “systematically” disregarded his request. He also criticized the Belgocontrol, the air traffic control agency, whose staff members went on strike shortly after the airport reopened to protest plans to raise the age at which employees may retire with pensions. Ms. Galant, in tendering her resignation, described Mr. Ledoux as being disgruntled and having a political agenda. “For three years, he has waged a media campaign to cast discredit on my entire administration,” she said. “He is profiting by taking advantage of the worrying times to make accusations and confuse the facts. ” The dispute holds partisan dimensions. On Wednesday, two opposition parties released an internal European Union report from last April citing security deficiencies at the airport. That report, however, focused on security screening. The recent attacks took place in the departure hall, which was not covered in the report. Ms. Galant denied neglecting airport security. “In fact, if there was ever an area to which I always paid attention, it was this one,” she said Friday. Also on Friday, the British authorities announced the arrests of five people from Birmingham, England, on   charges. Four of them  —   three men, ages 26, 40 and 59, and a woman, 29  —   were arrested Thursday night in Birmingham, and a    man was arrested early Friday at Gatwick Airport, south of London, said the West Midlands Police. The police agency’s counterterrorism unit  —   working with MI5, Britain’s domestic intelligence agency, and Belgian and French authorities  —   acted “to address any associated threat to the U. K. following the attacks in Europe,” the West Midlands Police said.",0
12983,“La casa museo de Lydia Bosch: La colección más completa de objetos de la actriz”,"«La colección más completa de objetos de la actriz» 
★★★ 
El Patronato de Preservación de la Imagen de Lydia Bosch ha abierto este museo en la misma casa que Lydia compartió con su primer novio, Chema, de 1983 a 1984. La exposición cuenta con el traje que Bosch llevaba cuando era azafata del “Un, dos, tres…” (así como un pañuelo con lágrimas de su primera bronca de Chicho Ibáñez Serrador), comida que robó de la cocina de “Médico de familia” y todo el papeleo de su divorcio de Miki Molina. Mi hija me comentó que el lavabo de chicas también era una metáfora de la carrera de Lydia, ya que fue incapaz de encontrar ningún tipo de papel. 
FRANCISCO MÉNDEZ «Barcelona no es sólo playa» 
★★★★ 
Algo alejado del centro (una agradable caminata de 126 horas, o 124 a paso ligero), Madrid es un barrio que bien merece una visita aparte. Con la masificación turística, muchos ciudadanos han optado por mudarse a las afueras. Me sorprendió que no llegara el metro, quizá por ello Madrid sigue siendo uno de esos barrios por descubrir. Sus callejones estrechos, como La Castellana; sus jardincillos como El Retiro, o su propio Chinatown: Lavapiés. No olvide probar las joyas culinarias catalanas como el calçot circular (conocido como porras), el pantumaca (bocadillo de calamares) o los panellets (cemento armado con piñones por encima). 
JOAQUINA VISCOCHÉ",0
12984,"Yevgeny Yevtushenko, Poet Who Stirred a Generation of Soviets, Dies at 83 - The New York Times","Yevgeny Yevtushenko, an internationally acclaimed poet with the charisma of an actor and the instincts of a politician whose defiant verse inspired a generation of young Russians in their fight against Stalinism during the Cold War, died on Saturday in Tulsa, Okla. where he had been teaching for many years. He was 83. His death, in a hospital, was confirmed by a close friend, Mikhail Morgulis, with the TASS news agency. It said he had been admitted late Friday in “serious condition,” but the cause of death was not specified. His wife, Maria Novikova, and their two sons, Dmitry and Yevgeny, were reportedly with him when he died. Mr. Yevtushenko’s poems of protest, often declaimed with sweeping gestures to thousands of excited admirers in public squares, sports stadiums and lecture halls, captured the tangled emotions of Russia’s young  —   hope, fear, anger and euphoric anticipation  —   as the country struggled to free itself from repression during the tense, confused years after Joseph Stalin’s death in 1953. In 1961 alone Mr. Yevtushenko gave 250 poetry readings. He became, as one writer described him, “a graying lion of Russian letters” in his later years, teaching and lecturing at American universities, including the University of Tulsa, and basking in the admiration of succeeding generations before and after the collapse of the Soviet Union. But it was as a tall, athletic young Siberian with a spirit both hauntingly poetic and fiercely political that he established his name in   literature. He was the best known of a small group of rebel poets and writers who brought hope to a young generation with poetry that took on totalitarian leaders, ideological zealots and timid bureaucrats. Among the others were Andrei Voznesensky, Robert Rozhdestvensky and Bella Akhmadulina, Mr. Yevtushenko’s first wife. Mr. Yevtushenko did so working mostly within the system, however, taking care not to join the ranks of outright literary dissidents. By stopping short of the line between defiance and resistance, he enjoyed a measure of official approval that more daring dissidents came to resent. While they were subjected to exile or labor camps, Mr. Yevtushenko was given state awards, his books were regularly published, and he was allowed to travel abroad, becoming an international literary superstar. Some critics had doubts about his sincerity as a foe of tyranny. Some called him a sellout. A few enemies even suggested that he was merely posing as a protester to serve the security police or the Communist authorities. The exiled poet Joseph Brodsky once said of Mr. Yevtushenko, “He throws stones only in directions that are officially sanctioned and approved. ” Mr. Yevtushenko’s defenders bristled at such attacks, pointing out how much he did to oppose the Stalin legacy, his animus fueled by the knowledge that both of his grandfathers had perished in Stalin’s purges of the 1930s. He was expelled from his university in 1956 for joining the defense of a banned novel, Vladimir Dudintsev’s “Not by Bread Alone. ” He refused to join in the official campaign against Boris Pasternak, the author of “Doctor Zhivago” and the recipient of the 1958 Nobel Prize in Literature. Mr. Yevtushenko denounced the invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968 interceded with the K. G. B. chief, Yuri V. Andropov, on behalf of another Nobel laureate, Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn and opposed the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979. Mr. Yevtushenko wrote thousands of poems, including some shallow ones that he dashed off, he admitted, just to mark an occasion. Some critics questioned the literary quality of his work. Some writers resented his flamboyance, sartorial and otherwise, and his success. But his foes as well as his friends agreed that a select few of his poems have entered the annals of Russian literature as masterpieces of insight and conscience. Written and read to crowds at critical moments, Yevtushenko poems like “Stalin’s Heirs” caught the spirit of a nation at a crossroads. In Russia, writers could be more influential at times than politicians. But they could also be severely rebuffed if they offended, as Pasternak did with his novel “Doctor Zhivago,” and as Solzhenitsyn did with “The Gulag Archipelago” and other works.   lingered in the Kremlin after Stalin’s death. In one instance, nervous officials thwarted efforts to raise a monument at Babi Yar, a ravine near Kiev, Ukraine, where thousands of Jews were   and buried in a mass grave in 1941 by the invading Germans. The reason the Kremlin said it resisted a memorial was that the Germans had shot other people there, too, not only Jews. Mr. Yevtushenko tackled the issue in 1961 in blunt verse that stunned many Russians and earned him acclaim around the world. The poem “Babi Yar,” composed after a haunting visit to the ravine, included these lines: There are no monuments over Babi Yar. But the sheer cliff is like a rough tombstone. It horrifies me. Today, I am as oldAs the Jewish people. It seems to me now, That I, too, am a Jew. Alluding to the pogroms that erupted at intervals over the centuries, Mr. Yevtushenko went on: It seems to me, I am a boy in Byelostok. Blood is flowing, Spreading across the floors. The leaders of the tavern mob are ragingAnd they stink of vodka and onions. Kicked aside by a boot, I lie helpless. In vain I plead with the brutesAs voices roar:“Kill the Jews! Save Russia!” In a country ruled by Marxist myth, ostensibly free of bigotry, “Babi Yar” touched nerves in the leadership, and it was amended to meet official objections. Even so, it moved audiences. Whenever Mr. Yevtushenko recited the poem at public rallies, it was met with stunned silence and then thunderous ovations. He wrote once that he had received 20, 000 letters hailing “Babi Yar. ” Dmitri Shostakovich composed his Thirteenth Symphony on lines from that and other Yevtushenko poems. But Mr. Yevtushenko was not allowed to give a public reading of the poem in Ukraine until the 1980s. “Stalin’s Heirs,” published in 1962, also stirred Russians, appearing at a time when they feared that   repression might return to the country. It was published only after Nikita S. Khrushchev, the   party leader who was then involved in a power struggle with conservatives, intervened as he pushed his cultural “thaw. ” Stalin had been condemned anew the year before as having been a mad tyrant. The poem appeared in Pravda, the Communist Party’s official newspaper, and caused a sensation. “Stalin’s Heirs” opens with a description of Stalin’s body being borne in his coffin out of the Red Square mausoleum to a grave near the Kremlin wall. Sullenly clenchingHis embalmed fists, He peered through a crack, Just pretending to be dead. He wanted to remember all thoseWho carried him out. Mr. Yevtushenko went on: I turn to our government with a plea:To double, And triple the guard at the grave siteSo Stalin does not rise again, And with Stalin, the past. And later, the main point of the poem: We removedHimFrom the mausoleum. But how do we remove StalinFrom Stalin’s heirs? By the time democratic changes brought down Soviet Communist rule early in the 1990s, Mr. Yevtushenko had risen in the reform system to become a member of Parliament and secretary of the official Union of Soviet Writers. Along the way he received high honors, was published in the best periodicals and was sent abroad as an envoy of good will. He also endured abuse, jealousy, frustration and censorship. He once joked that Moscow censors were his best readers, the most expert at catching his meanings and nuances. Yevgeny Aleksandrovich Gangnus was born on July 18, 1933, in Zima Junction, a remote lumber station on the   Railway in the Irkutsk region of Siberia, near Lake Baikal. His father, Aleksandr Rudolfovich Gangnus, was a geologist, as was his mother, Zinaida Ermolaevna Evtushenko, who became a singer. His parents divorced, and the boy took his mother’s surname. Yevgeny spent his early childhood with his mother in Moscow. When German troops approached the city in late 1941, the family was evacuated to Zima and stayed there until 1944. Yevgeny’s father would sometimes take the boy on geology expeditions to wild regions of Kazakhstan and the Altai Mountains and, along the way, recite poetry to him. Yevgeny learned to love nature and literature. He was also drawn to sports. At 16 he was selected to join a professional soccer team. But sudden literary success compelled him to abandon that ambition. Soon his poems began appearing in newspapers, popular magazines and literary monthlies. The authorities praised his early poems, which he later called “hack work,” and he was admitted to the elite Gorky Literary Institute and to the Soviet Writers’ Union. But after Stalin’s death  —   Mr. Yevtushenko was almost crushed to death in a funeral stampede in Moscow  —   his work began to run counter to Soviet Realism, the officially sanctioned artistic style it reflected instead new thinking about individual responsibility and the state. Themes of state repression and fear had recurred in his poetry over the years, but he also began introducing personal matters into it, as he did in his long poem “Zima Junction,” about a return to his hometown in 1953. Published in 1956, it was followed by more volumes of poetry that refused to conform to the approved modes of expression. After he praised “Not by Bread Alone,” Dudintsev’s caustic 1956 novel about Soviet life, Mr. Yevtushenko was expelled from the Literary Institute. But as the 1950s grew to a close, he had published seven volumes of poetry and was allowed to read his work abroad. In the next few years he became familiar to literary circles in Eastern and Western Europe, the United States, Cuba, East Africa and Australia. Indeed, a virtual cult began to develop around him after Time magazine put his portrait, as an “angry young man,” on its cover in April 1962 and printed a laudatory article about him as a leading spirit in a changing, liberalizing Russia. For his part, Mr. Yevtushenko stressed that American writers had been important in his literary development. Later that year, he exchanged words with Khrushchev at a Moscow exhibit of contemporary art. Khrushchev, who had simple tastes and was facing serious political challenges, flew into a rage against abstractionism and made threats of coercion. A   crackdown on modern art, literature and music was felt soon after the confrontation. Mr. Yevtushenko kept a loyal following, writing about nearly everything of importance at home and abroad. He paid tribute to Senator Robert F. Kennedy and the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. after they were assassinated. He honored Allison Krause, one of the students shot to death at Kent State University during a Vietnam War protest. He chided John Steinbeck for not protesting the war in Vietnam. In the poem “Russian Tanks in Prague,” he criticized the   invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968. (It was circulated only hand to hand, going unpublished until 1990.) In the   Mr. Yevtushenko championed the glasnost campaign of “openness” waged by the Soviet leader Mikhail S. Gorbachev. In a speech to the Writers’ Union, Mr. Yevtushenko assailed privilege, censorship and the distortion of history. He was a member of the first freely elected Supreme Soviet, the country’s standing Parliament. He went on to publicly defy the   conservative plotters of an attempt to seize power in 1991. The coup attempt, which temporarily deposed Mr. Gorbachev, sent a shock wave across Russia and around the world. Mr. Yevtushenko was later given a medal as a “Defender of Free Russia. ” The upheaval became the backdrop for “Don’t Die Before You’re Dead,” one of two novels he wrote. Mr. Yevtushenko did not write only about political and social issues. He composed verses on love, nature, art, travel and the various pains and joys of life. In 1956, for example, while married to Bella Akhmadulina, he wrote “My Beloved Will Come”: My beloved will comeAnd wrap me in her arms. She will notice the changesAnd understand my fears. Through the black downpour, from night’s gloom, Forgetting in haste to shut the taxi door, She will run up the decrepit stairwayFlushed with joy and longing. She will enter soaking wetWithout knocking. She will take my head in her hands, And her blue fur coat will slipHappily from the chair onto the floor. Mr. Yevtushenko had four marriages. He married Galina Semenova after he and Ms. Akhmadulina divorced. (Ms. Akhmadulina died in 2010.) His third wife, Jan Butler, was an English translator of his poetry. His widow, Ms. Novikova, whom he married in 1986, has taught Russian at a preparatory school near the University of Tulsa. Besides Alexander and Dmitry, he had three other sons, Yevgeny, Pyotr and Anton. A complete list of survivors was not immediately available. Mr. Yevtushenko kept homes in Russia and in the United States and, besides the University of Tulsa, taught at the the City University of New York and New York University (where one student remembered him dressed in silver suits “stalking back and forth across the front of the lecture hall” as he read his poems in “booming Russian”). He traveled widely, reading his poetry, lecturing, teaching and giving speeches to overflow crowds at universities. Through it all, Mr. Yevtushenko regarded himself as a patriot. In “Don’t Die Before You’re Dead,” he summed up his ambivalent feelings of triumph, nostalgia and remorse as a survivor of the defunct Soviet system. In a poem on the final page, “Goodbye, Our Red Flag,” he wrote: I didn’t take the czars’ Winter Palace. I didn’t storm Hitler’s Reichstag. I am not what you call a “Commie. ”But I caress the Red Flagand cry. Poetry made him famous, but Mr. Yevtushenko preferred in his later years to describe himself as a “poet, writer and filmmaker. ” Besides the two novels, he published dozens of volumes of poetry, which have been translated into dozens of languages. He acted or appeared as himself in several films, directed two others, wrote essays and compiled three volumes of his photographs. He preferred Oklahoma to New York. “In some provincial cities you can find the real soul of a country,” he told The New York Times in 2003. “I like the craziness of New York, but New York is really not America. It’s all humanity in one drop. Tulsa is very American. ” He called Tulsa “the bellybutton of world culture. ” There he enjoyed watching younger generations coming into their own. “Someone is near,” he said to one class in dramatic tones. “I feel it. Someone always has to be the leader of a generation. Someone has to be born. Why not one of you?” He had shown the same fervor a decade earlier, in July 1993, when the Concert Hall of the Rossiya Hotel in Moscow was the setting for a celebration of his 60th birthday and, by extension, a testimonial to the defiant poets and writers of the 1960s who had broken through the iron grip of Stalinism. “Today you, one of the initiators of the Sixties movement, turn 60,” President Boris N. Yeltsin wrote in a congratulatory letter to Mr. Yevtushenko. “Your innate, multifaceted talent arose brightly in the   years of the ‘thaw.’ The civic consciousness of young poets then played a huge role in the spiritual liberation and awakening of the people of Russia. ” A   woman agreed, telling a reporter: “He was a symbol for us then. Later he was attacked for not being exiled or sent to the camps, for making a career of protest. But not many of us had the courage to stand up to the regime, and he did. You can’t blame him that he survived. ” Mr. Yevtushenko, still the   in a brown silk suit, closed the evening by reading a poem called “Sixties Generation”: “We were a fad for some, some we offended with our fame. But we set you free, you envious insulters. Let them hiss, that we are without talent, Sold out and hypocrites, It makes no difference. We are legendary, Spat upon, but immortal!”",0
12985,JUST IN: ACLU Makes FULL PAGE Donald Trump Announcement Via New York Times (IMAGE),"0 1949 
The ACLU has got a few words for America’s newest elected “leader,” and the letter they just published through the NY Times, is probably the most amazing jab in the history of politics. It doesn’t hurt that the jab came from the American Civil Liberties Union, because the power behind the letter is what makes it so ominous to the president-elect. 
The letter begins with a request for Trump to “change course” on many of the claims he has made in his extremely short political career. 
“Dear President-Elect Trump, 
For nearly 100 years, the ACLU has stood as this nation’s premier defender of freedom and justice for all. 
As you assume the nation’s highest office, we must ask you now as president-elect to reconsider and change course on certain campaign promises you have made. 
Specifically, you promised to: amass deportation force to remove 11 million undocumented immigrants ban the entry of Muslims and institute aggressive surveillance programs targeting them restrict a woman’s right to abortion services reauthorize waterboarding and other forms of torture change our nation’s libel laws and restrict freedom of expression” 
As if this statement alone wasn’t enough of a threat, the ACLU continues: 
“These proposals are not simply un-American and wrong-headed. They are unlawful and unconstitutional, and would violate the First, Fourth, Fifth, Eighth, and Fourteenth Amendments of the Constitution, as well as other statutes and international treaties.” 
“Many of our country’s most cherished rights are the result of ACLU litigation and advocacy. They include the Scopes trial (the right to teach evolution in public science classrooms) and the following Supreme Court cases: Korematsu (challenging Japanese American internment); Miranda (the right to remain silent); Griswold (the right to contraception); Loving (the right of interracial couples to marry); Gideon (the right to a court-appointed attorney if you can’t afford one); Windsor (striking down the federal Defense of Marriage Act); and Obergefell (the right of same-sex couples to marry) and others. We have worked with and battled American presidents of both parties to ensure that our country makes good on it’s founding premise as the land of the free.” 
In the end of the open letter, the ACLU promises to make Trump’s life a nightmare if he continues to pave his road to concentration camp hell. They say Trump will have the full firepower of the ACLU to deal with if he doesn’t wise up. 
They letter concludes: 
“If you do not reverse course and endeavor to make these campaign promises a reality, you will have to contend with the full firepower of the ACLU at your every step. Our staff of litigators and activists in every state, thousands of volunteers, and millions of supporters stand ready to fight against any encroachment on our cherished freedoms and rights.” 
“One thing is certain: We will be vigilant every day of your tenure as president. And when you ultimately vacate the Oval Office, we will do likewise with your successor.” Today we published a full-page open letter in the New York Times to President-elect Trump pic.twitter.com/FOpRqn9oNY 
— ACLU National (@ACLU) November 11, 2016 Share this Article!",0
12986,Cubs Defeat Dodgers to Clinch First Pennant Since 1945 - The New York Times,"CHICAGO  —   David Ross, the grandfatherly catcher, admits to never having paid much attention in history class. Kris Bryant, the precocious young slugger, isn’t much for math, struggling to count back the years since the Chicago Cubs last won a World Series. For a franchise so saddled by its own history  —   of bad baseball, bad breaks and billy goat curses  —   the latest iteration of the Cubs has carried on in a blissful cocoon of ignorance. “History doesn’t really weigh on this club,” Theo Epstein, the Cubs’ president for baseball operations, said before Game 6 on Saturday. “We’re just trying to win tonight’s game. These guys, a lot of them are in their early 20s, and they’re not burdened by that stuff. The organization isn’t. It’s just about trying to win and keeping it simple. ” In the end, doing simple better, to use one of Manager Joe Maddon’s pet phrases, carried the Cubs all the way to the World Series for the first time since 1945. The Cubs got there with a   victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers and their fearsome ace, Clayton Kershaw. The Cubs jumped on him early, added home runs from Willson Contreras and Anthony Rizzo, and protected the lead with artful pitching from Kyle Hendricks, who allowed just two hits over seven and a third innings. The Cubs’ opponent in the World Series will be another team with a history of hard luck: the Cleveland Indians, who have not won a championship since 1948. Their futility, of course, pales next to that of the Cubs, who have not won a World Series since 1908. But when the Series begins in Cleveland on Tuesday night, someone’s long wait will be near an end. “Magic number’s four  —   four games,” Rizzo said. “Cleveland, that city is deserving of the World Series, too. This is going to be a clash of two cities with a long drought and this is really good for baseball. It’s going to be amazing. ” When a    double play ended it  —   Russell to Baez to Rizzo echoing Tinkers to Evers to Chance  —   the Cubs poured out of the   dugout and mobbed each other on the infield as Wrigley Field shook to its   foundation. For close to an hour, most of the capacity crowd stayed in place, soaking in the scene and singing along with the team’s victory anthems  —   “Go Cubs Go” and “Sweet Home Chicago”  —   as the players celebrated on the field. “There’s a lot of pent up angst and emotion in this city and really all over this nation, Cubs fans that have been loyal over the years,” left fielder Ben Zobrist said. “We know that, but the bottom line is you have to execute at the right time and stay here in 2016. These guys have done it all year long with all the expectations on our backs. ” The Cubs rolled to the best   record in the major leagues, winning 103 games and clinching a division title with more than two weeks to play, but they have had to prove their mettle in the playoffs. In their division series, they rallied from three runs down in the ninth inning to finish off   San Francisco, which had won a record 10 consecutive elimination games. And in the National League Championship Series, after being shut out in    games, the Cubs bounced back from a     deficit. The pivot point for the turnaround was a fittingly simple play: Zobrist’s bunt, which was their first hit of Game 4. It started a   rally in the fourth inning, and the Cubs scored 23 runs in winning the final three games. “That’s the butterfly effect right there,” Maddon said. “It was a bunt this year. ” Although the Cubs were home on Saturday, with a loud, insistent Wrigley Field crowd urging them on, they knew it would not be easy to beat Kershaw, who had shut them out in Game 2 at Wrigley Field, allowing just two hits in seven innings. They would also have to beat back history. The last time the Cubs had been in this position  —   playing a Game 6 at home in 2003, needing one victory to capture the National League pennant  —   they had unraveled, blowing a   lead to the Florida Marlins after a fan named Steve Bartman interfered with a foul ball. On Saturday night, the seat down the   line that had been occupied by Bartman  —   Section 104, Row 8, Seat 113  —   was empty until just before game time. “I sat in it,” said Nancy Mazzone, whose seat was one row in front. “I felt   vibes. It’s all good. ” When a fan arrived to sit in the   Bartman seat, he identified himself as Bryan. He said he was 38 and worked for a   company, and he was wearing a No. 14 cap in deference to Ernie Banks, one of the great Cubs players who never made it to the World Series. Bryan was asked by one of a   reporters present if he knew the history of the seat he was now occupying. “I kind of do now,” he said. “We’re going to stay out of the way. ” The mix of anxiety and anticipation was hard to ignore as the crowd filtered into the old ballpark. The Cubs had been on the brink before, not just in 2003, but in 1984 when they needed one win over the San Diego Padres to reach the World Series, but lost three in a row. “I don’t want to have to say next year  —   not again,” said Kristine Fuller, 70, a retired nurse whose children chipped in to buy her a ticket to Saturday’s game. As it turned out, it was not the Cubs who were overcome by jitters, but the Dodgers. Left fielder Andrew Toles dropped a fly ball that led to a run in the first, and Josh Reddick was picked off first base in the second. The   Hendricks, who graduated from Dartmouth with an economics degree, has made a career out of a pinpoint but pedestrian fastball and operating in the shadows  —   all the way back to high school when it was his teammate, Tyler Matzek, who was chosen 11th overall in the draft. Hendricks had not lasted more than five and a third innings in four previous playoff starts, but he was masterly Saturday night. He allowed a single to Toles on the first pitch of the game, but on the second pitch, Hendricks, who induced more soft contact than any pitcher in baseball this season, got Corey Seager to ground into a double play. “Kyle pitched a perfect game,” Dodgers Manager Dave Roberts said. Hendricks did not allow another hit until Reddick singled with one out in the eighth. Maddon then strolled out to the mound to a chorus of boos and replaced Hendricks with closer Aroldis Chapman. The first batter Chapman faced  —     Howie Kendrick  —   hit a line drive that second baseman Javier Baez alertly fielded on a   instead of catching it on the fly, which allowed him to turn an easy double play and end the inning. “The outside forces felt different,” Hendricks said. “You felt the buzz around the stadium, definitely the energy. It was loud in there. At the end of the day, all I was trying to do was simplify and make good pitches. I was able to stay in that zone, kind of stay in my bubble. ” The Cubs showed no deference toward Kershaw, a   Cy Young Award winner. Dexter Fowler lofted a fly ball down the right side that bounced just inside the line and into the stands for a   double to start off the bottom of the first. Bryant followed with a   single to right, scoring Fowler with the only run the Cubs would need. After Toles dropped Rizzo’s fly ball, Zobrist hit a sacrifice fly to score Bryant, and the Cubs had what seemed like a gift: an early advantage that would limit any anxiety from the crowd. In the second, Fowler, a . 409 career hitter against Kershaw  —   the highest mark of any active player  —   hit a   single. That scored Addison Russell, who had rattled a double off the   wall, and gave the Cubs a   lead. Contreras hit a solo home run in the fourth, ripping a line drive down the line that he celebrated with a bat flip, although the ball barely cleared the wall. When Rizzo homered to   in the fifth, Kershaw sank to his knees and exclaimed, “No!” That made the score  . All that was left was for Hendricks to continue carving up the Dodgers and for Chapman to finish them off. The fans passed the time with a rousing “Take Me Out to the Ball Game” and rose to their feet for the entire top of the ninth, bellowing, “Let’s go, Cubbies. ” By then, there was little anxiety  —   only anticipation, with some fans wiping away tears and others crossing their fingers until, finally, Yasiel Puig hit a slow bouncing ball with one out. When Rizzo took the throw from Baez, who had been fed by Russell, the celebration that was generations in the making commenced. It seemed to be worth the wait.",0
12987,Queen Elizabeth II Makes First Public Appearance Since Dec. 9 - The New York Times,"Queen Elizabeth II made her first public appearance in almost a month on Sunday, allaying concerns about her health after she missed Christmas and New Year’s Day church services because of what Buckingham Palace described as a persistent cold. The queen, who will turn 91 in April, attended services at St. Mary Magdalene Church in Sandringham, England, with Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, and his wife, as well as several members of the Duchess of Cambridge’s family, including her sister, Pippa, and brother, James. Before Sunday, the queen, whose appearances are usually a staple of the holiday season, had not been seen in public since Dec. 9. Her absence on Christmas Day was the first time in 30 years that she had not attended the holiday service.   on social media celebrated the queen’s reappearance. “The Queen has been seen in public,” one Twitter user said. “Huge relief. I can sleep easy in my bed now. ” The queen’s   came several weeks after a widespread Twitter hoax started by a fake BBC account that convinced many of her fans that she had died. Despite feeling under the weather, the queen managed to record her traditional Christmas broadcast. “The message of Christmas reminds us that inspiration is a gift to be given as well as received, and that love begins small but always grows,” she said then. “I wish you all a very happy Christmas. ”",0
12988,"California Upholds Auto Emissions Standards, Setting Up Face-Off With Trump - The New York Times","California’s   agency voted on Friday to push ahead with stricter emissions standards for cars and trucks, setting up a potential legal battle with the Trump administration over the state’s plan to reduce   gases. The vote, by the California Air Resources Board, is the boldest indication yet of California’s plan to stand up to President Trump’s agenda. Leading politicians in the state, from the governor down to many mayors, have promised to lead the resistance to Mr. Trump’s policies. Mr. Trump, backing industry over environmental concerns, said easing emissions rules would help stimulate auto manufacturing. He vowed last week to loosen the regulations. Automakers are aggressively pursuing those changes after years of supporting stricter standards. But California can write its own standards because of a longstanding waiver granted under the Clean Air Act, giving the state  —   the country’s biggest auto market  —   major sway over the auto industry. Twelve other states, including New York and Pennsylvania, as well as Washington, D. C. follow California’s standards, a coalition that covers more than 130 million residents and more than a third of the vehicle market in the United States. “All of the evidence  —   call it science, call it economics  —   shows that if anything, these standards should be even more aggressive,” said the board member Daniel Sperling, a transportation expert at the University of California, Davis. The board’s chairwoman, Mary D. Nichols, an assistant administrator at the Environmental Protection Agency under President Bill Clinton, was even more pointed, admonishing automakers for milking Mr. Trump for favors. “What were you thinking when you threw yourselves upon the mercy of the Trump administration to try to solve your problems?” she asked. “Let’s take action today, and let’s move on. ” Long a forerunner in environmental regulation, California worked with the Obama administration on joint standards that became a crucial part of the country’s effort to combat climate change. Officials said the regulations would reduce the country’s oil consumption by 12 billion barrels and eliminate six billion metric tons of carbon dioxide pollution over the lifetime of the cars affected. That amounts to more than a year’s worth of America’s carbon emissions. Adopted in 2012, the standards would require automakers to nearly double the average fuel economy of new cars and trucks by 2025, to 54. 5 miles per gallon, forcing automakers to speed development of highly   vehicles, including hybrid and electric cars. Mr. Trump intends to lower that target. Friday’s unanimous vote by the   board, which affirmed the higher standards through 2025, amounted to a public rejection of Mr. Trump’s plans. Now, the question is how  —   or whether  —   the Trump administration will handle California’s dissent. The administration could choose to revoke California’s waiver, at which point experts expect the state would sue. California sued the George W. Bush administration after it challenged California’s waiver in 2007. Mr. Obama reversed the federal challenge. The White House and the E. P. A. which have not yet determined their plans for the California waiver, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Several states that follow California’s rules raced to its defense. “We’ve come a long way together,” said Steven Flint, director of the air resources division of the New York Department of Environmental Conservation. “We’re with you, and we believe in what you’re doing. ” Environmentalists and public health experts have criticized the automakers’ resistance to emissions rules under the Trump administration as an  . All major automakers previously voiced support for the more stringent standards. After the election of Mr. Trump, a group representing the nation’s biggest makers of cars and light trucks urged a reassessment of the emissions rules, which the group said posed a “substantial challenge” for the auto industry. Automakers now complain about the steep technical challenge that the stringent standards pose. They have estimated that only about 3. 5 percent of new vehicles are able to reach it, and that their industry would have to spend a “staggering” $200 billion by 2025 to comply. A separate study by the International Council on Clean Transportation, a think tank supporting emissions controls, has estimated that the cost of meeting those standards could be overstated by as much as 40 percent. And auto industry experts have warned that a slowdown in America’s shift toward efficient cars could leave its auto market a global laggard. John Bozzella, chief executive of Global Automakers, an industry trade group, said before the California vote that companies agreed on the need to continue to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and improve fuel economy. But he urged California to fall into line with federal rules. “There is a more effective way forward than regulatory systems that are different,” Mr. Bozzella said. He also suggested that demand for clean cars remained relatively tiny. What was required, he said, were standards that “balance innovation, compliance and consumer needs and wants. ” Automakers have also been critical of a California’s   vehicle program, which requires automakers to sell a certain percentage of electric cars and trucks in California and nine other states. The board voted on Friday to continue that program. Politicians in California, one of the country’s most Democratic states, have embraced acting as a bulwark against Mr. Trump’s policies, promising to defend the state’s laws on immigration, health care and the environment. Many cities in California have broad “sanctuary” policies aimed at protecting the rights of undocumented immigrants. State law also provides some protections for immigrants from being turned over to federal authorities for deportation. In addition, Gov. Jerry Brown, a Democrat, declared that California would continue to work toward its legally required target of reducing carbon emissions to 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2030. And the state has retained Eric H. Holder Jr. the former United States attorney general, to advise on potential legal fights with the White House. Even at the federal level, the president’s announcement alone will not be enough to immediately roll back emissions standards, a process expected to take more than a year of legal and regulatory reviews by the E. P. A. and the Transportation Department. The Trump administration would then need to propose its own replacement   standards. Still, the Trump administration’s move to ease emissions rules is the first part of an expected assault on Mr. Obama’s environmental legacy. In the coming weeks, Mr. Trump is also expected to announce that he will direct the E. P. A. to dismantle   regulations on pollution from   power plants. The E. P. A. administrator, Scott Pruitt, has said he does not think carbon dioxide is a primary cause of global warming, a statement at odds with the scientific consensus on climate change. Bonnie   of the American Lung Association of California, one of many health and environmental groups that spoke at the board meeting, said moving away from strict emissions standards would hurt public health and the health of the planet. She urged the state to stay its course. “The public is bearing a huge cost  —   billions of dollars in health expenses and damage from climate,” Ms.   said. “I urge California to keep us on track. ”",0
12989,Donald Trump’s Allies Battle for Favor of G.O.P. Givers He Mocked - The New York Times,"Carl Icahn was late, but he still had something to say. Wedging himself around a table crowded with Republican donors at a Hamptons beach house, he jumped in as Senator Mitch McConnell described how important it was to hold on to the Senate this fall. It was important to help Republicans hold the Senate, Mr. Icahn told the room. But they were kidding themselves if they thought they could leave Donald J. Trump twisting in the wind. “We have to get behind Trump,” Mr. Icahn said, according to two people who attended the event, held shortly after the Republican convention in Cleveland. “We all have to come together. ” In hotel suites and skyboxes, from K Street to the Texas suburbs, in conversations that are both urgent and strained, allies of Mr. Trump are imploring senior Republicans and senior party donors to come to Mr. Trump’s aid, despite a damaging series of   controversies that have left some in the party ready to abandon him. The goal is to persuade thousands of the party’s most reliable patrons to overcome their lingering objections to the candidate most of them never wanted, and to help defeat a Democrat most of them want even less. In the coming weeks, Mr. Trump and campaign officials will attend a string of     organized with the Republican National Committee, hitting the summer haunts of the     —   from East Hampton to the California wine country  —   in a   effort to tap into the party’s vast financial reserves. On Monday in Detroit, Mr. Trump is scheduled to unveil a set of detailed economic policy prescriptions, a speech his supporters hope will help Mr. Trump reset his campaign and remind wavering Republican donors of the stark contrast that he offers to Hillary Clinton on issues like taxes and regulation. “It’s somewhat of a natural evolution with the donor base,” said Gaylord T. Hughey Jr. an energy lawyer who formerly backed Jeb Bush and is now helping lead Mr. Trump’s   in Texas. “I think the traditional donor base was somewhat shocked by Trump’s nomination. They’re learning more about him, but they’re also focused on what the alternative is, and what the implications of the alternative are. ” It is a dizzying turnaround for everyone involved, several donors said in interviews. Aides and   for Mr. Trump, a   billionaire who has spent months proclaiming his independence from the party’s traditional financial interests, now concede that they need mainline Republican donors to swing behind Mr. Trump so that he will have enough financial firepower to compete with Mrs. Clinton in the air and on the ground. While Mr. Trump’s campaign has rapidly ramped up     bringing in $64 million jointly with the Republican committee through digital and direct mail appeals in July, he is lagging behind Mrs. Clinton on larger checks, particularly the   and   donations that wealthy donors make to party organizations. And just as he asks for help, the party’s establishment donors are reeling from Mr. Trump’s decision to pick fights with the family of a deceased Iraq war veteran and the popular Republican House speaker, Paul D. Ryan. Even so, many are grappling with the fact that he remains their only chance at keeping a Democrat out of the White House. But donors supportive of Mr. Trump said in interviews that they were encouraging their peers to consider the downside of a Clinton administration: a liberal Supreme Court and economic policies pushed to the left by Senator Bernie Sanders and the Democrats’ newly empowered progressive wing. “As he unfolds more details of his various policies, I believe the level of comfort will grow,” Wilbur L. Ross Jr. a New York investor and donor who held a   for Mr. Trump in July, said in an email. “More and more people are realizing that they shouldn’t be distracted by the sideshows that result from clever Democratic baiting of Trump,” he added. Some Trump backers argue that despite his criticisms of Washington, Mr. Trump is likely to lean heavily on conservative think tanks and   trade associations to stock his administration. Others are urging their fellow donors to face the hard truth that Mr. Trump thumped the donor class’s preferred candidates and earned the favor of Republican voters. Now, they say, it is time for the donors to respect the voters’ wishes. “In addition to fear of    policies under a President Hillary Clinton, there’s a certain earned respect for Trump among these people,” said Kellyanne Conway, an adviser to Mr. Trump who is close to some of the party’s biggest donors. “The difference with some of these other successful people is respect for people who elevated him to the nomination. ” There are plenty of vocal and visible holdouts. Paul E. Singer, the prominent New York investor who raised more than $3 million for Mitt Romney during the 2012 campaign, has conveyed to Republican officials that he would not donate a dollar more to the Republican National Committee as long as Mr. Trump was the party’s nominee. Other prominent donors spoke out last week after Mr. Trump’s belittling of the parents of Capt. Humayun Khan, who died in a car bombing in Iraq in 2004 while serving in the Army. Seth Klarman, a Boston financier who has given more than $4 million to Republican candidates and groups over the years, has decided to back Mrs. Clinton. So has Meg Whitman, the   executive who was a leading   for Mr. Romney’s campaign, and who said last week that Mr. Trump was a “dishonest demagogue. ” On Wednesday, Mr. Klarman said that Mr. Trump’s “words and actions over the last several days are so shockingly unacceptable in our diverse and democratic society that it is simply unthinkable that Donald Trump could become our president. ” Mr. Trump has also been abandoned by Charles G. and David H. Koch, the billionaire brothers who oversee a network of conservative political and philanthropic groups. Many of their allied donors traveled to a luxury resort in Colorado Springs last weekend for the summer edition of the network’s biannual “seminars. ” Mr. Ryan, who clashed with Mr. Trump last week before finally getting his endorsement Friday for   was invited to speak at the event. Mr. Trump was not  —   though some Trump supporters pressed his case at private meetings and cocktail hours. Doug Deason, a Dallas investor whose family is active in the Koch’s political network, urged Charles Koch to reconsider, Mr. Deason recalled in an interview. Mr. Koch declined. “I brought up the fact that it would be nice for him to at least say that he would vote for him,” said Mr. Deason, whose conversation with Mr. Koch was first reported by The Hill. Mr. Koch has said that Mr. Trump’s policies do not align with his own, or those of the groups that he and his brother oversee, and that they cannot support him simply because he is the Republican nominee, according to James Davis, a spokesman for Freedom Partners, a nonprofit group that runs the seminars. Mr. Deason said that other   donors he spoke to were supporting Mr. Trump financially on their own. So is William I. Koch, the estranged brother of Charles and David, who hosted Mr. Trump at his home in Cape Cod, in Massachusetts, on Saturday. And Mr. Trump is also having luck outside the ranks of megadonors, among the thousands of business owners and volunteer   who form the base of     in presidential campaigns. “It’s no different from raising money with either Mitt or John McCain,” said Brian D. Ballard, a Florida lobbyist who previously backed Mr. Bush and Senator Marco Rubio, but is now raising money for Mr. Trump. Two recent events, in Tampa, Fla. and Miami, raised more than $2 million for Mr. Trump and his party. “It’s about: What is government going to look like?” said Mr. Ballard. “A Clinton government? To most of the people I deal with, it’s horrifying. ”",0
12990,Penn State Trustee Bows Out of Election After Disparaging Sandusky Victims - Breitbart,"A Penn State Trustee has dropped his   bid and resigned his position after disparaging the Sandusky victims by calling them the “  victims” of former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky. [Trustee Al Lord bowed out of his   bid after being quoted in an article in the Chronicle of Higher Education. In the piece, Lord exclaimed that he is, “Running out of sympathy for 35 yr old,   victims with   net worth. Do not understand why they were so prominent in trial. As you learned, Graham Spanier never knew Sandusky abused anyone. ”  Lord, the former CEO of student loan company Sallie Mae, was commenting on Graham Spanier’s conviction on child endangerment charges. The former Penn State President was convicted on March 24 for his handling of a 2001 complaint against Sandusky, the school’s   defensive coordinator, PennLive. com reports. Sandusky was convicted on 45 counts of sexual abuse charges and is now serving a   prison sentence. Despite the conviction and vindication of the many victims of abuse, Lord proclaimed himself “tired” of hearing about the victims. “I am tired of victims getting in the way of clearer thinking and a reasoned approach to who knew what and who did what,” Lord said in the interview with the Chronicle. Lord tried to walk back the comments by issuing a statement apologizing for “any pain the comment may have caused actual victims. ” But, during a recent forum sponsored by Penn Staters for Responsible Stewardship, Lord finally decided that his effectiveness to the school had essentially been destroyed by his comments, and he decided to drop his bid for  . Lord also resigned from his position and will not serve out the final months of his current term. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
12991,Paul Ryan: Not Appropriate for Trump to Ask for Comey’s Loyalty - Breitbart,"Wednesday on MSNBC’s ”For the Record,” while discussing the statement from former FBI Director James Comey ahead of his congressional testimony scheduled for Thursday, House Speaker Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) said it was “obviously” not appropriate for President Donald Trump to ask for loyalty from an FBI director.  When asked if he believes it is appropriate for the president to ask for loyalty from the FBI director, Ryan said “Yeah, No. Obviously, I don’t think that is. I think Director Comey will probably get a lot of questions about that tomorrow. ” He added, “Yes, FBI directors are supposed to be independent. That’s something that’s very, very critical. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN ",0
12992,How To Plan Farmer’s Calendar All Year Round,"  14, 2016 How To Plan Farmer’s Calendar All Year Round 
A farmer’s work is never done. You’d think that in the winter when there are no crops to tend or hay to mow, there may be some time to take a break, and that’s somewhat true, but not really. 
Winter is actually one of the busiest times of year; in addition to taking care of the animals, clearing snow, and keeping things running, you need to plan and prep for the next year. 
Winter appears to be a time of sleep and relaxing by the fire, but for a homesteader, there is no such thing. If you have cows to milk and chickens to feed, then you still have to take care of that. Then there are all of the other tasks that you have to do: clearing the roof, bringing in firewood, making impromptu repairs. 
Winter is a great time of the year to make a plan for what you need to do in the spring, summer, and fall to make your homestead successful. 
We’ve put together a calendar of things to do in the winter to help make your homestead successful all year round. 
Check your Stockpile 
Winter is a great time to check your stockpile for several reasons, but the primary reason that we’re adding it to the calendar is so that you can decide what to plant in the spring. 
If you’re running out of green beans but still have a ton of corn, you can adjust your crops accordingly. Plant more beans and less corn. The same thing goes for canned meals and condiments. If you’ve just about eaten all of your beef stew and salsa but still have a ton of chicken soup left, adjust accordingly. 
You can also determine whether you’re best using your crops. Say you had a bumper crop of apples and made pie filling, applesauce, apple cider vinegar , and apple butter. Now you’re out of pie filling but still have 32 quarts of applesauce. It seems like you may want to adjust how you use your apples next year. 
Make a chart and record your findings so that you can compare to last year and make your adjustments. You don’t want to use your entire stockpile. 
It’s good to have enough for a couple of years, but you don’t want to can 6 months’ worth of apple butter and 5 years’ worth of okra, especially two years in a row. 
Concentrate on Your Herbs/Winter Crops 
I don’t know about you but I love herbs. They’re great for adding flavor, and for using medicinally. Since they’re easy to grow inside , you can grow them year round. Since you’re likely slam busy all summer and fall, wait until winter to harvest and store your herbs. This is a good time to make your essential oils and medicinal blends , too. 
If you live in a moderate climate, you may be able to grow some winter crops such as garlic, kale, carrots and potatoes during the winter. They’re easy to grow and won’t take up hardly any time. Search the internet for crops that will grow in the winter according to your zone . 
There are also early spring edibles that you can start growing and have ready to eat while you’re waiting on those peppers and tomatoes to grow. 
Start Your Seeds 
If you live in a zone where you have short summers and you want to grow crops that have a long growing period, start them inside as early as February. That way, you’ll have healthy seedlings or young plants to transplant when the weather warms up. Your garden will have a great start before the snow is even off the ground! 
Make a To-Do List for the Coming Months 
Plan your summer. Sit down and make charts of what you’re going to plant, how much of it you’re going to plant, and where you’re going to plant it. Keep in mind soil types and compatible plants when you’re making your chart. 
Think about your animals. Do you want to breed? Do you need more eggs? Did you put back enough meat this year? Are your chickens cramped and need a new coup? How about the barn – does it need repairs? Is the tractor running rough? Do you need any new equipment? Make a list by month of all these projects that you need to address. 
Plan Your Expenses 
Now that you’ve sat down and planned your crops and equipment repairs and made a list of other things that you do, then plan how much you’re going to need to spend versus when you’ll need it and when you’ll have the money to do it. Try to project any equipment replacements or repairs that you’ll need, too. Remember to allow for any unexpected expenses. 
You don’t have to stop with just the next year. Do a five-year plan, then adjust as needed. Keep adding a year every winter. This will really help keep you on track as long as you actually refer back to the list and follow it as much as possible. 
Make Syrup 
If you live in an area where you have birch or maple trees, late winter is when you can gather the sap from the trees and make your syrup for the year. Just FYI, it’s a bit of work to make, but it’s free and you can sell it for a great profit. That’s assuming your family doesn’t make you keep it! 
Do all of the in-house repairs. Think about those creaky stairs, unpainted rooms, loose carpets and wobbly stools that you’ve been meaning to fix all summer. Now’s a great time to get all of that stuff done so that you can check it off the list. Video first seen on TacticalIntelligence . 
Help Your Animals Adapt 
Winter affects different animals in different ways. Chickens will likely slow down production when the weather changes. You can head this off a bit by making sure that they’re snug and warm, but make sure that the coop stays well-ventilated. Keeping your hens happy will make your breakfast a happy event, too. 
Cows and horses, on the other hand, may need to be fed more so that they have enough energy to stay warm and (in the case of cows) keep producing quality milk. If you’re new to homesteading study up on your animals before winter so that you’ll know what to do to keep your animals safe and healthy. 
Winter is definitely a bit slower than the rest of the year, but there are plenty of things that you can do to maintain and improve your farm. Relaxing a bit isn’t a bad thing, either – you work your buns off the rest of the year, so give your brain and your body a break. 
Have Some Family Time 
Farms are a ton of work and though we all squeeze in “together” time while we work, cleaning out the chicken coop together just isn’t the same as picking up a Redbox or heading out for pizza and an evening of fun. There’s so much work to be done in the other months that it’s easy to get caught up in the hustle and bustle and forget to have some fun. Now’s your chance! 
Educate Yourself 
Winter is a great time to use your mind instead of your back. Farming, homesteading, sustainability, and prepping are ever-changing beasts, so take the downtime to catch up on the latest news and ideas that are available all over the net. 
Feel free to go old-school and buy some books and magazines to get some new ideas about how to move your farm forward. Think about planting guides, new equipment, new prepping ideas, or ways to help keep your animals healthy naturally. 
Another good subject to study up on is the plants that you’re growing. If you don’t know all about each plant that you grow, take this time to learn. Not all plants like the same types of soil. Some like rich, loamy soil, some like sandy soil. Some grow great next to each other and others, such as tomatoes and potatoes, shouldn’t be grown together. 
Just knowing these small facts will increase your yield and even improve the quality and flavor of your crops. 
If you have anything else to add to the winter calendar to-do list,   
We can all learn from each other, but never forget the ways our forefathers made their own food, harvested their own plants and made their own medicines to survive during gloomy   1 total views, 1 views today",0
12993,2009 FLASHBACK: “What If” Remixed,11/08/2016  ,0
12994,Saudi Press : US Blew Up World Trade Center To Create ‘War On Terror’,"The Saudi press is still furious over the U.S. Senate’s unanimous vote approving a bill that allows the families of 9/11 victims to sue Saudi Arabia. This time, the London-based Al-Hayat daily has claimed that the U.S. planned the attacks on the World Trade Center in order to create a global war on terror. 
Via AlternativeNews 

The article, written by Saudi legal expert Katib al-Shammari and translatedby MEMRI, claims that American threats to expose documents that prove Saudi involvement in the attacks are part of a long-standing U.S. policy that he calls “victory by means of archives.”
Scroll Down For Video Below! Al-Shammari claims that the U.S. chooses to keep some cards close to its chest in order to use them at a later date.
One example is choosing not to invade Iraq in the 1990s and keeping its leader, Saddam Hussein, alive to use as “a bargaining chip” against other Gulf States. Only once Shi’ism threatened to sweep the region did America act to get rid of Hussein “since they no longer saw him as an ace up their sleeve.”
He claims that the 9/11 attacks were another such card, enabling the U.S. to blame whoever suited its needs at a particular time; first it blamed Al-Qaeda and the Taliban, then Saddam Hussein’s regime in Iraq, and now Saudi Arabia.
September 11 is one of winning cards in the American archives, because all the wise people in the world who are experts on American policy and who analyze the images and the videos [of 9/11] agree unanimously that what happened in the [Twin] Towers was a purely American action, planned and carried out within the U.S. Proof of this is the sequence of continuous explosions that dramatically ripped through both buildings. … Expert structural engineers demolished them with explosives, while the planes crashing [into them] only gave the green light for the detonation – they were not the reason for the collapse. But the U.S. still spreads blame in all directions.
The intention of the attacks, writes al-Shammari in his conspiracy article, was to create “an obscure enemy – terrorism – which became what American presidents blamed for all their mistakes” and that would provide justification for any “dirty operation” in other countries.
The terror label was applied to Muslims even though it was Muslims who helped America defeat the Soviets and bring an end to the Cold War, he writes. The problem, asserts al-Shammari, is that the U.S. must always find a new impetus to have an adversary, for “the nature of the U.S. is that it cannot exist without an enemy.”
Al-Shammari’s article comes amid a torrent of vociferous articles in the Saudi press that range from accusing the U.S. of being “schizophrenic” and in cahoots with Iran to publishing warnings that if passed, the “Satanic” bill would “open the gates of hell.”
",0
12995,Trump Calls for Unity at Opening Concert as Inaugural Festivities Begin - The New York Times,"■   Donald J. Trump soaked in the cheers at the opening concert as the inaugural festivities began. ■ But in downtown Washington, D. C.   revelers had to share the streets with adamant   protesters. ■ Never fear, though. Mr. Trump says his high I. Q. cabinet will unify the nation. The opening concert of the long inaugural    was the stuff of legend  —   acts came, followed by protests, followed by withdrawals. Names were floated, like Elton John and Charlotte Church, only to have the artists publicly rebuke the invitation. But when it all finally came together, a beaming Mr. Trump stood at the foot of the Lincoln Memorial on Thursday night, basking in the applause from thousands of concertgoers and vowing to “unify our country. ” “But we’re going to make America great for all of our people,” the   told the crowd. “That includes the inner cities, that includes everybody. ” Just hours before he was to be sworn in, Mr. Trump still recalled grievances from the campaign. “The polls started going up, up, up, but they didn’t want to give us credit,” he said. But he also turned his attention to the future, promising to work hard and saying he was looking forward to Friday. A tableau of Trumps  —   including the incoming first lady, Melania Trump, Mr. Trump’s grown children and their spouses, and his grandchildren  —   then stood triumphantly at the top of the steps, framed by marble and under the gaze of the nation’s 16th president. Fireworks concluded the “Make America Great Again” concert, which featured Toby Keith and 3 Doors Down. The next president of the United States has a way with words, so let’s just let him talk. At Washington’s Union Station on Thursday night, he greeted honored guests. To Jared Kushner, his    and adviser, he said, “If you can’t produce peace in the Middle East, nobody can. ” To his White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, he commented, “Nobody knew how to pronounce his name. It’s a crazy name. ” The   added, “Reince was taking tremendous abuse because he went through hell. ” Then it was on to his   campaign, in 2020: “The next time, four years from now, the next time we’re going to win the   way, we’re going to win because we did so well, because it was so overwhelming, the thing that we did, because it was so beautiful. ” On that last point, it was not clear how he was implying he won in 2016: Russian interference? Losing the popular tally by nearly three million votes? As for Inauguration Day, Mr. Trump saw a silver lining in the forecast rain. “If it really pours tomorrow, that’s O. K.,” he said, “because people will realize it’s my real hair. ” The inaugural kickoff celebration on the National Mall had been a subdued affair without protests, but at least one of the inaugural balls organized by Mr. Trump’s supporters has drawn protesters. The DeploraBall, a cocktail party organized by supporters of Mr. Trump and held at the National Press Club, drew several hundred protesters crowded into a city block, chanting and waving signs denouncing the incoming Trump administration. Sarko Sarkodie, a    Washington resident, was part of the crowd. “I’m just part of the resistance efforts that have been happening this week,” Ms. Sarkodie said. “And they’ll be happening over the next four years. ” Trump supporters seemed to be staying away from the event, but several people watched the scene from inside a nearby bar, where a man wearing a Trump flag and Trump sweatpants could be seen embracing friends. ”That’s a brave dude, right there,” a bystander said of the man. Several people wandered through the area in gowns, seemingly dismayed when they turned the corner to encounter the protests. But perennial presidential candidate and kid favorite Vermin Supreme made it to the show. At the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture, a throng of people in   ball gowns, dashikis, tuxedos and silk headscarves flocked to the   Peace Ball: Voices of Hope and Resistance. “I guess I was just looking for something to put my energy into and to give Obama a really good ” said Pavy Bacon, a    Maryland resident, about why she bought a ticket to the ball. “If you really appreciate what Obama has done, you can’t help but be fearful of the next administration. ” The event, which was in the works before Election Day, was not envisioned as an   affair. Anas “Andy” Shallal, an   artist and activist who owns the popular D. C.  bookstore cafe chain Busboys and Poets, dreamed up the party as the ultimate celebration of the progress made under President Obama. But as inauguration day drew closer, Peace Ball became a place for liberals to converge and comfort themselves. John Osborne, a    lawyer from Washington, D. C. perused the   exhibits with his wife and said he came because  —   on the eve of the inauguration  —   he wanted to surround himself with people from all races, religions and backgrounds. “I wanted to be in a place that reflects the America that I see and live everyday,” he said. “I’m hopeful that our country will remain that way. ” Expected guests included the actor Danny Glover, the   artist Solange Knowles,   Grammy winning jazz musician Esperanza Spalding, the   author Alice Walker and CNN pundit Van Jones. Before the official festivities began, Mr. Trump appeared at a luncheon with supporters at the Trump International Hotel, where he praised the collective I. Q. of his cabinet members. “We have by far the highest I. Q. of any cabinet ever assembled,” Mr. Trump said in the remarks, which reporters heard only the first several minutes of before being escorted out. Of course, he put himself into the high I. Q. category when he boasted, “This is a gorgeous room. A total genius must have built this place. ” (As an aside, it is impossible to do the math, but President Obama’s starters did include a Nobel laureate in physics at the Energy Department, a former president of Harvard heading the National Economic Council and the president of the New York Federal Reserve Bank as Treasury secretary.) Mr. Trump also singled out specific supporters, including Woody Johnson, the owner of the New York Jets football team, and his pick for Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin. Mr. Mnuchin, Mr. Trump noted, wasn’t at the lunch because he was being “grilled” at his Senate confirmation hearing several blocks away. Mr. Trump also faulted senators for not being “nice” to Representative Tom Price of Georgia, his pick to be the health and human services secretary. And speaking of Mr. Johnson, the Jets owner is expected to get one of the plum jobs in diplomacy, the United States ambassador to Britain, or as the Brits call it, ambassador of the United States to the Court of St. James’s. Mr. Johnson is only the fourth ambassador to be announced by Mr. Trump, after Nikki Haley as ambassador to the United Nations David Friedman, his longtime attorney, as ambassador to Israel and Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad as ambassador to China. Given that both Mr. Trump and his British counterpart, Prime Minister Theresa May, are relatively new in their roles, Mr. Johnson’s ability to get Mr. Trump on the phone quickly could be helpful. At   this year, the Jets weren’t the best. The   and vice   laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns at Arlington National Cemetery. Then it was on to the Lincoln Memorial for the concert that opens the Inaugural festivities. Eric Huppert, the leader of Defenders of Liberty Motorcycle Club and local organizer of Bikers for Trump, stood beside a row of hulking   Harley Davidsons and said he was not looking for violence. Sure, Chris Cox, the founder of Bikers for Trump, had pledged that his members would act as a “wall of meat” to block   protesters, but Mr. Huppert downplayed all that. “I don’t anticipate any skirmishes  —   at least I hope not,” he said. But if the safety of Mr. Trump’s supporters  —   or even the   himself  —   is jeopardized, he added, “I think these folks will be willing to jump in if necessary. ” A security force beholden to no one with no rules of engagement and no real marching orders is, well, not a great idea. But Bikers for Trump stand by their man. David Nichols traveled from Texarkana, Tex. with seven others to attend the Bikers for Trump rally on Inauguration Day. The group drove for 22 hours straight, towing eight bikes on a   trailer. “He’ll be a fine president  —   he just has to calm down his words,” Mr. Nichols said. “Just don’t bash people’s name too much. ” A day before Mr. Trump is to be sworn in as the 45th president of the United States, he took to Twitter to assert that he is not responsible for the nation’s divisions. His champion? The Rev. Franklin Graham. To some, Mr. Graham’s good wishes may not hold much weight. Last month on Facebook, he decried House Speaker Paul D. Ryan’s failure to join him and the   in ending all Muslim immigration “until we can properly vet them or until the war with Islam is over. ” He castigated Representative William Lacy Clay, Democrat of Missouri, for defending a high school student’s artwork depicting a confrontation between citizens and police, depicted as pigs. And last year, Mr. Graham said of gays, “you cannot stay gay and continue to call yourself a Christian. ”",0
12996,Federal Judge: N. Carolina Is Engaging In “Insane” Jim Crow Voter Suppression,"Comments 
Until this election, nobody knew that North Carolina was a state firmly committed to Jim Crow -style racism, but today it’s been literally difficult to even pass several hours without yet another illegal scam to suppress minority votes being revealed . 
A federal judge slammed North Carolina elections officials in court today in a case filed by the NAACP , where the US Attorney General weighed in to let the bench know that if proven, the allegations would show three major violations of the National Voter Registration Act. 
During oral arguments, the judge explicitly called North Carolina’s voter challenge law a Jim Crow law, like the ones which began apeparing in the 1890s and codified American apartheid in the South, leading to the civil rights laws of the 1960s. CBS reports : 
U.S. District Judge Loretta Biggs said multiple times the challenge process sounds “insane.” The NAACP says counties are violating federal law by removing voters less than 90 days before the election. “This sounds like something that was put together in 1901,” she told lawyers for the state. 
The judge also said she was “horrified” by the number of removals in Cumberland County, which accounted for the majority of the statewide total. “It almost looks like a cattle call, the way people are being purged,” she told county attorney Rick Moorefield. 
Clearly, election boards and politicians in North Carolina are only restrained by the spectre of federal enforcement via the pre-clearance mechanism of the Voting Rights Act. Unfortunately, since the moment that the Supreme Court decided to override the will of Congress and gut the Voting Rights Act in 2013, the impact of that willful act of judicial activism by conservative jurists has echoed in places where racism didn’t arrive with Trump, but festered secretly for decades, waiting for the opportunity to strike. 
The North Carolina officials who conducted the purge said they were following a bizarre state law, which the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) has already indicated that it believes violates the National Voter Registration Act. Here’s how Republicans in North Carolina purged 6,700 voters from three counties, who are mostly Democrats: 
Under state law, any voter can challenge another county resident’s registration, resulting in a hearing where the challenger presents evidence, according to a state legal filing. If local officials find probable cause, the challenged voter is given notice of a subsequent hearing. A voter who doesn’t rebut the evidence can be removed. 
The NAACP lawsuit cites Cumberland, Moore and Beaufort counties, where activists have challenged thousands of voters. The challengers include volunteers with the Voter Integrity Project, which says it wants to guard against voter fraud. In most cases cited by the lawsuit, mail to a voter is returned as undeliverable, which county boards can accept as evidence the voter doesn’t live there. 
The DOJ filed Statement of Interest on the side of the NAACP, saying that if their allegations are proven true in court, there would be three separate provisions of the National Voter Registration Act. Apparently, the judge’s reaction means that they made the case: 
Three limitations on the removal of voters are pertinent here: (1) a jurisdiction may not remove voters based on a purported change of address outside of the jurisdiction using only mail returned as undeliverable and without following specific required procedures; (2) a jurisdiction may not remove voters based on a change of address within the same jurisdiction; and (3) a jurisdiction may not carry out a program of systematic removals within 90 days of a Federal election. 
U.S. District Judge Biggs is expected to rule in the case early tomorrow, but it sounds like her opinion has already been made up after today’s hearing. 
North Carolina voters are facing unprecedented political roadblocks this year and it’s all due to their state Republican party’s all out war against letting people vote. It looks like the NC GOP is getting nervous that nobody will vote for bigotry laws that have damaged their state’s economy, so they’ve got to do everything they can to rig the election by preventing people from voting.",0
12997,Comment on Canadian Air Force Pilot Snaps A Pic Of A UFO During Flight by Is This What You Think They Would Look Like? Supposed Pictures of Real Extraterrestrials – Collective Evolution,"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter “If it does indeed turn out that there is relevant physical evidence, if this evidence is carefully collected and analyzed, and if this analysis leads to the identification of several facts concerning the UFO phenomenon, then will be the time for scientists to step back and ask, what are these facts trying to tell us? If those facts are strong enough to lead to a firm conclusion, then will be the time to confront the more bizarre questions. If, for instance, it turns out that all physical evidence is consistent with a mundane interpretation of the causes of UFO reports, there will be little reason to continue to speculate about the role of extraterrestrial beings. If, on the other hand, the analysis of physical evidence turns up very strong evidence that objects related with UFO reports were manufactured outside the solar system, then one must obviously consider very seriously that the phenomenon involves not only extraterrestrial vehicles but probably also extraterrestrial beings.” ( source )   The quote above comes from Peter Andrew Sturrock , a British Scientist, and an Emeritus Professor of Applied Physics at Stanford University. Sturrock and a number of other notable scientists around the world came together during the 1990’s in order to examine the physical evidence that is commonly associated with the UFO phenomenon. One example used by Sturrock in his analysis, was a photo taken by two Royal Canadian Air Force pilots on August 27th, 1956, in McCleod, Alberta, Canada. ( “Physical Evidence Related To UFO Reports”– The Sturrock Panel Report – Electromagnetic Effects ) ( source ) ( source ) The pilots were flying in a formation of four F86 Sabre jet aircraft. One of the pilots described the phenomenon as a “bright light which was sharply defined as disk-shaped,” that looked like “a shiny silver dollar sitting horizontal.” Another pilot managed to photograph the object, as you can see above. The sighting lasted for a couple of minutes, and this specific case was analyzed by Dr. Bruce Maccabee, who estimated (from available data) that the luminosity of the object (the power output within the spectral range of the film) to be many megawatts. The Sturrock Panel also found it to be the case that a strong magnetic field surrounding the phenomenon or object was a common occurrence. Maccabee published his analysis in the Journal of Scientific Exploration (“Optical Power Output of an Unidentified High Altitude Light Source,” published in the Journal of Scientific Exploration, vol. 13, #2, 1999). He also published one in 1994 titled “Strong Magnetic Field Detected Following a Sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object,” in the same journal (8, #3, 347) Dr. Jacques Vallee, notable for co-developing the first computerized mapping of Mars for NASA, and for his work at SRI International on the network information center for ARPANET , a precursor to the modern Internet, also published a paper in the Journal of Scientific Exploration titled “Estimates of Optical Power Output in Six Cases Of Unexplained Ariel Objects With Defined Luminosity Characteristics.” ( source )( source )   This particular case is also referenced in this paper. One thing is for certain, it’s one of multiple strange phenomena that has and continues to interest a large portion of the scientific community. Here is a video of former Canadian Defence Minister Paul Hellyer speaking about the fields around these objects, and what some of them were doing to military planes. Let’s just be clear, these objects are commonly seen, tracked on air radar, and tracked on ground radar simultaneously. This is something that has happened hundreds, if not thousands of times. This is information that’s been made public over the past few years. For example, a declassified Defence Intelligence Agency document shows one (out of thousands) great example. It details how two F-4 interceptor pilots reported seeing an object visually, it was also tracked on their airborne radar. Both planes experienced critical instrumentation and electronics going offline at a distance of twenty-five miles from the object. Here is an excerpt from the report: “As the F-4 approached a range of 25 nautical miles it lost all instrumentation and communications. When the F-4 turned away from the object and apparently was no longer a threat to it, the aircraft regained all instrumentation and communications. Another brightly lighted object came out of the original object. The second object headed straight toward the F4. ” (source) The report also described how a smaller object detached from the bigger object, turned inside the arc of the F-4 itself, and then rejoined the original object. This incident lasted for several hours. I decided to use this example because it has a number of declassified supporting national security documents, which goes to show how seriously this event was taken. “Behind the scenes, high ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned about UFOs. But through official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the unknown flying objects are nonsense.” Former head of the CIA, Roscoe Hillenkoetter, 1960 (source, NY Times) It’s only now that more people are starting to become aware of this information. Here is a quote from Senator Barry Goldwater before the de-classification of all of these files: “This thing has gotten so highly-classified… it is just impossible to get anything on it. I have no idea who controls the flow of need-to-know because, frankly, I was told in such an emphatic way that it was none of my business that I’ve never tried to make it to be my business since. I have been interested in this subject for a long time and I do know that whatever the Air Force has on the subject is going to remain highly classified.” – Senator Barry Goldwater , Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee (source) Below is a great clip from author and researcher Richard Dolan , taken from The Citizens Hearing On Disclosure summing it all up in one short speech. 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
12998,"Designer Stefano Gabbana Proud to Dress Melania Trump for Official Portrait, Tells Critics to ’Go To Hell’","Fashion designer Stefano Gabbana took to social media Tuesday to thank First Lady Melania Trump for wearing one of his Dolce  Gabbana jackets in her official White House portrait  —   and later pointedly told his critics to “go to hell. ”[In a post to his Instagram account, the    Italian designer proudly displayed the First Lady’s official portrait  —   released by the White House on Monday  —   which featured Trump wearing a DG blazer.  “BEAUTIFUL,” Gabbana captioned the photograph, adding the hashtag “#DGWoman. ”  #DGWoman BEAUTIFUL ❤❤❤❤❤ #melaniatrump Thank you 🇺🇸❤❤❤ #madeinitaly🇹 A post shared by stefanogabbana (@stefanogabbana) on Apr 4, 2017 at 2:40am PDT,  It wasn’t long before the designer’s critics blasted him for taking pride in seeing his work being worn by the First Lady. “So you have lost a follower, and worst, an admirer,” one Instagram user, @_boyafraid_, wrote to the designer. “[I] dont care!! Really,” he replied. Gabbana also apparently wrote to one commenter to say, “vai a cagare,” or “go to hell” in Italian. This is not the first time the designer has taken on social media users over his show of support for the First Lady. In January, he excitedly shared a photograph of Melania Trump at the president’s New Year’s Eve party in Florida, during which she also wore a Dolce    black cocktail dress, from the company’s “Cruise” collection. “How many stupid and ignorant people r on Instagram!” Gabbana wrote in response to his critics, before telling everyone who didn’t like his posts to unfollow him. Gabbana is one of several designers  —   along with Tommy Hilfiger and Diane von Furstenburg  —   who have said they would have no problem dressing the First Lady, after a number of other marquee names in the fashion world, including Tom Ford and Marc Jacobs, have said they would not design clothing for her.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
12999,BREAKING: No-Fly Zone Declared as Militarized Police Prep for Assault on ‘Front-Line Camp’ at Standing Rock,"OCTOBER 27, 2016 
by Pamela Williams 
There is breaking news that a no-fly zone has been declared over the Dakota Access Pipeline area at Standing Rock, North Dakota. Protestors and Native American activists have set up a new camp called “Front-Line Camp” where they are making their last stand against the party Energy Transfer Partners, who are working on the Pipeline. The Sioux Tribe has declared eminent domain over the water rights and sacred land rights in the same area as the Pipeline is being built. They are asking for prayers as they make a great stand against the destruction of their sacred land. 

Pipeline opponents attempting to protect their water supply from the Dakota Access oil pipeline (DAPL), as well as prevent the continued destruction of burial grounds and cultural sites, are anticipating a confrontation with police today. This news come after “water protectors” refused law enforcement requests to vacate reoccupied land in the pipeline’s path, owned by Dallas-based Energy Transfer Partners. 
http://thesccop.com/breaking-no-fly-zone-declared-as-militarized-police-prep-for-assault-on-front-line-camp-at-standing-rock/ 

While Cheyenne River Sioux Tribal Chairman Harold Frazier sat down with President Barack Obama at a private roundtable in Los Angeles on Tuesday, October 25, Morton County, N.D. Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier was calling in police reinforcements from six states to enforce Energy Transfer Partners’ demands that “trespassers” be removed from the path of the pipeline. 
Authorities implied they may forcibly remove the water protectors from the new camp, which is on land recently purchased by Dakota Access LLC, the subsidiary that is building the pipeline. 
“We have the resources. We could go down there at any time,” Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney said, according to the Associated Press . “We’re trying not to.” 
“We are here to enforce the law as needed,” Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier said. “It’s private property.” Share: Rate:",0
13000,20 Things The FDA (Federal Deception Administration) Doesn’t Want You To Know,"in: Big Pharma , FDA , GMOs , Government , Government Corruption , Medical & Health , Special Interests There was a time when “FDA Approved” was a vote of credibility. We could purchase a product and feel safe because the government watchdogs had checked it out thoroughly before allowing it to be sold. Now, “FDA Approved” means “The company that produced this product has enough money and clout to allow it to be sold.” Many people rely on the FDA as a source of knowledge and safety. Their recommendations mean something to folks who feel as though someone is watching out for them and that in America if something was bad, the government wouldn’t allow it to be sold. They believe that the drugs are tested and approved for our benefit and that the manufacturers of Big Pharma are at the mercy of the fierce protectors who are advocating for the people. Unfortunately, it couldn’t be further from the truth. This is all part of the giant marketing deception perpetrated on a trusting public. Some people are so snowed by what the FDA does that they want it to be even more powerful . There is actually an “alliance for a stronger FDA” whose mission reads like a diary entry from a hostage with Stockholm Syndrome. With responsibility for products that comprise more than 20% of all national consumer spending, the U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) oversees aspects of several industries that are key to our nation’s growth and prosperity. A science-based, predictable, and efficient FDA helps these industries — including the food, drug, medical device, and cosmetics industries — to innovate and to create high-paying jobs here in America while improving our balance of trade. The Alliance for a Stronger FDA works to ensure annual appropriations that will adequately fund the FDA’s essential missions, and we believe that the American people expect this too. There is no backstop, no other agency, that performs this critical work. The federal g overnment gives the FDA about $8 per year for each American (an “appropriation” of $2.561 billion for FY 2014). Nowhere else in the federal budget does so little money need to go so far. The FDA has just 10,000 employees to monitor food safety, review the safety and efficacy of medical products, assure the safe use of those medical products, and protect the American people, their pets, and their farm animals from poorly made, counterfeit, and illegal food, drugs, and cosmetics. Recent research on a variety of topics has led me to note some astonishing facts about the GMO Food and Drug Pushers Administration. Like a bad penny, it seems whatever topic I’m looking into, the FDA keeps turning up. The FDA has a central role in the increasing tyranny in the United States and we, as taxpayers, are funding them to do this. Be warned, you aren’t going to like what you read below, but unless you are mired in intractable cognitive dissonance, you’re going to see a pattern of abuse and deception. The FDA’s Perpetual Conflicts of Interest First of all, it would be nice to believe that the group who decides whether foods and medicines are safe for our consumption is unbiased and benevolent. Unfortunately, that is not the case. Let’s take a look at the leadership – the head of the snake – and the ties of those leaders to Big Agri and Big Pharma. Some previous tsars/commissioners are: 2016: Dr. Robert Califf Califf is a cardiologist who was a tenured professor at Duke University School of Medicine. He’s long been criticized for having deep financial ties to Big Pharma. He worked closely with drug companies and convinced them to do large, expensive clinical trials that were very profitable for Duke. Califf was a paid consultant for Merck Sharp & Dohme, Johnson & Johnson, GlaxoSmithKline, AstraZeneca, and Eli Lilly per ProPublica from 2009 to 2013. In the disclosure information for an article published in the journal Circulation in 2013, Califf shared that he was a consultant for Gilead – the drug company that recently came under scrutiny for outrageously priced hepatitis C drugs. The price for a 12-week course of treatment with one of the drugs was initially set at $84,000 . 2010: Michael Taylor Taylor’s most recent resume entry: VP and attorney for Satan Monsanto. One of Taylor’s “accomplishments” for Monsanto was writing the rules that allowed recombinant Bovine Growth Hormone into the American food and milk supply, and forcing dairies who labelled their milk as rBGH-free to also state that there was “no difference between their hormone free milk and the chemically enhanced milk.” 2009: Margaret Hamburg Hamburg served on the board of directors of Henry Schien, Inc. previous to her appointment to the throne of the FDA. Henry Schien, Inc. produces amalgam dental products – products that contain toxic mercury. Hamburg spearheaded the legislation that allowed mercury to be allowed in dental products (without a required warning for the consumers) during her time at the FDA. Hamburg was recently named as one of the defendants in an $800 million RICO lawsuit . The suit accuses Hamburg of playing a role in a conspiracy to approve Levaquin, an antibiotic drug known to cause severe (and even deadly) side effects, in order to financially benefit her husband’s hedge fund which held very large financial positions in Johnson & Johnson, makers of the drug. 2006: Andrew von Eschenbach A Bush family friend, von Eshchenbach has a background as a drug peddler for Big Pharma and as the head of the National Cancer Society. Some highlights of his reign over the FDA were the speedy approval of Avandia, a medication for diabetes that had the unfortunate side effect of a 43% increase in heart attacks among those taking it; and accusations of corruption and intimidation by the FDA’s own scientists. **** But if that cast of characters isn’t enough to shed doubt on the veracity of any claim made by this organization, take a look at the following facts and tell me that they’re looking out for people instead of corporate interests. The FDA seems to be busily striving to regulate the family farm right out of business. The FDA has gone “SWAT Team” on producers of raw milk and cheese, performing armed raids on small farms , seizing and destroying inventory and handcuffing farmers to haul them off to jail. The FDA keeps adding “food safety” requirements to small organic farms while doing nothing about the factory farms’ abundant use of pesticides and toxins. The FDA pushed the Food Safety Modernization Act which could eventually shut down farmer’s markets across the country – or at least make the food more difficult and expensive for farmers to produce. According to the National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition (NSAC), “The regulations could erect new barriers to these important markets for small and mid-scale farmers unable to bear the expense of compliance.” Find the regulations here. With all of these new (time-consuming and pricey) legislations that farmers must adhere to , the price of local organic produce is skyrocketing, making the product unaffordable for most Americans. This, in turn, reduces competition for the huge factory farms and their GMO-tainted, chemical-sprayed products, allowing a huge profit at the end of the day for Big Agri. The FDA crackdown on health food stores and promoters of natural remedies is reminiscent of cops raiding a meth lab full of junkies. Since 1987, facilities such as the Life Extension Foundation, vitamin manufacturers, health food stores, natural pet food stores and naturopathic medical clinics have been raided by agents waving assault rifles. Owners and employees have been arrested and convicted of crimes. Countless merchandise and literature has been confiscated. What was the crime committed by these natural healing companies? They don’t tithe to the Church of Big Pharma. The FDA is busily “harmonizing” the United States policies with Codex Alimentarius . Codex is the United Nations’ sinister plot to be in control of the food consumption of the world, as per Agenda 21 . Codex promotes chemical agriculture, heavily medicated livestock and genetically modified produce. It’s all done under a do-gooder disguise – the CA Commission states its goals as “protecting the health of consumers, ensuring fair trade practices and promoting coordination of food standards.” Codex actually outlaws the sale of vitamins of beneficial dosages, as well as natural remedies. According to Mike Adams , the founder of Natural News, “the FDA will “harmonize” the U.S. food and dietary supplement industries with global Codex requirements which make illegal virtually all healthy doses of vitamins and minerals. Under full Codex “harmonization,” America will be left with a dead food supply and the health food stores will be virtually stripped bare of dietary supplements. Selling vitamin D at a reasonable dose such as 4,000 IU per capsule will be criminalized and products will be seized and destroyed by FDA agents who recruit local law enforcement to bring in the firepower.",0
13001,"Break the Silence or Support Self-Determination? In Syria, the Answer Should be Obvious","Break the Silence or Support Self-Determination? In Syria, the Answer Should be Obvious Submitted by Danny Haiphong on Tue, 11/01/2016 - 19:14 Tweet Widget by Danny Haiphong 
Syria is “the target of one of the greatest misinformation campaigns in recent history.” The author regrets that left analyst Eric Draitser has contributed to the confusion. Draitser criticizes leftists who firmly support the Syrian government. Danny Haiphong counters that “the left must act with uncompromising dedication to the principle of self-determination in every case where US and Western imperialism wages wars of neo-colonial plunder.” Break the Silence or Support Self-Determination? In Syria, the Answer Should be Obvious by Danny Haiphong 
“To claim that the left in the US should fight for ‘peace’ and at the same time oppose the Syrian government is an intentional attempt to remain neutral in a time of war.” 
Imperialism's war on Syria may be the most important question on the order of the day for those fighting for a world free of exploitation and oppression. Syria is currently the battleground of imperialism's last gasp of life. In nearly six years, Syria has been turned into a site of intense struggle between the forces of resistance and imperialism's forces of reaction. It has also been the target of one of the greatest misinformation campaigns in recent history. The imperialist countries and their media lackeys have sewed deep confusion about the true character of the war being waged on Syria. Nowhere is this confusion greater than in the United States, and it appears someone I deeply respect has been overtaken by it. 
In a recent issue of CounterPunch, Eric Draitser dives head deep into the confusion . He criticizes what he deems as two critical problems with the left's stance. Draitser first criticizes the pro-imperialist left for their decision to align themselves with the foreign-sponsored terror groups in Syria, which have been labeled ""revolutionaries"" or ""rebels"" by the imperialist countries. He then goes on to criticize leftists who have positioned themselves firmly in support of the Syrian government. 
It is his criticism of the ""pro-Assad left"" that needs further examination. Draitser reveals his deep confusion when he asks: 
""Will you continue to delude yourselves by refusing to accept the plainly obvious truth that no state or group has the best interests of Syrians at heart?"" 
Draitser's question assumes that the Syrian and Russian governments are equally to blame for the chaos in Syria. Their bombs are assumed to be prolonging the war and committing atrocities against the Syrian people at the same rate of the imperialists. If this is not the case, he doesn't state otherwise in the piece. In fact, Draitser sets out to prove true what has already been proven false by a wide range of independent and corporate media sources. 
“The imperialist countries and their media lackeys have sewed deep confusion about the true character of the war being waged on Syria.” 
First, Draitser claims that the war on Syria began as a genuine protest against ""neo-liberal"" reforms instituted by the Syrian government. This narrative is popular among the liberal-left media as well as the white left generally. However, those who make this claim rarely specify what neo-liberal reforms were made or how the confrontation all of a sudden became violent. Stephen Gowans reviews numerous reports from the corporate media that describe the uprising in March of 2011 as immediately violent, ill-supported, and ultimately insignificant in the midst of reforms from the Syrian government that were broadly supported by the Syrian people. At the same time as the violent uprisings, thousands of Syrians were protesting in the streets in support of President Assad. 
Furthermore, reports from the city of Daraa during the 2011 uprisings confirmed the presence of armed ""rebels"" who had freshly arrived from their US-NATO backed destruction of Libya . These ""rebels"" have since infested the country through various channels of the Syrian border. Each group possesses a fundamentalist Wahhabi ideology and receives varying degrees of assistance from the Gulf monarchies, Israel, Turkey, NATO, and of course, the US. This is confirmed in Draitser's article. Yet he still reinforces the claim that a popular uprising started the war even though Assad possessed broad support in 2011 . 
The truth is that the war on Syria has little to do with neo-liberalism or popular discontent. It has been acknowledged by UN sources that despite reforms, the Syrian economy remains highly regulated and socialist in character . Syria's own form of socialism has brought many benefits to the Syrian people. Healthcare and education are rights guaranteed to all citizens . Syria also possesses a secular government where Muslims, Christians, and all religious and ethnic groups lived peacefully prior to the war. Syria is thus a poor example of neo-liberalism. What economic struggles that do exist in Syria have largely stemmed from the harsh sanctions imposed by the US in 2004. 
“The war on Syria has little to do with neo-liberalism or popular discontent.” 
Furthermore, Draitser cites numerous sources that support regime change to smear the Syrian government and, by extension, the Syrian people. One of the sources receives much of its information from the White Helmets. The White Helmets have long been exposed as an NGO that works directly in service of imperialism's regime change operation in Syria. The organization receives approximately 33 million in funds directly from the US and UK governments. Eva Bartlett recently visited Aleppo and witnessed many White Helmet workers sporting arms and fighting among the terror groups . 
Draister also cites a source from the New York Post . The Post article relies heavily on documents collected by the dubious Center for International Justice and Accountability. This purported ""international law"" NGO is run by a consortium of corporate lawyers, former or current Amnesty International staffers, and various other servants of empire. The organization specializes in ""transitional justice."" In other words, the Center for International Justice and Accountability (CIJA) provides a legal framework for regime change on behalf of its imperial funders. Draitser claims no group involved in the war has the interests of the Syrian people at heart yet cites directly from an organization dedicated to the promotion of war in Syria. 
The NGOs and their partners in the corporate media have worked together to distort the reality on the ground. Aleppo is case and point. A ceasefire was brokered by all parties in late October that was supposed to allow Syrians to escape safely from East to West Aleppo. However, the humanitarian corridors were repeatedly shelled by the Nusra Front , the US-backed Al Qaeda affiliate . The media decided to ignore this and report instead that the ceasefire’s failure was due to the withholding of aid by Russia and Syria . This is but one example of many where the Syrian government has been blamed for the rebel-sponsored terror inflicted on Syrian people. 
“His analysis uses an abstract, moral argument to violate Syria's self-determination.” 
After five years of war on Syria, it is a wonder how anyone could believe a word that comes from the mouths of the imperialist countries. They lied about the origins of the conflict. They have continuously blamed the Syrian government for events that have all been traced back to the armed proxies they support. This includes the Houla Massacre , the sarin gas attack in Ghouta, and the so-called starvation of Madaya . Aleppo is no different. The Syrian city has been under constant siege from NATO-backed terrorists. The terrorists are holding nearly 250,000 Syrians hostage in the Eastern side of war-torn Aleppo. This has been verified by journalists on the ground such as Vanessa Beeley . 
These facts seem not to matter in Draitser's newfound assessment of Syria. His analysis uses an abstract, moral argument to violate Syria's self-determination. Calling those who unequivocally support the Syrian government ""fetishists"" assumes that the US left should take a position different from that of the Syrian people. Actual Syrians supported Bashar Al-Assad, and thus the Syrian Army, with 88.7 percent of the vote in the 2014 elections. To claim that the left in the US should fight for ""peace"" and at the same time oppose the Syrian government is an intentional attempt to remain neutral in a time of war. As Howard Zinn brilliantly stated, one cannot be neutral on a moving train. 
And the imperialist war against Syria is moving dangerously toward a World War III scenario. Hillary Clinton will be elected the next President of the United States and has repeatedly expressed that she will pursue a no-fly zone once in office. A no-fly zone would place Russian and Syrian military assets at risk of US-sponsored bombs and thus the world at risk of a global military confrontation not seen since World War II. How convenient it is then that Draitser should rebuke his former anti-imperialist stance in place of a stealth form of regime change. The world is on fire, yet Draitser has interpreted the situation as a chance to distort an already highly misunderstood situation . 
“Draister's conclusions ultimately reinforce the Western assumption that the left must come to the rescue and save the Syrian people from their plight.” 
Positions such as Draitser’s are ultimately shaped by the material conditions of an imperialist empire in crisis and decline. White supremacy has been a principle condition of US imperialism since its inception. The war machine and white supremacy are deeply connected. The peoples and nations on imperialism's hit-list are routinely depicted in a manner that justifies the need for US and Western military medicine. This notion has trickled down to the day-to-day actions of ordinary people, including what currently passes as the ""anti-war"" movement in the US today. 
Draister's conclusions ultimately reinforce the Western assumption that the left must come to the rescue and save the Syrian people from their plight. Indeed, the Syrian people need allies and the left must be organizing toward an end to the war. But an end to the war cannot be achieved unless the left supports the will of the Syrian people. At the moment, this means the US left must align itself with the Syrian government and its allies. The left must act with uncompromising dedication to the principle of self-determination in every case where US and Western imperialism wages wars of neo-colonial plunder. Syria should be no exception. 
Of course, this critique should not be seen as a personal attack on Draitser himself. His body of work reflects a deep commitment to the struggle against war and Empire. He has often taken positions on international questions that are deeply unpopular with the US imperialist order. However, when mistakes are made, the left has a responsibility to correct them. There is too much at stake. Failure to step up in defense of Syria means another regime, change scenario similar to what happened in Yugoslavia, Iraq, and Libya. Draitser's piece is a study into the path that all genuine anti-imperialists should avoid. 
But what is the correct path forward? Imperialism is the unquestionable cause of the war in Syria, so imperialism must be the primary target of an anti-imperialist movement. The US and its allies are risking world war over Syria’s destruction. On the other side, the Syrian and Russian governments (along with Iran and China) are doing as much as they can to find a peaceful solution to the conflict that also respects Syria’s national sovereignty. It is without question that this is the side where the left ought to be in the continued struggle to end the war once and for all. Danny Haiphong is an Asian activist and political analyst in the Boston area. He can be reached at [email protected]",0
13002,Pentagon Set to Lift Ban on Transgender People Serving in U.S. Military - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Pentagon next month will announce the repeal of a policy banning transgender people from serving openly in the military, Defense Department officials said on Friday, moving to end what has widely been seen as one of the last barriers to service. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter has called the regulation outdated and harmful to the military. A year ago, he directed officials from all the military branches to determine what changes would be needed to lift the ban, in a tacit recognition that thousands of transgender people were already in uniform. Under the Pentagon’s plan, first reported by USA Today, each branch will put in place policies covering recruiting, housing and uniforms for transgender troops. Military officials have been “making great progress, holding multiple meetings and working hard to come up with a policy that balances the needs of soldiers with mission readiness,” said Eric Pahon, a Defense Department spokesman. “They’re trying to come up with something that fits the needs of all of the different services. ” Ashley   the president of the American Military Partner Association, a support network for partners and spouses of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender troops and veterans, said in a statement that “our transgender service members and their families are breathing a huge sigh of relief. ” Estimates of the number of transgender people in the 1. 2   military range from 2, 000 to more than 15, 000. As with the “don’t ask, don’t tell” policy that applied to gay men, lesbians and bisexuals until it was lifted in 2011, current rules have done little to keep transgender people out of the military. Instead, they have forced many to lie about their status and keep it a secret. Since taking the defense secretary post in February 2015, Mr. Carter has set about dismantling discriminatory rules in the services, including opening all combat positions to women. This week, Eric K. Fanning formally took over as Army secretary, becoming the first openly gay leader of a military service branch. A study commissioned by Mr. Carter and completed in March found that letting transgender members openly serve would cost little and would have no significant effect on unit readiness. The study, by the RAND Corporation, estimated that 2, 450   members of the military were transgender, and that every year about 65 service members would seek to make a gender transition. The study said that if the Pentagon did not cover medical procedures like hormone therapy and surgery, service members would most likely not seek medical care and have higher rates of substance abuse and suicide. The procedures would cost the Pentagon $2. 9 million to $4. 2 million a year, the report said. Each year, the military spends $6 billion of its $610 billion budget on medical costs for   service members.",0
13003,A Wrenching Decision Where Black History and Floods Intertwine - The New York Times,"PRINCEVILLE, N. C.  —   Betty Cobb’s house is a shell nearly two months after floodwaters went halfway up the walls of her   home. Volunteers have ripped out moldy wallboard. Two small chandeliers hung over the bones of the living and dining rooms, the furniture and the carpeting long gone. On the kitchen counter lay a patchwork of family photographs, their vibrant colors washed away, and a book  —   “Hurricane Floyd and the Flood of the Century”  —   saved from the water. Hurricane Floyd, which roared through here in 1999, was supposed to be just that: a     event that caused flooding the likes of which this town’s residents would never see again. But that perception was shattered in early October when Hurricane Matthew barreled inland and sent water pouring around a levee built along the Tar River and into the town, inundating hundreds of homes, including Ms. Cobb’s. Seventeen years ago, Ms. Cobb decided to rebuild, here in a town that has a special place in American history. Princeville, population 2, 100, is believed to be the oldest town chartered by freed slaves, who founded a community that has survived numerous floods and the Jim Crow era. It remains 96 percent black. Ms. Cobb, 69, is now considering a question looming over many homeowners: After two devastating floods, does she want the option to sell her home to the Federal Emergency Management Agency, something that the town’s leaders voted down in 1999, fearing it would lead to the end of their community? “This is home, this is what I know,” said Ms. Cobb, who was leaning toward staying but worried about taking out a loan to rebuild. “I really don’t know. ” A number of residents have expressed an interest in selling to FEMA, which would prevent anyone from building again on their   land and lead to a reduction in the town’s tax base. The town’s four commissioners will vote at some point on whether to make that available to residents (the mayor votes in case of a tie). They can also consider elevation of homes and reconstruction of damaged ones. Residents on the nation’s coasts and along inland waterways have assessed storm damage and wondered if they should relocate  —   a painful and fairly uncommon form of hazard mitigation known as retreat. Here, the consideration has a wrenching historical dimension. This is where a freed slave, Turner Prince, established Freedom Hill in 1865, which became Princeville 20 years later, a town where extended families have proudly lived for generations. And many of them are determined to rebuild. This stretch along the Tar River is no stranger to flooding, and some say that it is probably the reason that   were able to settle the land in the first place. White landowners in the 19th century did not want it. “Their existence in this space was not a matter of chance or choice, but instead the discarded and unwanted space was what former slaveholders allowed them to occupy,” Richard M. Mizelle, Jr. an associate professor of history at the University of Houston, wrote earlier this year, tying Princeville’s location to environmental racism  —   the relegation of black people to   land and hazardous areas that expose them to greater levels of pollution. But many people are proud of what they have built here, and how it has endured. “The freed slaves made it what it is,” said Mayor Bobbie Jones, 55, who wants the levee improved and opposes the buyouts and hopes residents who want to leave will first seek private buyers, perhaps like himself. “If we decide to allow individuals to participate in the buyout, it will have a devastating effect,” Mr. Jones said, standing in front of more than 100 residents at a recent meeting. Other   towns like Eatonville, Fla. which was incorporated in 1887, still exist today. Many others have faded, like Nicodemus, Kan. which has about 25 residents, or Blackdom, N. M. which was abandoned after a drought. “I’m fighting so hard to make sure that Princeville is not one of the casualties,” Mr. Jones said. “It would be a devastating tragedy, not only for me, but for the world. ” Still, residents like Angela   46, want at least the option to move beyond this   land. “That history will never be lost,” said Ms.   whose small white house filled with floodwater after Matthew. The town’s founders, she said, would have settled safer land if they had the chance. “I really believe that they would want better for us,” Ms.   said. In 1967, the Army Corps of Engineers completed a levee that held off floods until Hurricane Floyd’s sent water over its top, forcing harrowing rooftop rescues  —   including Mr. Jones’s  —   and damaging or ruining nearly every home here. The town leadership rejected taking buyouts at that time and instead chose to rebuild the town and fix the levee. Last year, the Corps of Engineers completed another proposal to extend the levee, which officials with the corps say would have at least reduced the latest destruction, but it has not been funded. The flood inundated community pillars like the school and the fire station  —   which is currently operating out of a tent  —   and left residents displaced and streets still piled with debris. “So many people have lost so much, and we’ll have to start all over again,” Linda Worsley, 66, a retired telephone company analyst, said as she picked up the mail at her uninhabitable home even as it was being demolished. Ms. Worsley is determined to rebuild on land that has been in her family since her grandfather, a sharecropper, and his brother bought it in the 1920s. Ms. Worsley, who as a commissioner voted against buyouts in 1999, said residents should have the option this time, although she hopes few people will take them. “I have always been proud to say that I was from Princeville,” Ms. Worsley said, adding, “To just lose all of that, it would be like Princeville is another lost colony. ” It was her job to organize the town’s Christmas parade, which was scheduled for last Saturday but had to be canceled. Instead, Ms. Worsley and her neighbors gathered at the Quality Inn in Tarboro, which is across the Tar River from Princeville, for a lunch of pulled pork, chicken and green beans. So many displaced residents are staying at the hotel while they await FEMA trailers that it has become a stop for the school bus, its lobby a town square for Princeville residents. Mary Alston, a volunteer from Cary, N. C. put the question to Ms. Worsley and two of her friends, “Are y’all going to stay or   …    ” “I’m going to stay,” Annette Waller, 60, said. “Oh yes,” Brenda Hunter said, “I’m going to stay in Princeville,” and talk at the table turned to demolition, duct work and how long it would take to return home. Others in the hotel have decided to leave. David Birth, 70, a retired machine operator, whose home on Main Street was destroyed, said he had already bought land in Tarboro and would live there, in a trailer. “When the first flood came, it took the first house,’’ he said. “The second flood took this one. I’m not going to let my grandchildren be in the same situation. ” For now, many families are waiting: waiting to see how far flood insurance goes, what FEMA will offer, and what the town decides. Back at Ms. Cobb’s house, as volunteers carted away wheelbarrows filled with wallboard, Ms. Cobb’s daughter, Regina, 48, looked across the street where trees hide the Tar River. If it were up to her, she said, she would leave, although she said she would support her mother’s decision. “We were supposed to be on a   flood plain, and we only made it through 17 years,” Regina Cobb said. “That river isn’t going anywhere. ”",0
13004,7 reasons I'll vote for Trump,"Print 
Before you applaud me for my integrity or condemn me for selling out, allow me to explain my decision to vote for Donald Trump on Nov. 8. 
First, I’m writing this because I have been asked incessantly for months how I would be voting, not because I think I’m someone special or that what I do should influence you. 
Second, I’m not endorsing Donald Trump. In my mind, there’s a world of difference between endorsing a candidate and voting for a candidate. 
Third, I respect those in the #NeverTrump camp and share many of their concerns, including the possibility of his further vulgarizing and degrading the nation, the possibility of him deepening our ethnic and racial divides, and the possibility of him alienating our allies and unnecessarily provoking our enemies, just to name a few. Among the #NeverTrump voices I respect are columnists like David French and Ben Shapiro, bloggers like Matt Walsh and evangelical leaders like Russell Moore and Beth Moore. 
Fourth, I take strong exception to evangelicals who have fawned over Trump as if he were some kind of savior figure, supporting him as if he were St. Donald. I also take issue with evangelical leaders who want us to minimize some of Trump’s failings, constantly saying, “Let him who is without sin cast the first one” (see John 8:7). This is not a question of condemning the man but rather a question of making a moral assessment as to his readiness to serve our nation. 
Fifth, my decision to vote for Trump, barring something earth-shattering between now and Nov. 8, is consistent with my position, which has been: 1) During the GOP primaries, I issued strong warnings against voting for Trump while we had other excellent choices. I did this in writing , on video and on the radio, but always stating that if Trump won the nomination, I would re-evaluate my position. 2) Once Trump became the Republican candidate, I wrote that I was rooting for him to take steps in the right direction and thereby win my vote. 3) I have stated repeatedly that under no circumstances would I vote for Hillary. (For two strong warnings about Hillary, see here and here .) 
So, what has convinced me that I should now vote for Donald Trump? 
The culture war is not over! Gain hope, courage and practical advice in Michael Brown’s latest book, “Outlasting the Gay Revolution: Where Homosexual Activism Is Really Going and How to Turn the Tide” 
First, I believe that he actually is serious about appointing pro-life, pro-Constitution Supreme Court justices. When he said during the last debate that if you’re pro-life, you want to see Roe v. Wade overturned, and when he reiterated at his Gettysburg speech that he will be drawing from his list of 20 potential appointees, he helped me feel more confident that he would not suddenly flip-flop if elected. 
Second, one reason I endorsed Sen. Ted Cruz was because he took on the political establishment, both Democratic and Republican, to the point of calling it the Washington cartel. Trump is an absolute wrecking ball to the negative parts of the political system (although, unfortunately, he’s been a wrecking ball to some of the good parts of the system), so my vote for him is also a protest vote. 
Third, I am voting for the Republican platform, not the Republican Party, which means I’m in agreement with the platform while at the same time having very little confidence in the party as a whole. 
Fourth, while I have always felt that the line, “We’re electing a president, not a pastor,” was overstated and superficial, if we rephrased it to say, “We’re electing a general to train hand-to-hand combat warriors, not a pastor,” it might have more relevance. In other words, we are not looking for Trump to be a moral reformer (even if hedoes appoint righteous judges), and, at this point, he certainly is anything but a moral example (although we pray he will be truly converted and become one). Rather, out of our choices for president, which are stark, we are voting for the one most likely to defeat Hillary and make some good decisions for the nation, not be the savior. And with things so messed up in America, the hand-to-hand combat analogy is closer to home. 
Fifth, within the first few minutes of the last debate, the massive differences between Hillary and Trump were there for the world to see, she a pro-abortion radical and an extreme supporter of the LGBT agenda and he unashamedly speaking out against late-term abortions and wanting to appoint justices who would defend our essential liberties. Since I have the opportunity to vote, I feel that I should vote for Trump. 
Sixth, Trump continues to be drawn to conservative Christians, and not just ones who tickle his ears. One of my dear friends has spent hours with Trump and members of his family, and he has told me that in 55 years of ministry, no one has received him as openly and graciously as has Trump. Yet my friend continues to speak the truth to him in the clearest possible terms. While I am not one of those claiming that Trump is a born-again Christian (I see absolutely no evidence of this), the fact that he continues to listen to godly men and open the door to their counsel indicates that something positive could possibly be going on. It also indicates that these godly leaders might be a positive influence on him if he were elected president. 
Seventh, although I’m quite aware that a president could do great harm or good to the nation, I’m far more concerned with what we as God’s people do with our own lives and witnesses, and for me, the state of the church of America is much more important than the state of the White House. In that context, I echo the words (and warning) of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.: “The church must be reminded that it is not the master or the servant of the state, but rather the conscience of the state. It must be the guide and the critic of the state, and never its tool. If the church does not recapture its prophetic zeal, it will become an irrelevant social club without moral or spiritual authority.” 
So, in sum: 1) My hope is in God, not Donald Trump, and I do recognize that either Hillary or Trump has the potential to do great harm to America; 2) My urgent call is for us as followers of Jesus to get our own act together so we can be the salt and light of the nation; 3) I will continue to urge all believers not to vote for Hillary Clinton, whose policies will certainly do us great harm; and 4) Ultimately, the most effective way to defeat Hillary is to vote for Trump, while also praying that God will use him for good , not for evil. 
In the end, if Trump gets elected and fails miserably, I will be grieved but not devastated. If he does well, I will rejoice. 
Either way, though, my vote is just that: a vote. My greater role is to live a life pleasing to God with the hope of advancing a gospel-based moral and cultural revolution. Receive Michael Brown's commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Michael Brown's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *",0
13005,Donald Trump Endorses Paul Ryan and John McCain in Bid for G.O.P. Unity - The New York Times,"GREEN BAY, Wis.  —   Donald J. Trump belatedly endorsed the   of Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Senators John McCain and Kelly Ayotte on Friday, moving to heal a deepening rift within the Republican Party touched off by Mr. Trump’s feud with the parents of a slain American soldier. “I support and endorse our speaker of the House, Paul Ryan,” Mr. Trump said at a rally here after announcing his backing of the senators. “He’s a good man. We may disagree on a couple of things, but mostly we agree. ” Mr. Trump ignited a controversy within his party on Tuesday when he said he was not “quite there yet” in supporting Mr. Ryan, echoing a similar line of doubt that Mr. Ryan, the nation’s most powerful elected Republican, had cast before eventually endorsing Mr. Trump for president. The endorsement on Friday, in Mr. Ryan’s home state, Wisconsin, had the rollout of a carefully crafted campaign event. A   email was sent to supporters immediately after Mr. Trump’s announcement. Moments later, subscribers to Trump campaign texts received an alert that said, “Party unity will help Make America Great Again. ” He read the endorsement from a script. But before he got to those words, he spent several minutes in the    mode he is known for. He predicted that the Green Bay Packers would have a strong season, excoriated Hillary Clinton and argued that the news media had misconstrued his suggestion at a previous event that a crying baby be escorted out. “The baby that had a voice that was superior to Pavarotti,” he said, adding, “I want to sponsor that baby. ” Mr. Trump turned the speech into a   trifecta. He threw his support to Ms. Ayotte, who is facing a tight race in New Hampshire to retain her Senate seat. Mr. Ryan and Mr. McCain, an Arizona senator, are also up for   beginning with primaries next week. “I need a Republican Senate and a House to accomplish all of the change we have to make,” Mr. Trump said. He added, “I understand and embrace the wisdom of Ronald Reagan’s big tent within the party. ” “Big, big tent,” he said. “Remember?” He paused to ask the Democrats in the crowd to raise their hands. Hardly anyone made a sound. Mr. Trump, looking unimpressed, offered that he did not need Democrats anyway. With the speech, Mr. Trump sought to move past a tumultuous week that began with his disparaging members of a Gold Star military family who had spoken out against him at the Democratic National Convention. Mr. Trump’s remarks drew rebukes from many Republicans, including Mr. Ryan, Mr. McCain and Ms. Ayotte, and set the course for the next few days. He caused a tempest with his remarks regarding Mr. Ryan and another with repeated proclamations about viewing a “secret tape” that showed Iran receiving pallets of cash from the United States. Perhaps signaling that he was in a forgiving and unifying mood, Mr. Trump on Friday morning issued a rare admission of an error, explaining on Twitter that the footage he had thought was a secret tape was instead a widely shown clip of American prisoners arriving in Geneva after being released by Iran. His squabbling with Mr. Ryan and the senators threatened to further splinter Mr. Trump’s relationship with the party and infuriated many officials, including Reince Priebus, the chairman of the Republican National Committee. Mr. Trump’s running mate, Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana, publicly, but peacefully, disagreed with him and backed Mr. Ryan. Mr. Priebus had made clear he hoped that Mr. Trump would get behind Mr. Ryan and the senators but told the nominee that he had to make the decision on his own. The endorsement of Mr. Ryan is unlikely to assuage some Republicans who are concerned by the combative Trump campaign and have grown frustrated that the   controversies have made it more difficult to focus on Mrs. Clinton, the Democratic nominee. On Friday, Gov. John Kasich of Ohio told CNN that he was considering voting Democratic for the first time. “Let’s not get ahead of ourselves,” Mr. Kasich said in response to a question on the possibility that he would not vote for a Republican for president. He added: “I wish that I could be fully enthusiastic. I can’t be. So I don’t know what’s going to happen at the end. ” In Wisconsin, a battleground state where Mr. Trump lost a primary decisively to Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and endured unrelenting criticism from local conservative radio hosts, the speaker of the State House of Representatives greeted Mr. Trump with an open letter to fellow Republicans, saying, “We are Ryan Republicans here in Wisconsin, not Trump Republicans. ” “As Donald Trump has said stupid things and been rude to so many people over the past year, I usually chalked it up to inexperience and the spotlight of an incredibly hostile press,” the speaker, Robin Vos, wrote. “But since the convention, his lack of judgment has got to concern even the most ardent Trump supporters. ” And less than an hour before Mr. Trump took the stage, Mr. Ryan gave an interview to WISN, a Milwaukee radio station, offering more criticism of the presidential nominee. “I hope he doesn’t keep doing things like this and distort conservative principles that we have to defend,” Mr. Ryan told the station. He said he had not “changed anything” with regard to his support of Mr. Trump, but added: “I wish he would be a little more disciplined. What I say to him privately and what I’ve said publicly is Hillary Clinton is the one to focus on, not another Republican, not a private citizen criticizing you. ” Mr. Trump made his endorsement after striking notes of unity on Friday afternoon at a rally in Des Moines. He praised Mr. Priebus, saying he was doing a “fantastic job,” and complimented Mr. Pence, who was on the campaign trail with him for the first time since they had taken divergent positions on Mr. Ryan’s primary campaign. “If you don’t like me, that’s O. K.,” Mr. Trump told the Iowa crowd. “Vote for Pence because it’s the same thing. ” Mr. Trump also focused his message in Des Moines on Mrs. Clinton, peppering his remarks with extended riffs and insult lines against her and President Obama. “She is pretty close to unhinged,” Mr. Trump said, criticizing Mrs. Clinton’s immigration and foreign policy positions, in particular with regard to Iran. He also floated a conspiracy theory that the National Security Agency had the 33, 000 deleted emails from Mrs. Clinton’s account (there is no record, report or indication that this is true). “Does N. S. A. have them? I don’t know,” Mr. Trump said. “Some people have been saying that, that the N. S. A. has them. ” The Clinton campaign has been quick to seize on Mr. Trump’s recent controversies. At a rally Friday afternoon in Milwaukee, the Democratic   nominee, Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, took aim at Mr. Trump for withholding endorsements of Mr. Ryan and Mr. McCain. “While we’ve been talking about jobs, Donald Trump has been going after a family of a war hero, or Donald Trump has been going after fellow Republicans and talking about why he won’t endorse them in their primaries,” Mr. Kaine said. “We’re talking about jobs, and Donald Trump is basically shadowboxing with every enemy he can think of instead of talking about what Americans want to talk about. ”",0
13006,"Nobel Confusion: Ramos-Horta, Trump and World Disorder","Email 
History should tell us that writing scolding, even scornful letters, to electorates as part of a conversation for persuasion do not work. They are even less effective when coming from outside that electorate, however well-intentioned. Non-voters should be careful to judge and lecture. 
Consider the attempt on the part of The Guardian to mount its electoral high horse prior to the 2004 Presidential elections in the United States. The prospect of another four years of George W. Bush was hard to stomach for the editors, hence their disruptive project. Operation Clark County was advertised as an effort to write “to undecided voters in the crucial state of Ohio.” The experiment had more than a degree of condescension, slanted, as it were, to the superior across the pond wisdom. 
Instead of providing a platform of sobriety, it simply supplied patriotic fuel to US voters to confirm their positions. No one was going to be telling them what to do. Their president was a fool, but was their fool. As one letter went, “We Ohioans are an ornery sort and don’t take meddling well, even if it comes from people we admire and with their sincere goodwill. We are a fairly closed community overall.” Even the New York Times came forth with an unmistakably frank headline: “British Two Cents Draws, in Sum, a Two-Word Reply: Butt Out.” 
Nobel Prize winner and former president of Timor-Leste, José Ramos-Horta, should be more attuned with that recent history. But instead, he has decided to wade into the US elections with another letter of scorn, another experiment in persuasion. To add weight and magnification to the appeal, he is seeking the signatures of fellow Nobel Prize laureates. The direction of this letter promises to be simple: whatever you do, people of the US, don’t vote for Donald Trump next month. 
During a brief visit to the northern Australian town of Darwin, Ramos-Horta explained how he and his friends, “Nobel Peace Prize laureates, are extremely concerned with the tone of a presidential candidate Donald Trump in making disparaging remarks about migrants, about Muslims, and refugees.” 
Ramos-Horta insisted that the rise of such a figure was “extremely worrying for all of us and it does not serve US interests.” Along with his fellow laureates, he was hoping to pen a letter that would “alert American public opinion that the world … cannot afford extremism coming from the White House itself.” 
Ramos-Horta provides us a fairly typical, if rusted view, of world power. Empires need the wise and clever to lead them, being repositories of responsibility. Lunacy has no place. “The US is an indisputable global power and global powers have to be led with prudence, with enormous wisdom.” 
What of the brakes of moderation and restraint offered by a critical, at times unreasonable Congress, including other measures so carefully thought through by the Republic’s Founding Fathers? We have seen such brakes bringing the Republic to a screeching halt on occasions, notably during the Obama years. These are polarised times in US politics, and not even the supply of finance to public servants is sacred. 
This is of little interest to Ramos-Horta, who is convinced that a Trump presidency would have Congress in his deceptively deep pocket to wage war with impunity and engage in a pattern of global mischief making. 
“Whatever the US president and US congress may decide on some measure of issues internationally can enhance peace, but can provoke instability and world disorder.” Not that the record book on peace, stemming from US foreign policy in recent years, has been particularly enhancing. 
Having dumped generously on Trump, Ramos-Horta admits a swooning admiration for Hillary Clinton, his preferred White House occupant. If there is a candidate bound to embark on more aggressive stances, be it towards Iran or Russia, few could come close. Her recipe is for greater, not lesser belligerence. Free world boisterousness indeed. 
Taking leave of his senses, Ramos-Horta suggested that she was “outstanding” and “sensitive to the rest of the world”. With baffling adolescent gullibility, the Nobel Prize laureate saw a Clinton “extremely sensitive to education for poor people, for children”. 
A sense of balance might have been appropriate at that point: questionable donations from despotic regimes to the same, supposedly helpful foundation open to helping the indigent and illiterate; or security breaches; or compromised arrangements with Wall Street. The world of power is dark, and maze ridden, and at the end of it usually lurks a Clinton apology. 
A Clinton presidency would hardly be that prudent, nor particularly wise, but that is the Ramos-Horta verdict, his own variant of an external endorsement that is bound to fall on deaf ears in the United States. Any ears who receive the message will be dismissive. From a man whose country suffered an occupation that will, in time, find its way into the books of notable genocides, endorsing such a Clinton can hardly be prudent. But then again, power of the massive sort rarely is.",0
13007,France Beats Germany to Reach Euro 2016 Final - The New York Times,"MARSEILLE, France  —   They sang. They danced, they chanted, they even  —   for some reason  —   did the Icelandic Thunderclap routine a few times. But mostly the French fans at the Stade Velodrome on Thursday just sang as one, long and loud and proud. Sometimes it was the national anthem. Sometimes it was the chorus to “Seven Nation Army” by the White Stripes. Sometimes it was just “Allez!” (roughly, Let’s Go!) over and over. In truth, it did not matter what they were singing. On this night, in this moment, the fans wanted simply to join in. To make a difference. To matter. And they did. Beneath a relentless, rambunctious cacophony, France defeated Germany,   in a semifinal of the European Championships. The French, who won the last two major tournaments they have hosted, will go for a third against Portugal on Sunday at the Stade de France outside Paris. Germany, the defending World Cup champion, will go home. The Germans will rue injuries that cost them two starters (plus a suspension that ruled out one more) as well as an avalanche of missed opportunities and  —   in their minds, at least  —   a controversial referee’s decision that stunned them just before halftime. The French, of course, will say otherwise. To them, they had just 35 percent possession but defended ferociously they deserved the penalty kick awarded to them late in the first half, which they converted and they capitalized when the German defense scrambled itself in front of goal. Antoine Griezmann scored both goals for France. When he poked the second across the line after a flailing clearance by Germany goalkeeper Manuel Neuer, a frisson of unadulterated euphoria pulsed through the stands. This was, by far, the most difficult test the French had faced in this tournament, and they flourished. “We are like kids playing out here,” Griezmann said. “We know we have a whole nation behind us. ” The last time these teams met was Nov. 13 at the Stade de France, a match that will always be remembered for what happened outside  —   the terrorist attacks in St.  and Paris  —   as opposed to anything that took place on the field. That night, Griezmann played while his sister, Maud, was inside the Bataclan concert hall where terrorists attacked with guns and grenades. It was only later, well after the match, that he learned she was one of the fortunate who escaped. The specter of those attacks has lingered over this event from the beginning, as security around the country was increased exponentially. François Hollande, the French president, even visited the French team before its first match to talk about the situation. Griezmann, recalling that meeting on Thursday, said the players understood that it was their job, their responsibility, to entertain their supporters, to give them verve and energy and excitement  —   to help the country move forward. The team began with a dramatic victory over Romania in the tournament’s opening game. Then it won its preliminary round group. In the knockout rounds, it stormed back against Ireland in the round of 16, blitzed Iceland in the quarterfinal and here, on this steamy, sticky night, pushed over the world champions. “There is happiness all over France tonight,” Manager Didier Deschamps said. It was not always pretty. Germany, which beat France in the quarterfinals two years ago on its way to the World Cup title in Brazil, weathered a French surge after the opening whistle and dominated for nearly 40 minutes of the first half. Mesut Özil was slick in the midfield, as usual. Thomas Müller was threatening in front of goal. Jérôme Boateng, the sturdy defender, helped hem the French into their own half. Yet there was no finish. France goalkeeper Hugo Lloris was ready when called on  —   he made a fine stop to deny Emre Can after about 15 minutes  —   but the Germans also lacked polish when it mattered most. The final cross was just a bit too high, the outstretched leg a bit too short. A   score at halftime seemed reasonable and both sides appeared happy to accept it. Only then France earned a corner kick a few minutes before the interval and, as the ball swung in, Germany’s captain, Bastian Schweinsteiger, challenged for it with his arms raised. When it deflected off Patrice Evra’s head and caromed directly into Schweinsteiger’s right arm, the referee, Nicola Rizzoli, pointed to the penalty spot. Was it a good call? Current guidance on handling directs officials to penalize players if, among other things, they “make themselves bigger,” and Schweinsteiger seemed to do that. The Germans, nonetheless, were incensed the French, naturally, were ecstatic. Griezmann stepped up. A little more than a month ago he missed a crucial penalty kick as his club team, Atlético Madrid, was beaten in a shootout in the Champions League final by Real Madrid. This time, however, there was no hiccup. His   shot was pure. “Everybody was shocked,” Germany Manager Joachim Löw said. “I had to calm the players down in the dressing room at halftime. ” He added: “And then, after, it was difficult. ” The second half brought more chances, but more frustration for Germany. Toni Kroos had his run cut off. Julian Draxler curled a shot just wide. Joshua Kimmich saw his powerful drive ricochet off the post. Meanwhile, Greizmann slipped in front of the German goal just as Paul Pogba went into a dazzling dance on the left side of the penalty area. Shucking off a defender, Pogba floated a cross that Neuer could only bat to the ground. Griezmann, who stands just 5 feet 9 inches, pounced, poked and  —   after the ball rippled the net  —   preened in front of the delirious fans. “He’s our little man who gives us something more,” forward Olivier Giroud said. Löw said that the Germans were unlucky, that France was not the better team. Deschamps did not necessarily disagree, saying that the Germans made France suffer. Still, he said, it made no difference. At this level, all that matters is the result. And so, after the final whistle, the French players went to each end of the stadium, joined hands in a line and, as a unit, offered gratitude to their supporters. The world champions had been eliminated. The final was in sight. The dream was ever closer. On this night, the combination had been unbeatable: the French players gave their hearts. The French fans, their throats.",0
13008,Paris: Riot Police Flatten Invader Camp, ,0
13009,Wilbur Ross: Free Trade Deal Needed with Europe to Reduce Unfair Tariffs,"On Friday’s Breitbart News Daily, SiriusXM host Joel Pollak asked Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross about the possibility of a free trade deal with Europe in the wake of America’s withdrawal from the Paris climate accords. [Ross recommended such a trade deal for several reasons.  “First of all, Europe has much higher trade barriers than we have,” Ross said. “For example, in automotive, their tariff on American cars going into Europe is ten percent. Our tariff on European cars coming into America is     percent. That’s a     percent disadvantage that our exporting companies are at, relative to the European ones. ”  “Problems like that, we would like to address because those are part of the reason why we have a trade deficit with Europe,” he said. “The other part of the reason is currency,” Ross continued. “The euro has been very, very weak relative to the dollar. That, therefore, makes their competitive position much better than it would have been if the euro had stayed stable. ” “There are quite a lot of issues that we have with Europe, and we would like to try to negotiate them,” said Ross. “If we cannot make a sensible deal, we obviously won’t go forward with it. ” Ross looked beyond European complaints about the United States’s pulling out of the Paris accords to see tough negotiations would be required to convince Europe to lower its tariffs. “The reality is, we do have a big trade deficit with Europe. The other reality is, a lot of that comes from automotive, and no small portion of that is this difference in tariff rates,” he contended. Ross explained that coal was another U. S. industry disadvantaged by the Paris accords in favor of foreign competitors. “Both India and China, who are the two huge users of coal for electric utilities, both of them were permitted to use more   plants in the years going forward,” he said. “In the case of China, on a total basis, they were able to increase their emissions for 13 years, and a lot of that would be coming from coal. ” “It’s ludicrous that U. S. coal would be shut down because we were agreeing to these very strict things, whereas even   more pollutive coal in countries like China would be allowed to flourish. That doesn’t strike me as very balanced,” said Ross. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
13010,Militant shelling kills at least 15 civilians in western Aleppo,"Syria This file photo shows smoke rising from western Aleppo after militant shelling. 
At least 15 civilians are killed and some 100 others injured as foreign-backed militants shell western Aleppo after launching a massive offensive to break the Syrian government's siege over the city. 
A UK-based monitoring group sympathetic to the militants said hundreds of shells and rockets had fallen on various western neighborhoods of the city on Friday. 
Militant groups involved in the attack include Turkey-backed FSA and Jaish al-Fatah, an alliance of terrorist factions actively supported by Saudi Arabia and Turkey, they told news agencies. 
A senior militant said it was going to be ""a big battle"" with all the groups there participating. 
The attack appeared to have been mostly launched by militants from outside the city against government forces that hold its western districts, Reuters news agency reported. 
The so-called Syrian Observatory for Human Right said militants had set off several car bombs on the western edge of Aleppo after launching grad rockets at the city's Nairab airbase. 
Heavy militant bombardment, with more than 150 rockets and shells, struck districts on the southwest of the city, it said. 
The Syrian military said a militant attack in that area had been thwarted and the army had destroyed four car bombs. 
The massive assault by foreign-backed militants comes in the wake of a unilateral ""humanitarian pause"" declared by Syria and Russia in the city. 
On Thursday, the Russian Defense Ministry said aircraft had not carried out any sorties over Aleppo for the past nine days. There were no immediate indication on Friday whether the airstrikes had resumed. 
Militants used a US-Russian ceasefire to break the siege in early August, opening up a new route into the city from the south, but government forces quickly closed it. 
The new civilian deaths came after at least six children were killed and over a dozen people injured after Takfiri terrorists launched rocket attacks on a school as well as a house in Aleppo.",0
13011,"Latest Posts WikiLeaks Documents Coming From US Intelligence Not Russia, MSM & Democrat Party Dying","Leave a reply 
Greg Hunter – There are numerous reports on the alternative media of documents being given to WikiLeaks to counter the corruption and lawlessness of the Obamas and Clintons. AG Loretta Lynch has been reportedly blocking an FBI investigation into the Clinton Foundation that many say is a “global charity fraud” and a “huge criminal conspiracy.” 
The leaked emails and documents show corruption between the Justice Department and Hillary Clinton. These documents and emails also show a grand cover-up of the true treason that has taken place in the highest offices of the U.S. government. 
The mainstream media (MSM) have been committing fraud on shareholders and the public by holding themselves out as “news organizations” when, in fact, they are functioning as propaganda for the Clinton campaign. It’s no surprise that the nation’s biggest newspaper, USA Today (GCI), has had its share price cut in half in the last a year. Reuters is laying off 2,000 people, and quarterly profits at the New York Times have fallen by 95%. The public is not buying the lies and propaganda the MSM is selling for the Democrats and the Clinton Campaign. 
Internet researcher Clif High says both the MSM and the Democrat Party are dying. He says by 2020, the Democrat party will not exist, and the MSM will be well on its way to its death. 
Join Greg Hunter as he talks about these stories and more in the Weekly News Wrap-Up. SF Source USA Watchdog Nov. 2016 Share this:",0
13012,Stepping Over the Dead on a Migrant Boat - The New York Times,"It began with blips on a radar screen, 12 miles off the Libyan coast. As the rescuers approached, they found overloaded wooden vessels and rafts that evoked scenes of the slave trade. Hundreds of African migrants were crammed into boats headed for Italy. More than two dozen people were dead in one boat alone, asphyxiated from the crush aboard. In other boats, bodies were splayed on the floorboards, forcing survivors to clamber over the corpses of their fellow voyagers. Aris Messinis, an Agence   photographer aboard the rescue boat Astral, said it was like nothing he had ever seen. The passengers  —   from Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Nigeria and other   countries  —   were found by the Astral on Tuesday, part of a wave of more than 11, 000 rescued in the Mediterranean by aid groups and the Italian Coast Guard this week. Migrants aboard a large wooden boat, which may have held 1, 000 people  —   roughly five times its capacity  —   waited frantically for help. Some jumped into the water. Even with life jackets tossed to them, migrants struggled to reach the Astral and other rescue vessels, which later transferred them to Italian Coast Guard ships bound for Italy. Pandemonium punctuated the rescue operation, despite efforts by the Astral crew to calm the migrants. “These people were in panic,” Mr. Messinis said. Migrants aboard the wooden vessel included infants, like the one below. In one of the boats, holding roughly 150 people, Mr. Messinis said that rescuers found 29 bodies  —   10 men and 19 women. “They told us these people were dead from the night,” he said. At one point, passengers held a child aloft to signal rescuers of their desperation. Migrants crammed below deck were packed so tightly they struggled to get out. “Many of them haven’t seen the sea in their whole lives,” said Laura Lanuza, a spokeswoman for Proactiva Open Arms, a Spanish aid group that operates the Astral. Despite a drop in sea crossings to Europe by migrants this year, more than 3, 000 have died in perilous crossings from Libya, where political chaos has made it the main departure point for smuggling operators who care little about whether their clients survive. Rescue officials attributed the spike in sea crossings in recent days to a stretch of good weather after days of storms and sea turbulence. The wooden vessel’s cargo hold contained   of the roughly 1, 000 people found aboard, Ms. Lanuza said, calling the conditions “just like a slavery boat  —   the same. ” After the living were rescued, Astral crew members put the dead in body bags and stored them in life rafts. Migration officials and rescue groups in Europe say the migrant route from North Africa remains the deadliest. Joel Millman, a spokesman for the International Organization for Migration, said at least 38 migrant bodies were recovered in Mediterranean rescues Monday and Tuesday, including those found by the Astral. Mr. Messinis, 39, who has covered the conflicts in Libya and Syria, has been photographing the European migration crisis since it began three years ago. He has often put aside his camera to help rescuers. What he witnessed on the Mediterranean, he said, was different. The analogy to slave ships that once plied the Atlantic, he said, was “exactly right  —   except that it’s not hundreds of years ago. ” ”I’ve seen a lot of death, but not this thing,” he said. “This is shocking and this is what makes you feel you are not living in a civilized world. ”",0
13013,"CNN Fired Donna Brazile 2 Weeks Ago, Made It Public Now After Wikileaks Revelation","

CNN finally made it public that they have severed ties with DNC chair Donna Brazile after a new Wikileaks email revealed more CNN collusion with Clinton campaign after Donna Brazile gave Hillary Clinton a debate question in advance.
They fired her 2 weeks ago when Megyn Kelly first confronted her regarding another leak at a town hall. CNN kept it quiet that they fired Donna Brazile all this time up until a new leak revealed she provided another question to Hillary Clinton in advance for one of their debates.
CNN denied any involvement but the fact that they kept quiet for 2 weeks tells it all. The fact that this isn’t the first collusion we discover tells it all, besides, how would Donna get the questions? Someone from CNN had to gave her the questions.
When FOX News’s Megyn Kelly previously confronted Donna Brazile she denied any involvement, claimed some mumbo jumbo about the Russians, space aliens, UFOs, tinfoil hats and she even said that the Wikileaks email is fake. Now after facing huge pressure even from Clinton News Network (CNN), Donna has finally admitted that the emails are real and that she’s at fault for the collusion.
Brazile thanked CNN for her time on the network.
Brazile tweeted this message around dinnertime Sunday night.
Brazile gave Clinton’s senior advisers a heads-up on March 5 about a question she would be asked the next night during a debate against Bernie Sanders.
Brazile was on defense earlier this month when this WikiLeak-ed email showed her giving the Clinton campaign a CNN town hall question about the death penalty ahead of time.
UK’s The Independent reported :
CNN has dropped a political commentator following accusations that she sent Hillary Clinton two questions ahead of time during the primary season.
Donna Brazile announced her departure on 31 October on twitter although she resigned two weeks ago .
Leaked emails from WikiLeaks belonging to Clinton campaign chair John Podesta showed that Ms Brazile funneled two questions to Ms Clinton, a longtime political ally, before a CNN-sponsored debate and voter town hall event against Vermont senator Bernie Sanders.

",0
13014,Jury Rejects Federal Case Against Malheur Wildlife Refuge Defandants,"Jury Rejects Federal Case Against Malheur Wildlife Refuge Defandants
http://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/crime/verdict-near-in-malheur-wildlife-refuge-standoff-trial/ 
From this account in the Voice of Idaho, it seems the Feds took out their loss on the defendants’ attorney:
“Ammon Bundy’s attorney Marcus Mumford sought the release of Ammon Bundy based upon the verdict of not guilty. The Federal Marshals refused to release him. Mumford insisted that they show the paperwork that allowed them to keep Ammon in custody. They wouldn’t show the paperwork. When Mumford refused to accept that as an answer, about eight federal marshals attacked Attorney Mumford IN THE COURT ROOM! They tasered him and arrested him!!”
During the trial the attorney was told by the judge that he could not mention the defendants’ spokesperson who was shot down by police for no reason. http://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/northwest/judge-threatens-to-fine-ammon-bundys-lawyer-in-malheur-refuge-case/ 
The high-handedness of the Feds apparently was more than the jury could accept.
The post Jury Rejects Federal Case Against Malheur Wildlife Refuge Defandants appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
13015,"Aimed at Zika Mosquitoes, Spray Kills Millions of Honeybees - The New York Times","The Monday morning scene at Juanita Stanley’s apiary in Summerville, S. C. was ghastly and stunningly quiet: Everywhere one looked were clumps of honeybees, dead after a dousing on Sunday with the potent pesticide with which the local authorities had intended to kill mosquitoes. “There was no need for a bee suit Monday morning to go down there, because there was no activity. It was silent,” Ms. Stanley said on Thursday. “Honestly, I just fell to the ground. I was crying, and I couldn’t quit crying, and I was throwing up. ” For Ms. Stanley and her business, the death toll easily exceeds two million bees, and Dorchester County officials are still tabulating how many more might have been killed when a day of aerial spraying, scheduled to combat mosquitoes that could be carrying viruses like Zika, went awry. The apparently inadvertent extermination, the county administrator said, happened after a county employee failed to notify Ms. Stanley’s business, which the administrator said should have been alerted about the spraying strategy. Some hobbyists were also caught by surprise. “We’ve learned that the beekeeping community in Dorchester County, and in that area in particular, is larger than we were aware of,” Jason L. Ward, the county administrator, said in an interview. “Our idea is to balance working with them with the issue of public safety. ” Concerned about the spread of the Zika virus across the South, local officials on Sunday targeted a   mile area of the county, which is near Charleston, with naled. The pesticide, which has been in use in the United States for more than 50 years, is a common tool for mosquito control, but federal officials have said the chemical can be harmful to honeybees while also posing brief risks to aquatic invertebrates and terrestrial wildlife. Officials in Dorchester County, where four   cases of Zika have been reported, sometimes spray for mosquitoes from the roads, but Mr. Ward said he believed that Sunday’s aerial effort was the first of its kind for the county. He acknowledged that a county worker had not followed the local government’s standard procedure of notifying registered beekeepers about the deployment of pesticides. “He made a mistake in terms of going down his list, and failed to call,” said Mr. Ward, who said the county, through its insurance policy, would try to reimburse Ms. Stanley’s business. He said insurance adjusters would need to determine the value of the lost honeybees, but Ms. Stanley suggested that figure would be “a vast amount. ” “This is much more than just how much those little dead bees are worth,” Ms. Stanley said. “My entire business is dead, and it’s not like I can just go out shopping and buy some more bees and get right back on track. ” The county had tried to publicize its plans through social media and the local press, Mr. Ward noted, but Ms. Stanley said that officials had long notified her about scheduled sprayings delivered by truck. This time, she knew nothing about what had happened until a firefighter, who is also a beekeeper, showed up at her door on Monday. “This is going to sound harsh, but I think for me, this one word is very fitting, and it’s ignorance,” she said. “We, as humans, are not doing the research and finding out the facts before we make decisions. ” The employee in question, who did not respond to a message on Thursday, has apologized, Ms. Stanley said. “I’m devastated, I’m heartbroken, I’m distraught,” Ms. Stanley added. “I have a lot of emotions and thoughts right now, and none of them are very positive. ” The county has not scheduled any additional aerial sprayings of naled, but some experts have questioned the county’s initial strategy, which included spraying during the day, when honeybees are more active. Dr. Dennis vanEngelsdorp, a bee researcher at the University of Maryland, said the deaths of the bees in South Carolina were unnecessary, and that there were ways to guard against mosquitoes without simultaneously killing valuable pollinators. “I think this shows how easy it is to forget best practices when faced with emerging issues  —   and killing bees is probably not the biggest impact,” he said. “If you’re killing honeybees, you’re killing a lot of other   pollinators, too, and those populations could take a long time to recover. ”",0
13016,Phyllis Chesler Disinvited from Academic Conference on Middle East Honor Killings - Breitbart,"Scholar Phyllis Chesler was disinvited from a speaking event on honor killings at the University of Arkansas due to articles she has published on Breitbart News. [Chesler was slated to appear as a part of a conference at the University of Arkansas Law School’s King Fahd Center for Middle East Studies on honor killings, but was ultimately disinvited after concerns arose over Chesler’s alleged “Islamophobia. ”  Three professors that work at the King Fahd Center for Middle East Studies wrote a letter denouncing Chesler. In the letter, which was addressed to King Fahd Center Director Thomas Paradise, Professors Joel Gordon, Ted Swedenburg, and Mohja Kahf called Chesler a “bigot” and a “prominent Islamophobe” for her commentary on Islam. They expressed concerns that Chesler had her writings published by Breitbart News. Dear Tom: It has come to our attention that MEST is   Phyllis Chesler to lecture via Skype at the University of Arkansas Law School’s symposium about honor killings on 14 April 2017. Chesler’s writings frequently feature on the   Breitbart forum as well as many other   platforms. They continued, claiming that Chesler’s perspective on Islam would violate the school’s mission to educate students on the Middle East. “Our work is to educate students on the Middle East, not to promote bigotry,” they wrote. “While we welcome respectful debate and diverse opinions, we believe that bigotry should not be promoted on this campus. ” Chesler was ultimately disinvited in response to the criticisms. You can read the letter in its entirety below: Dear Tom: It has come to our attention that MEST is   Phyllis Chesler to lecture via Skype at the University of Arkansas Law School’s symposium about honor killings on 14 April 2017. Chesler’s writings frequently feature on the   Breitbart forum as well as many other   platforms. One disturbing example is the pamphlet, The Violent Oppression of Women in Islam, that Chesler   in 2007 with Robert Spencer, director of Jihad Watch, who is is considered by the Southern Poverty Law Center to be “one of America’s most prolific and vociferous   propagandists. ” The pamphlet was published by David Horowitz’ Freedom Center, which frequently targets students and scholars for speaking out about justice for Palestinians. The pamphlet is a catalogue of horrors inflicted on women that are said to be the outcome of Islam’s essential nature. “Islamic gender apartheid,” Chesler and Spencer write, “is not caused by western imperialism, colonialism, or racism. It is indigenous to Islam both theologically and historically. ” Retaliation is obligatory against anyone who kills a human being purely intentionally and without right, [except when] a father or mother (or their fathers or mothers) for killing their offspring, or offspring’s offspring” (section o1. ). Chesler has also said, “It’s easy to say, yes, the Muslims are against everyone who is not a Muslim. [  …    ] The West, and that means Jews and Israelis, would like to lead sweet and peaceful lives. We’re up against an enemy now that is dying to kill us, that lives to kill, and that at best merely wishes to impose on the rest of us its laws and strictures. ” (Fern Sidman, “Israel Today  Always: Breaking Ranks  —   An Interview With Phyllis Chesler,” The Jewish Press, August 15, 2007) Our work is to educate students on the Middle East, not to promote bigotry. The Executive Travel Order of February 2017 (which we all know is a xenophobic, Islamophobic, travesty of justice) specifically mentions   as a means of differentiating Muslims and in so doing, it capitalizes on fear of Muslims, Honor killings are part of rape culture. Any manifestation of rape culture in any society, including the U. S. is reprehensible. Condemning rape culture and honor killings must not be tainted with bigotry and Islamophobia. While we welcome respectful debate and diverse opinions, we believe that bigotry should not be promoted on this campus. Our program in particular has the responsibility not to be the sponsor of an event featuring a prominent Islamophobe. Sponsoring an event with Chesler on the program sends the opposite message to our students. Sponsoring such a speaker also contributes to an unsafe environment for students on our campus already at risk for   violence. We have asked that MEST provide, via Skype, a qualified speaker to follow Chesler’s remarks. This was deemed not feasible. We ask that MEST publicly withdraw its sponsorship from this symposium. We ask that MEST provide copies of the Islamophobia Is Racism syllabus, created by a collective of academics inspired by the Ferguson syllabus, for distribution at the symposium. We ask that MEST release a statement condemning Islamophobia and bigotry, and affirming its commitment to gender justice and diversity, and that this statement be read at the symposium. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
13017,BREAKING : Sources Inside the FBI Say Hillary Will Be INDICTED in Early 2017 – TruthFeed,"BREAKING : Sources Inside the FBI Say Hillary Will Be INDICTED in Early 2017 BREAKING : Sources Inside the FBI Say Hillary Will Be INDICTED in Early 2017 Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 29, 2016 On Friday the FBI announced they were reopening the email investigation into Hillary’s mishandling of classified information. In a statement, the FBI said that they discovered “new emails” pertinent to the earlier investigation on “several devices.” Reports indicate that one phone device belongs to Anthony Weiner and the other phone device belongs to his estranged wife Huma Abedin. Sources inside the FBI say there are “SMOKING GUN” BOMBSHELLS on the devices and Hillary will be indicted in January or February of 2017. This woman should not be allowed to run for president. She should be forced to STEP DOWN. Watch the video: Breaking News : HILLARY To Be Indited After The Election In January Or February ! This Is Bigger Than Watergate ! pic.twitter.com/XuunYGcLR1 
— Richard Weaving (@RichardWeaving) October 29, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
13018,"New Syria Talks End Quickly, Giving Little Hope to a Beleaguered Aleppo - The New York Times","LAUSANNE, Switzerland  —   Talks among the United States, Russia and critical Middle East states aimed at brokering a new pause in Syria’s war broke up after a few hours on Saturday without signs of progress, or a break in the Syrian government’s ferocious assault on   parts of the city of Aleppo. Secretary of State John Kerry began the talks in the Swiss lakeside city of Lausanne, meeting one on one with his Russian counterpart, Sergey V. Lavrov. Their   encounter, described as “businesslike” by a State Department spokesman, John Kirby, came 12 days after Washington suspended bilateral contacts with Moscow and called for a war crimes investigation into Russian actions in Syria. Mr. Kerry and Mr. Lavrov then headed into talks with the foreign ministers from regional powers involved in the conflict, including Iran, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and Turkey, along with the United Nations mediator, Staffan de Mistura. The diplomats left about four hours later with terse comments that gave away nothing of substance. Before the talks began, both sides played down prospects of a breakthrough. Mr. Kerry, who was expected to leave Sunday for talks in London with the foreign ministers of Britain, France and Germany, told reporters that discussions with Russia and the Middle Eastern states would resume on Monday. Mr. Lavrov went into the talks saying he would focus on fulfilling an earlier agreement that called for separating   rebels in Syria from   jihadist groups like the Nusra Front, which is linked to Al Qaeda and now calls itself the Levant Conquest Front. He emerged from the meetings saying only that the parties had discussed “some ideas” and had agreed to meet in coming days, “expecting certain agreements which would help promote” a settlement, the   news agency reported. That brought no prospect of early relief for the beleaguered quarter of a million residents of   eastern Aleppo, who are facing what international aid agencies have called the heaviest bombardment since the collapse of a truce three weeks ago. Syrian and Russian aircraft bombed four hospitals in Aleppo on Friday, causing severe damage to a major trauma facility, Doctors Without Borders reported, calling it the worst damage inflicted on already battered health facilities since the end of September. An ambulance driver was killed and two doctors were wounded on Friday, Doctors Without Borders said. At least 62 people were killed, and more than 465 people were wounded in the bombing and shelling over the previous three days, the group said. United Nations agencies say several hundred residents of eastern Aleppo desperately need medical evacuation, and the agencies have prepared hospitals in Syria and Turkey to receive them. However, efforts to get the wounded and sick out, or to provide the city with food and medical supplies, have been blocked by the fighting. “The indiscriminate bombing campaign has taken a clear turn for the worse,” Carlos Francisco, the head of the Syria mission for Doctors Without Borders, said in a statement on Saturday. “By damaging the few remaining places where lives can be saved, it is clear that Syria and Russia are squeezing the life out of eastern Aleppo. ”",0
13019,"Flocking to Robben Island: Tourists by Day, Poachers by Night - The New York Times","Robben Island in South Africa is getting to be notorious again  —   and this time it’s not for racial oppression. The   prison on the island is now a tourist attraction, where visitors from around the world pause with reverence outside the cell where Nelson Mandela was kept. The ferry ride back to the mainland merely deepens the sense of isolation that the inmates must have felt. But the waters surrounding Robben Island, just off the coast near Cape Town, also happen to be among the richest in the world for delicious shellfish  —   especially abalone, which is highly prized in Asia. That has made the island a hot spot for shellfish poaching. At night, when the island is closed to tourists, poachers in inflatable boats known as rubber ducks often make their way toward its rocky coastline and dive illegally in the shallows in search of the mollusks. One night in May, the authorities were tipped off to a poaching excursion and went on watch. Around 4 a. m. a boat was spotted pulling into a harbor with its lights turned off  —   a dead giveaway. Officials from a special police task force and the Department of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries stood ready. But the poachers saw the law enforcement boats and sped off, eventually abandoning their vessel and vanishing on shore. The authorities seized 2, 858 pieces of abalone worth $68, 400. Abalone can be found along much of South Africa’s coast, but their numbers have been declining rapidly because of overfishing and poaching. Commercial catches are now severely restricted, and recreational fishing for abalone has been banned for more than a decade. But demand from Asia remains strong. Abalone grow slowly, taking seven years to reach sexual maturity and one or two more to reach the minimum size to be taken legally. That way, they ought to get at least a little time to reproduce and replace themselves. (Left alone, abalone can live 30 years or more.) But the poachers pay little heed to sustainability. The fisheries department says that   of the abalone it confiscates from poachers are younger and smaller than the legal minimum, and that the waters around Robben Island have been particularly hard hit.",0
13021,On ‘Patriots Day’: ‘Love Will Defeat Evil’ - The New York Times,"Here’s something Oscar voters and regular folks probably don’t think they’ll want or need this year: a movie all but guaranteed to make them cry. Yet it’s coming, anyway: “Patriots Day,” a film about the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing, directed by Peter Berg and starring Mark Wahlberg, a Beantown son, as a police officer. The film nabbed the   slot at the American Film Institute festival in November, landed on the National Board of Review’s Top 10 list, and opens on Dec. 21, prime time for awards. For a picture that some feel is arriving too soon, or that risks being exploitative or worse, “Patriots Day” stands, on the one hand, to be unintentionally well timed. At a recent screening in Manhattan, as audience members gasped their way through tears, it became clear that the film got at something more elemental than tragedy: It captured the purity of the altruistic outpouring that came in the bombings’ wake. Sniffling away, the Bagger couldn’t help wondering, might this be a film that makes both blue hearts and red hearts crack open, and proves a unifier of sorts? Then again, we are living in times when the very definition of “patriot” is deeply contested and fraught, when the word alone often causes liberal neck hair to stand on end. “Patriots Day” is Mr. Berg and Mr. Wahlberg’s third film together, after this year’s “Deepwater Horizon,” about the deadly 2010 oil explosion and spill, and the 2013 “Lone Survivor,” about a disastrous war mission. All three neatly fit the definition of what Rolling Stone describes as the “  blockbuster”: movies whose heroes wear blue collars rather than cowboy hats or capes. “These are films that seek to whitewash America,” Corey Atad wrote in Esquire, “boosting the virtue of pure patriotism, fashioning an uncomplicated reality for an audience tired of feeling like their country is being lost to liberal pussyfooting and terrorist threats. ” Also in that category is Clint Eastwood’s     hit “American Sniper,” which became such a partisan flash point two years ago  —   lefties deemed it   propaganda righties saw it as a patriotic masterpiece  —   that some liberals who consider themselves open and tolerant refused to see it outright. Unsurprisingly, Mr. Berg and Mr. Wahlberg say that “Patriots Day” holds resonance, no matter what the viewers’ political bent, be they, in the director’s words, “the most liberal      in the world” or “neoconservatives that I know, good friends that are on the far other side. ” “We get asked this a lot, about our politics, and we’re just not going to get into it,” Mr. Berg said, sitting with Mr. Wahlberg this week to chat with the Bagger in a suite at the Carlyle Hotel. “Mark and I both wanted to make a film about love. A film about: ‘You know what? If you think you’re going to beat us through violence, you’re wrong. Because love will rise, love will defeat evil. ’” “I have friends on both sides who believe that love does win,” Mr. Berg continued. “And they’re very kind, loving people. So we feel there’s a little something for everyone in this. ” Mr. Berg and Mr. Wahlberg arrived separately, each wearing the resigned, blank look that movie people tend to get after doing three straight days of press. They had been through this gantlet just three months ago, with “Deepwater Horizon. ” Meanwhile, for some Bostonians, the marathon atrocity is still too fresh. It was only last year that the surviving Boston bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, was tried and convicted. And this year, the University of Massachusetts, Dartmouth, denied the filmmakers’ request to film on campus, as did the suburb of Watertown, where the police and the Tsarnaev brothers engaged in a firefight. (That filming was moved to nearby Malden and a former naval air base.) Given all that, didn’t it seem that “Patriots” was made and released in haste? Nay, Mr. Berg said. “Mark’s fond of saying it probably wasn’t soon enough, in many ways,” the director said. “We felt the real theme of this film wasn’t going to be about a manhunt of justice being served up, although those were elements of this story. At the end of the day, the story was about how a community responded to kind of what unfortunately is becoming the new reality of our lives. ” But there was competition. Mr. Wahlberg brought the idea of the film to Mr. Berg near the end of the production of “Deepwater Horizon” last year. Films about the marathon bombings were in the works: one from CBS Films another based on the book “Boston Strong” and a third, “Stronger,” starring Jake Gyllenhaal, which is to open next year. Mr. Wahlberg ultimately teamed up with CBS Films, and they bought the rights to “Boston Strong,” folding some of its elements into “Patriots Day. ” “I was really on the fence  —   do we make this?” Mr. Wahlberg recalled. “Then I quickly realized that there’s three movies, and they’re aggressively trying to get these movies made. ” He added later that he decided: “They’re going to do it anyway. I better do it so I can make sure we do it the right way. ” The youngest of nine, Mr. Wahlberg grew up in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston, where he had a violent,   and   youth. He has maintained deep connections there, and the city and nearby region have been the site of a number of his films: “The Departed,” “The Fighter” and, of course, “Ted” and “Ted 2. ” To prepare for “Patriots Day,” Mr. Wahlberg, who knew people directly affected by the bombings, he and Mr. Berg sat down to hear residents’ concerns  —   about how loved ones would be portrayed, about the effect on grieving children, about being retraumatized. As the father of the youngest victim,    Martin Richard, requested, no one from that family was portrayed in the film, though there are scenes showing the blanketed body of a child. After poring over hours of grisly footage, Mr. Berg, who cites the work of Studs Terkel, fabled chronicler of the American Everyman, as a major influence, said he struggled mightily to make sense of the atrocity, and to understand how affected families found the energy to go on. He found his answer at this year’s marathon, where he and Mr. Wahlberg watched Patrick Downes become the first Boston bombing amputee to complete the race. He fell into the arms of his wife, who lost both legs in the bombings  —   footage of their embrace is in the film. At that moment, Mr. Wahlberg said, an    woman from the Boston Athletic Association approached them both and said: “You see that? That’s what this movie better be about. About love. You make sure you get that right. ” That has become Mr. Berg and Mr. Wahlberg’s main talking point, how the city came together afterward, how, moments after the bombing, paramedics, the police, firefighters, high school girls who had been handing out Gatorade all rushed toward victims to help. “You think about, did anyone stop and ask someone before they helped them what political party they were associated with?” Mr. Berg said. “What their sexual orientation was, you know, where they stood on gun control? Nobody cared. That was really an example of the angels within us, the very best versions of ourselves. ” Ergo the sobbing Mr. Berg was surprised to hear in early screenings of the film. “Crying can be a good thing,” he said, “a catharsis and a release. ” The Bagger can attest to that. And liberals, if you’re still hesitant, keep in mind that the film is set in deep blue Boston, where four out of five presidential votes went to the Democrats. They’re your people, too.",0
13022,Investigation Launched After Pig Heads Hung On Site of Future Mosque,"The Dijon prosecutor has launched an investigation after a number of pig heads were hung on the gates of a building recently purchased by an Islamic association prior to its conversion to a place of worship. [Six   of pigs heads were discovered on the gates of the building in Genlis, a small town near Dijon, France on Friday morning. Further to the pig heads, further “cold cuts” of pork were discovered thrown into the yard.  France’s Le Figaro reports the comments of the local Mayor, who said the Association of Socioculture and Muslim Culture of Genlis (ASCMG) had “acquired this building with the aim of making it a place of worship in the future. This announcement, made in the regional press last week, had unleashed [bad feelings]”. The mayor told the paper he condemned the act of placing pig parts on the mosque and that he supported the work of the association. Speaking this morning, he remarked: “[The police] have taken samples and I hope the person or people of this act will be held accountable  …     hatred linked to religion has no place in our commune where everyone must live in full harmony and respect for each other”.   Socialist politician Kheira Bouziane supported the mayor’s position, remarking: “The ASCMG has been promoting a peaceful   dialogue since 2013  …     today’s insult aims to divide”.   activist group spokesman Maryna Schcherbyna joined the mayor in a call for punishment, remarking this afternoon: “SOS Racisme  …     demands that justice be done”. She also referred to a 2016 case in the same town where the   Georges Grossel had called in a Facebook post for pork to be served in canteens. SOS Racisme demanded his resignation at the time  —   he was suspended from the mayorality and fined €2, 000. Local broadcaster Le Bien Public reports the attack comes two days before a public consultation is due to be held on the project. The Dijon prosecutor has opened an investigation into what is being termed as a public provocation of discrimination or racial hatred, although police presently have no leads to pursue. The Genlis case follows a significant number of other cases across Europe where Islamic centres of worship were defaced with pig parts. In Islam, pigs and their meat are considered unclean, or “haram” and the leaving of bacon and other meat at mosques is considered a   and in some cases severely punished. Breitbart London reported in 2016 on the placement of a pig’s head on the steps of the office of German Chancellor Angela Merkel in protest against her policy of mass migration from predominantly Muslim countries. In November 2016, two Polish migrants were jailed in the UK for throwing rashers of bacon inside a mosque.",0
13023,Trump: AHCA Will Cause Premiums and Deductibles to Come Down - Breitbart,"During Friday’s Weekly Address, President Trump said of the revised American Health Care Act, “your premiums will come down, and your deductibles will come down. ”  Transcript as Follows: “My fellow Americans, Since Day One, my administration has been hard at work, tearing down the barriers to job creation and economic growth. We have removed one   regulation after another  —   they’re not pretty and they’re going. And believe me, we are just getting started on regulations. They’re gone. On Thursday, the House voted to repeal one of the worst   laws of all. It’s called ObamaCare, perhaps you’ve heard of it. Everywhere we look, ObamaCare is collapsing. The House Bill is a plan that will save Americans from this disaster, and replace it with more choices, and more freedom for American families. Most importantly, it will be great healthcare, and your premiums will come down, and your deductibles will come down. So you’ll have better healthcare at a lower cost. And now, I’m calling on the Senate to take action. Repealing and replacing ObamaCare will be a big, big win for the American People. Last week, my economic team outlined another step in our economic renewal: a massive tax cut to bring jobs and prosperity back to the USA. We pay the highest taxes anywhere in the world. No country is higher, and we’re bringing them down  —  and I mean way down. I am proposing —  actually the single largest tax cut —  in American history. Our tax relief will be focused on the Middle Class, including   relief for low and   parents raising children. As we provide tax relief to working families, we must also stop crippling American Industry. Right now, America’s businesses are taxed at the single highest rate in the developed world. This is a   economic wound that sends jobs to other countries. And believe me, before I got here, they were fleeing fast, but we’ve stopped it. We want to turn our country into a jobs machine —  a jobs magnet, something that really works again. We want America to be the best place in the world to hire, grow, invest, and start a   beautiful business. And that is why under our plan, we are cutting the business tax rate all the way down to 15 percent, bringing thousands of new companies and millions of new jobs to our shores. Today’s high taxes on American Business are a gift to the foreign countries taking our jobs, factories, and wealth —  and we’re not going to allow it any longer. Along with our historic tax cut we are proposing dramatic tax simplification. American taxpayers spend billions of hours each year complying with our archaic tax laws, reducing economic productivity and job creation. The complexity of the tax code also disadvantages small businesses and   companies who can’t afford to hire an army of lawyers, and that’s what it is, it’s an army of lawyers, and lobbyists, or accountants. Other people can do it, you can’t, and it’s not fair to ask you to even think about it. That is why we are cleaning up the code, streamlining deductions, and eliminating many special interest tax breaks that largely benefit only the wealthy. Just weeks ago, millions of Americans filed their taxes on Tax Day —  they were reminded again how much they give to Washington. We believe every day Americans know better how to spend their own money than the federal bureaucracy, and we want to help them keep as much of that   money as we can. Tax reform, along with regulatory relief and fair trade deals —  and we’re going to make them fair —  but even really good again for our country, and for our workers. All of this will usher in a new era of prosperity in America  —   and bring wealth, hope, and opportunity to those communities that need it the most. Together, we are going to fight for every last American job. And we are going to fight for great, great trade deals that are so good for our workers, and so good for our families. Thank you, God Bless You, and God Bless America. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
13024,Trump's Great America To Deport Teenage Babysitter for Tax Evasion,"Topics: arrest , Donald J. Trump , James Comey Tuesday, 15 November 2016 
Austin, TX - A local babysitter of Mexican descent was arrested yesterday for failing to pay taxes on income earned while babysitting. The babysitter, a 15-year old juvenile, will be arraigned in Federal court on Tuesday. 
The girl, whose name is being withheld due to her age, reportedly earned $1,800 from babysitting over the course of the prior tax year, and is a full time high school student with strong grades. 
FBI officials tracked check deposits made at a community bank. Parents all reported that the checks were for babysitting services. 
The income should have been reported by April 15, subject to an extension. The babysitter is also being charged with Social Security fraud and Medicare fraud. 
Local FBI officials, led by Director James Comey, applauded the new initiative modeled after the policies of Donald Trump, stating, ""Here we are, making America great again! Feeling so proud! This is exactly what we planned for!"" 
One FBI insider stated anonymously, ""The juvenile was brought into the country as an infant illegally and based on her tax evasion, she is a criminal, so we need to get her back over that wall, or fence, or whatever it will be, just get her back to Mexico, let's just say."" 
Trump denies that his policies imply such extreme actions and denied any accountability, tweeting, ""Comey is going rogue again."" 
Many young parents are disappointed with the news. The juvenile was known as one of the neighborhood's most popular babysitters. 
""Such a shock,"" stated one local mother who would not give her name, ""Where am I supposed to get my babysitting services now?"" 
mike_peril@aol.com Make Mike Peril's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
13025,5 Classic Fall Recipes That Can Be Made Healthier,"There’s something about the cooler fall weather that makes my family want to huddle up indoors and eat sweets. Humans are likely programmed to do just this, but let’s not let a change of seasons derail our healthy eating. Here are 5 modified classic fall recipes that will still make your house smell amazing and satisfy your sweet tooth—all without packing on the pounds.
5 Favorite Fall Recipes – the Healthy Way! 1. Pumpkin Pie Pumpkin pie defines the Thanksgiving holiday in my household—we eat it as a dessert, but we also eat the leftovers for breakfast. This version adds in rolled oats for fiber and has healthy ground flax, but the full-fat coconut milk means a rich, creamy pie that satisfies.
Ingredients: 
1 can (15oz) pumpkin puree 1 (13.5oz) can full-fat coconut milk 1/4 cup gluten-free rolled oats 2 tbsp ground flax 1/4 cup coconut sugar 2 tbsp molasses 2 tsp cinnamon 1 tsp pumpkin pie spice 1/2 tsp salt 1 tbsp pure vanilla extract Instructions: 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Mix the above ingredients together, then pour into a prepared pie crust in a 10-inch round pan. Bake for 30 minutes (it might still appear undercooked—don’t worry!). Let your pie cool, then refrigerate for at least 5 hours. 2. Apple Cider Ingredients: 
6 cups of organic apple juice 1/4 cups of real maple syrup (you can use even less – let’s face it, apple juice is sweet on its own) 2 cinnamon sticks 6 whole cloves 6 whole allspice berries (optional)* 1 orange peel, cut into strips (optional)* 1 lemon peel, cut into strips (optional)* *Remember, the richness of flavor makes up for a lack of sugar—I’d rather have a spicier cider than one that is too syrupy sweet…
Instructions: 
Pour the apple juice and maple syrup into a large stainless steel saucepan. Place the cinnamon sticks, cloves, allspice berries, orange peel and lemon peel in the center of a washed square of cheesecloth; fold up the sides of the cheesecloth to enclose the bundle, then tie it up with a length of kitchen string. Drop the spice bundle into the cider mixture. I’m not that concerned if it all sits in the broth loose – just be careful not to pour it into your mugs when you serve it. Place the saucepan over moderate heat for 5 to 10 minutes, or until the cider is very hot but not boiling. You can leave it on the lowest simmer during a party. Remove the cider from the heat. Discard the spice bundle. Ladle the cider into big cups or mugs, adding a fresh cinnamon stick to each serving if desired. 3. Slow Cooker Baked Apples I love using my slow cooker, especially during autumn. It’s so nice to throw some ingredients in during the morning and then to come home to a house that smells amazing. This simple dessert makes use of the natural sweetness of apples and leaves out much of the sugar.
Ingredients: 
5 cups sliced peeled Granny Smith apples (4 medium) 5 cups sliced peeled Braeburn apples (4 medium) ¼ cup margarine (optional) 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice ¼ cup packed brown sugar (you can even use less or leave it out entirely—experiment to see what works the best for you) 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon ¼ cup apple cider Instructions: 
Simply mix all ingredients and cook on low for 3-4 hours. If you’re going to be out all day make sure to set the timer on your slow cooker so the apples don’t get mushy. 4. Spiced Pear Cake This spiced pear cake is a crowd pleaser and a great way to use up your canned pears. We’re leaving off the icing in order to make this a healthier choice, but see this recipe for a richer, more decadent version.
Ingredients 
For cake:
1 quart-size jar of canned spiced pears , drained (about 3 cups) 3 large eggs 1 1/2 cups of maple syrup 1 1⁄4 cups coconut oil 3 cups gluten-free all-purpose flour 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon baking soda 1/4 cup walnuts or pecans, coarsely chopped 2 teaspoons vanilla extract Instructions
Preheat oven to 350°. In a large mixing bowl, beat eggs, 2 cups sugar, and oil until blended. Combine flour, salt, and baking soda, and add to egg mixture, stir slowly until blended. Fold in pears, chopped nuts, and vanilla extract. Pour batter into a greased and floured 10-inch Bundt pan. Bake at 350° for 1 hour or until a wooden pick inserted in center of cake comes out clean. 5. Pumpkin Spice Waffles Adding a little pumpkin spice is a surefire way to savor the fall weather (just ask Starbucks!). Working pumpkin into this traditional waffle recipe (and then tweaking to make it healthier) is a great way to make your breakfasts festive for the fall.
Ingredients 
3/4 cup maple syrup 3 tablespoons cornstarch 1-1/4 cup gluten-free all-purpose flour 1-1/2 teaspoon baking powder 1/2 teaspoon sea salt 2 teaspoon cinnamon 2 teaspoon ginger 1/4 teaspoon cloves 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg 2 large eggs 1 cup 2% milk 1 cup canned solid-pack pumpkin 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and warm Instructions: 
Lightly oil and preheat waffle iron. In a large bowl, combine brown sugar and cornstarch in a large bowl. Whisk together to break apart the cornstarch and blend. Add the remaining dry ingredients, and whisk to blend. Separate eggs: yolks go in a medium sized bowl and whites get set aside in a smaller bowl. In a medium bowl, add pumpkin, milk and egg yolks. Whisk to blend. In a small bowl, whip egg whites with a hand mixer on high until stiff peaks form. Set aside. Pour melted butter into pumpkin mixture. As you pour, whisk to combine. Add the pumpkin mixture to the dry ingredients, and mix together until just combined. Slide the whipped egg whites out of the bowl and onto the mixture you just prepared. Gently fold them in until completely mixed. Once the waffle iron is heated, pour batter and press down until ready – about 3 minutes. Pamela Bofferding is a native Texan who now lives with her husband and sons in New York City. She enjoys hiking, traveling, and playing with her dogs.
This information has been made available by Ready Nutrition 
Originally published November 9th, 2016 Pumpkin Spice Waffles Spiced Pear Cake Warm Drinks for the Chilly Season 8 Delicious Things to Make With Pumpkin Guilt-Free Chocolate Fudge Brownies {gluten free and paleo} ",0
13026,"Mystery death of Putin’s ex-adviser in DC was accident, say US authorities","Mystery death of Putin’s ex-adviser in DC was accident, say US authorities   Intel news 
The mysterious death in Washington, DC, of a former senior adviser to Russian President Vladimir Putin, who had fallen out with the Russian president, was the result of an accident, US authorities have concluded after a year-long investigation. The body of Mikhail Yuriyevich Lesin, a well-known Russian media mogul, was found in the luxury Dupont Circle Hotel on November 5, 2015. According to reports, his body bore considerable injuries on his torso and limbs. Some unconfirmed updates suggested that Lesin had died from several “blunt force injuries to the head”. But United States authorities refused to speculate on the cause of Lesin’s death and opened an official investigation into the matter. 
Lesin became famous in Russia soon after the collapse of the communist system, when he founded Video International, an advertising and public-relations agency that was hired by Russian President Boris Yeltsin in 1995 to run his reelection campaign. Yeltsin’s electoral success was partly attributed to the well-tailored media message projected by Lesin’s company. The media magnate was rewarded by Yeltsin, who offered him influential government posts, including that of director of Russia’s state-owned news agency Novosti. Meanwhile, Lesin became a media personality and frequently gave interviews espousing a free-enterprise model for the Russian media industry. But soon after Vladimir Putin’s ascendance to the presidency, Lesin saw the writing on the wall and began advocating for increased government regulation of media and telecommunications conglomerates. In 1999, Putin made him Minister of Press, Broadcasting and Mass Communications, a post he held for nearly six years, until 2004. In 2006, Lesin was awarded the Order for Merit to the Fatherland, one of the most prestigious civilian decorations in Russia. 
But in late 2009, Putin abruptly fired Lesin from his post in the Kremlin’s Media Advisory Commission, allegedly because the media mogul had developed close contacts with Russian organized crime. Lesin’s ties with Putin’s inner circle were further strained in 2014, when he resigned from his position as head of Gazprom Media, after he clashed with pro-Putin executives on the board. Last November, when Lesin’s body was found in his hotel room by a member of the staff, some suggested that he may have been killed by the Kremlin. But On Friday, the Metropolitan Police Department of Washington, DC, in cooperation with the US Attorney’s Office for the District of Columbia, said that Lesin’s death had been the result of injuries “induced by falls”, which came after “days of excessive consumption of alcohol”. The two agencies said that the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which had assisted in the investigation into Lesin’s death, concurred with the results. Consequently, the investigation is now closed, they said. The Kremlin, the Russian embassy in Washington, and the FBI, have not commented on the case. Share This Article...",0
13027,Why Doesn’t SNL Ridicule Barack Obama?,"Walter E. Block https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/doesnt-snl-ridicule-barack-obama/ 
I was listening the NPR (National Pinko Radio – I’m a masochist; I just want to be acquainted with the “thinking” of our friends on the left) this morning, and they were discussion the SNL (Saturday Night Liberal) television show. It turns out that this broadcast reaches a pinnacle of listeners every four years, during the political campaigns. Recently, I learned, they have been bashing Donald Trump very heavily, and Hilary Clinton very lightly, if at all. Chevy Chase did a series of numbers on Gerald Ford in similar manner. Ronald Reagan was also nastily targeted. The issue came up, why didn’t SNL also use Barack Obama as the butt of their jokes? The explanation from the “experts” brought in to this NPR show was that he was too “cool” to spoof, he had no characteristics that humorists could poke fun at, he was too wonderful to parody, etc. I wonder, can anyone think of any other reasons Obama was never dragged through the mud like other politicians? I can’t think of any. This sounds like God’s truth to me. But, enquiring minds want to know. 2:12 pm on October 28, 2016",0
13028,Are you shitting me !! A dindu flavor 24 - 'Jack Bauer??,"Are you shitting me !! A dindu flavor 24 - 'Jack Bauer?? ..PASS!!! 01/31/07 5 01/12/09 11 Mail with questions or comments about this site. ""Godlike Productions"" & ""GLP"" are registered trademarks of Zero Point Ltd. Godlike™ Website Design Copyright © 1999 - 2015 Godlikeproductions.com Page generated in 0.006s (8 queries)",0
13029,A Martian Looks at Election Day,"by Lambert Strether 
By Lambert Strether of Corrente . 
Tomorrow, election day will be only one week away. In this post I want to talk about two distinct subjects. First, I want to talk about the sort of calculation that a Martian might make when confronted by the choice we will face in the voting booth. Then, I’d like to paint a brief picture of what election day would look like, in a world where I didn’t want to claw out my eyeballs. 
A Martian Looks at Election Outcomes in 2016 
I say “Martian,” because a Martian is so detached that the 30,000-foot view looks like a close-up, and I think in this election detachment is a virtue (see above at “claw out my eyeballs”). 
So a Martian would feel that despite the all the sound and fury, the numbers have not been that crazy (assuming one trusts them). Among registered voters: Emphasizing how remarkably stable the &#39;16 race has been — going back to Sept. 2015 https://t.co/odFykkIm8m pic.twitter.com/2CKuS9Qi9G 
&mdash; Mark Murray (@mmurraypolitics) October 31, 2016 
RealClearPolitics has a similar chart averaging all the polls with a vertical scale that makes the swings a lot bigger. To me, the pattern of the race is that Clinton starts out with, and retains, a natural institutional advantage of around four points. Again from the head-to-head RCP chart, Trump has closed and then pulled even six times: September 2015, December 2015, February 2016, May 2016, July 2016, and September 2016. And each time either Clinton’s institutional advantages have re-asserted themselves, or Trump has shot himself in the foot (take your pick). Trump is closing now. Can he pull ahead and close the deal? Unknown. Based on past performance, no. Then again, as I remarked before the latest email eruption, “a week is a long time in politics,” Wikileaks has yet to drop its final shoe, and each campaign probably has a garbage truck full of oppo fired up and ready to go. 
Paradoxically, Martians are not warlike, since the thin air, small population, and harsh conditions on Mars make war a species-threatening event. For the same reason, Martians prize the deep memories of elders while treating every child as precious. And Martians resist “Marsization,” because the one time there actually was a single, Mars-wide, cosmopolitan class of elite overlords they tried to invade the Earth, and who knows where that would have led! So if you were a Martian, and you believed that Clinton’s election would lead to a new war , and you believe that endorsing Bowles-Simpson and “hemispheric trade” in a speech at Goldman Sachs mean a Grand Bargain and TPP passage respectively, then you might look askance at a likely Clinton victory. What do do? If you had a Martian friend who followed American elections obsessively — this is similar to Southeast Asian countries where people obsessively follow English Premier League football — this is what your friend might tell you: 
The last thing you want is for Clinton to be able to enact her (real, private) agenda. Sure, she might make some small good changes, but if you throw war, a Grand Bargain, and the surrender of national sovereignty with another so-called trade deal on one side of the scale, it’s hard to see what outweighs them on the other, at least in terms of concrete material benefits.[1] So, working on the assumption that Clinton will win, what you need is: 
A Republican House . Here, the checks and balances built into the American system favor gridlock, and gridlock is your friend, since little legislation will get passed. Whether the House Republicans impeach Clinton if the Senate is in Democrat hands is an open question, but with Clinton having privatized the email server for her public office and the shenanigans at the Clinton Foundation , the Clinton administration will provide a target-rich environment. I woudn’t put it past them to try to take Clinton’s security clearance away! 
A Democrat Senate . The emergence of left(ish) party barons with independent power bases is the untold story of election 2016. Warren is at least sound on banksters and financial power, and Sanders, while not a Bolshevik, is well to the left of the Democrat mainstream. That’s a Good Thing. Both are prolific fundraisers who don’t need the DNC. If the Republicans hold the Senate, the tendency will be for Democrats to stick together. If the Democrats do, then Baron Warren and Baron Sanders (and allies like Sherrod Brown ) will feel more free to drag the party left. 
A close race . If Clinton wins, she’ll claim a mandate if the margin is a tenth of a percent. But in the same way that anybody can print money, but the trick is getting other people to accept it, others will be less likely to accept her claim the closer the result is. (I think the result would have to be better than the four points Obama beat Romney by — 51.1% to 47.2% — and as of today, Clinton’s margin is 2.8% in RCP’s four-way average .) Of course, Bush claimed a mandate in 2004, too — true story: I managed to Google-bomb “Bush mandate” to Mandate magazine, back in the day when Google-bombing wasn’t hard — and proceeded to try to gut Social Security, whereupon the Democrats promptly gutted him and went on to win the 2006 mid-terms. But why make it easy? 
So, that’s the Martian perspective on the race. Surprisingly or not, the personal characteristics of puny Earthling candidates are not a factor! Nor are cultural or class markers! 
Elections on Mars 
Here is how Election Day works on Mars. Again because of planetary and cultural characteristics, Martians reserve tricky and complex electronic devices for important things, like distributed Martian parallel chess, or space operas. They are also convivial, and they hate to be manipulated by large and opaque forces (that time the Jovians invaded). Obviously, I can’t provide links for most of this — the Uniform Resource Locator is a global standard, not an interplanetary one — but in short form: 
1. On Mars, Election Day is a national holiday. That’s because Martians, unlike American Earthlings, think that everybody should have an equal opportunity to vote. Voting is equally easy for almost every Martian, whether they work or not. 
2. The Martians use hand-marked paper ballots, hand-counted in public. This is remarkably similar to international standards on Earth (which the United States does not use): 
Last March, the country’s highest court found that secret, computerized vote counting was unconstitutional. Unfortunately, the country was Germany, and the Constitution violated by e-voting systems was the one that the U.S. wrote and insisted Germans ratify as part of their terms of surrender following WWII. 
Paul Lehto, a U.S. election attorney and Constitutional rights expert, summarized the German court’s unambiguous, landmark finding : “No ‘specialized technical knowledge’ can be required of citizens to vote or to monitor vote counts.” There is a “constitutional requirement of a publicly observed count.” “[T]he government substitution of its own check or what we’d probably call an ‘audit’ is no substitute at all for public observation.” “A paper trail simply does not suffice to meet the above standards. “As a result of these principles,…’all independent observers’ conclude that ‘electronic voting machines are totally banned in Germany’ because no conceivable computerized voting system can cast and count votes that meet the twin requirements of…being both ‘observable’ and also not requiring specialized technical knowledge. 
Hand-counting paper ballots is no good at all, argue critics, unless you really want to know who the actual winner of the election was… 
After the verdict in the case — filed by a computer expert and his political scientist son — Lehto wondered how it could be that open, observable democracy is seemingly an inviolable right for “conquered Nazis,” but not, apparently, for citizens of the United States… 
3. The Martians throw a big party at the precinct after the paper ballots have all been hand-counted. That’s partly because Martians are convivial, but also because the Martians think that democracy is important and ought to be celebrated. (Again, because the Martian population is small, they wish to begin the conciliation process between winner and loser immediately, lest fratricidal violence result, and there’s no better way to do that than over food.) 
4. The Martians regulate all forms of political advertising for size (small) and frequency (not often), whether for candidates or policies. That’s because the Martians wish to minimize manipulatio by encouraging face-to-face forms of persuasion and deliberation in public venues wherever possible. 
5. The Martians ban published polling data thirty days before the election. That’s because Martians believe that they each should vote for their own reasons, and that elections (unlike markets) are not (manipulative) beauty contests. 
Conclusions 
Crazy Martians! What are they thinking? 
NOTES 
[1] Sadly, the time for an all-out assault on Republican “obstructionism” was 2009, when all the stars had aligned: The Republicans had no credibility, and the Democrats had the House, the Senate, the most powerful orator of our time (so it was said), in the White House, and a mandate for “hope and change.” Of course, Obama (assuming good faith) squandered this opportunity, starting with his inaugural speech, if not before. 
APPENDIX 
And then there’s Evan McMullin, doing well in Utah . I haven’t seen any actual evidence that he’s Mitt Romney’s straw in case of some kinda electoral college debacle…. 0 0 0 0 0 0",0
13030,"‘Ethics in the Real World,’ Peter Singer’s Provocative Essays - The New York Times","In his influential memoir, “Hillbilly Elegy” (2016) J. D. Vance explains why some   Americans turned against Michelle Obama. The first lady, he writes, “tells us that we shouldn’t be feeding our children certain foods, and we hate her for it  —   not because we think she’s wrong, but because we know she’s right. ” It is possible to dislike the philosopher Peter Singer  —   born in Australia, he teaches at Princeton University  —   along similar lines. He is right about so many things, and appears to live so much more virtuously than most of us do, that listening him can make you want to tip a turtle on its back or consume all the endangered seafood that’s left because, as a blowhard I know put it, “If we don’t eat it now, there are a billion people right behind us who will. ” Mr. Singer is best known for his book “Animal Liberation” (1975) a founding text of the contemporary   movement. More recently he has been interested in effective altruism, which asks: How can we use what we have to help others the most? He takes aim at sins of omission. In his book “The Life You Can Save” (2009) and elsewhere, he has argued that if relatively affluent Westerners do not regularly donate at least a sliver of our incomes to aid agencies, to prevent the unnecessary deaths of millions of people worldwide, we are in the moral wrong. We are complicit in something close to murder. In his new book, “Ethics in the Real World: 82 Brief Essays on Things That Matter,” Mr. Singer picks up the topics of animal rights and poverty amelioration and runs quite far with them. But he’s written better and more fully about these issues elsewhere they are not the primary reason to come to this book. “Ethics in the Real World” comprises short pieces, most of them previously published. This book is interesting because it offers a chance to witness this influential thinker grapple with more offbeat questions. Among the essay titles here: “Should Adult Sibling Incest Be a Crime?” “Is It O. K. to Cheat at Football?” “Tiger Mothers or Elephant Mothers?” “Rights for Robots?” and “Kidneys for Sale?” This book is the equivalent of a moral news conference, or a particularly good Terry Gross interview. Its informal quality is tonic. I’m reminded of a comment by the critic Wilfrid Sheed, who said he would trade half of Lord Byron’s “Childe Harold’s Pilgrimage” for an interview with him, and “all of ‘Adam Bede’ for the same with George Eliot. ” The first thing that needs to be said about “Ethics in the Real World” is that the writing is mostly dishwater gray. Mr. Singer seems to regard wit as immoral adornment. He picks up his topics as if they were heavy rocks, hauls them a few feet, and drops them, sometimes on our toes. His abstemious style made me long for a despairing wisecrack. What carries you is the quality of his thought. He is persuasive on so many topics that he makes you wish we could turn the world off, then on again, in an attempt to reset it. He is an ardent critic of religion. About the notion, strong in my own childhood, that we were born with original sin because Eve flouted God’s decree against eating from the tree of knowledge, he writes: “This is a triply repellent idea, for it implies, firstly, that knowledge is a bad thing, secondly, that disobeying god’s will is the greatest sin of all, and thirdly, that children inherit the sins of their ancestors, and may be justly punished for them. ” He speaks loudly on behalf of tolerance. He believes we should allow for three categories on passports and other documents: “male, female, and indeterminate. ” He further argues that the world would be a better place if humans were not so often asked to proclaim their sex on forms. He leans in favor of permitting adult incest because for him, an essential question is always this one: “When someone proposes making something a criminal offense, we should always ask: who is harmed?” In one of my favorite passages, he zeros in on those who pay many millions of dollars for paintings while people are starving. The art critic in him emerges. Writing about the sale of paintings by artists like Barnett Newman, Mark Rothko and Andy Warhol for obscene sums at Christie’s, he declares: “Why would anyone want to pay tens of millions of dollars for works like these? They are not beautiful, nor do they display great artistic skill. They are not even unusual within the artist’s oeuvres. Do an image search for ‘Barnett Newman’ and you will see many paintings with vertical color bars, usually divided by a thin line. Once Newman had an idea, it seems, he liked to work out all the variations. ” His bottom line: “In a more ethical world, to spend tens of millions of dollars on works of art would be   not  . ” There is an essay about how to keep a New Year’s resolution. In another he denounces the trend, seen in some Manhattan restaurants and bars, toward decorating with   kitsch, including images of Stalin. At least he writes, “To the best of my knowledge, there is no   restaurant in New York nor is there a Gestapo or SS bar. ” Late in this book, Mr. Singer reports that one of his daughters once asked him, during a car ride, “Would you rather that we were clever or that we were happy?” Mr. Singer finds moral behavior to be its own kind of cleverness, and certainly  .",0
13031,Donald Trump’s Speech: What You Missed and Our Fact Checks - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump has had a rough week, overseeing a   of his campaign staff and reporting a dismal   total. The presumptive Republican presidential nominee tried to refocus his campaign on Wednesday with a speech attacking his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton. But he took liberties with the truth, delivering a series of inaccurate and misleading statements. Some of the highlights, and our fact checks: • Mr. Trump began his speech by lamenting America’s crumbling infrastructure and weak economy. Taking a jab at his opponent, he said: “I know these problems can all be fixed, but not by Hillary Clinton. Only by me. ” • Mr. Trump called Mrs. Clinton a “  liar,” singling out her statements about her email server and her “phony landing in Bosnia,” a reference to comments Mrs. Clinton made in her 2008 campaign about a 1996 trip to Bosnia as first lady. “We had to land a certain way and move quickly because of the threat of sniper fire,” she said. Fact Check: Footage later emerged of Mrs. Clinton, accompanied by her daughter, Chelsea, walking calmly on the tarmac in a serene scene. She later said she “misspoke. ” •  Mr. Trump assailed Mrs. Clinton’s record as secretary of state, warning that she does not have the temperament or the judgment to be president. He also accused her of running the State Department like a “hedge fund” and suggesting that she had something to hide in the “secret speeches” she made to Wall Street banks. • Mr. Trump defended his business record, recalling that he began his career in Brooklyn with a small loan and built a business worth more than $10 billion. “I have always had a talent for building businesses and, importantly, creating jobs,” he said. “That is a talent our country desperately needs. ” Fact Check: This substantially understates the financial assistance that Mr. Trump received from his father, Fred, a major real estate developer in New York City. The   “loan” was for $1 million, a handsome sum that is by no means “small. ” But the elder Mr. Trump did not stop there: He handed his son control of a large company with significant property holdings across the city, whose substantial value is difficult to quantify or overstate. Without this leg up, it’s unclear whether Mr. Trump could have built the business empire that he has. • Mr. Trump said that Mrs. Clinton “has spent her entire life making money for special interests  —   and I will tell you, she has made plenty of money for them, and she has been taking plenty of money out for herself. ” Fact Check: This assertion is mostly false. Early in her career, Mrs. Clinton worked for the Children’s Defense Fund and as a lawyer for the House impeachment inquiry against President Richard Nixon, and later worked at the private Rose Law Firm in Arkansas, focusing on intellectual property and other cases. Much of her career has been devoted to government service, as first lady, United States senator and secretary of state. But Mrs. Clinton did receive millions of dollars in paid speeches to banks and others and has served on the boards of corporations like Walmart. Mr. Trump argues that she also made money for big donors through her activities at the State Department and her family foundation, but he has not offered clear, convincing proof. • Turning to trade, Mr. Trump said that Mrs. Clinton supported the North American Free Trade Agreement and cited China’s entrance into the World Trade Organization as evidence that his opponent will support deals that harm American workers. He also said that her record as secretary of state should be scorned because America’s trade deficit with China soared under her tenure. Fact Check: As first lady, Mrs. Clinton privately expressed skepticism about Nafta, the trade pact that President Bill Clinton signed into law in 1993, though she made statements supportive of it. The trade pact has been widely blamed for the loss of American manufacturing jobs. Mrs. Clinton has called for parts of Nafta to be renegotiated and has said that the   Partnership, President Obama’s   pact that she supported while serving as secretary of state, doesn’t meet her “high bar” on protecting American workers and the environment. • Mr. Trump directly blamed Mrs. Clinton for the death of Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens in Benghazi, Libya, calling her a liar who ignored his requests for help. “Her decisions spread death, destruction and terrorism everywhere she touched,” Mr. Trump said, calling the rise of the Islamic State and chaos in the Middle East the fault of the former secretary of state. • Mr. Trump changed his tone on Muslims, whom he has previously accused of being generally complicit in the violence carried out Islamic terrorists. “ISIS also threatens peaceful Muslims across the Middle East, and peaceful Muslims across the world, who have been terribly victimized by horrible brutality  —   and who only want to raise their kids in peace and safety,” he said. • Mr. Trump suggested that Mrs. Clinton was responsible for making Iran the “dominant power in the Middle East and on the road to nuclear weapons. ” Fact Check: Iran is certainly a dominant power in the Middle East, but so is Saudi Arabia, and so is Israel. But Tehran is farther from nuclear weapons than it was a year ago, when Mr. Trump began his campaign. It has given up 98 percent of its nuclear fuel in the past year, and partly dismantled many of its nuclear facilities, under an accord that had its roots in Mrs. Clinton’s time as secretary of state. • Peter Schweizer, the author of “Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich,” which Mr. Trump repeatedly referred to, is a   conservative author who is a senior    at Breitbart News and is affiliated with the conservative Hoover Institution. • Mr. Trump laid out six bullet points from the book to argue that Mrs. Clinton is the “most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency. ” He accused her of taking millions of dollars from foreign regimes that support Shariah law and abuse women. • Mr. Trump tied the recent Orlando shootings to his immigration plans, saying, “I only want to admit people who share our values and love our people. Hillary Clinton wants to bring in people who believe women should be enslaved and gays put to death. ” Fact Check: Mr. Trump has proposed temporarily barring all noncitizen Muslims from entering the United States he has never made distinctions about Muslims who “share our values,” and it would be impossible to verify that immigrants “love our people. ” His assertion about Mrs. Clinton is based on her support for current United States policy that allows immigration from some countries where women lack equal rights and homosexuality may be punishable by death. • Mr. Trump said that, if elected president, in his first 100 days he would “appoint judges who will uphold the Constitution of the United States” and added, “Hillary Clinton’s radical judges will virtually abolish the Second Amendment  —   can’t let that happen. ” Fact Check: Mr. Trump has released the names of several conservative jurists whom he would appoint to the open seat on the Supreme Court if he wins in November and Mr. Obama’s current nominee is not confirmed. Mrs. Clinton has not said whom she would appoint, but the notion that she would nominate judges who would somehow overrule the Second Amendment is a Republican talking point that is not based on statements or past actions by Mrs. Clinton. She does favor new gun control rules, but she has said she would seek them through legislation or executive action. • Mr. Trump lamented that the country has been thinking small and relying too much on other countries: “We lost our sense of purpose, and daring,” he said. “But that’s not who we are. ” If that line sounds familiar, it’s because it is one of Mr. Obama’s favorite lines, usually used to describe a generous, internationalist America. • At one point, Mr. Trump said that the United States is “the highest taxed nation in the world. ” Fact Check: This is inaccurate, according to several organizations that have examined the claim. A thorough check by PolitiFact found about 30 countries that have higher tax rate structures than the United States, including Denmark, Luxembourg and Belgium. That has not stopped Mr. Trump from making this claim repeatedly. • Mr. Trump stated that Mrs. Clinton accepted a gift of jewelry from the leaders of Brunei valued at $58, 000. Fact Check: This is a misleading claim that omits key information. Mrs. Clinton, as secretary of state, may have received this gift but she did not keep it. As required by State Department rules, Mrs. Clinton transferred the jewelry to the United States government. • Mr. Trump concluded on a positive “morning in America” note, promising that he would put Americans back to work, restoring hope for struggling   families and ushering in a new era of wealth. “Americans are going to start believing in the future of our country,” he said.",0
13032,Phil Collins Is Very Much Alive - The New York Times,"The return of Phil Collins has been extraordinarily slow. That’s on purpose. After decades as the drummer and   Gabriel lead singer for Genesis, as well as a commercially dominant solo run as the poster boy for pillowy ’80s pop excess, Mr. Collins retired as a    rock elder in 2011. As with most musician goodbyes, the dormant period didn’t last. (Presciently, Mr. Collins had called his tour in support of the 2002 album “Testify,” his most recent release of original material, the “First Farewell Tour. ”) Since announcing his resurgence last year, Mr. Collins, 65, has performed at a handful of charity events, in addition to starting the process of reissuing eight of his solo albums. On Aug. 29, he will be the musical guest at the opening ceremony for the United States Open tennis tournament in Flushing, Queens  —   the biggest stage he’s graced in some time Leslie Odom Jr. the   “Hamilton” alum, is scheduled to join Mr. Collins in a duet. The gig serves as a   of sorts for a busy fall: In October, a   collection, “The Singles” (including seven American No. 1s) is due out alongside Mr. Collins’s memoir, “Not Dead Yet. ” “It’s like a cartoon character that’s being pulled along with his feet dug in,” Mr. Collins said of his comeback, though he’s often doing both the dragging and the digging in. Over the phone from his home in Miami, he discussed his hesitancy, fueled by both health issues and fatherhood, and how making himself scarce has improved his legacy. These are edited excerpts from the conversation. How is   treating you? Well, you know, whatever I am doing, I’m doing slowly. I’m just being a little tentative. It’s very dangerous, as my oldest daughter, Joely, told me, to stop doing what you’ve done all your life. I joined Genesis when I was 19. I was drumming from the age of 5. You’re taking away something that makes you tick. When she said that a few years ago, when I first retired, that stayed with me. Then you get out there [to perform] and people like what you do, and you think, “I can do more of this. ” What’s your daily routine like now? I do very little. To be honest, even this week, I’ve still been working on this memoir. Otherwise, it’s just really family stuff. When I first moved [to Miami] I couldn’t wait to be back with my kids. I was taking them to school, getting up at 6:30, picking them up later. The day revolved around that. But I had back surgery last year, which was necessary because my back was [expletive] after all the years playing drums. The surgery left me with a numb right foot  —   they call it drop foot. You have no motor down there. The nerves regenerate over a period of a year and a half or two years. It’s been nine months. I can’t go out and play football with my youngest, and I can’t drive. So that’s kind of limiting. How often are you playing music? Very little, actually. [My son] Nick, who’s 15 now, I listen to him play, I watch his band. I’ve got a grand piano here, and sometimes Nick will say, “How do you play this, Dad?” But without going into the war wounds, my left hand had some neural thing happen to it, which stopped me from playing the drums. That kind of has restricted [piano] as well. I’ve got a little studio here, and at some point, I will turn it on and start fooling around. That day is getting closer. I think about it a lot  —   I’ve got a lot of lyrical ideas  —   but I keep putting it off. What do you make of the critical   of your work in the last few years? I think it’s fantastic. I think, with some critics, I became synonymous with an era of music that they didn’t like, and they were suspicious of all success, which is understandable. You end up painted into a corner that it’s impossible to get out of. I don’t lie awake and think about this, but I withdrew in 2005, and I think I was quite honest about why: I wanted to write myself out of the script. When the reissued albums came out  —   which I was reluctant to do at first, until I found some way I could be proud of it  —   I thought, “This is exactly what I’d hoped for. ” Of course, records sell differently now than when I was making them, so it wasn’t a question of cashing in. It was giving people a chance to   this person that had become a whipping boy for the ’80s. I was so pleased that people were able to say, “I   at this, and it’s better than I thought. ” Is there a part of you that wants to get involved with this new generation, à la Paul McCartney with Kanye West, or Nile Rodgers with Daft Punk? It’s not that I haven’t had the offers. It’s just I’m trying my best not to get busy. Doing the book was an  . I have not really realized just how incessantly I was out there. From tour to tour to tour, one record, one collaboration after the other. It was an incredibly dense 25 years. What gets you out of the house for something like the United States Open? Is it the paycheck? I don’t even know if I’m getting paid for it. I don’t, seriously. If I am, I don’t know what it is. I think my manager put it to me that he’d been asked, assuming I’d say no, and I said, “Actually, why not?” It’s not a big ask. It’s just a couple of songs at the opening of something that I would probably be watching anyway. You’ve said your memoir will be embarrassingly honest. What were some of the harder things to include? With three marriages, you know, and what happened   …     I stress it’s not a   book. I’m not blaming anybody. I was just working so much, and stuff got in the way. There’s a chapter in it about the drinking, which escalated when my third marriage broke up, and I retired. I was left with this huge void. I didn’t want to work because I wanted to be with the kids, but the kids weren’t there anymore, because they moved to Miami, and I was still in Switzerland. You start drinking, and then you start drinking too much. Then it physically hurts you. I came very close to dying at that point. I’m being honest about that. The book is honest, it’s  . I’m not shirking my responsibilities. I apologize when I need to.",0
13033,"Israel, a Medical Marijuana Pioneer, Is Eager to Capitalize - The New York Times","JERUSALEM  —   Israeli scientists began their pioneering research to isolate the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana with a   stash seized by the Tel Aviv police. That effort, in the 1960s, helped propel Israel to the vanguard of research into the plant’s medicinal properties and lay the foundations for a medical marijuana industry. Now the nation’s burgeoning pot business, backed by an unlikely coalition of farmers, lawyers, scientists, entrepreneurs and the country’s   health minister, is going mainstream  —   and eyeing markets abroad. Marijuana, or cannabis, is still classified as a dangerous drug in Israel and remains illegal for recreational purposes. But the government is also at the forefront of efforts to develop and expand the   medical marijuana industry and make Israel a major center for it. Recent government efforts to regulate medical marijuana will make it more accessible and available by prescription at pharmacies. The government has also appointed a committee to examine the possibility of Israel becoming one of the few countries to allow exports, although the destination for products remains unclear. The Volcani Center, the Ministry of Agriculture’s research organization, is building a national institute for medical marijuana research. The chief scientist’s office of the Ministry of Economy has infused millions of shekels into innovative marijuana companies, much as government investment helped fuel the Israeli tech boom in the 1990s. The government is also setting standards for the cultivation, storage and use of medical marijuana. “It is almost unprecedented,” said Tamir Gedo, the chief executive of Breath of Life Pharma, an Israeli company permitted to grow medical cannabis and make and distribute products. “It seems the government is working faster than the private industry. ” The reforms spearheaded by the Health Ministry, which is led by Yaakov Litzman of the   United Torah Judaism Party, open up licensing for an unlimited number of growers, up from eight farms. The list of doctors trained and authorized to prescribe marijuana is to be expanded and research encouraged. The reforms, which were approved by the government in the summer, were formulated in cooperation with the Ministries of Agriculture, Justice, Internal Security and Finance. “I cannot say that I am in favor of cannabis,” Mr. Litzman said at a business conference last month, reflecting concerns that medical marijuana could trickle into the recreational market. But Mr. Litzman said he would even support the idea of export so long as revenues went to the Health Ministry, adding, “There is a lot of pressure on me. ” Some of Israel’s more traditional medical institutions and associations are still averse to joining the party, a wariness that marijuana advocates put down to a lack of knowledge. The police worry about leakage into the recreational black market, and some Israelis are concerned that export, if allowed, would stigmatize the country as one that dealt primarily in arms and drugs. About 25, 000 Israelis, in a population of 8. 5 million, hold permits to use medical marijuana to ease symptoms of cancer, epilepsy and other diseases, but that number is expected to grow rapidly. So far, medical marijuana has been distributed by the growers through special dispensaries or by home delivery. The Health Ministry’s written protocols on the matter, known as the Green Book, have generated international interest. “We wrote this because we couldn’t find it in other countries,” said Dr. Michael Dor, a family physician and senior adviser to the Health Ministry’s medical cannabis unit. “Now everybody is asking about it. ” The ministry has approved dozens of clinical trials, Dr. Dor said, adding, “If we don’t do it right here, the specialists will go abroad with their knowledge, and we have wonderful knowledge here. ” Raphael Mechoulam, now a professor of medicinal chemistry at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, and his colleague Yechiel Gaoni first isolated the main compounds, including the psychoactive ingredient  —   tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC  —   with the marijuana supplied by the Tel Aviv police. When administrators at the Weizmann Institute of Science, where Professor Mechoulam was conducting his research, first called the police with the request, he recalled in an interview, “they asked if I was trustworthy. ” Professor Mechoulam, 86, has continued his research in his current post, focusing on the compounds in the brain that make the active components of marijuana work. He is also a consultant for the Ministry of Health and collaborates with research groups around the world. “Medicinal cannabis has to follow medical lines of thought and development and modern medical routes” in order to produce proper drugs, he said. Pointing to an international paucity of clinical trials, he said, “Israel has more than the United States at the moment, which is ridiculous. ” In the United States, medical marijuana programs exist in many states but remain illegal under federal law. Professor Mechoulam is also a member of the advisory board of Breath of Life, whose products, according to Mr. Gedo, the chief executive, are made according to pharmaceutical   protocols. “We are working as a pharmaceutical company, not a cannabis company,” Mr. Gedo said. Breath of Life is participating in a dozen clinical trials, including one based on cannabinoids, the chemical compounds in marijuana, for autism in children with the Shaare Zedek Medical Center in Jerusalem. According to Mr. Gedo, several American companies are conducting trials in Israel based on Breath of Life’s active pharmaceutical ingredients. Teva Israel, a subsidiary of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. recently announced a distribution and cooperation agreement with Syqe Medical, a Tel Aviv company that developed an inhaler for administering marijuana in precise doses. The dose can be tailored to each patient like a standard medical treatment, which experts say should reduce or eliminate the objections of reluctant physicians. Two international medical marijuana conferences have taken place in Israel this year. At the Cann10 conference in Tel Aviv in September, speakers discussed science, medicine, technology and commerce. Purveyors, some in white lab coats, displayed their wares. A grower called PharmoCann displayed rows of sealed plastic vials containing strains of flowers undergoing testing with names like Blue, Train Wreck and Voodoo Child. Israelis have been producing products with varying degrees of THC for years. Another company at the Cann10 conference, Cannabliss, makes medical marijuana oil and other nonsmoking products, works with a professor of immunotherapy and bone marrow at the Hadassah Medical Center in Jerusalem and supplies the hospital’s medical marijuana dispensary. “We hope the market will open up in the world as soon as possible,” Moshe Ihea, Cannabliss’s founder and chief executive, said. “First we have to open up the people. ” He added that he had discovered the medicinal benefits after he suffered a leg injury during an army exercise. Saul Kaye, a pharmacist and the chief executive of iCan:   a venture fund and technology incubator for   driving the global medical marijuana industry, said this “could be another incredible economy for Israel. ” He added, “There’s a national consciousness for cannabis that you cannot ignore. ”",0
13034,"Trump, Snapchat, Mosul: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Reaction to President Trump’s address tended to focus on its sober style. His seriousness of purpose and calls for unity reassured  —   and surprised  —   many listeners. “I think it sounded great, like a utopia,” one voter said, adding, “I don’t think it’s that simple. ” Indeed, Mr. Trump, who met with congressional Republican leaders on Wednesday, faces not only a committed Democratic opposition but a divided Republican Party. Today’s episode of The Daily podcast examines the president’s speech to Congress, his call for unity and his promise to protect America. Listen from a computer, on an iOS device or on an Android device. _____ 2. Emboldened by encouraging signals from the Trump administration, populist leaders across Central and Eastern Europe are cracking on nongovernmental organizations once protected by Washington. Groups that promote open government, aid refugees and often serve as checks on authoritarian governments are being targeted. Organizations funded by George Soros, the liberal American billionaire, are facing particular ire, accused of working to flood Europe with Muslim refugees and transform “Christian” nations into multicultural stews of   globalism. _____ 3. Developments in Syria this week: Russia mistakenly bombed Syrian fighters being trained by the U. S. another unintended clash among the myriad forces operating on the battlefield. And U. N. investigators released a report detailing war crimes, calling the Syrian government’s bombing of a humanitarian convoy in September, which killed 14 aid workers, “one of the most egregious. ” Next door in Iraq, the battle for Mosul continues. Our reporter met a family fleeing the   portion of the city. _____ 4. Tornadoes lashed the Midwest, killing at least three people and leaving a trail of splintered homes, razed businesses and power outages. The severe weather isn’t over yet. Forecasters said the   and Deep South were also at risk. _____ 5. Snap Inc. is losing money, but its valuation was set at $24 billion on the eve of its arrival on the New York Stock Exchange, one of the biggest market debuts in years. Shares of the Snapchat parent company were priced at $17, higher than expected in an indication of strong demand. _____ 6. Scientists may have found the oldest signs of life on Earth. Or not. Some researchers say ancient rocks in a remote geological outpost in Canada yielded bacteria fossils that could be up to 4. 2 billion years old, relatively soon after the planet’s birth. Others are dubious  —   and vocal. Such battles, an optimist observed, are “how science progresses. ” _____ 7. In a sign that the era of the starchitect may be over, a modest team of three architects won their profession’s highest honor: the Pritzker Prize. Rafael Aranda, Carme Pigem and Ramon Vilalta set up shop in their hometown in Spain 30 years ago and are not   outside the country. Their major works include the Soulages Museum, in Rodez, France, and the Sant Antoni  —   Joan Oliver Library in Barcelona. The award cited “their intensely collaborative way of working together, where the creative process, commitment to vision and all responsibilities are shared equally. ” _____ 8. Los Angeles votes for mayor next Tuesday. The incumbent, Eric Garcetti, a Democrat, faces some criticism for being “bureaucratic bland” but seems assured of beating 10 challengers for a second term  —   and possibly a bigger role in an embattled national party. We caught up with him at an outdoor cafe downtown, where he sipped green tea, fielded requests for money from a homeless man, and said: “I think people mistake bloody noses for big accomplishments. Maybe because I don’t draw blood, but we actually work well with people, that that is seen as cautious. ” _____ 9. Our tech writer says the sexism scandal at Uber feels like a watershed moment for Silicon Valley. “This could be the start of a deep,   and thorough effort to remake a culture that has long sidelined women  —   not just at Uber but across the tech business, too,” he writes. _____ 10. Spring is almost here. Here’s a guide to the season’s most promising live events, from Bette Midler’s star turn in “Hello, Dolly!” to Chris Rock’s first standup tour in nearly a decade to The Weeknd’s new North American jaunt. And don’t forget “Groundhog Day,” a new musical based on the hit film, coming to Broadway this spring after a London run. Above, Punxsutawney Phil, aka Raymond J. Lee, in transit. _____ 11. Finally, we’ve been surfing the web for you. And we found lots of great stories that have nothing to do with politics. For instance, Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s fitness routine,  ’s special scent, the world’s worst skier and a trip to infinity. Have a great night. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
13035,North Korean Defector Says Kim Jong-Un’s Control Is Crumbling - The New York Times,"SEOUL, South Korea  —   The   defector from North Korea in years said on Wednesday that the days of the country’s leadership were “numbered,” and that its attempts to control outside information were not working because of corruption and discontent. “I am sure that more defections of my colleagues will take place, since North Korea is already on a slippery slope,” the defector, Thae   said during a news conference in Seoul, the capital of South Korea. “The traditional structures of the North Korean system are crumbling. ” Mr. Thae had been the North’s No. 2 diplomat in London until he fled to the South last summer with his family. South Korea has hailed his defection as a sign of growing disillusionment among North Korean elites with the country’s leader, Kim  . Since December, Mr. Thae has given a series of interviews to share his dire view of today’s North Korea. Mr. Thae’s diagnosis of Mr. Kim’s rule is hardly new. Defectors from the North, as well as some conservative analysts and policy makers in the South, widely share that view. Still, it signaled a drastic change of roles for Mr. Thae. Before his defection, he was a career diplomat, fluent in English, who had served in Britain, Denmark and Sweden, often delivering passionate speeches glorifying the Kim family that has ruled North Korea for seven decades. In the South, Mr. Thae, now affiliated with the Institute for National Security Strategy, a think tank arm of the National Intelligence Service, has vowed to spend the rest of his life trying to bring down the North Korean government. Mr. Thae said he had high expectations when Mr. Kim took power after the death of his father, Kim   in 2011. Schooled for several years in Switzerland, Mr. Kim was expected to help modernize his impoverished country. Instead, he resorted to a “reign of terror” by executing scores of officials, including his uncle Jang   whom he thought posed a challenge to his power, Mr. Thae said. The former diplomat said he had come up with a detailed plan for his defection, first ensuring that his two sons joined him and his wife in London. (North Korean diplomats are required to leave a child in the North, a measure intended to prevent their defection.) He declined to reveal details of his defection plan and the circumstances. While in London, his sons began asking questions, like why the North Korean government executed people in public without a proper trial, Mr. Thae said. Their English friends taunted them with questions, like why Mr. Kim had smoked a cigarette inside a nursery. The day Mr. Thae broached his plan for defection with his sons, he told them that he wanted to break the “chain of slavery” for them, he recalled. They wanted to know if they would have free access to the internet, books and movies in the South, he said. The best way to force change in the isolated North, he continued, is to disseminate outside information there to help ordinary citizens eventually rebel. South Korean TV dramas and movies smuggled from China are already popular in the North, he said. Another sign of Mr. Kim’s weakening control, Mr. Thae said, is evident at the unofficial markets in North Korea where women trade goods, mostly smuggled from China. The vendors used to be called “grasshoppers” because they would pack and flee whenever they saw the police approaching. Now, they are called “ticks” because they refuse to budge, demanding a right to make a living, Mr. Thae said. Such resistance, even if small in scale, is unprecedented, he added. The spread of outside news and market activities could eventually doom Mr. Kim because his government “can be held in place and maintained only by idolizing Kim   like a god,” Mr. Thae said. “If he tries to introduce a   economy to North Korean society, then there will be no place for Kim   in North Korea, and he knows that. ” But the leader’s efforts to clamp down on information and products from outside North Korea have been unsuccessful because the police accept bribes in exchange for freeing smugglers and people caught watching banned movies and dramas. “Kim  ’s days are numbered,” Mr. Thae said on Wednesday. After months of debriefing by the authorities in South Korea, Mr. Thae used meetings with the country’s politicians and the news media to suggest that North Korea was determined to be recognized as a nuclear power, just as India and Pakistan are. Last year, the North conducted two nuclear tests and launched more than 20 ballistic missiles, and it has openly vowed to develop the ability to hit the United States with a nuclear warhead. “It won’t happen,” Donald J. Trump, then   said at the time. During the election campaign, Mr. Trump had said he was willing to sit down with Mr. Kim and perhaps have a hamburger with him. On Wednesday, Mr. Thae warned against compromising with the North, arguing that sanctions were effective. In recent interviews with local news outlets, he said that North Korea had lost annual income worth tens of millions dollars, after Britain froze accounts last year held by its   insurance company as part of sanctions recommended by the United Nations. Until then, the company had claimed large insurance payments through fabricated documents, he said. Mr. Kim wanted to negotiate a compromise, under which the United States and South Korea would cancel their annual joint military exercises and lift sanctions on the North in return for a moratorium on North Korean missile and nuclear tests, Mr. Thae said. But such a deal would validate Mr. Kim’s argument that he had been forced to develop nuclear weapons as a reaction to American hostility, he said. “That is really a trap Kim   wants,” Mr. Thae said.",0
13036,"In Washington Pizzeria Attack, Fake News Brought Real Guns - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Edgar M. Welch, a    father of two from Salisbury, N. C. recently read online that Comet Ping Pong, a pizza restaurant in northwest Washington, was harboring young children as sex slaves as part of a   ring led by Hillary Clinton. The articles making those allegations were widespread across the web, appearing on sites including Facebook and Twitter. Apparently concerned, Mr. Welch drove about six hours on Sunday from his home to Comet Ping Pong to see the situation for himself, according to court documents. Not long after arriving at the pizzeria, the police said, he fired from an     rifle. The police arrested him. They found a rifle and a handgun in the restaurant. No one was hurt. In an arraignment on Monday, a heavily tattooed Mr. Welch, wearing a white jumpsuit and shackles, was ordered held. According to the criminal complaint, he told the authorities that he was armed to help rescue children but that he surrendered peacefully after finding no evidence that “children were being harbored in the restaurant. ” He was charged with four counts, including felony assault with a deadly weapon and carrying a gun without a license outside a home or business. Unbeknown to Mr. Welch, what he had been reading online were fake news articles about Comet Ping Pong, which have swollen in number over time. The false articles against the pizzeria began appearing on social networks and websites in late October, not long before the presidential election, with the restaurant identified as being the headquarters for a   ring. The articles were soon exposed as false by publications including The New York Times, The Washington Post and the   website Snopes. But the debunking did not squash the conspiracy theories about Comet Ping Pong  —   instead, it led to the opposite. Twitter, Facebook and Instagram have been flooded with more attacks against the pizzeria as believers in the   conspiracy became more zealous. Within hours of the publication of one of the debunking articles, a post on Twitter by Representative Steven Smith of the 15th District of Georgia  —   not a real lawmaker and not a real district  —   warned that what was fake was the information being peddled by the mainstream media. It was retweeted dozens of times. On YouTube, a    takedown of the Times article was viewed nearly 250, 000 times and passed around on Twitter and Facebook. A surge of new fake articles amplified the original pieces, now linking the   ring  —   known as Pizzagate  —   to a global pedophilia ring reaching Britain. “We should all condemn the efforts of certain people to spread malicious and utterly false accusations about Comet Ping Pong,” James Alefantis, the owner of Comet Ping Pong, said in a statement on Sunday. Mr. Alefantis, who has repeatedly refuted the fake news articles, has closed the pizzeria for a few days. He has prominent Democratic friends and previously communicated with Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman, which he has said may have made him a target. The shooting underscores the stubborn lasting power of fake news and how hard it is to stamp out. Debunking false news articles can sometimes stoke the outrage of the believers, leading fake news purveyors to feed that appetite with more misinformation. Efforts by social media companies to control the spread of these stories are limited, and shutting one online discussion thread down simply pushes the fake news creators to move to another space online. “The reason why it’s so hard to stop fake news is that the facts don’t change people’s minds,” said Leslie Harris, a former president of the Center for Democracy  Technology, a nonprofit that promotes free speech and open internet policies. When users are caught abusing the terms of one media platform, they simply go to another, she said. The viral nature of the misinformation was illustrated again late Sunday, not long after the police arrested Mr. Welch and called Pizzagate a “fictitious online conspiracy theory” in their report. Some individuals on Twitter said Mr. Welch was an actor used by the mainstream media to divert attention from the alleged crimes at Comet Ping Pong. Followers of a shuttered Reddit thread on Pizzagate dissected the episode on a new online network called Voat. The storm of fake news has swept up not only Comet Ping Pong, but its neighboring businesses. Conspiracy theorists have linked symbols that some local businesses on the same street as Comet Ping Pong used in their logos to symbols of pedophilia code. At Terasol, a French restaurant across the street from Comet Ping Pong, the owner, Sabrina Ousmaal, said she received daily phone threats and her business’s Facebook page had been filled with false accusations, including, “You guys mind explaining the pedophilia symbol removed from your website then?” She added that the symbol was not on her restaurant but on the store of a nearby shop and was a swirl within a triangle. Ms. Ousmaal said she and her husband had called the police and the F. B. I. but had received little guidance. “I am appalled and horrified,” Ms. Ousmaal said of the shooting on Sunday. “Nothing has been done. This is not free speech. This is a hate crime. ” Tech companies and government leaders have been struggling to solve the problem of fake news, with Facebook’s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, earlier promising to work on technology tools to slow the gusher of false digital information. In a news briefing on Monday, Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said free speech rights pose a challenge for media platforms to prevent misinformation from leading to episodes like the gunman at Comet Ping Pong. “Many of the entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley didn’t develop this technology to make it easier for hate to be propagated online their idea was to build a community where people could more effectively communicate and engage in commerce,” Mr. Earnest said. “If you do administer a platform that is used extensively to propagate hate and to inspire acts of violence, well, I think most people are going to be less likely to use the platform. ” For purveyors of fake news who have continued pushing the Pizzagate theory even after the facts have been debunked, whether Comet Ping Pong is even engaged in a pedophilia ring is beyond the point. Jeffrey Marty, a lawyer from Florida, said in a phone interview that he was the man posing as Representative Steven Smith from Georgia’s fictional 15th District. He said that he was frustrated with the way the mainstream media covered the election and that he believes that most of his 24, 000 followers know that his account is a parody. Mr. Marty, who has tweeted links to fake news stories and repeatedly said the mainstream media needs to investigate Pizzagate, declined to say whether he actually believed the Comet Ping Pong allegations. “I just think you need to investigate. There are clues everywhere,” he said. “But I don’t agree with what happened at the restaurant. ” Mr. Welch has long supported family values, his friends said Monday. He briefly volunteered at the Locke Township Fire Department in Salisbury, according to the chief, Rusty Alexander. Friends described Mr. Welch as a doting father who loved the outdoors. While he had been arrested while driving impaired in 2013 and was sentenced to probation, the shooting on Sunday was out of character, his friends said. “That’s not at all the person I know,” Louis Bodak, whose son Matthew is a good friend of Mr. Welch’s, said about the shooting. Mr. Welch is scheduled to appear in court again on Thursday.",0
13037,Telling Sign? Many Supporters of ‘Brexit’ Expect Defeat - The New York Times,"A traditionally reliable indicator, lurking in a recent opinion poll, suggests Britain will vote on Thursday to remain in the European Union. The main question that polling firms typically ask respondents in any contest is how they intend to vote. In the case of the referendum on “Brexit,” as a possible British exit from the E. U. is known, the polls straightforwardly ask people if they want to remain in the union or leave. After a string of polls showing a sizable lead for “leave,” polls released in the last few days effectively show a tie, or a small lead for remaining. This shift away from “leave” prompted a rally in global markets on Monday. But one of those polls, conducted by Survation, also asked voters which side they expected to win. Asking people to predict a result of an election has, over time, provided more accurate forecasts than asking people their voting intentions, according to a study by Justin Wolfers, a University of Michigan economist and an Upshot contributor, and David Rothschild, of the Microsoft Research and Statistics Center. When Survation asked, “Regardless of how you plan to vote, what do you think the result will be?” just shy of 40 percent of people said the “remain” camp would win. Only 26 percent said that “leave” would prevail. The remaining 34 percent said they did not know what the result would be. Mr. Rothschild said the “don’t know” figure is high for this sort of question. But he noted that undecided voters tend to support the status quo, in part because they are more   and may be less informed. Also notable: Supporters of the leave camp don’t seem to have a high level of confidence that their side will prevail. Some 35 percent of “leave” supporters said they thought “remain” would win. By contrast, only 14 percent of “remain” supporters predicted that “leave” would win. Of course, this is not a guaranteed indicator the Brexit referendum may be a vote that reveals its limitations. All things considered, though, “remain” seems to be in a strong position in these last days before the vote. The surge in the polls for “leave” appears to have been stalled, or even reversed. The betting markets suggest a roughly 75 percent chance of a victory for “remain. ”",0
13038,An Olympic Event Where 1st Prize Is the Chance to Lose Billions - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   Behind the scenes of the Olympic matchups and rivalries that draw large crowds here, there is stealth competition taking place in the hallways and hotels of this beach town worth tens of billions of dollars. It is a bidding war that could rival the most ferocious auction on Wall Street. Armies of delegates from four cities  —   led by a series of moguls, bankers, businessmen and government officials  —   have been quietly battling one another here to court the leadership of the International Olympic Committee in hopes of being awarded the 2024 Summer Games. The delegates, representing Los Angeles, Paris, Rome and Budapest, have been scoping out the venues, receiving briefings on the massive security operation and taking meetings with just about anyone who can conceivably influence the outcome. But these cities are all seeking to win a contest that for nearly the last three decades has been seemingly cursed. With few exceptions, the Games have cost the host cities billions. Rio is expected to spend at least $12 billion on the Games and to lose at least $4. 6 billion, according to a study by Oxford. The last profitable Olympic Games, at least on paper, took place in 1984 in Los Angeles, and that might have been a historical anomaly. The 1976 Games in Montreal lost over $1 billion. “Hosting the Games has become an increasingly expensive gambit indeed, as the rules for bidding currently stand, the entire structure of the Olympic Games shouts ‘potential host beware,’” according to Robert A. Baade and Victor A. Matheson, sports economists who wrote a paper on the expense of hosting the Olympics. What is it about the Olympics that causes some cities that are typically unwilling to spend a cent on infrastructure or planning to overspend so wildly? And is there a meaningful way to change the business model to rein in costs so that the Games can be both popular and profitable? Those are the questions that the International Olympic Committee and the four cities competing to host the 2024 Games are trying to answer. The Los Angeles delegation of some 25 people here is led by Casey Wasserman, the agency executive and grandson of the Hollywood mogul Lew Wasserman, as well as Gene Sykes, a longtime partner at Goldman Sachs, who has been behind some of the largest mergers and acquisitions of the last three decades. The Angelenos are making low cost (about $4. 6 billion) and sustainability the cornerstones of their bid by proposing to use existing facilities like the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, currently home to the Rams football team. According to their marketing material, “L. A. 2024 is about what we have, not what we’re going to build. ” Similarly, the Paris coalition’s bid for the Games is based, in large part, on the infrastructure that the city already has the Parisians estimate their cost would be about $7 billion, which is considered   by Olympics standards. But a bid by Rome, which hopes to follow a similar   model, may already be in jeopardy: The city’s new mayor, Virginia Raggi, has very publicly objected, saying that Rome’s municipal deficit is too vast to consider hosting the Olympics. “Historical data from the Olympics, discounting eventual episodes of corruption, shows us that the costs are not sustainable,” she said in June. “Other cities have already withdrawn their bids for these reasons. And I don’t think they were thinking about corruption or Mafia infiltrations. ” She was probably referring to Boston, which last year ended its effort to host the 2024 Games over anxieties about the cost. On the flip side, the mayor of Los Angeles, Eric Garcetti, who is here, made news when he hinted that the possibility of a Donald J. Trump presidency could make his city’s bid less attractive. “An America that turns inward, like any country that turns inward, isn’t good for world peace, isn’t good for progress, isn’t good for all of us,” he said, in the context of the factors that the International Olympic Committee might weigh. But he also said he didn’t think the outcome of the American presidential election would affect the outcome of the committee’s decision. Whatever analyses have been done of the potential benefits and costs, they haven’t dampened the zeal of the delegates in Rio: The competition to become the host city for 2024 has become so fierce that the committee issued a reprimand. “Three 2024 Candidate Cities have contacted media and invited them to their hospitality houses here in Rio,” the committee said in a statement. “They have all been reminded that this was not permitted and have subsequently stopped their activities. ” Given the continuing concerns about costs and the burden that often falls to taxpayers, a larger question has emerged about whether the modern Olympics should continue to crisscross the globe as the   lottery ticket it has become. Christine Lagarde, managing director of the International Monetary Fund, has endorsed the view that the Olympics should be permanently located in Greece, its birthplace. Others have suggested that the Olympics rotate among four of five permanent locations. Then there are more complicated ideas, including having a “distributed” Olympics that would take place at the same time in multiple cities, using existing stadiums and avoiding overwhelming any individual city. But here’s a thought: How about simultaneously granting a city the Olympics twice, once now and again 12 years later? That would allow the host city to enjoy the economic benefits of the Games twice, effectively bringing in double the revenue and amortizing the infrastructure costs over two events. More important, it would force the cities to think long and hard about creating an infrastructure plan for the long term  —   one that works not just for the Olympics but also for residents, who will have to live with what is left behind. And it would allow emerging cities to bid competitively on the Games against more established cities that might already have infrastructure in place. (One downside of the committee’s current focus on lower costs is that potential new entrants could be eliminated from bidding to host the Games because the cost would invariably be so much higher.) An alternative suggestion is that the committee grant a city the Olympics for two consecutive Games, but where’s the fun in that? One of the great joys of the Olympics is the opportunity to be introduced  —   or reintroduced  —   to a city. Building in a   gap would allow the spotlight to rotate among major global destinations, introducing them to younger spectators and making the cities feel fresh again to older ones. Such a plan would also create an even greater incentive for bidders to commit to investing in the Olympics, and would weed out cities and countries that are unwilling to do so. In fairness, hosting the Olympic Games can clearly put a city on the map it is the ultimate marketing tool. Locals can often benefit, too, from infrastructure improvements and increased tourism. But it will always be hard to make the math work for fiscal disciplinarians. There’s got to be a better way.",0
13039,Российское посольство в Дамаске снова подверглось минометному обстрелу,"Фото: AP 
Как говорится в сообщении, размещенном на сайте российского внешнеполитического ведомства, в Москве ждут международной реакции на случившееся. 
По комплексу посольства России в Сирии террористами было выпущено два снаряда. Одна из мин разорвалась недалеко от главного входа в офисное здание посольства, вторая сдетонировала за внешней оградой дипмиссии. ""По счастливой случайности обошлось без жертв. Российскому загранучреждению нанесен материальный ущерб, в том числе повреждены четыре автомобиля"", - отмечается на сайте МИД России. 
В Москве решительно осудили «очередную террористическую атаку против российского дипломатического представительства», говорится в сообщении. Ведомство также отмечает, что реакция международного сообщества станет лакмусовой бумажкой и покажет, кто из партнеров выгораживает террористов, потакая им и наводя на «удобные» цели. 
Напомним, российское посольство в Дамаске не в первый раз становится объектом атаки террористов . 3 октября по зданию дипмиссии было выпущено три снаряда, один из которых разорвался недалеко от жилого комплекса дипломатов. Обстрел велся из пригорода сирийской столицы Джобар, который контролируют боевики из группировок ""Джабхат Фатх аш-Шам"" и ""Файлак ар-Рахман"", запрещенных в России. 
Следующий аналогичный инцидент произошел 13 октября . ""Одна из мин взорвалась в непосредственной близости от поста внешней охраны дипмиссии, еще одна - недалеко от входа в консульский отдел, два минометных снаряда сдетонировали в сотне метров от ограждения посольства"", - сообщал МИД России. 
Рассуждая о волне истерии по поводу участия России в сирийской войне, о двойных стандартах, когда нашу страну обвиняют в том, что считается совершенно нормальным для вояк из стран НАТО, мало отмечать, что ""плакальщики"" не жалели боеприпасов в Ливии, в Ираке, в Афганистане и продолжают делать это каждый день. Мы должны попытаться понять, в чем причина этой истерической волны. Башар Асад с самого начала ставил целью участия в войне для Сирийской арабской армии и ее союзников из народного ополчения и из других государств, включая российские воздушно-космические силы, достижение мира. Целью боевых действий было создание военных и политических условий для национального примирения, начала политического процесса, национального диалога, создание, вероятно, новой конституции, нового избирательного законодательства, выборы, продолжение тех реформ, которые он начал. Его противники определяли свою цель совершенно иначе : свержение Башара Асада любой ценой. Занятно, что они (если исключать совсем крайние формы вроде запрещенной в России ИГИЛ), как правило, выступали против политических и экономических реформ. Они хотели, чтобы все в стране было, как раньше, только с ними самими на руководящих должностях. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda. Ru на сегодня",0
13040,Beyond ‘Hidden Figures’: Nurturing New Black and Latino Math Whizzes - The New York Times,"One afternoon last summer at BEAM 6, an experimental program in downtown Manhattan for youths with a high aptitude for math, a swarm of   and    jockeyed for a better view of a poster labeled “Week One Challenge Problem. ” Is there a   number where the first digit is equal to how many 0’s are in the number, the second digit is equal to how many 1’s are in the number, the third digit is equal to how many 2’s are in the number, all the way up to the last digit, which is equal to how many 9’s are in the number? Within the scrum was a trio of   : “Can we work on this during Open Math Time?” one asked. The second, wearing    glasses and dogged by the fear that he did not belong  —   “I’m really not that good at math,” he had told me earlier  —   lingered at the snack cart. “Leave some for the rest of us, J. J. ,’’ demanded the third, gently elbowing him aside. To Mira Bernstein, a BEAM instructor and a leading figure in the extracurricular math ecosystem that incubates many of the nation’s scientists and engineers, the scene was unremarkable, except for one striking feature: None of the children were wealthy, and few were white or Asian. The 76 students, drawn from New York City public schools with   populations, were embarking on a curriculum that they would have to continue on their own during the school year to be eligible to apply for a second, even more intense math summer program, BEAM 7. That application is due at the end of this month, and with it comes a verdict of sorts on their membership in a   subculture where it can be astonishingly difficult to find others who look like them. “This is probably more   black and Hispanic kids than I’ve seen in my whole career,” said Dr. Bernstein, who received a Ph. D. in algebraic geometry from Harvard in the 1990s. “That’s why I’m here. ” The extreme racial homogeneity in the rarefied realm of young math wizards has drawn little attention in a nation where racial equality in the basic institutions of civic life  —   schools, housing, health care, policing  —   remains elusive. But it has become an increasing source of consternation for some mathematicians, educators and business leaders, who see it directly linked to the striking underrepresentation of blacks and Latinos in     jobs in finance, science and technology. As those occupations increasingly propel our society, they fear that enrichment programs for mathematically gifted children, while rooted in meritocratic ideals, have become a particularly potent means of reinforcing privilege. Even as movie audiences celebrate “Hidden Figures,” the story of black women who overcame legally sanctioned discrimination to perform critical calculations in the race to put a man on the moon, educators say that new, subtler obstacles to   math education have arisen. These have had an outsize influence on racial prejudice, they contend, because math prowess factors so heavily in the popular conception of intelligence  —   a concern that recently provoked the creation of “Mathematically Gifted and Black” and “Latin@s and Hispanics in Mathematical Sciences,” websites featuring math professionals from underrepresented backgrounds. “Fundamentally, this is a question about power in society,” said Daniel Zaharopol, BEAM’s director. “Not just financial power, but who is respected, whose views are listened to, who is assumed to be what kind of person. ” BEAM is short for Bridge to Enter Advanced Mathematics, and this, the program’s first year of BEAM 6, for students who had just completed the sixth grade, is what many within elite math circles see as the most promising effort yet to diversify their ranks. The four weeks, spent in a school near City Hall, would be intense: four hours of math a day taught by 10 experienced math teachers, several of them Ph. D.’s. There would be no prepping for standardized tests or effort to cover school material at a faster pace. Instead, as in the elite summer programs that Mr. Zaharopol had himself attended, BEAM focused on the kind of creative   that mathematicians say lie at the heart of the discipline. And because one summer would not be anywhere near enough to equip the BEAM   with the same kind of math preparation as their more affluent peers, the real goal of the founders  —   a mix of   millionaires and professional mathematicians  —   was to hook them enough to want to keep at it. A graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who suspended his graduate studies in algebraic topology to launch BEAM, Mr. Zaharopol had some idea of what his students were up against. By age 12, many attendees of the highly selective programs on which BEAM was modeled had already won regional math contests and completed online math courses in subjects like number theory. Some had been introduced to advanced math in school honors programs or by math teams. Many were the children of scientists and engineers, or of   parents who turned to math as another way to give their children a competitive edge in the battle for admission to elite colleges. “When I was 6, my dad taught me to use the abacus and do mental math,” one student at a selective program called MathPath wrote on the application form. By contrast, BEAM students come from environments where “math is not in the air,” Dr. Bernstein said. The parents of the boy at the snack cart, Jonathan Jackson, do not have degrees in math or science. His school, Kipp STAR, is a   charter school in Harlem, but does not have a math team. And like many of the other students at BEAM, Jonathan, who is   seemed to have already internalized the racial stereotypes about math that, studies have shown, shape   among young Americans of all backgrounds. “They did a study that shows white kids have more chances,” he said once, remembering a fragment of something he had been told. Then he shrugged, “I don’t know if it’s really true. ” Tracing Jonathan’s path through the program and into the school year provides a glimpse of both how easy it might be to nurture a love of math, and how daunting. It is also a testament to the persuasive power of friendship, unfolding over several months in the context of prime numbers and polyhedron sculptures. Jonathan, who chose J. J. as his summer nickname, had done everything in his power to avoid attending BEAM, which is financed by individual donors and foundations, and is free to participants. Then 11, he was chosen by his school to take the program’s admissions test, and hid the acceptance letter upon receiving it last spring at school. When his mother, Kiana Ashburn, 32, found the letter buried at the bottom of his backpack, she waved off his pleas to go to the karate camp she had signed him up for. “You need to get a good education so you can get a good job and have a good future,” she told him that afternoon in their sparely furnished rowhouse in the Fordham neighborhood of the Bronx. She was all the more certain on the Friday before the program started, when the world awakened to a Facebook Live video of an unarmed black cafeteria worker in Minnesota, Philando Castile, bleeding to death in his car after being shot by a police officer. She often made Jonathan repeat what he was to do if he were ever stopped: “Just do what he says, and like, don’t try to resist,” he recited. She thought of math as a field that “usually Asians dominate,’’ she said. It would not protect him from police violence, she knew, or the other things she feared. Her brother had spent time in prison. “But it could act as a buffer,” she remembers thinking. Ms. Ashburn, a postal clerk who graduated last year with a business degree from Monroe College in the Bronx, left before dawn for work on the first day of camp. Jonathan’s sister, Jasmine, a year older than him, was headed to summer school after dropping off their younger brothers at karate camp. Jonathan walked himself around the corner at 7 a. m. to meet his subway group in what would become a daily routine. Omar Pineda Jr. was the counselor assigned to escort them, but it was Emyr Willis, 11, who broke the ice. “Hello,” he greeted them with the formality they would come to see as his trademark. “I am the both the emissary and ambassador from my school. ” Thays Garcia, also 11, was the group’s third member. “I love math,” she said, her face lighting up when asked why she had agreed to spend her summer doing math problems. Her stepfather, Kevin Rincon, who dropped her off each morning, said he had taught himself algebra while serving a prison sentence for a drug felony. Now an account manager at   Mr. Rincon had several years earlier set Thays up with Khan Academy, a widely used service with free online math lessons. As she breezed ahead several grade levels, her friends gave her a nickname that she proudly took on: “Calculator. ” But Khan, Mr. Rincon also knew, was designed to foster basic math literacy, not “the theoretic understanding of exactly what is going on,” as he put it in his email to BEAM. “I want new possibilities and worlds opened for her to see. ” Jonathan did not know it, but he had placed comfortably in the top half of the students admitted to BEAM, who in turn had been drawn from the top quarter of the 400 nominated by schools or parents to take the admissions test. He had spotted patterns and tried solutions that others had not. He had also placed above grade level on New York’s statewide math test, a distinction shared by only 21 percent of the city’s sixth graders, and just 7 percent of sixth graders who are black. He and Thays and Emyr were exactly the kinds of promising students for which BEAM had been created. But it had not been easy to get it going. Some potential supporters objected to devoting resources to   minority students rather than the much larger group performing below grade level. Others voiced perceptions that reflect common stereotypes  —   including the idea that Asians are naturally better at math than anyone else. Sociologists say that misconception exists in part because a high proportion of Asian immigrants to the United States already possess a   degree. They are, in turn, better equipped to steer children toward advanced math programs, as are   scientists and engineers, who are disproportionately white. In interviews, directors of established elite math programs expressed dismay at the way their own enrollments reflect those patterns. Most are nonprofits with limited money, organized by trained mathematicians for the benefit of students whose passion for math often leaves them at the bottom of social hierarchies at school. Some offer scholarships, but most said it was often difficult to find qualified students from underrepresented groups. “We don’t see many applications from blacks and Latinos,” said Glenn Stevens, the director of Program in Mathematics for Young Scientists, a summer math camp for high school students based at Boston University. “I wish I could tell you it was improving,” said Elaine Hansen, the director of the Center for Talented Youth at Johns Hopkins University. “I don’t see that it is. ”   about 15 percent of the   population under 45, obtained about  2 percent of the Ph. D.’s in the fields of math, engineering and physical sciences awarded in 2015, compared to 18. 7 percent in social work and 7. 3 percent of doctoral degrees in all fields, according to the National Science Foundation. (A total of 20 black graduate students received Ph. D’s in math and statistics, out of 1, 802). Hispanics were only marginally better represented. That means whites and   are the   recipients of the tens of billions of dollars in public funding devoted to research in those fields. It also affects   employment: Both Google and Facebook reported last year that Hispanic and black employees together account for only 4 percent of their technical work force. There are other reasons for career disparities beyond who goes to math camp, of course, like the expense of postsecondary education and an effectively segregated public school system that provides   education to many minority students. But the math divide is growing as more white and Asian parents enroll their children, even when they don’t show a knack for numbers, in online math classes and the weekly math circles that have sprouted on university campuses. And the lack of   experiences for black and Latino students, mathematicians and educators say, makes it harder for even high achievers in good schools to compete for spots at the colleges that serve as a springboard for plum jobs in science and technology. “How do you even know a whole bunch of students are supersizing their education and you’re just doing your homework and getting A’s in your A. P. calculus classes?” said Quinton McArthur, M. I. T. ’s associate dean of admissions. “It’s exacerbated the gap and no one even realizes. ” BEAM was founded in 2011 with help from Sandor Lehoczky, a senior trader at Jane Street and a onetime math team champion, who is known for subjecting job applicants to math puzzles. The math whizzes he hires, he said, have been “swimming in a culture of math’’ from an early age. But BEAM’s selective camp for students from   backgrounds who had just completed seventh grade has had mixed results. “Although our students make tremendous progress,” Mr. Zaharopol wrote in a 2015 grant proposal, “it is clear that many of them, even our highest achievers, are still well below their potential. ” BEAM 6, designed for students who have just completed sixth grade, he said, reflected what they had learned: “We need to start earlier and we need to keep them for longer,’’ he said. At BEAM, Jonathan turned the lights off when he walked in and out of classrooms. He sped from one end of the room to another on his rolling chair, popping in on fellow students who were supposed to be working. He seemed more focused on complaining about the lunch food than zeroing in on logic. “Mathematicians love the struggle,” one of the teachers repeated as a kind of mantra when students complained. “When you feel uncomfortable, you’re learning. ” But whether students like Jonathan were having trouble with the math, were unprepared or were simply not trying was a subject of debate. In their weekly faculty meetings, the teachers often marveled at their students’ progress. “I can’t get them to stop doing math,” said Giselle George, who teaches at a public middle school on the Lower East Side. But teaching advanced concepts to students who had not all had the chance to learn certain basic math skills, like the laws of exponents, proved more difficult than some had anticipated. “I find they’re not very good at   when they’re lost or bored,” said another teacher, Marcelle Good. “I guess they’re used to being lost or bored. ” During the program’s second week, Jonathan was a focus for both their hopes and their frustrations. “How do you get kids who haven’t had the exposure the tools to even realize that math is something they like?” Dr. Bernstein lamented. “He’s engageable,” said Michael Pershan, who teaches   math at St. Ann’s, a private school in Brooklyn Heights. “I vote for upping the mathiness. ” “I’m open to suggestions for how to reach him,” said another. “He’s a pretty big distraction in my class. ” Beyond their views, though, there were signs that Jonathan was finding other ways to connect to math. A few days after the challenge problem was posted in the hallway, he was lingering by the snack cart again when Thays arrived. “Hey, Thays,” he said, brightening slightly at the sight of his commuting partner. He had infuriated her that morning by snapping a   picture of her nostrils with his phone, but had quickly redeemed himself by directing her to the sole empty seat on the crowded train. “You going to try it?” she asked, nodding toward the problem. They both knew she had already solved it. (See how she did it in this quiz it’s question No. 5.) He shrugged, looking sideways at her. “Maybe,” he said. By the second week of camp, Jonathan, Emyr and Thays knew the passcodes to one another’s phones so they could trade games. Thays and Jonathan had a running Subway Surfers phone game competition Emyr sought to inspire the others with his passion for Pokemon Go. But they didn’t share everything. Thays did not divulge, for instance, that her biological father, whom she rarely saw, had canceled plans for a trip she was looking forward to later in the summer. His friends did not know that Jonathan’s father was a subway train conductor whom he had last seen about a year ago, in a chance encounter at the 125th street subway station near his school. Emyr did not talk about the bullies who had tormented him in elementary school. But one day on the subway that week, they talked about Black Lives Matter, a subject that held an emotional resonance, at least for Thays and Jonathan. When it came up, it seemed at first that Emyr had not been able to hear the thread of Thays and Jonathan’s conversation over the subway din. Thays, whose parents and stepfather are Dominican, had been to a protest some months earlier with her stepfather. She had written a poem about it. Jonathan had a vivid memory of the video his mother had shown him earlier that month: “There was a kid in the back of the car,” he said, referring to the death of Philando Castile. Trying to translate, I asked Emyr if he had heard of Black Lives Matter. Emyr’s father is Jamaican, his mother Puerto Rican. “No,” Emyr said. “But it’s true. ” Jonathan, looking up from his phone, took the opportunity to fill him in. “How can you not know what Black Lives Matter is?” he demanded. “It’s about how black people are getting killed by cops and it needs to stop. ” Seeking to lighten the trip home that afternoon, Mr. Pineda asked what they recalled of their day. Thays volunteered the simple riddle Dr. Bernstein had asked in her “Codes Codes Codes” class: “I’m thinking of a number from zero to 15. You have to guess my number by asking me four yes or no questions. ” Then Thays added the problem’s final complication: “How many questions does it take if I’m allowed to lie once?” As they deduced the strategy, they were working up to a harder problem, related to Hamming codes, the   codes that underlie digital storage and communications. “There’s also something called binary,” Thays informed Jonathan and Emyr. The girls she had become friends with in that class had agreed that they were all going to BEAM 7, she volunteered. “What about you guys?” “Of course I’m going to BEAM 7,” Emyr said. “J. J. ?” she prodded. But he was peering into his phone. That Jonathan was one of just a few   boys at BEAM (some of the other black students were the children of African or Caribbean immigrants) could have been a fluke. Or it could have been a reflection of the unique forms of discrimination faced by young   males, even in elementary school. BEAM relies on the schools with whom it partners to select which students to take its admissions test, and teachers, studies have shown, pass over qualified black students for gifted programs at higher rates than for whites and Hispanics. Black boys, said Danny Martin, an education professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago, are most subject to the classroom dynamic he calls “Learning Mathematics While Black. ’’ Along with incarceration rates that are higher for young black men than for any other group, that dynamic may contribute to why black women receive a higher share of bachelor’s degrees in math, chemistry and physics, fields in which men of other ethnicities outnumber women. Whatever the reason, many of the   counselors working alongside the teachers at BEAM were paying special attention to Jonathan. One of them was Christian Henderson, an   accounting major at Siena College, in Loudonville, N. Y. “It’s important to educate a kid like J. J. right now,” he said, “so they know in their head they’re on the same level as any white or Asian or Hispanic kid, before they get a little older and they see other people may not think, you know, that’s true. ” Jonathan’s subway counselor, Mr. Pineda, 22, who is part Honduran and part Dominican, told Jonathan how a professor at Amherst College had mentioned that summer math camp had paved the way for many of his wealthy white classmates, whereas he felt lost during his sophomore year in discrete mathematics. A   student at a Harlem high school where the majority of his fellow students were deemed unprepared for college, Mr. Pineda had taken A. P. calculus and secured admission to Amherst with the help of an organization called QuestBridge aimed at matching underrepresented minority students with   colleges. By most measures, he knew, he was a success story. He had just graduated with a degree in math and Japanese studies. But it still bothered him that his classmates, the “summer math nerds,” as he and a friend had taken to calling them, had zoomed ahead. “You should look at this, J. J. ,” Mr. Pineda said on the Thursday afternoon of BEAM’s second week, leafing through his homework folder to a triangular numbers problem. “I think you’d like it. ” The following morning, Thays collapsed in pain at the Columbus Circle subway station as they were waiting for the A train. Emyr paced. Jonathan patted her arm. Mr. Pineda debated what to do. Her stomach hurt, she said. He tried to reach her parents, then called 911. Another counselor met the boys to take them to camp while Mr. Pineda accompanied Thays to the emergency room. When she didn’t come back the next day, or the next, Jonathan railed at Thays’s invisible presence as he, Mr. Pineda and Emyr made the morning commute. “Thays! I know you’re just at home watching TV!” He also found himself thinking about math on the subway, visualizing a problem with triangular numbers and sifting through their patterns. BEAM teachers had explained it as a combination of math and pocket change: A triangular number is the number of pennies required if you’re trying to make a triangle. For instance, if you want your triangle to have 2 pennies to a side, you’ll need 3 pennies total if you want it to have 3 pennies to a side, you need 6 pennies for a triangle of 4 pennies to a side, you need 10. So 3, 6, 10 (and so on) are called the triangular numbers, and Jonathan was in search of the 299th triangular number. With the help of Marquia Williams, a BEAM counselor who was majoring in math at the State University of New York at Oswego, he figured it out, rewarding her with a stifled grin. After nearly a week away, Thays returned  —   her collapse had been caused by an ulcer that required minor surgery  —   to find Jonathan actually sitting still. He even raised his hand once in a while to offer insights in the class they shared. At home on one of the final days, Jonathan’s sister, Jasmine, sat on the steps of their house. She had been attending summer school to catch up in several classes. “How’s that camp going?” she asked. “Are you still behind in your math?” He was silent for a moment. “You know, I’m not at that camp because I’m bad at math,” he said finally. “I’m there because I’m good at math. ” On the last day of program, the BEAM students gathered in a room to receive a graduation certificate. As their names were called, the counselors cheered. An especially loud one erupted for Jonathan. Mr. Zaharopol made a final plug for the online   class he hoped they would take, which started a few weeks after the beginning of school. Each student received a sheet of paper with information about how to log on. BEAM would cover the cost. They would also receive problem sets in the mail, he told them, and he hoped they would send them back. The application for BEAM 7 would come at the end of the year. Emyr was among many who sobbed as the assembly broke up. A few parents had taken up the invitation to attend, including Thays’s stepfather, but he was under strict instructions to drive home on his own. “She wants to go home with her regular group,” he said, shrugging. On the subway, Thays fished in her bag, pulling out a white envelope that she gave to Omar then another that she gave to Emyr, marked with a drawing of his favorite Pokemon character. “You made a slight mistake with the Pikachu,” he noted. “Their eyes are supposed to be black on white. ” “Where’s my present?” Jonathan demanded, as she chatted with Omar. “Come on, Thays. ” Thays let a few more stops go by before relenting. Jonathan tore open the envelope. “Oh special, special JJ,” she had written. “You are so annoying and rude. You always would get me mad and never stopped bothering me. But you always made the train ride fun. You were such a good BEAM friend and I hope to see you in BEAM 7. ” Jonathan paused for a moment before looking up. “Now if you gave me a Nerf gun, it would be better for everyone,” he said, and put his arm around her. The three exchanged phone numbers. A few weeks later, poring over the surveys the students filled out on the last day, Mr. Zaharopol and his staff could take some measure of satisfaction. “I want to get a Ph. D. in math,” one student had written. Neither of his parents had graduated from college. Jonathan, in his review, recommended to future students that they pack their own lunches. He also wrote: “I learned math they don’t teach me at school. ” The teachers, though, wondered how much they’d really been able to achieve. “They’re extremely passionate, and quick to pick up things,” Mr. Zaharopol said in late October, when the BEAM staff gathered for an assessment. “But how many will stick with it? And are we reaching them soon enough?” As police shootings of black men continued and Donald J. Trump moved into the White House, Jonathan’s mother had started to question her belief in the power of math to provide her son with a buffer. “It’s just shocking that his views are the views of a lot of Americans,” she said of the new president. She had allowed Jonathan to take karate after school, and by the start of winter he had obtained his advanced white belt. Jonathan had not heard from Thays, and he was flagging in the online   class for which he had dutifully signed up. Sometimes his internet service, always erratic, would disconnect during the lessons. “I might not be able to do it for a few weeks,” he told me. “I have homework. ” But Emyr noted that all three of their names were on the short list of students who had sent back at least two correct answers to one of the problem sets that BEAM sent home. And one evening, on the top bunk of the bed he shares with his brothers, Jonathan decided to try Thays again. “Hey,” he typed into his phone. “Who is this?” came the reply. “Jonathan from BEAM,” he replied. “J. J. ??!!” Her phone had been broken, she explained. She hadn’t received his texts. They traded messages, until Jonathan’s mother reminded him that his phone privileges had been suspended. “I am grounded for a week, so this is the last time we will be talking for now,” he typed quickly. When the BEAM 7 applications arrived earlier this month, Thays and Emyr set to work. No math problems this time, just questions, 11 of them. What did she want to achieve in the eighth grade? “I want to get into Bronx Science!” Thays wrote, a reference to one of the city’s most selective public high schools. “I mean who doesn’t?” Why did he want to go to BEAM 7? “To see my BEAM peers,” wrote Emyr, in addition to “challenging my brain. ” Jonathan let his application sit on the kitchen table for a week. He let a long snow day with no school pass without looking at it. If he didn’t want to go, his mother had told him, she wouldn’t force him. He could do karate instead. Last Sunday, he began filling in the blanks. What kind of math did he find interesting? However unwittingly, his answer reflected BEAM’s key lesson: “I find proportion problems interesting because I’ll always be confused,” he wrote, “but I figure out the answer anyways. ” On Monday, at work, his mother put it in the mail.",0
13041,Marie Kondo and the Ruthless War on Stuff - The New York Times,"Joy points upward, according to Marie Kondo, whose name is now a verb and whose nickname is being trademarked and whose life has become a philosophy. In April at the Japan Society in New York, she mounted a stage in an ivory dress and silver heels, made namaste hands at the audience and took her place beneath the display of a Power Point presentation. Now that she has sold nearly six million copies of “The   Magic of Tidying Up” and has been on the New York Times   list for 86 weeks and counting, she was taking the next logical step: a formal training program for her KonMari method, certifying her acolytes to bring the joy and weightlessness and   trajectory of a   life to others. The humble hashtag that attended this event was #organizetheworld. Upon entering the Japan Society, the 93 Konverts in attendance (and me) were given lanyards that contained our information: our names, where we live and an option of either the proud “Tidying Completed!” or the shameful “Tidying Not Yet Completed!” In order to be considered tidy, you must have completed the method outlined in Kondo’s book. It includes something called a “    tidying marathon,” which means piling five categories of material possessions  —   clothing, books, papers, miscellaneous items and sentimental items, including photos, in that order  —   one at a time, surveying how much of each you have, seeing that it’s way too much and then holding each item to see if it sparks joy in your body. The ones that spark joy get to stay. The ones that don’t get a heartfelt and generous goodbye, via actual verbal communication, and are then sent on their way to their next life. This is the crux of the KonMari  —   that     nickname  —   and it is detailed in “The   Magic” and her more recent book, “Spark Joy,” which, as far as I can tell, is a more specific “The   Magic of Tidying Up” but with folding diagrams. She is often mistaken for someone who thinks you shouldn’t own anything, but that’s wrong. Rather, she thinks you can own as much or as little as you like, as long as every possession brings you true joy. Her book was published in the United States in 2014, quietly and to zero fanfare and acclaim. Kondo’s inability to speak English made promotional radio and   appearances hard sells. But one day, a New York Times Home section reporter happened upon the book and wrote an article discussing her own attempt at   her closets the book caught fire. Soon it was the subject of every kind of press: the adoring profile, the women’s magazine listicle, the feminist takedown, the personal essay, the   of harrumph (“The Real Reasons Marie Kondo’s   Magic Doesn’t Work for Parents”) the   folding demonstration, the joke on “The Mindy Project,” a parody book called “The   Magic of Not Giving a [expletive],” and another one called “The Joy of Leaving Your [expletive] All Over the Place. ” By the time her book arrived, America had entered a time of peak stuff, when we had accumulated a mountain of disposable goods  —   from Costco toilet paper to Isaac Mizrahi swimwear by Target  —   but hadn’t (and still haven’t) learned how to dispose of them. We were caught between an older generation that bought a princess phone in 1970 for $25 that was still working and a generation that bought $600 iPhones, knowing they would have to replace them within two years. We had the princess phone and the iPhone, and we couldn’t dispose of either. We were burdened by our stuff we were drowning in it. People had an unnaturally strong reaction to the arrival of this woman and her promises of   magic. There were people who had been doing home organizing for years by then, and they sniffed at her severe methods. (One professional American organizer sent me a picture of a copy of Kondo’s book, annotated with green sticky notes marking where she approved of the advice and pink ones where she disapproved. The green numbered 16 the pink numbered more than 50). But then there were the women who knew that Kondo was speaking directly to them. They called themselves Konverts, and they say their lives have truly changed as a result of using her decluttering methods: They could see their way out of the stuff by aiming upward. At the Japan Society event, we were split into workshop groups, where we explained to one another what had brought us here and what we had got out of “The   Magic of Tidying Up. ” Most of the women at the event could not claim “tidying completed!” status only 27 in the room did, or less than a third. One woman in my group who had finished her tidying, Susan, expressed genuine consternation that a bunch of women who wanted to become KonMari tidying consultants hadn’t even “completed tidying!” How were they going to tidy someone else’s home when they couldn’t even get their own in order? How could they possibly know how profoundly life could improve if they hadn’t yet completed their tidying? A woman named Diana, who wore    earrings, said that before she tidied, her life was out of control. Her job had been recently eliminated when she found the book. “It’s a powerful message for women that you should be surrounded by things that make you happy,” she said, and her and everyone else’s faces engaged in     incredulous agreement, nodding emphatically up and down, skull to spine and chin to chest. “I found the opposite of happiness is not sadness,” Diana told us. “It’s chaos. ” Another woman said she KonMaried a bad boyfriend. Having tidied everything in her home and finding she still distinctly lacked happiness, she held her boyfriend in her hands, realized he no longer sparked joy and got rid of him. During her lecture, Marie demonstrated how the body feels when it finds tidying joy. Her right arm pointed upward, her left leg bent in a display of glee or flying or something aerial and upright, her body arranged I’     and a tiny hand gesture accompanied by a noise that sounded like “kyong. ” Joy isn’t just happy joy is efficient and adorable. A lack of joy, on the other hand, she represented with a different pose, planting both feet and slumping her frame downward with a sudden visible depletion of energy. When Kondo enacted the lack of joy, she appeared grayer and instantly older. There isn’t a specific enough name for the absence of joy it is every emotion that isn’t pure happiness, and maybe it doesn’t deserve a name, so quickly must it be expunged from your life. It does, however, have a sound effect: “zmmp. ” Joy is the only goal, Kondo said, and the room nodded, yes, yes, in emphatic agreement, heads bobbing and mouths agape in wonder that something so simple needed to be taught to them. “My dream is to organize the world,” Kondo said as she wrapped up her talk. The crowd cheered, and Kondo raised her arms into the air like Rocky. She did not set out to become a superpower in the already booming world of professional organization. It just sort of happened to her, a natural outgrowth of a lifelong obsession with carefully curating her belongings. When she was a little girl, she read all of her mother’s homemaking magazines, and as early as elementary school began researching various tidying methods, so disquieted was her brain by her family’s possessions. Kondo recalls that the national library of Japan held a large collection of tidying, decluttering and organizing books, but it didn’t admit anyone under 18. Kondo spent her 18th birthday there. When she was 19, her friends began offering her money for her tidying services. At the time, she was enrolled at Tokyo Woman’s Christian University, studying sociology, with a concentration on gender. She happened upon a book called “Women With Attention Deficit Disorder,” by Sari Solden, and in it there was a discussion over women who are too distracted to clean their homes. Kondo was disturbed that there was little consideration that a man might pick up the slack in this regard, that a woman with A. D. D. was somehow broken because she couldn’t tidy. But, she conceded, buried in this outrageous notion was a core truth: that women have a closer connection to their surroundings than men do. She realized that the work she was doing as a tidying consultant was far more psychological than it was practical. Tidying wasn’t just a function of your physical space it was a function of your soul. After college she found work at a staffing agency but continued to take tidying jobs in the early mornings and late evenings, initially charging $100 per   block. Eventually she quit her job, and soon, even working at tidying full time, the wait list for her services reached six months. When she enters a new home, Kondo says, she sits down in the middle of the floor to greet the space. She says that to fold a shirt the way everyone folds a shirt (a floppy rectangle) instead of the way she thinks you should (a tight mass of dignified   fabric so tensile that it could stand upright) is to deprive that shirt of the dignity it requires to continue its work, i. e. hanging off your shoulders until bedtime. She would like your socks to rest. She would like your coins to be treated with respect. She thinks your tights are choking when you tie them off in the middle. She would like you to thank your clothes for how hard they work and ensure that they get adequate relaxation between wearings. Before you throw them out  —   and hoo boy will you be throwing them out  —   she wants you to thank them for their service. She wants you to thank that blue dress you never wore, tell it how grateful you are that it taught you how blue wasn’t really your color and that you can’t really pull off an empire waist. She wants you to override the instinct to keep a certain thing because an HGTV show or a   magazine or a Pinterest page said it would brighten up your room or make your life better. She wants you to possess your possessions on your own terms, not theirs. (This very simple notion has proved to be incredibly controversial, but more on that later.) She is tiny  —   just   . When I interviewed her, not only did her feet not touch the ground when we were sitting, but her knees didn’t even bend over the side of the couch. When she speaks, she remains   and smiling she moves her hands around, framing the air in front of her, as if she were the director on “Electric Company” or Tom Cruise in “Minority Report. ” The only visible possessions in her hotel room for a   trip from Tokyo were her husband’s laptop and a small silver suitcase the size of a typical man’s briefcase. She has long bangs that obscure her eyebrows, and that fact  —   along with the fact that her mouth never changes from a faint smile  —   contributes to a sense that she is participating in more of a pageant than an interview, which possibly is what it does feel like when   American interviewers whose gargantuan feet do touch the ground come to your hotel room and start jawing at you through an interpreter. Her ankles are skinny but her wrists are muscular. When she shows pictures of herself in places she has tidied, before she starts, she looks like a lost sparrow in a tornado. On the other side, in the “after” picture, it is hard to believe that such a creature could effect such change. Her success has taken her by surprise. She never thought someone could become so famous for tidying that it would be hard to walk down the street in Tokyo. “I feel I am busy all the time and I work all the time,” she said, and she did not seem so happy about this, though her faint smile never wavered. She sticks with speaking and press appearances and relegates her business to her handlers  —   the team of men who pop out of nowhere to surround any woman with a good idea. She feels as if she never has any free time. I spent a few days with her in April, accompanied by her entire operation (eight people total). I attended her “Rachael Ray” appearance, where she was pitted against the show’s   organizer, Peter Walsh, in what must have been the modern talk show’s least fair fight ever. Kondo was asked about her philosophies, and she relayed her answers through her interpreter, but when Walsh countered by explaining why an organizing solution Kondo offered was nice but didn’t quite work in the United States, his response was never translated back to Kondo, so how was she supposed to refute it? She stood to the side, smiling and nodding as he proceeded. Had she been told what Walsh was saying, she would say to him what she said to me, that yes, America is a little different from Japan, but ultimately it’s all the same. We’re all the same in that we’re enticed into the false illusion of happiness through material purchase. Kondo does not feel threatened by different philosophies of organization. “I think his method is pretty great too,” she told me later. She leaves room for something that people don’t often give her credit for: that the KonMari method might not be your speed. “I think it’s good to have different types of organizing methods,” she continued, “because my method might not spark joy with some people, but his method might. ” In Japan, there are at least 30 organizing associations, whereas in the United States we have just one major group, the National Association of Professional Organizers (NAPO). Kondo herself has never heard of NAPO, though she did tell me that she knows that the profession exists in the United States. “I haven’t had a chance to talk to anyone in particular, but what I’ve heard is that thanks to my book and organizing method, now the organizing industry in general kind of bloomed and got a spotlight on it,” she said, though I cannot imagine who told her this. “They kind of thanked me for how my book or method changed the course of the organizing industry in America. ” The women (and maybe three or four men) of NAPO would beg to differ. More than 600 of them descended on Atlanta for NAPO’s annual meeting in May. They refer to this gathering only as Conference, no article, the way that insiders call the C. I. A just C. I. A. I went along, too, in order to better understand the state of stuff in America, and to study Kondo’s competition. When you receive your Conference lanyard, you can add sticky ribbons to it that say anything from your level of participation in NAPO (chapter president, former board member, golden circle, NAPO Cares, etc.) to where you’re from (a choice of the 41 states represented) to what your state of mind is (Diva, Lazy, High Maintenance, Happy to Be Here, Really? Caution: Might Burst Into Show Tunes! ). Once you are completely categorized, you can enjoy Conference. At Conference, I met women who organize basements. I met women who organize digital clutter. I met women who organize photos. I met women who categorized themselves as “solopreneurs,” which, what’s that now? I met a woman who organizes thoughts, and please don’t move onto the next sentence until you’ve truly absorbed that: I met a woman who charges $100 per hour for the organization of thoughts. I heard the word “detritus” pronounced three different ways. I met a woman in camouflage (though the invitation begged us to confine ourselves to our native  ) who carried a clipboard and called herself Major Mom, and instead of an organizer she calls herself a liberator, like in Falluja. I went to a seminar on closets and pantries that I hoped would be, I don’t know, more spiritual than it was, or at the very least address the problem of the cans of beans I keep buying and not using  —   why do I keep buying them? Why am I not using them? Beans are a superfood, after all, and cheap, too. I like beans. But the woman droned on and on and on about shelving units and the pesky corner cabinets, how they misuse valuable space, but luckily there is a drawer or something that could help you fill that space, too, because negative space inside a cabinet is a crime no organizer worth her drawer dividers should find herself guilty of. Conference was different from the KonMari events that I attended. Whereas Kondo does not believe that you need to buy anything in order to organize and that storage systems provide only the illusion of tidiness, the women of Conference traded recon on timesaving apps, label makers, the best kind of Sharpie, the best tool they own (“supersticky notes,” “drawer dividers”) and the best practices regarding clients who wouldn’t offer their organization goals in a timely manner. I heard about the crises in the industry: that clients who printed out Pinterest pages and said, “I want that,” had unrealistic expectations that the baby boomers are downsizing for the first time that there is a rising generation that isn’t interested in inheriting their parents’ old junk. While NAPO members don’t share any standardized method for organizing  —   the group offers certification classes, but each woman I spoke with has her own approach  —   they are fairly unified in their disdain for this Japanese interloper. They have waged a war through their fuming blog posts and their generally disgusted conversations, saying that she is a product only of good marketing, that she’s not doing anything different from what they’ve been doing since she was in diapers. They don’t like that there’s a prescribed order for tidying they think you have to yield to what your client wants done and has time for. They don’t like the     tidying marathon, which on average is completed in six months sometimes organizing is a many years effort or an ongoing one. They don’t like that she hasn’t really addressed what to do with all your kids’ stuff and how to handle them. They don’t like that you have to get rid of all of your papers, which is actually a misnomer: Kondo just says you should limit them because they’re incapable of sparking joy, and you should confine them to three folders: needs immediate attention, must be kept for now, must be kept forever. At the     show, I stood in front of the booth of a man advertising his cleaning service, which can tidy up crime scenes as well as hoarders’ homes, and I asked some women eating spring rolls what they had against Kondo. The nice ones, struggling for something that wasn’t overtly bitchy to say, said they appreciated that the popularity of her book has brought attention to their industry, which still lobbies to be recognized by the government as an official occupation. (Until that happens, the NAPO women will have to continue calling themselves “interior designers” or “personal assistants” they would prefer “productivity consultants. ”) But they also feel as if they’ve been doing this for years, that “she just has one hell of a marketing machine, but she’s doing nothing that’s so different from us,” at least three of them said to me. Yet each organizer I spoke with said that she had the same fundamental plan that Kondo did, that the client should purge (they cry “purge” for what Kondo gently calls “discarding”) what is no longer needed or wanted somehow the extra step of thanking the object or folding it a little differently enrages them. This rage hides behind the notion that things are different here in America, that our lives are more complicated and our stuff is more burdensome and our decisions are harder to make. “It’s a book if you’re a   Japanese girl and you live at home and you still have a bunch of your Hello Kitty toys and stuff,” another NAPO member told me, which, while not the only thing a professional organizer told me that was tinged with an aggressive xenophobia and racism, it is the only one that can run in a New York Times article. They even hate Kondo’s verbiage. The word she uses, “tidying,” is annoying and arcane to them. “Tidying is what you do before your    comes over,” said one woman, while her two friends nodded. In addition, what Kondo offers is limited. Ellen Faye, the president of NAPO, told me the night before: “You know, I have a client who got me the book, who said, ‘Here, Ellen, read the book.’ I did page through it. I think her first book is kind of like the grapefruit diet that there’s nothing wrong with just eating grapefruit. It’s not going to get it all done. I mean grapefruit’s great for losing weight, and what she says is great for bringing order to your life, but it’s not the whole picture. It’s just a narrow slice. ” Ultimately, the women of NAPO said that Kondo’s methods were too draconian and that the clients they knew couldn’t live in Kondo’s world. They had jobs and children, and they needed baby steps and   and maintenance plans. They needed someone to do for them what they couldn’t naturally do for themselves. At the lounge, which included space for mindful coloring, I suggested to the organizers present that maybe the most potent difference between Kondo and the NAPO women is that the NAPO women seek to make a client’s life good by organizing their stuff Kondo, on the other hand, leads with her spiritual mission, to change their lives through magic. With her rigid     tidying marathon directive (no baby steps, no “slow and steady wins the race”) she is a little like the grapefruit diet: simple and extreme and incredibly hard, the way Americans like our renewal plans. A woman who was coloring heard my theory and rolled her eyes. Her name was Heather Ahern, an organizer in Massachusetts for nearly 13 years, and she deals mostly with a clientele who were surviving something hard: divorce, death, loss  —   when, for example, their loved ones have no idea how to access any of their online accounts and delete them. “Do you know how many dead people are on LinkedIn?” she asked me. (The correct answer to this is not: I don’t know, all of them?) “For some of my clients, just making it better is O. K.,” she said. “They don’t want a perfect house. There is no perfect house. ” But Kondo would agree with that. “I guess it’s the process,” Ahern said of what bothers her most about Kondo. Ahern’s philosophy is about process as much as about results. “I see that my clients are just too fragile to do that,” she said. We got up to go back to our rooms to briefly abandon our   casual for formal in preparation for the Black and White Ball, where the NAPO women would cut loose as much as their personalities would allow them by doing karaoke to Eminem and dancing to “Baby Got Back. ” Jenny Ning was   about being one of Kondo’s only employees who had not yet finished tidying(! ). What could Kondo possibly think of an employee representing KonMari Inc. to her American base not having her own house in order? We’d been through a lot together, Ning and I. Kondo needed an interpreter to speak with me, so I spent a lot of my reporting time outside our interviews with Ning. We attended the events and meetings, clueless in our    and I watched as she negotiated decisions about the certification program, which will cost around $1, 500 for a   session, and a newsletter they were toying with. Last year, when Kondo visited San Francisco, she came to Ning’s studio apartment, and Ning said she felt very ashamed when Kondo opened her closet. Kondo would visit San Francisco again to introduce the consultancy and maybe even before, and Ning told me she wanted to tidy and to show Kondo the progress. I asked if I could come along and maybe help Ning complete her tidying. When Ning was little, she loved to collect things: stamps, stickers, pencils. She was never overwhelmed by her stuff. She thinks of her childhood bedroom as “very happy. ” But as she grew into adulthood, she kept buying clothing: far too much of it. She went to work in finance, but she found the work empty and meaningless. She would come home and find herself overwhelmed by her stuff. So she began searching for “minimalism” on the internet almost constantly, happening on Pinterest pages of beautiful, empty bathrooms and kitchens, and she began to imagine that it was her stuff that was weighing her down. She read philosophy blogs about materialism and the accumulation of objects. “They just all talked about feeling lighter,” she said, with one leg folded under her and another on the floor as she sat on her bed, which no longer sparks joy and which she would sell in the coming weeks. Ning wanted that lightness. And here, at this moment in the story, Ning began to cry. “I never knew how to get here from there,” she said. Ning looked around her apartment, which is spare. She loves it here now, but that seemed impossible just a couple of years ago. She found Kondo’s book, and she felt better immediately, just having read it. She began tidying, and immediately she lost three pounds. She had been trying to lose weight forever, and then suddenly, without effort, three pounds, just gone. One day, she was texting a friend, saying that she thought she could live her ideal life if only she could work as Kondo’s assistant. It happened that Kondo was in San Francisco and, even better, she was speaking across the street from Ning’s finance job. After the talk, Ning tried to speak with Kondo, but she walked away with only a KonMari business card from one of Kondo’s associates. She didn’t hear anything initially when she wrote to the address. Undeterred, she quit her job and arranged a trip to Japan. There, she finally talked to associates of Kondo’s who told her of their plans to expand into the United States. Could Ning help? Could she! Ning worked free for KonMari Inc. for five months, before landing a salaried position. She donated the suits that she wore to her finance job and hung up all of her yoga clothing in her closet, even though, technically, KonMari does not endorse hanging leisure wear, but that is all she wears now, and all I’ve seen her wear, from the yoga class we did together to the professional events we attended. Ning has thrown away her collections. She has gone to her family’s home in San Diego and thrown away whatever was left there too. She wiped her tears and leaned in and told me, like a secret, that she has kept one collection: the stickers. She asked me if I wanted to see her album. She pulled it out from under her bed, pages and pages of Snoopy stickers and stickers of frogs and cupcakes and bunnies in raincoats playing in puddles and Easter baskets. She smiled down at them and touched a few while I thumbed through the pages. She asked if I wanted to watch her KonMari her pantry, and I said yes, of course I did. I sat next to her shelf full of books with names like “Secrets of  ” and “Move Your Stuff, Change Your Life” and “How to Be Idle” and “The Art of Serenity. ” We threw away expired gum and some Chinese healing herbs whose purpose Ning could no longer remember. A week later I was on another assignment, still using the same notebook from the Kondo story. As I flipped through it, passing through the pages of my notes from my time with Ning, I noticed that a tiny blue butterfly sticker had escaped her collection and landed on a page. When I saw the sticker, I froze and put my finger on it. I had had a sticker album, too. It had stickers that smelled like candy canes and purple. It had bubbly heart stickers and star stickers and Mork  Mindy stickers and Peanuts stickers, too. I went abroad for a year to Israel after high school. While I was there, the boiler in my house in Brooklyn exploded and a soot fire destroyed all our possessions. “Everyone is O. K. but there was a fire,” my father said when I called. What happened after I got off the phone still confounds me: I returned to my dorm room, and when my roommate asked me how things were at home, I told her they were fine, and we went to sleep. In the middle of the night, I woke my roommate up, telling her that my house burned down. She told me it was a dream, and I kept telling her I had just forgotten to tell her. She didn’t believe me for days. I never saw my sticker album again. I never saw anything again. After the place was cleared out, my mother was able to save a few photo albums, because they were closed when the soot invaded the basement and covered and ruined all the surfaces. When I look at the pictures, I don’t ever notice how young or cute my sisters and I were. I look in the background for the items that lie in the incidental path of my mother’s Canon. I try to remember what they smelled like or why we owned them or where we put them. I try to think of what my life would have been like if I’d returned home to what I left behind, the way my friends were able to return to their homes to what they’d left behind and keep returning, after they finished college and after they got married and after they had kids. I try to think of who I’d be if I weren’t in the habit of looking at my home before I left it each day and mentally preparing myself for the possibility that nothing I owned would be there when I got home that night. I try to know what feelings my lost objects, which I forget more and more as the years pass, would evoke if I could hold them in my hands, KonMari style, like a new kitten. Some would bring joy and some would not, but I’m not someone who thinks that joy is the only valid emotion. I try to remember what I no longer can because, in terms of my possessions, it is as if I was born on my 19th birthday. The reason I bring this up is to tell you that you could not have any stuff at all, much less too much stuff, and still be totally messed up about it. The reason I tell you this is so that you know that that tiny butterfly sticker has been the same burden to me as any hoarder’s yield. Nostalgia is a beast, and that is either a good reason to KonMari your life, or a terrible one, depending on how you want to live. The last time I saw Marie Kondo, we were in a hotel room in Midtown, a different one, and still the only visible objects in it were that metal suitcase and her husband’s laptop. But one item had been removed from the suitcase: a spray bottle that she keeps around. She sprays it into the air and the scent signals to her that she is finished working for the day, that her obligations, which seem endless lately, are done. I told her that, to my observation, a company trying to grow the way hers was trying to grow seemed at odds with the personality of someone who required such extreme measures for peace in the first place. “I do feel overwhelmed,” she told me, and she gave me one note of a quiet laugh. People demand a lot of her, not really understanding that you don’t go into a business like tidying if you’re able to handle a normal influx of activity and material. The world really likes her for her quirks. They make for good headlines and they certainly sell books, but nobody seems to be able to truly accept and accommodate them. I think the NAPO women have Kondo wrong. She is not one of them, intent on competing for their market share. She is not part of a breed of   “solopreneurs” bent on dominating the world, despite her hashtag. She has more in common with her clients. But when it comes to stuff, we are all the same. Once we’ve divided all the drawers and eliminated that which does not bring us joy and categorized ourselves within an inch of our lives, we’ll find that the person lying beneath all the stuff was still just plain old us. We are all a mess, even when we’re done tidying. At least Kondo knows it. “I was always more comfortable talking to objects than people,” she told me. At that moment, I could tell that if she had her way, I would leave the hotel room and she would spray her spray and be left alone, so she could ask the empty room if she could clean it.",0
13042,The US Elections Do Matter But Not Necessary To Follow Them – Sheikh Imran Hosein,"By Rixon Stewart on September 12, 2006 
Is television an entertainment media or instrument of control, a ‘control mechanism’? In ‘Eisenhower’s Death Camps': A U.S. Prison Guard’s Story By wmw_admin on May 4, 2007 
In Andernach about 50,000 prisoners of all ages were held in an open field surrounded by barbed wire. The men I guarded had no shelter and no blankets; many had no coats. They slept in the mud, wet and cold, with inadequate slit trenches for excrement. Holocaust, Hate Speech & Were the Germans so Stupid? – Updated By wmw_admin on March 23, 2011 
The brilliant examination of the ‘Holocaust’ by Anthony Lawson has since been censored on the basis of a false Copyright infrigment. But as Lawson explains, this just another attempt to stiffle freedom of expression Did New York Orchestrate The Asian Tsunami? By wmw_admin on October 17, 2008 
With Afghanistan and Iraq already lost, the Wall Street bankers were all desperately looking for other ways to control our world, when suddenly and very conveniently, the Sumatran Trench exploded. Trick or Treat? Joe Vialls investigates The Anglo-Saxon Mission Part II By wmw_admin on March 1, 2010 
Former City of London insider reveals that the depopulation program would begin with a planned war between Israel and Iran. More importantly, he goes onto to describe how we can derail their plans for global dominance Letter from James Abourezk, former US Senator from South Dakota to Jeff Blankfort on the Israel Lobby By wmw_admin on December 8, 2006 
More than being an insider’s confirmation of the power of the pro-Israel lobby over Congress, the former US Senator’s letter also calls into question Noam Chomsky’s increasingly suspect looking motives The Oklahoma City Bombing: 30 Unanswered Questions By wmw_admin on July 11, 2003 
Timothy McVeigh may have been tried and executed, but there are still too many unanswered questions about the Oklahoma City Bombing",0
13044,’Ban Cars to Stop Terror’ Says Sweden’s Best-Selling Newspaper After Stockholm Attack,"Cars and other vehicles “have turned into deadly weapons” and should be banished from cities to stop attacks like the one in Stockholm from happening in future, according to Aftonbladet editorialist Eva Franchell. [Crackdowns on immigration or extremist ideology are not the way forward when it comes to terror prevention, according to the veteran journalist, writing after Friday’s terror attack in Stockholm left four people dead.  Instead, it is cars  —   which she calls “effective murder machines”  —   that Franchell says “must simply be removed from city centres and places where people gather, if people are to be protected in future”. Vehicles are “easy to steal, and so nothing has been able to stop their advance” writes Ms. Franchell. “It just isn’t reasonable that a big truck can be driven right into one of Stockholm’s busiest streets on a Friday afternoon right before Easter. ” Noting how it is a popular destination for tourists, Franchell says the city centre must be a “safe environment” for visitors to enjoy. She described it as “remarkable” that it is possible to drive around the Swedish capital’s medieval old town. Outlining her vision for a   Stockholm, she argues: “Most problems with regards to mobility and public transport can be solved, and deliveries to shops and restaurants could take place at times when people aren’t out on the streets. ” “Vehicles have been allowed to dominate our cities for decades and it’s the people who need space. It’s vital now that cars be regulated,” the piece concludes. The idea of reducing the number of cars in Swedish cities was backed last month by Sweden’s environment minister, who argued that driving is a gender equality issue as well as a matter of shrinking the nation’s carbon emissions. “Cars are driven largely by men so by giving a lot of space to cars we’re giving a lot of space to men  —   at the expense of women,” Karolina Skog explained.",0
13045,November 18: Daily Contrarian Reads,"November 18: Daily Contrarian Reads By David Stockman.   My daily contrarian reads for Friday, November 18th, 2016.  ",0
13046,Hate Crime Hoax Finds Black Man Posing as Racist White Man in Obscene Letter Campaign - Breitbart,"An African American man in Tennessee was arrested for allegedly posing as a local white business owner and writing hoax letters pretending the businessman was a racist who was planning attacks on local black leaders. [Police in Knoxville, Tennessee, arrested Justin Lamar Coleman after they say he launched a campaign to discredit businessman Jeff McCown, the white owner of McCown Body Shop in Knoxville, according to the Knoxville News Sentinel.  Coleman came to the attention of police after it was reported by recipients that he sent letters to several African American leaders in the area, including Daryl Arnold, the pastor of Overcoming Believers Church in East Knoxville. Police said the letters contained racial epithets and threats of bodily harm toward the African American leaders and were signed as if the body shop owner had written them. One of the letters sent to Pastor Arnold’s daughter that was revealed by prosecutors read, “Tell your daddy Daryl to come to my paint and body shop call (sic) Jeff McCown. I wrote this letter (racial slur)   …     I hate (expletive, racial slur). I’m coming to your house to rape you. I’m going to get a chainsaw and cut your legs off and then cut your head off, black nasty (slur). ” The letter went on to threaten to castrate Pastor Arnold. The hoax letter concluded saying, “I am a very racist white man and with Mr. Trump in the White House being the Prisdent (sic) white people going to take over the world. ” It was signed as if the body shop owner had written it. Prosecutors also said there were other such letters allegedly sent by Coleman. Indeed, one was even sent to business owner McCown warning him that someone was going to kill him and burn his house down. Prosecutors say their investigation found that the letter writing campaign began over a confrontation Coleman had with McCown when Coleman drove over the grass in front of the body shop owner’s business back in 2010. A verbal altercation resulted after Coleman destroyed the landscaping with his truck. Coleman tried to charge the businessman with assault and for throwing rocks at his truck during the incident. Police investigated the 2010 accusations, but no proof was found to substantiate Coleman’s claims, and no charges were filed. In 2015 Coleman launched several social media attacks on McCown’s business, but the body shop owner ignored them. When Coleman realized the social media attack had no impact, he began to send the hoax letters to African American leaders, posing as a racist McCown. After pleading guilty, Coleman was placed under house arrest pending a hearing date. Assistant U. S. Attorney Jennifer Kolman opposed the lenient treatment, saying that the suspect posed a danger to the community. U. S. Magistrate Judge Bruce Guyton also ordered Coleman to receive mental health treatment after testimony revealed Coleman had past mental issues. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
13047,Who Is the Real Elena Ferrante? Italian Journalist Reveals His Answer - The New York Times,"In the latest twist in one of the most intriguing literary mysteries in recent history, an Italian investigative journalist says financial and real estate records indicate that the Italian translator Anita Raja  —   daughter of a Polish Jewish mother and Neapolitan father  —   is behind the   author Elena Ferrante. In a report released Sunday in The New York Review of Books and in Italian, French and German publications, Claudio Gatti, an investigative journalist for Il Sole 24 Ore, an Italian business daily, reported that records show a dramatic uptick in payments from Ms. Ferrante’s publishing house in Rome, Edizioni   to Ms. Raja since 2014, when Ms. Ferrante’s novels took off around the world. In recent years, Ms. Raja’s name and that of her husband, the novelist Domenico Starnone, have been most often mentioned as possibly being responsible for Ms. Ferrante’s books because of stylistic echoes in Ms. Ferrante’s work, in Mr. Starnone’s novels and in Ms. Raja’s translations of German novels whose   female narrators recall those in Ms. Ferrante’s books. Ms. Ferrante has become an international phenomenon with her four novels set in Naples:“My Brilliant Friend” (2012) “The Story of a New Name” (2013) “Those Who Leave and Those Who Stay” (2014) and “The Story of the Lost Child” (2015). The books trace the lives of two women from their childhoods in poverty in Naples into the middle class against the backdrop of Italian postwar history, exploring the complexities of female friendship. Mr. Gatti writes that financial records he received from an anonymous source show that payments to Ms. Raja from the publishing house increased by almost 50 percent in 2014, and in 2015 by more than 150 percent, “reaching an amount that was about seven times what she received in 2010. ” He said the payments coincided with a period in which Ms. Ferrante was likely to have received large royalty checks and that none of the publisher’s other employees or consultants saw such dramatic increases. Reached by phone, Sandra Ozzola Ferri, one of the owners and founders of Edizioni   said she had no comment on Mr. Gatti’s conclusions. “If someone wants to be left alone, leave her alone,” Ms. Ferri said. “She’s not a member of the Camorra, or Berlusconi. She’s a writer and isn’t doing anyone any harm. ” Ms. Raja could not immediately be reached for comment. Mr. Gatti reported that she had not returned messages he left for her. Both Ms. Raja and Mr. Starnone have previously denied they wrote the books. Asked why he would want to delve into the identity of Ms. Ferrante, whose readers value her anonymity, Mr. Gatti said, “I understand that a good chunk of readers might be upset. ” He said he was doing his job as an Italian investigative journalist based in New York. “The biggest mystery outside Italy about Italy is who is Elena Ferrante,” Mr. Gatti said. “I’m supposed to provide answers, that’s what I do for a living. ” Beyond the financial records, Mr. Gatti cited literary clues linking Ms. Raja to Ms. Ferrante’s books, including that Nino, the love interest in the Naples novels, is Mr. Starnone’s family nickname. But his primary evidence was financial. “Raja’s work as a translator  —   a notoriously poorly paid occupation  —   can hardly account for her anomalously large income,” Mr. Gatti wrote. Ms. Raja retired last year from her day job as the head of a public library in Rome. Mr. Gatti also said that real estate records showed that in June 2016, Mr. Starnone had purchased an      apartment in Rome at an estimated value of $1. 5 million to $2 million. Ms. Ferrante’s   Neopolitan Novels have found a passionate readership, especially among women  —   Hillary Clinton recently said she was reading them  —   and some look to them as feminist touchstones. They have been released in 40 countries, with 2. 6 million copies in print in   editions. The books’ literary power is derived in part from the author’s anonymity. And Ms. Ferrante’s  fans have said they couldn’t possibly believe her work was written by a man, as some literary critics have speculated. As their success grew, so did curiosity about Ms. Ferrante’s identity, which gave rise to amateur literary sleuthing at a level not seen since the unmasking of Joe Klein as the author of “Primary Colors,” a roman à clef about Bill Clinton’s 1992 presidential campaign. Ms. Ferrante, explained her choice of anonymity in a 2014 interview with The New York Times, conducted via email. “What counts most for me is to preserve a creative space that seems full of possibilities, including technical ones,” she wrote. “The structural absence of the author affects the writing in a way that I’d like to continue to explore. ” Ms. Raja, who was born in Naples in 1953, has worked as a consultant to Edizioni   which has published her Italian translations of writing by the German feminist writer Christa Wolf, whose books feature complex women as narrators. Mr. Starnone’s novels often play with the notion of literary doubles and, like Ms. Ferrante’s work, feature   who draw on their Neapolitan roots as material even as they write to escape those roots. This year, an Italian academic speculated that Marcella Marmo, a Neapolitan historian, might be behind the books. (Ms. Marmo denied she was.) Devoted readers have lined up for copies of Ms. Ferrante’s novels signed by Ann Goldstein, the   translator, as if she were a kind of sibyl in contact with the divine. A professor at the University of Padua in Italy recently called on academics to use quantitative analysis to compare Ms. Ferrante’s prose to Mr. Starnone’s. In a deeply reported sidebar, Mr. Gatti discovered that Ms. Raja’s mother had come to Italy from Germany with her parents in 1937 to escape the Nazis. Her extended family perished in the Holocaust. But how Ms. Ferrante’s novels came into being remains a mystery that financial records alone cannot solve definitively. Was Ms. Raja the sole author of Ms. Ferrante’s books? Are they the product of collaboration, including with Mr. Starnone, as literary critics have speculated in the past, even as Ms. Ferrante’s fans have bristled? Mr. Starnone’s name first came up in 2005, when an Italian literary critic, Luigi Galella, spotted similarities between Ms. Ferrante’s first novel, “Troubling Love,” published in Italy in 1992, and Mr. Starnone’s 2000 novel “Via Gemito. ” Both are set in Naples, narrated by the   children of violent painter fathers who beat their seamstress wives, and some descriptions are strikingly similar. Only one of Mr. Starnone’s novels has been translated into English: “First Execution,” published in 2009 by Europa Editions. His latest novel, “Lacci,” or “laces,” published in 2014, tells a story of the dissolution  —   and reconstitution  —   of a marriage, but from multiple perspectives over decades, a technique favored by Ms. Wolf. Its plot echoes that of Ms. Ferrante’s 2002 novel, “The Days of Abandonment,” told from the perspective of a woman who falls apart then pulls herself together after her husband leaves her with two young children. But since last year, literary critics have begun making a strong case for Ms. Raja, because of her years translating the work of Ms. Wolf and other feminist authors writing in German. Ms. Ferrante’s Naples novels are preoccupied with questions of authorial power, as well as with the emotional and personal risks writers face when mining their own families for material. A theme in Ms. Wolf’s work is a fear that writing about someone is a way of killing that person, as Ms. Raja herself explained in an interview in Italy’s daily La Repubblica last year. Ms. Wolf died in 2011. The first Naples novel appeared in 2012. In an essay last year, Rebecca Falkoff, a professor of Italian at New York University, traced the similarities between Ms. Ferrante’s novels and Ms. Wolf’s. “The more I read about Raja,” Ms. Falkoff wrote, “the more convinced I became that she is indeed Ferrante. ”",0
13048,Hillary Clinton celebrates her birthday on Spanish TV show and spins her eyes for our entertainment... | Opinion - Conservative,"(Before It's News)
I'm about to be seriously un-PC.
Hillary Clinton appeared yesterday on El Gordo y la Flaca, a Univision TV show. I would never ask my loyal readers to watch these videos in their entirety. However, it is clear Hillary does not have custody of her eye movements. In the first video you can stop at 7s, 15s, and 31s to witness her whacked out eyes.
At the 1:35 mark of the second video, Hillary is introduced by a “little person” who conveniently helps her down the stairs on to the set. Hop up to 4:12, 6:01, 6:10, and 6:21 to see her eyes scramble. It is particularly noticeable at 6:10.
Does the following make me a racist?
If you'd like to know what Hillary is talking about in the second video you'll have to be able to speak Spanish since the translator speaks over Hillary. What happened to immigrants having to speak English to become a citizen? If the people watching this need to have it translated in order to know what Hillary is saying, then why are they allowed to vote?",0
13049,None of Them Have Ever Been My President,"  by BAR   
Tens of thousands have demonstrated against the election of Donald Trump. Some are activists, continuing the struggle. Others are Democrats that are just “mad.” “The Black movement against police terror didn’t need a Donald Trump waiting in the vestibule of the White House to get “mad.” For those who fear Trump’s “fascism,” the threat level “depends on how he uses the arsenal of repressive tools bequeathed to him by the Obama administration.” None of Them Have Ever Been My President by BAR   
“You can’t scare people with a specter if they have already been in combat with the real thing.” 
As a revolutionary Black nationalist whose socialism predates my facial hairs, I have no problem saying Donald Trump is not my president. Neither is the current occupant of the White House, nor were any of the Democrats, Republicans and Whigs that preceded him. 
On a chilly November day in 2009 a newly-created coalition, of which I was a co-founder, marched on the White House to denounce and renounce Barack Obama as a tool of white supremacy and the imperial war machine. “Obama, Obama, you can’t hide – We charge you with genocide,” we shouted, indicting the First Black President for the crimes he was busily committing in service to his masters on Wall Street. The Black is Back Coalition for Social Justice, Peace and Reparations had been formed less than two months before, largely to demonstrate that not all Black people were bamboozled by the slick corporate politician from Chicago, elected one year earlier in the nation’s first billion dollar presidential campaign. As the Coalition’s founding press release stated : 
“Black and Brown people continue to suffer the brunt of un/under-employment and predatory loan scandal crises. Military spending under Obama has increased as have the warfare this nation continues to export to Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Venezuela and Colombia. Mass incarceration, police brutality and political imprisonment remain rampant...” 
The Black is Back Coalition warned of the “traps set by Obama’s so-called ‘post-racial’ politics that perpetuates the same oppressive militarist agenda well known during the Bush regime.” 
To paraphrase Fidel Castro, history has vindicated us. 
“Obama joined George Bush and Bill Clinton in perpetuating the 20 year-long slaughter in the Democratic Republic of Congo that has claimed more than six million lives.” 
Obama mobilized NATO air forces and jihadist proxies to destroy Libya, which had previously enjoyed the highest living standard in Africa. He redeployed these same al Qaida terrorists to Syria, killing 400,000 people, displacing half the surviving population and bringing the U.S. to the very brink of nuclear war with Russia. This so-called “Son of Africa” has effectively occupied most of the continent through a U.S. Military Command (AFRICOM) that was less than a year old when Obama was sworn into office. The African Union provides diplomatic cover for the CIA-run “peace keeping” mission in Somalia, while U.S. conventional forces have infiltrated the militaries of all but two African nations. The holdouts, Eritrea and Zimbabwe, are under constant threat of regime change. Obama joined George Bush and Bill Clinton in perpetuating the 20 year-long slaughter in the Democratic Republic of Congo that has claimed more than six million lives, the worst genocide since World War Two (“Obama, Obama, you can’t hide, We charge you with genocide!”) 
With the eager assistance of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Obama baldly abetted a Nazi-spearheaded coup against the elected government in Ukraine -- and then blamed Moscow when Russian-speaking Ukrainians resisted, provoking a “New Cold War” that could turn hot in an instant. At the same time, Obama “pivoted” to militarily confront China, whose economy is already, by some measures, larger than the U.S. The jihadist war in Syria should also be seen as a theater of imperialism’s last ditch offensive to encircle “Eurasia” in hopes of preserving U.S.-based multinational corporate domination of a “rigged” system of dollar-based world trade. 
Just as the Black is Back Coalition warned, Barack Obama was the Black face of imperialism -- a change of color without a difference. He tried to hand off the controls to Hillary Clinton, who got six million votes less than he did, and lost. 
Back in 2007, when Obama and Clinton were pretending to be ideological opponents -- as cookie-cutter corporate Democrats often do -- we at Black Agenda Report wrote that “ There’s not a dime’s worth of difference ” between the two. Every decent, peace-loving person on Earth should be glad to be rid of both of them. Humanity would probably not survive another year of either one. 
“Barack Obama was the Black face of imperialism -- a change of color without a difference.” 
Donald Trump is also a danger to humanity, like every other U.S. chief executive since Truman nuked Hiroshima and Nagasaki. If words mean anything, Trump starts off posing less of a doomsday international menace, since he claims to want to establish talking, rather than shouting, threatening, nuke-rattling relations with Russia and China, while Clinton’s version of “reset” was an armed confrontation with Russia over the skies of Syria. Of course, all that could quickly change. Trump may be a “party of one” among Republicans in Congress and even in his own cabinet. 
For those who fear Trump’s “fascism,” the threat level depends on how he uses the arsenal of repressive tools bequeathed to him by the Obama administration. These legal, infrastructural and technological instruments of the national security state are fascist in their intent; they were made for the purpose of tracking, disorganizing, neutralizing and locking up dissidents, and disinforming the public at large. Thus, President Obama and his predecessors were fascist- minded , whether you call their administrations operatively fascist or not. The Obama administration would not have pushed a bill through Congress allowing the U.S. military to detain American citizens without trial or charge if he had not anticipating using it. He would not have feverishly upgraded an omnipresent national and global surveillance apparatus if he did not anticipate putting it to the task of martial rule. Fascist-minded is all that can be said of Trump, at this point, as well. 
Black Lives Matter activists have been under FBI surveillance since day one. Ever since Ferguson, the federal government has taken the lead in over-charging “rioters” in rebellious cities. New York City cops have used social media surveillance as the basis for conspiracy charges against groups of more than 100 young Black people in separate sweeps in Manhattan and The Bronx. The “fascism” that correctly described Jim Crow rule in the pre-Civil Rights South lives on at the core of the mass Black incarceration regime put in place with the crushing of the Black Liberation Movement, two generations ago. The current movement against police terror, which ultimately demands Black community control of the police, put activists in direct confrontation with the coercive arm of the State. There is no retreat from this response to the demands of Black people “on the street,” who bear the daily brunt of repression and are also among the most effective organizers. 
“Obama would not have feverishly upgraded an omnipresent national and global surveillance apparatus if he did not anticipate putting it to the task of martial rule.” 
The Black movement against police terror didn’t need a Donald Trump waiting in the vestibule of the White House to get “mad.” The movement has already crossed the Rubicon of confrontation with the State. The moment occurred in the second term of the First Black President, when a new generation learned that liberation cannot be vicariously experienced. The 21 st century Black movement emerged with the knowledge that Black corporate Democrats are not their allies, nor are Black police chiefs, or Black preachers whose real loyalties are to the Democratic Party and its Wall Street patrons. 
If the Black movement were afraid of the likes of Donald Trump, it never would have gone up against the militarized police that occupy Black communities. You can’t scare people with a specter if they have already been in combat with the real thing. 
To the extent that electoral activity is useful to the movement, it should be employed with special vigilance close at hand, against misleaders like the 32 members of the Congressional Black Caucus who failed to support the Grayson Amendment that would have halted Pentagon transfers of weapons and equipment to local police departments. These “ Treasonous 32 ”, comprising 80 percent of full-voting Black Democrats in the House, cast their shameful votes in June, 2014, just two months before Michael Brown was shot down in Ferguson, Missouri. (Rep. William “Lacy” Clay, representing Michael Brown’s district, was among the 32.) If the movement is to have any special targets for electoral vengeance, it is these homegrown enemies, who turn Black people’s votes against themselves. 
Trump or no Trump, the Black movement must continue to press and refine its demands -- or Power will concede nothing. On November 6, after their annual march on the White House, the organizations of the Black is Back Coalition ratified a 19-point document that puts self-determination at the heart of the broadest range of issues confronting Black America: “Every central demand, every strategy of struggle, must be formulated with the goal of self-determination in mind. Otherwise, the movement will allow itself to be drowned in reformist schemes and projects that bind Black people even more tightly to structures of outside control.” The points range from “Black Community Control of Police,” to “Halting Gentrification,” to “Nationalization of the Banks.” 
The points were compiled during Barack Obama’s time in the White House, and they will remain relevant under a President Donald Trump. 
We’ve been mad. Let’s get organized, and get free.  ",0
13050,Merkel’s Germany Descends Into Lawlessness As Muslim Migrants Rule The Streets With Impunity,"  Merkel’s Germany Descends Into Lawlessness As Muslim Migrants Rule The Streets With Impunity Germany has been hit by a spate of horrendous violent crime by Muslim migrants including rapes, sexual and physical assaults, stabbings, home invasions, robberies, burglaries and drug trafficking.   During the first six months of 2016, Muslim migrants committed 142,500 crimes, according to the German Federal Criminal Police Office. Germany has been hit by a spate of horrendous violent crime including rapes, sexual and physical assaults, stabbings, home invasions, robberies, burglaries and drug trafficking. Adding to the country’s woes is the fact that thousands of people have gone missing after travelling to the country on invitation from the country’s leader. Germany took in more than 1.1 million Muslim migrants in the past year and parts of the country are crippled with a lack of infrastructure. Now the true reality is hitting home ahead of next year’s elections as the far right surges in the polls threatening to topple the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) leader Mrs Merkel. According to a report by the international policy council the Gatestone Institute , local police in many parts of the country admit that they are stretched to the limit. The report states: “The rape of a ten-year-old girl in Leipzig, the largest city in Saxony, has drawn renewed attention to the spiraling levels of violent crime perpetrated by migrants in cities and towns across Germany. “During the first six months of 2016, migrants committed 142,500 crimes, according to the Federal Criminal Police Office. This is equivalent to 780 crimes committed by migrants every day, an increase of nearly 40 per cent over 2015. The data includes only those crimes in which a suspect has been caught. “Thousands of Muslim migrants who entered the country as ‘asylum seekers’ or ‘refugees’ have gone missing. They are, presumably, economic migrants who entered Germany on false pretenses. “Many are thought to be engaging in robbery and criminal violence.” According to Freddi Lohse of the German Police Union in Hamburg, many migrant offenders view the leniency of the German justice system as a green light to continue delinquent behavior, says the report. He said: “They are used to tougher consequences in their home countries. “They have no respect for us.” Meanwhile a female police officer has admitted that officers are under attack and that the courts are a “joke.” In a new book, Tania Kambouri, a German police officer, said: “For weeks, months and years I have noticed that Muslims, mostly young men, do not have even a minimum level of respect for the police. “When we are out patrolling the streets, we are verbally abused by young Muslims. source SHARE  ",0
13051,Hipster dog only likes 80s dog food that you can’t get any more,"Hipster dog only likes 80s dog food that you can’t get any more 07-11-16 A DOG hipster will only eat an obscure type of vintage dog food that he enjoys in a semi-ironic way. Labrador Wayne Hayes refuses to eat normal dog biscuits, preferring a discontinued American 80s brand of dog food called Chunkiez that his owners have to buy off the internet at vast expense. Hayes said: “I’m all about Chunkiez Beefy Mix because the box they come in has such a cool design aesthetic. It just speaks to my vibe. “I realise it’s £17 a box because they stopped making it in 1984 and there’s only one warehouse in Canada that has stock, but like everything in my life it’s paid for by my parents.” Hayes, who also claims to like postmen and fireworks, reckons he is friends with all the working class bull terriers at his local park even though they growl at him whenever he approaches. 
Share:",0
13052,“I Was Sort of a Jack-A** Before Meditation”: One Way We Can Help Shift Police Brutality,"There are layers to every good story; nuances to be explored, discussed, and shared. I first met York Region Police officer Jon Carson through Rev Bhante Saranapala, head monk at the West End Buddhist Temple in Mississuga, Canada. Bhante and I worked together on a story after a picture that had been taken in the temple showing Peel Region Police officers sitting in lotus position, eyes closed, and meditating with him went viral.
Bhante and Jon became friends through the meditation connection. After the success and interest of that story, Bhante mentioned to me that he was friends with an officer known as ‘the mindful cop,’ who was working to change the culture within his police region, helping officers become more self-aware through mindfulness training.
Bhante thought I might like to meet him. And he was right.
It was a pleasure sitting and chatting with this officer of 15 years and learning about his journey with mindfulness. Quite frankly, it’s not every day you come across a cop that meditates! His soft spoken yet confident tone made it clear he takes this seriously and has made a real lifestyle change for the better. He spoke about the great benefits that had come from his mindfulness training for not only his family and work life, but also, and most importantly, to the community he served.
But Jon wasn’t always into meditation. In fact, he says he laughed out loud when his wife (also an officer) gave him a magazine with Lieutenant Richard Goerling sitting cross-legged and meditating on the cover. At the time, he had been recovering from an accident that left him with his eighth concussion. His doctor prescribed three things to him for recovery, and, fortunately for Jon, meditation was one of them.
He talked about the synchronicity of the doctor’s prescription and the meditating cop on the cover of the magazine, and how he recognized he was “being given meditation by the universe.” Prior to this, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) had been a very real part of his life. He told me about a call he responded to in 2009 involving a very young child. “I’ve been dealing with the trauma of that incident and many others since,” said Jon. And he’s been dealing from the inside out.
PTSD affected 15-18% of officers in the U.S. in 2015, but many officers suffer in silence. The media portrays police officers as tough, stoic, manly — the alpha male rather than the vulnerable human being. But they are real people, just as susceptible to trauma and affected by violence as the rest of us. We just don’t see it, according to Jon. He knew he could either deal with his PTSD with a six-pack of beer or a sleeve of cookies, but neither was conducive to real healing.
Policing is one of the most stressful occupations out there. Typically fitness is used to help officers deal with the horrific things they see, but that doesn’t really address or treat the mental health issues. Unresolved thoughts can lead to pent up emotions, and according to one study published earlier this year, excessive anger is the prevailing emotion amongst officers. This can negatively impact the well-being of the officer, which in turn negatively impacts the well-being of the public. Recognizing the anger he felt inside, Jon read Lieutenant Richard Goerling ‘s story a number of times while recovering and began slowly incorporating meditation into his life.
He became a ‘closet meditator,’ putting his headphones in and closing his eyes at work or sneaking off with a pillow to go sit in the prayer room at the station. While some questioned what he was doing, others noticed big changes in his demeanor and language.
When I asked him why it was important for officers to have mindfulness based training, he responded, ” …Coming back to the breath. If we can have that pause between the reaction versus the response, we can be that much more effective when dealing with the public.” With all the violence we’ve seen recently involving police and civilians, it felt refreshing to meet someone actually presenting a solution to the violence that is accessible to all. The more we are aware of what is happening internally, the more we can respond calmly to the situation rather than reacting in the moment, without thought.
I also asked who Jon Carson was before mindfulness training, and he said, “a bit of a jack-ass.” He always expected people to follow his orders without question — he would show up and they would do as he said, and that’s it. Now, all of that has changed. He creates space for dialogue, and lots of it. We’ve lost sight of what effective communication looks like and how to actually ‘hear’ other people — listening deeply to the needs behind the emotionally charged statements some people make in heated situations.
Jon believes strongly in implementing mindful based training to officers and knows it can be an invaluable tool on their belt. He felt compelled to approach his bosses and present this mindful training course to all new recruits, which has since been approved. Now, York Region Police is looking to quantify their results, to encourage other forces to follow suit.
Changing police culture is not easy, and Jon has received some funny looks from some of his colleagues, but he knows change sometimes come slowly, particularly systemic change. But he also knows this has the potential to make our society a better place, to transform it, literally from the inside out. See, the thing about mindfulness is that it’s for everyone; it breaks down barriers and helps us see others as humans first, and occupation, race, or whatever else, last. Jon mentioned toward the end of our chat that if both sides remembered that we were just people, who have families, and good days and bad days — that we’re just people who make mistakes, and who learn from them — a lot of misconceptions both sides have about each other would slowly slip away.
Look out for a follow-up with @mindfulcop Jon and other officers who are boldly coming forward in the same way.
",0
13053,Scientists Told To ‘Remain Silent’ On Glyphosate Cancer Findings,"  Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US // 0 Comments 
The World Health Organization (WHO) have told scientists to stay silent on documents relating to the cancer-causing dangers associated with glyphosate. 
In a letter, officials from the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) warned scientists against disclosing information from a 2015 study that suggests that Monsanto’s weedkiller Roundup is carcinogenic. 
Agweb.com reports: 
The WHO’s International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) distributed a report in early 2015 calling the weed killer “probably carcinogenic.” 
Makers of the product say the claim is false, citing their own research into the product. 
Since then, several groups using Freedom of Information Laws have asked for documents related to how the IARC decision was made, including scientists on the panel that live and work in the U.S. at U.S. institutions. 
In response, the WHO said those documents pertaining to glyphosate research are private and its own property. 
Reuters reports some parties are considering a lawsuit seeking to clarify whether that’s the case and if it’s subject to U.S. FOIA laws. 
Glyphosate is the key ingredient of Roundup, which is sold by Monsanto.",0
13054,"Sean Spicer Raises Outcry With Talk of Hitler, Assad and Poison Gas - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, set off an intense backlash on Tuesday when he suggested that President Bashar   of Syria was guilty of acts worse than Hitler and asserted that Hitler had not used chemical weapons, ignoring the use of gas chambers at concentration camps during the Holocaust. Mr. Spicer later apologized. During his daily briefing for reporters, Mr. Spicer was defending President Trump’s decision to order a missile strike on Syria by trying to lend gravity to the actions of Mr. Assad. American officials accuse the Syrian president of using sarin gas, a lethal chemical weapon, in an attack on a   area of Idlib Province last week that killed dozens, many of them children. But in misconstruing the facts of the Holocaust  —   Nazi Germany’s brutally efficient, carefully orchestrated extermination of six million Jews and others  —   Mr. Spicer instead drew a torrent of criticism and added to the perception that the Trump White House lacks sensitivity and has a tenuous grasp of history. “We didn’t use chemical weapons in World War II,” Mr. Spicer said. “You know, you had someone as despicable as Hitler who didn’t even sink to using chemical weapons. ” He continued, “So you have to, if you are Russia, ask yourself: Is this a country and a regime that you want to align yourself with?” The White House charged Tuesday that Russia had sought to cover up the Syrian government’s role in the chemical attack. Asked to clarify his remarks, Mr. Spicer then acknowledged that Hitler had used chemical agents, but maintained that there was a difference. “I think when you come to sarin gas, he was not using the gas on his own people the same way that Assad is doing,” Mr. Spicer said, incorrectly, before mentioning “Holocaust centers,” an apparent reference to Nazi death camps. 160, 000 to 180, 000 Jews killed by the Nazis were from Germany, according to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum. Mr. Spicer’s explanation drew gasps from reporters in the briefing room. The remarks almost immediately elicited outrage on social media and correctives from scholars of the Holocaust. “Historically, it’s just wrong,” said Deborah Lipstadt, a leading historian of the Holocaust and a professor at Emory University in Atlanta. Mr. Spicer “should not be making comparisons,” Dr. Lipstadt said. “It’s, at the best, not thought out, and at the worst, shows a latent  . ” Shortly after his briefing, Mr. Spicer again tried to clarify his comments, saying in a statement that he was not “trying to lessen the horrendous nature of the Holocaust. ” “I was trying to draw a distinction of the tactic of using airplanes to drop chemical weapons on population centers,” he said. “Any attack on innocent people is reprehensible and inexcusable. ” But the clarification did not quiet calls from some corners, including from Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the Democratic leader, for Mr. Trump to fire Mr. Spicer. By Tuesday evening, Mr. Spicer was on CNN, offering a contrite apology. “I was trying to draw a comparison for which there shouldn’t have been one,” he said. The Trump administration has a history of missteps on the Holocaust. Days after Mr. Trump took office, a White House statement marking International Holocaust Remembrance Day was sharply criticized  for failing to directly mention Jews or  . Nor was Tuesday the only time Mr. Spicer has shown a hazy understanding of world events or appeared not to understand the implications of his words. On Monday, he said that the president would retaliate against Syria not only if it used chemical weapons, but also barrel bombs. “If you gas a baby, if you put a barrel bomb into innocent people, I think you will see a response from this president,” Mr. Spicer said. Barrel bombs are the Assad government’s preferred tool of mass killing Syrian forces dropped more than 12, 000 of them in 2016, according to the Syrian Network for Human Rights. Mr. Spicer’s comments, if taken literally, would signal a much broader American intervention in Syria’s civil war. Mr. Spicer also said twice on Tuesday that Iran was a “failed state,” lumping it in with North Korea and Syria. Iran, though an adversary of the United States with a history of repression, is a robust, functioning state.",0
13055,Russia suggests joint engineering troops’ drills with India,"Russia suggests joint engineering troops’ drills with India 27 October 2016 TASS The Russian defence minister Sergei Shoigu announced this initiative during a bilateral meeting with his Indian counterpart Manohar Parrikar. Facebook indian army , russian armed forces , drills Russian engineering troops during the Caucasus-2016 drills. Source:mil.ru 
Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoigu suggested on Wednesday that Russia and India should hold joint engineering troops’ drills. 
The Russian defence minister also invited Indian specialists to take part in the Army 2017 military and technical forum. 
""The Russian defence minister announced these initiatives during a bilateral meeting with his Indian counterpart Manohar Parrikar,"" Defence Ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov told journalists. 
Russia, India will expand military cooperation with focus on Navy projects 
It has been proposed that the joint maneuvers for humanitarian mine clearance should be held on the basis of the Russian international anti-mine center whose specialists took part in the operation to clear the ancient Syrian town of Palmyra of mines, he said. 
The Russian defence minister also invited the Indian military to take part in the Army Games-2017. 
First published by TASS .",0
13056,"Trump Offers Father Down on His Luck $10,000 Check at Inaugural Event - Breitbart","A FedEx courier and former security guard from Illinois was surprised with an invitation to meet with Donald Trump after the   saw a story on the struggling single father. But the special meeting wasn’t the only surprise. The young man was stunned when Trump presented him with a check for $10, 000. [Shane Bouvet, a    single dad, was featured in a Washington Post story highlighting his visit to D. C. to support Donald Trump’s inauguration.  The paper revealed that Bouvet was headed to D. C. in a borrowed suit and donated shoes to celebrate Trump’s oath of office. “This is pretty much the biggest thing I’ve done in my life,” Bouvet told the paper. “I don’t get out much. I’m a     guy. ” But a mere visit to Washington to see this historic day was far from the only notable thing about Bouvet’s visit, because Trump himself saw the paper’s feature on Bouvet and invited the young man to a    meeting. On Thursday, only a day before he took the oath of office to become the 45th president of the United States of America, Donald Trump met Mr. Bouvet, shook his hand, and offered some help. “This is the greatest guy,” Trump said as he shook Bouvet’s hand in a tented area behind the Lincoln Memorial on Thursday, the Post reported. Bouvet called his father and had him say hello to the president in waiting. The   laughed that Bouvet’s father, who is also named Don, has “a great name. ” After Bouvet’s phone call back home, Trump signed autographs for the young man’s son and then came the big surprise. As Mr. Bouvet prepared to end his historic meeting with the   Donald Trump handed him a personal check for $10, 000. As he walked away stunned and crying, Bouvet muttered aloud, “Did that just happen?” Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
13057,"Panti Bliss, Ireland’s Queen of Drag, Expands Her Kingdom - The New York Times","Ireland became the first country in the world to legalize   marriage by popular vote in 2015, thanks in part to the advocacy of a drag queen called Panti Bliss. A pub owner and longtime fixture on the gay scene, she rose to mainstream fame the year before the vote when her male alter ego, Rory O’Neill, was sued for criticizing a group of activists on TV for their views on homosexuality. The lawsuit sparked a national outcry known as “Pantigate. ” During the controversy, Panti made a speech about homophobia that became a viral video sensation and turned her into a symbol of the gay rights movement in Ireland. The eventual success of the campaign for   marriage seemed to cement her celebrated status. That was a year and a half ago. For many activists  —   or drag queens  —   the story might have ended there, capped off by cheering crowds chanting her name at Dublin Castle when the results of the marriage referendum were announced. But Panti’s cultural footprint has expanded ever since. “He has a radio show, the theater show, he’s absolutely unstoppable,” Conor Horgan, a filmmaker who directed a documentary about Mr. O’Neill. “Panti’s brand is a movable feast. ” Mr. Horgan’s film received critical acclaim in Ireland and Britain in 2015 and made its New York premiere last weekend at the Irish Screen America film festival. It traces the last three decades of Ireland’s gay history through Mr. O’Neill’s life story. “As my mother would say, it’s quite the turn up for the books,” Mr. O’Neill said over lunch in New York. “If you’d said it to me 10 years ago, I would have looked at you. It’s pretty wild how queer Ireland has become. ” Panti is not alone. In recent years, a host of prominent Irish people have come out, including Maria Walsh, the winner of the Rose of Tralee, an Irish beauty pageant, Pat Carey, a former government minister, and Leo Varadkar, a young politician widely seen as a possible future prime minister. For Mr. O’Neill, becoming a symbol of modern Ireland has had its perks beyond the film, which is now playing in American film festivals. He has traveled the world as Panti, performing a   show to   houses in New York, London and Sydney. (He is in two separate shows that are in talks for a North America run.) He also released a memoir in 2014. Panti has interviewed scientists about the meaning of life for her new national radio show, and she even addressed the country last December for a “Queen’s Christmas Message. ” It was a cheeky take on a British tradition, with a towering blonde drag queen earnestly praising the nation for its changing attitudes. Those changes reach beyond   marriage. Ireland’s embrace of gay rights has inspired a new generation of progressive activism on issues like abortion access, said Ailbhe Smyth, who has long campaigned for both causes. Abortion is severely restricted by the eighth amendment to Ireland’s constitution, and has been the subject of multiple referendums since 1983. Many young political activists who came of age during Pantigate and the gay marriage campaign are pushing for another referendum. Ms. Smyth called them “a cadre of people who know how to do things on the ground. ” “The victory in the ‘Yes Equality’ campaign further opened up the path for   change in Ireland. People say ‘we can do this, we won this,’ ” she said. “You get that momentum and dynamism, that sense of optimism that flows from a victory. ” Panti Bliss was a leader in Ireland’s gay scene for more than two decades, an H. I. V.  drag queen who hosted “The Alternative Miss Ireland” pageant for 18 years and mentored a generation of younger performers. Una Mullally, a columnist for The Irish Times, said she was not the first figure in Irish history who, at first glance, seemed like an unlikely icon. “We hold our outsiders up to become Irish heroes, whether that’s people who were queer, like Oscar Wilde, or intellectual, like Beckett, or who hated Dublin, like Joyce,” Ms. Mullally said. “Panti is in that lineage in a way. Despite our social conservatism there is a sense of devilment among Irish people. ” In New York, Mr. O’Neill said he sometimes felt conflicted about his success. The New York premiere of his film was attended by Irish diplomats and Melissa   the speaker of the New York City Council, who hailed him as “a catalyst for change” in a speech. It was a far cry from his roots in the night life of the late 1980s, when he became a drag queen because it was “underground and transgressive and discombobulating,” he said. “To me it’s inherently punk,” Mr. O’Neill said. “Which is then odd for me to suddenly be an establishment figure. ” He said his performances and activism have always been devoted to expanding the idea of Irishness to include the marginalized, like migrants, religious minorities or L. G. B. T. people. He calls it “queering the Irish space. ” Did he think it was working? The question drew a laugh. “Maybe too well!”",0
13058,Obama Defends Transgender Directive for School Bathrooms - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Obama on Monday made an impassioned argument for his administration’s decision to instruct public schools to allow transgender students to use the bathroom that matches their gender identity, saying that society must protect the dignity and safety of vulnerable children. The remarks were the president’s first public comments on a directive released Friday that has added fuel to a searing national debate over transgender rights. Mr. Obama said the guidance, issued by the Education and Justice Departments, represented “our best judgment” on how to help schools wrestling with the issue. “We’re talking about kids, and anybody who’s been in school, been in high school, who’s been a parent, I think should realize that kids who are sometimes in the minority  —   kids who have a different sexual orientation or are transgender  —   are subject to a lot of bullying, potentially they are vulnerable,” Mr. Obama said in an interview with BuzzFeed News. “I think that it is part of our obligation as a society to make sure that everybody is treated fairly, and our kids are all loved, and that they’re protected and that their dignity is affirmed. ” The White House has said little about Mr. Obama’s role in the release of the guidance, which had been under development for months, other than to say that he had been kept apprised of its progress and that it was broadly consistent with his values. It has drawn condemnations from many Republican lawmakers who call it an example of presidential overreach. Greg Abbott, the governor of Texas, said on Monday that the guidance violated the principle of separation of powers, and state officials there have signaled that they will seek to challenge it in court. “The president is turning the Constitution on its head,” Mr. Abbott told Fox News. “He’s trying to cram down as many parts of his liberal agenda on the United States of America as he possibly can” before leaving office in January. The clash comes as the Obama administration is battling North Carolina over a law that says transgender people must use restrooms and changing facilities that correspond to their sex at birth. The Justice Department sued the state this month, arguing that the law is discriminatory. “There’s no denying that there has been a significant uptick in public consideration of these kinds of questions” because of North Carolina’s measure, Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said on Monday, before the president’s comments were published online. “The White House was not just aware of these policy deliberations but in the loop as the decisions were being made to ensure that the guidance reflected the president’s values and the president’s preferences,” he added. Mr. Obama said he would not comment on the North Carolina suit, to avoid intervening in a pending case. But he said that he expected the courts to eventually resolve the issue of how schools should treat transgender students, and that, in the meantime, his administration wanted to respond to inquiries from schools on how to proceed. “We said, ‘It is our view that you should try to treat these kids with dignity,’ ” Mr. Obama said, adding that the administration had sought to help educators and administrators by including a set of “best practices” from school districts that have enacted similar transgender policies. “There are school districts who have been wrestling with this problem and have, we think, done a good job in accommodating them in a way that is good for everybody, and so you can learn from these best practices. This is what we are advising. ” But the directive represents more than just a suggestion. While it does not carry the force of law, it signals how the administration interprets federal statutes, bringing with it an implied threat that schools that act otherwise could lose federal funding. “Ultimately, depending on how these other lawsuits go, courts will affirm or reject how we see the issue,” Mr. Obama said.",0
13059,Troubled Credit Suisse Bank Posts Surprise Profit,"Troubled Credit Suisse Bank Posts Surprise Profit November 04, 2016 Troubled Credit Suisse Bank Posts Surprise Profit 
Credit Suisse reported an unexpected net profit for a second quarter in a row on Thursday though the surprise was largely down to real estate sales and Chief Executive Tidjane Thiam cautioned the outlook remained challenging. Just last week, TRUNEWS reported that Deutsche Bank chief John Cryan shocked the financial sector by posting a quarterly profit after expectations sent economists running for the hills. For the three months to the end of September, the Swiss bank had net profit of 41 million Swiss francs ($42.2 million), well above the average estimate for a 120 million franc loss in a Reuters poll of five analysts. The bank said it had made gains of 346 million francs from the sale of real estate and cut costs during the quarter while setting aside another 357 million francs for legal bills in cases mainly relating to mortgage-backed securities. Thiam's plan for more stable earnings by expanding wealth management and placing less reliance on investment banking had a rocky start in the face of tough markets but it has received support from major investors. 
""Looking ahead, we expect market activity to continue to be influenced by geopolitical and macro-economic uncertainty over the next several quarters and the outlook to remain challenging,"" Thiam said in a statement. 
Credit Suisse shares dropped 4 percent when the market opened following the results and are down 40 percent in 2016, lagging the European banking sector index, which has fallen 20 percent. 
READ MORE: SWISS BANKS BET BIG ON NEGATIVE RATES 
Analysts said, while there had been healthy inflows into the wealth management side of the business, net margins have been declining since the start of the year. 
""Structurally, we remain cautious on the Wealth Management outlook driven by concerns over cost and fee pressures, as well as continued global regularization,"" Deutsche Bank analysts said in a note. 
AHEAD ON COST CUTS 
Thiam joined Zurich-based Credit Suisse in July 2015 and outlined his blueprint in October that year. He warned in September that transaction levels were lower when asked about client activity in the third quarter, though he later said it was still a ""good quarter"" for the bank. 
In March, Credit Suisse took a bigger ax to its investment bank with a further 800 million francs in cost cuts and 2,000 more job cuts. 
Credit Suisse said it expects to approach its cost base target in Global Markets of $5.4 billion by the end of 2016, two years ahead of schedule, and that it will give further updates on cost plans at an investor day on Dec. 7. 
The bank has cut headcount by 5,400 so far this year out of the 6,000 it is aiming for. 
Despite those reductions, headcount across the bank rose quarter-on-quarter to 47,690 from 47,180 but was down 0.8 percent year-on-year. 
For example, 60 employees were added in its Global Markets division and 110 in its investmentbanking and capital markets division during the quarter. 
""The third quarter normally sees a pick up in hiring with the graduate and intern intake,"" CFO David Mathers said. ""It's a seasonal pattern. We're committed to reducing overall headcount, which also includes reducing contractors."" 
Its investment banking divisions, including trading and advisory and underwriting activity, reported net revenues of 2.4 billion Swiss francs, down 6.5 percent from a year earlier. 
Fixed income trading across Global Markets and its APAC (Asia-Pacific) divisions rose 3.7 percent to 902 million francs, failing to benefit as much from a surge in bond trading that saw U.S. banks boost their income by more than half in the quarter. 
Equity sales and trading revenue fell 38 percent to 690 million francs from a year ago, mirroring a broad decline across the industry hit by uncertain and volatile markets that have left investors more averse to risk. 
In underwriting and advisory, the Swiss lender reported a 29 percent jump in revenue to 875 million francs as announced it was advising on a number of multi-billion M&A transactions. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",0
13060,UK Doctors Create List of Procedures You Don’t Need,"UK Doctors Create List of Procedures You Don’t Need They believe many regular treatments are unnecessary Image Credits: DarkoStojanovic/Pixabay . 
Doctors have drawn up a list of dozens of treatments they say are of little or no use. 
It is part of a campaign to cut down on unnecessary procedures with the warning that “more doesn’t always mean better”. 
Tips include using tap water to clean up cuts and grazes is just as good as saline solution and a plaster cast is not always needed for children’s wrist fractures.",0
13061,3 Thugs Try to Rape Grandaughter: Grampa Grabs Shotgun and Blasts Them,"3 Thugs Try to Rape Grandaughter: Grampa Grabs Shotgun and Blasts Them Oct 28, 2016 Previous post 
Another terribly violent crime occurred recently but the ending will leave you happy. Three armed intruders broke into a home and tried to gang rape a 19 year old young woman. But her grandfather came and saved the day. 67 year old Kenneth Byrd shot the armed intruders trying to attack his granddaughter! 
Sadly, he was very seriously injured during the shootout. The armed thugs terrorized him, his wife, and his granddaughter. Byrd got hit with a bullet but fortunately he survived. They all lived in Lumberton. He is now in the hospital recovering. Robeson County Sheriff Kenneth Sealey confirmed the crime took place around 10 p.m. this past Monday. 
Police were called to their home in the 100 block of Yedda Road in east Lumberton when police were called about a reported shooting. When the arrived on the scene they found Byrd had been shot multiple times. Members of the family told police the attack began when one of the suspects knocked on the door asking for water and speaking of car problems. Then, two other men who were wearing black clothing as well as ski masks and gloves came to the house doors and forced their way in demanding a substantial amount of money. 
The suspects were shot when they pushed the older couple to their safe and then tried raping the woman. The man fired gunshots at the intruders and each of them were hit. One was 20 year old Jamie Lee Faison and 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
13062,Christian Bakers Refusing Gay Wedding Cake Appeal Guilty Verdict,"An Oregon couple fined $135, 000 for refusing to make a cake for a lesbian wedding appeared before the Oregon Court of Appeals for the first time on Thursday, in an effort to have the judgment overturned. [In one of the most notorious religious liberty cases in recent years, Aaron and Melissa Klein, owners of Sweet Cakes by Melissa, were found guilty of discrimination in 2013 of for refusing to bake a wedding cake for a   couple because it violated the tenets of their Christian faith.  The court sentenced the Christian couple to a fine of $135, 000 for the “emotional damage” they had allegedly caused the lesbian pair. Rachel   and Laurel   had accused the Kleins of “mental rape,” adding that they had suffered a “loss of appetite” and “impaired digestion” from the ordeal, which remarkably led to simultaneous “weight gain. ” In 2015, Oregon Labor Commissioner Brad Avakian slapped a gag order on the Kleins, following the couple’s interview with Family Research Council’s Tony Perkins. During the interview, Aaron said among other things, “This fight is not over. We will continue to stand strong. ” “The Commissioner of the Bureau of Labor and Industries hereby orders [Aaron and Melissa Klein] to cease and desist from publishing, circulating, issuing or displaying, or causing to be published   …     any communication to the effect that any of the accommodations   …     will be refused, withheld from or denied to, or that any discrimination be made against, any person on account of their sexual orientation,” Avakian wrote. “This effectively strips us of all our First Amendment rights,” wrote the Kleins on their Facebook page. “According to the state of Oregon we neither have freedom of religion or freedom of speech. ” “We lost everything we loved and worked so hard to build,” she said. From the beginning, the Kleins have made it clear that they have never refused service to anyone based on sexual orientation, but their religious convictions did not permit them to participate in a gay wedding, which they believe to be immoral. “When we opened our bakery, we loved serving all customers who came into the shop, regardless of their identity or beliefs. My cakes were my canvas,” Melissa said. “My bakery wasn’t just called ‘Sweet Cakes Bakery,’ it was ‘Sweet Cakes by Melissa’ because I pour my passion and heart into each cake I make. My faith is a part of that. ” Although the Kleins’ situation is bleak, shifting winds in Washington may give cause for a modicum of hope. The Obama administration sent regular signals that religious liberty would be made to bow before lifestyle choices, but the Trump administration seems to be reversing previous White House hostility toward religious faith. In late 2016, the   Chairman of the U. S. Commission on Civil Rights (USCCR) attacked proponents of religious liberty, suggesting that religion is simply a cover for bigotry, prejudice, and discrimination. Martin R. Castro stated that the phrases “religious liberty” and “religious freedom” are nothing more than “code words for discrimination, intolerance, racism, sexism, homophobia, Islamophobia or any form of intolerance. ” According to Tim Schultz, the president of the 1st Amendment Partnership, the Obama administration seemed to view religion as an enemy standing in the way of their policy objectives. “They view religious freedom as a kind of inconvenient speed bump on the way to those objectives in some way,” Schultz said. This has not been the tone taken by the new administration. In his very first executive order after assuming office, President Trump sought to “ease the burden” of Obamacare by granting exemptions wherever possible to those unduly constrained by the law. Trump’s move followed a long and contentious battle between the Obama administration and the Little Sisters of the Poor, who were being coerced into providing services to which they morally objected. This week, dozens of conservatives and   groups signed a letter urging President Trump to sign an executive order to protect the religious liberty of people and organizations that have been harassed by the federal government for expressing their beliefs on traditional marriage, the sanctity of life from birth to natural death, and other moral issues. The Oregon Court of Appeals is expected to issue an opinion on the case of the Christian bakers sometime in the next few months. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
13063,More Trouble at Fox News: Ailes Faces New Sexual Claims and O’Reilly Loses Two Advertisers - The New York Times,"The sexual harassment scandal that engulfed Fox News last year and led to the ouster of its chairman, Roger Ailes, continued to batter the network on Monday, as a new lawsuit described unwanted sexual advances by Mr. Ailes and two major advertisers pulled their spots from the show of its   host, Bill O’Reilly.   and Hyundai said they were withdrawing their ads from Mr. O’Reilly’s   show, “The O’Reilly Factor,” after The New York Times published an investigation this weekend that found five women who made allegations of sexual harassment or inappropriate behavior against him. Those five women received settlements totaling about $13 million, The Times reported. Together, the developments portray a network buffeted by allegations on multiple fronts, even as it draws record ratings with programming supportive of President Trump. Staff members remain anxious, some said on Monday, over questions about its workplace culture and its priorities. If more advertisers abandon Mr. O’Reilly’s show, it will be a blow to Fox News, which provides billions of dollars in revenue each year to its parent company, 21st Century Fox. Mr. O’Reilly has long been the pugnacious face of a   lineup that sets the tone for conservative commentary. His show attracts almost four million viewers a night, and from 2014 through 2016 it generated more than $446 million in advertising revenue, according to the research firm Kantar Media. “Given the importance of women in every aspect of our business, we don’t feel this is a good environment in which to advertise our products right now,” Donna Boland, the manager of corporate communications for   wrote in an email.   has spent an estimated $1. 9 million in ads on “The O’Reilly Factor” in the last year, according to iSpot. tv, the TV ad analytics firm. Hyundai cited “the recent and disturbing allegations” in announcing that it was removing its ads from Mr. O’Reilly’s show. “We had upcoming advertising spots on the show, but are reallocating them,” Hyundai said in an emailed statement. “As a company, we seek to partner with companies and programming that share our values of inclusion and diversity,” the statement said. “We will continue to monitor and evaluate the situation as we plan future advertising decisions. ” Despite Mr. O’Reilly’s history of settlements and the series of allegations against him, the company has extended his contract, which was set to expire this year, according to people familiar with the matter. Mr. O’Reilly makes about $18 million per year. When the company extended the contract, it knew of multiple settlements that had been reached with women who had complained about his behavior. The company says it has discussed the issue with Mr. O’Reilly. It believes his new contract gives it more leverage over him regarding his behavior, according to two people familiar with the matter. Mr. O’Reilly has said that the allegations are without merit. He did not address the controversy on his show Monday night. Earlier on Monday, Julie Roginsky, a current Fox News contributor, filed a lawsuit against Mr. Ailes, Fox News and Bill Shine, the network’s   asserting that she faced retaliation for rebuffing Mr. Ailes’s sexual advances and for refusing to disparage Gretchen Carlson, the former Fox News host who sued Mr. Ailes last summer. And a former regular guest on Mr. O’Reilly’s program, Wendy Walsh, who had recounted her allegations against him to The Times, held a news conference with her lawyer to discuss those claims and to call for an independent inquiry into sexual harassment at the network. Also, the United States attorney’s office in Manhattan is investigating Fox News, including how it structured settlements. On Monday, Fox News moved to contain the fallout from the weekend’s developments, urging its employees in an internal memo to report inappropriate behavior to the human resources department or other network executives. “Particularly in light of some of the accounts published over the last few days, I wanted to   the message we have been conveying at our training sessions for several months,” said Kevin Lord, the network’s new head of human resources, who was hired in the aftermath of the Ailes scandal. Irena Briganti, a Fox News spokeswoman, declined to comment on advertising decisions, Ms. Roginsky’s lawsuit or Ms. Walsh’s news conference. Ms. Walsh, speaking in Los Angeles, repeated the account she provided to The Times. She said that Mr. O’Reilly did not follow through on a verbal offer to make her a contributor to his show after she declined an invitation to go to his hotel suite after a 2013 dinner in Los Angeles that was arranged by his secretary. She has not received a settlement and said she does not want any money. She did not report her complaints to Fox News at the time, she said, because she did not want to jeopardize her career prospects. “Other women who are under gag orders, who cannot talk, they have been silenced,” Ms. Walsh said while seated next to her lawyer, Lisa Bloom. “I had to be the voice for them. ” Ms. Walsh is recounting her experiences publicly despite receiving a warning on Saturday from Mr. O’Reilly’s lawyer, Fredric S. Newman, demanding that she retract the statements she made to The Times. The letter, obtained by The Times, said that her assertions were “patently false and highly defamatory” and said to “cease and desist all defamation of Mr. O’Reilly’s character. ” “Your segment was a failure,” Mr. Newman wrote. “That is established as matter of undisputable fact in the    analysis of your segment, which showed that the segment was unsuccessful. ” Fox News’s troubles continued when Ms. Roginsky filed her suit in New York State Supreme Court. The suit echoes the complaints that other women have made about Mr. Ailes and the culture at the network, where women have said they faced harassment and feared reporting it. Ms. Roginsky’s lawyer is Nancy Erika Smith, the same lawyer who represented Ms. Carlson, who received a $20 million settlement after leaving the network. Ms. Roginsky, who has been a paid contributor on Fox News since 2011, stated in her complaint that Mr. Ailes made sexist comments and unwanted sexual advances toward her during    meetings in his office, including requiring that she “bend down to kiss him hello” when he sat in a low armchair and telling her that they would get into “so much trouble” if he took her “out for a drink. ” Mr. Ailes also would tell her that she should “engage in sexual relationships with ‘older, married, conservative men,’” the suit stated. Ms. Roginsky asserted in the suit that she faced retaliation for refusing Mr. Ailes’s advances. She said that she was denied a permanent position as a host on the program “The Five” and was rarely allowed to host her own segments on the show “Outnumbered,” unlike other panelists. She also stated that she was punished for not joining “Team Roger” when Ms. Carlson filed suit last summer  —   a reference, presumably, to a group of Fox News employees who publicly supported Mr. Ailes. Susan R. Estrich, a lawyer for Mr. Ailes, said that he “vociferously denies” the allegations in Ms. Roginsky’s suit. She called the assertions “hogwash” and said that the suit was a “copycat complaint. ” “Her interactions with Mr. Ailes were not even close to the fictional version she wants people to believe now,” Ms. Estrich said in a statement. The developments raised new questions about the internal investigation at Fox News that was started after allegations about Mr. Ailes first became public. In the suit, Ms. Roginsky also stated that she discussed her complaints in a meeting with Mr. Shine and another top network executive during a meeting in November, months after Mr. Ailes was dismissed in July.",0
13064,Venezuelan President Is Chased by Angry Protesters - The New York Times,"CARACAS, Venezuela  —   President Nicolás Maduro was chased at a routine political event by a crowd of angry protesters banging on pots and yelling that they were hungry, just days after thousands of Venezuelans took to the streets to call for his ouster, local news media reported on Saturday. Scenes from the confrontation late Friday, which also appeared in videos uploaded to social media, captured the attention of Venezuelans, many of whom blame the unpopular president for the country’s food shortages. In one video, Mr. Maduro tries to calm the   by walking among them, only to be surrounded as the furious crowd yells obscenities. “What is this?” an astounded voice behind the camera asks in one of the video clips. Mr. Maduro had traveled from the capital, Caracas, to Margarita Island off Venezuela’s northern coast to inaugurate a number of new public housing units and give a televised address. During the speech, he denounced his opponents’ calls for his removal from office, calling them “vampires” and saying they were preparing for violence. Foro Penal, a Venezuelan human rights group, said that 20 people had been arrested after the protest in the town of Villa Rosa on Margarita Island. Among those detained was Braulio Jatar, the director of a local news Web site called Reporte Confidencial, said the site, which had reported on protest against the president. Mr. Maduro’s office made no statement about the incident or the arrests. Venezuelan politicians wasted little time on Saturday in using the confrontation to advance their agendas. “The people of Villa Rosa in Margarita have no fear,” wrote Henrique Capriles, an opposition governor who lost to Mr. Maduro in the presidential election in 2013. “Through banging pots, Maduro was run out of town. ” Pedro Carvajalino, a   television anchorman, said the protesters had been sent by Mr. Capriles and other members of the opposition. “It was a lack of respect to presidential dignity,” Mr. Carvajalino said. On Thursday, Mr. Maduro’s political opponents organized a mass protest in the capital, a gathering they called “the taking of Caracas. ” It was the largest protest this year as many thousands descended on the capital from around the country, chanting, singing and venting frustration with the country’s chronic shortages, most critically of food. The organizers are trying to use rising anger against the president to propel an effort to recall him from office by means of a popular referendum. If the referendum happens this year and Mr. Maduro loses, Venezuelans will have the opportunity to elect a new president. But the government, which is responsible for organizing such a vote, wishes to hold it next year. If Mr. Maduro loses in 2017, the leftist vice president will serve what is left of his   term. Polls show that Mr. Maduro would be likely to lose a referendum. The confrontation in Villa Rosa suggests that the tide may have turned in an area that once supported the president. It voted for Mr. Maduro and his predecessor and mentor, Hugo Chávez, in previous elections by significant margins.",0
13065,"Australian Gov’t Adopts ’Extreme Vetting’ for Islamic Migrants, Reforms Foreign Worker Visas - Breitbart","The Australian government has taken the lead from President Donald Trump in the race to improve vetting of immigrants who may hold hostile Islamic attitudes, and to reform     programs like the     outsourcing visa. [“We’re defined by a commitment to common values, political values, the rule of law, democracy, freedom, mutual respect, equality for men and women,” Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull told the media on Thursday, where he described the reformed vetting process:  our citizenship process should reflect that. So today we are announcing changes to strengthen citizenship, to make for a stronger Australia, stronger citizenship, stronger citizen   …      before you apply to be a citizen. You will need to have competent English. That is a vital requirement   …     also, we need to ensure that our citizenship test enables applicants to demonstrate how they have integrated into and engaged with our Australian community, so that they’re part of the community. They’ve lived here as a permanent resident for four years, they speak English, share our values, be integrated. Those are critically important elements. I believe that they will be empowering for applicants. This will be good for the applicants, good for the nation, underlining our Australian values at the very heart of Australian citizenship, Australian citizenship is the foundation of our democracy  …     these political values are what bind us together. That’s what keeps us together in the midst of our diversity. The new Australian push is a   from 2016, when Trump championed immigration reform in the United States, while Turnbull sought to stabilize his government after he staged an internal party vote in September 2015 to take the Prime Minister’s job from his own party’s leader, Tony Abbott, an immigration hawk who entirely blocked and stopped a seaborne wave of immigrants from reaching Australia. To some extent, Turnbull’s flip towards   position is designed to help his   wing of the party from Abbot’s   wing of the party, and from the growing support being given to Pauline Hanson‘s nationalist One Nation Party, which is skeptical about Islam’s ability to integrate into Australian society. In 2016 and before, Turnbull repeatedly endorsed immigration, invited additional refugees, and told the parliament in October 2016 that “everyone sitting in this chamber and every Australian is a beneficiary of the diversity that is at the heart of our nation   …     the most effective weapon against the [Muslim] terrorists is an inclusive nation. ” Amid rising violence and welfare use among immigrant Muslims, a September 2016 poll showed that half of all Australians want to block Muslim immigration, which is strongly supported by business groups which profit from the inflow of extra consumers and   workers. Turnbull’s minister for Immigration and Border Protection, Peter Dutton, told reporters at the press conference that   immigrants will have to take an upgraded written test: There will be further tests, further questions placed in the test as it currently operates, and there will be the opportunity for people to comment on some of these changes over the course of the next, over the course of the period between now and 1 June. So we will consult around the questions around the values issues and we can provide further detail. There is also change to be made to the pledge and, again, we’ll consult on that particular issue as well. So I’ll leave it there. For example, domestic violence, a perpetrator of domestic violence. My view is that that person shouldn’t become an Australian citizen. And we can ask that question but we can also undertake our own checks in relation to police checks or whatever the case might be. So that’s how you can adopt, apply the test. On the 2016 campaign trail, and in his Executive Orders since his inauguration, President Donald Trump has called for a new process of “extreme vetting”   refugees and legal immigrants  —   especially Muslim immigrants  —   into the United States. For example, his January 27 Executive Order on immigration declared that his policy would be to exclude people with “Hostile attitudes”: In order to protect Americans, the United States must ensure that those admitted to this country do not bear hostile attitudes toward it and its founding principles. The United States cannot, and should not, admit those who do not support the Constitution, or those who would place violent ideologies over American law. In addition, the United States should not admit those who engage in acts of bigotry or hatred (including “honor” killings, other forms of violence against women, or the persecution of those who practice religions different from their own) or those who would oppress Americans of any race, gender, or sexual orientation. The alliance of   judges, progressives, and Islamic political groups are fiercely opposing any new tests, even though the existing immigration and citizenship process already includes questions and tests designed to exclude people who were terrorists or members of the Nazi or Soviet communist parties. The current immigration document also includes a requirement stemming from the 1775 war of independence which requires immigrant aristocrats to formal give up their noble titles before becoming citizens. If U. S. immigrants lie in their documents, they can be stripped of their citizenship and repatriated. For example, U. S. officials have deported several immigrants who lied about their work for Adolf Hitler’s National Socialist party in World War II. U. S. officials have not said anything about the plans for upgrading the immigration tests and vetting, partly because Trump has not yet been able to get many of his   nominees confirmed by the Senate. But Homeland Security John Kelly may be a strong backer of an upgraded test, and told a D. C. audience on Tuesday that “we have a sacred duty and that is the continuation of the United States as we know it: To protect our way of life and the exceptional people we are. ” Australia’s reform government has an easier task than Trump, who must overcome roadblocks built by progressive judges, media and Democratic legislator and Democratic legislatures in a   federal government for 330 million people. In contrast, Australia’s parliamentary system allows a majority government to easily pass its agenda for the nation of 25 million people. Throughout the April 19 Australian press conference, the journalists and politicians tacitly recognized the problems created by the immigration of Islamic adherents who bring their peculiar institutions and values which endorse domestic violence against women, child marriage, ‘Female Genital Mutilation,’ and reject the authority of what Australians describe as “secular law. ” For example, one reporter cited several of Islam’s peculiar practices before asking “Prime Minister, I’m not clear why practices such as female genital mutilation, forcing children to marry and what have you, how they’re being or could be included in values questions when they’re already illegal under Australian law.  What’s the need for a values question when it’s illegal under Australians law, Australian law? that “these values [in the test] aren’t really enforceable outside of the law. If someone passes a test and says, “Tick, yes I don’t beat my wife. Tick, I know who [cricket player] Another journalist scoffed at the test, saying “these values [in the test] aren’t really enforceable outside of the law. If someone passes a test and says, “Tick, yes I don’t beat my wife. Tick, I know who [cricket player] Don Bradman is. I’m an Australian citizen” And then they don’t express Australian values, what happens?” Turnbull pushed back, saying: But the point is, what [the current written test] doesn’t go to or doesn’t go to sufficiently are those questions of values and at the heart, at the very heart of our success is mutual respect respect for each other, respect for people of different faiths and different cultures and respect of women and children. That is, you know as I’ve, you’ve often heard me say this. You know, not all disrespecting women, disrespecting women ends up in violence against women but that’s where all violence against women begins. So this is a very important, very important Australian values respect, mutual respect, respect for women and children and that is going to be, that is a key Australian value, who would argue with that?  Is it reflected in our current process? No it’s not, it should be.  On April 17, Turnbull announced his party would reform the “457” visa program, which allowed Australian companies to bring in foreign workers for skilled and unskilled jobs throughout Australia. The 457 visa will be replaced by a narrower visa program that will only be used to bring in workers who cannot be found in Australia and who can integrate Australian society, he said. That push is also similar to Trump’s effort to revamp the unpopular     outsourcing program. Echoing Trump’s “Buy American, Hire American” theme, Turnbull said that the goal os his reform is “Australian jobs for Australians first   …     this is all about Australians’ interst, this is about jobs for Australians. ” The new program will have a “  focus on Australia’s interests,” he said.  “We’re putting Australians first   …     Australian workers must have priority for Australian jobs,” he said.    This article has been updated with additional information about Australia’s rising support for nationalist policies.  Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart. com,  ",0
13066,"Go Ahead, Sue the Government","Trump’s Gettysburg Address against the New World Order ‹ › Professor and Attorney Rahul Manchanda worked for one of the largest law firms in Manhattan where he focused on asbestos litigation. At the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (“UNCITRAL”) in Vienna, Austria, Mr. Manchanda was exposed to international trade law, arbitration, alternative dispute resolution, and comparisons of the American common law with European civil law. He later worked for one of the largest multi-national law firms in Paris France, Coudert Frères, where he focused primarily on international arbitration, arbitration agreements, the enforcement of foreign arbitration awards against multinational parent corporations, piercing the corporate veil, arbitration venue choice, and foreign policy. In Paris, Mr. Manchanda analyzed and compared the American legal system with its British, French, Russian, German, and Chinese counterparts. Mr. Manchanda also has extensive technical experience in Federal Patent Prosecution and Intellectual Property issues working for Milde Hoffberg & Macklin LLP and Moses & Singer LLP, and has contributed to the issuing of patents in the areas of biotechnology, organic chemistry, biopharmaceuticals, electrical and mechanical engineering, computer software and technology, and internet business methods. He was recently the Keynote Address Speaker for Hamline University School of International Law on the 60th Anniversary of the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights, as well as a Chief Speaker for the Civil Rights Litigation Update Seminar on Balancing Inalienable Civil Rights and National Security in the Post-911 Era. Professor Manchanda is also a Faculty Member for LawLine.com, an online Continuing Legal Education (“CLE”) program designed to educate Attorneys all across the country on cutting edge issues of Immigration Law and Deportation and Removal Defense Litigation as well as a second CLE on the Foundations of International Law, as well as 5 different Immigration Law/Deportation Defense Seminars for Rossdale CLE. Click here to watch a portion of his 2 hour lecture on Immigration and Deportation and Removal Defense Litigation or The Foundations of International Law. You can also watch some of his many appearances on FoxNews, CNN, CourtTV, NBC, and other major media networks on some of the most notable cases in global history, here. He has also given multiple lectures as one of the first pioneering immigration law practitioners who merged Criminal Defense Law and Immigration/Deportation Defense Law in such lectures with other immigration law luminaries in LexisNexis Presents a Complimentary Webinar: Criminal Law and Immigration Intersection 101 and Immigration Reform and the Workplace: An Overview of Legal and Legislative Developments. At Boston University, Mr. Manchanda received a Bachelors degree in Biology, where he distinguished himself in the chemical and biological sciences, doing extensive research in organic chemistry, in both field and laboratory work relating to organic synthesis and isolation, Nuclear Magnetic Resonance, structure determination, and production of synthetic bio-active natural products. At BU, Mr. Manchanda also was on the BU Shotokan Karate Team as well as a Lead Tenor with the Marsh Chapel Choir, also finding time to be a Teaching Fellow in Molecular Cell Biology, Organic Chemistry, and a private tutor in Calculus based Physics and Organic Chemistry. He also attended Yale University where he studied Molecular Cell and Evolutionary Biology. He served on the Pace University School of Law’s Mentor Program where he received his Juris Doctor degree. Attorney Manchanda graduated from the Wooster Prep School in Danbury Connecticut where he was a Varsity Letterman in Soccer, Wrestling, Tennis, and Lacrosse, as well as Lead in the Drama Program. For more than 14 years, his internationally recognized law firm has a formidable presence in Federal and State Criminal, Civil, International, and Immigration Courts throughout the United States pertaining to Master, Individual, and Final Hearings, Naturalization Interviews, Writs of Habeas Corpus, Writs of Corum Nobis, Marriage Cases, U.S. Embassy and Consular Processing, American Citizen Services, United Nations Commission on Human Rights, Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Department of State liaison, 440 Motions to Vacate, Amend, or Expunge Criminal Convictions, Aggravated Felonies, Drug Smuggling Cases, Stokes Hearings, Political Asylum, Taxation, Hardship, Removal of Condition Hearings, National Security, and Adjustment of Status Interviews. He served as an American Immigration Lawyer Association (“AILA“) Committee Member for the Congressional/Advocacy Committee, the Department of Labor (“DOL“) Committee, and the Executive Office for Immigration Review (“EOIR“)/District Counsel/Political Asylum Committee. Attorney Manchanda also proudly served on the New York State Bar Association Empire State Counsel Program, which is a small group of Attorneys who serve the poor without charge, helping people who otherwise could not afford legal counsel to achieve justice. Attorney Manchanda also proudly serves as a Member of the American Bar Association Advisory Panel, a group of Attorneys that informs the ABA’s priorities and decisions by providing opinions about the direction of the ABA and issues facing the profession. Attorney Rahul Manchanda of Manchanda Law Office PLLC has also traveled extensively throughout the world where he has fought for peace and mutual understanding by and between the United States and different countries overseas. His work, observations, and travels have been published and been received to make foreign policy decisions by the International Atomic Energy Agency (“IAEA”), the US RAHUL MANCHANDA IN TEHRAN IRANCongress, US Senate, US Executive Branch, as well as countless other think-tanks, foreign and domestic governmental agencies, NGOs, foreign and domestic policy institutions, such as can be found here. Attorney Rahul Manchanda’s ceaseless and tireless work advocating peace, universal human and civil rights, and the avoidance of war and conflict has truly transformed the world, perhaps even helping to stop World War 3, for which he has been viciously attacked online and personally by warmongers, enemies of global peace, and religious extremists. In addition to Mr. Manchanda’s extensive international litigation practice in Federal and State Criminal Defense Law, Immigration Law, Deportation and Removal Defense Litigation, Family Law, International Law, and Civil Litigation, he has advised on, been consulted on, prepared, and filed tens of thousands of Arraignments, Trials, Hearings, Non-Immigrant and Immigrant Visa Petitions including, but not limited to: H-1B1, B, C, D, E, L, O, P, H-3, J, K, M, R, S, T, and U Visas, as well as I-130 and I-140 Immigrant Petitions with accompanying Adjustment of Status (I-485), Extraordinary Ability Petitions, EB-1, EB-2, EB-3, EB-5, Investment Based Visas, PERM, RIR, and Regular Labor Certification Applications with the Department of Labor, Political Asylum, Marriage Cases, Stokes Interviews, Naturalization/Citizenship, Agricultural, 245(I), CSS/Lulac/Zambrano, LIFE Act, Removal of Conditions, Criminal and Overstay Waivers, and Aggravated Felony and CMT Defense. Attorney Manchanda has succeeded for his Clients in Deportation and Removal Proceedings, Asylum, Employment Based Visa Petitions including PERM/Labor Certification, Business Immigration Visas, and Family Based Immigration Petitions, for tens of thousands of people, for more than 14 years. He taught Immigration Law at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice for the City University of New York located in Manhattan New York. He has also successfully advised on and appeared in Criminal Court throughout New York for many different types of State and Federal Criminal Defense Matters. He was sworn in and admitted to practice in the highest courts in New York State as well as in the Federal United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, the Federal United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, the Federal United States District Court for the Northern District of New York, the United States District Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, the United States District Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit, and the United States District Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. He has been an active member of the American Bar Association, the New York State Bar Association, the New York County Lawyers Association, the American Immigration Lawyers Association, the Association of the Bar of the City of New York, Phi Alpha Delta International, the Global Interdependence Center (“GIC”), the Association of Trial Lawyers of America, Network 20/20, and the Asia Society. He regularly participated in conferences with the House of Representatives, the U.S. Senate, Capitol Hill, the Center For Strategic and International Studies (“CSIS”), and the Council on Foreign Relations (“CFR”) in Washington, D.C. pertaining to counter-terrorism and foreign policy in South Asia, as well as completing counter-terrorism training with Security Solutions International (“SSI”). He served on a New York Committee on State Regulation of Immigration Law in front of the New York State Senate. He served on the Board of Directors and Sponsor of the US-India Institute (“USINI”), a non-partisan foreign policy advisory board and think tank located in Washington, D.C. focusing on critical geo-strategic issues of national security, defense and economic relations between the U.S. and India, informing and educating key policy makers in the U.S. and India on issues of common interest, and advocating the importance of achieving and maintaining peace through Rahul Manchanda Attorneystrength and economic freedom. He served as the U.S.-India Political Action Committee (“USINPAC“) Co-Chairman for New York where he impacted U.S. Foreign Policy on issues of concern to the Indian American community in the United States, providing bipartisan support to candidates for Federal, State and Local office who supported the issues that were important to the Indian American community, including research, support, and advocacy towards the successful passage of the United States-India Nuclear Cooperation Approval and Non-Proliferation Enhancement Act, signed into law on October 8, 2008 after more than three years of contentious bi-partisan and bi-lateral negotiations. Recently Attorney Manchanda was awarded the prestigious Hind Rattan Award for his outstanding services, achievements, and contributions in his field for “keeping the flag of India high” as an NRI/PIO by the NRI Welfare Society of India, an award bestowed on only 30 “eminent” NRIs/PIOs around the globe every year, and for making contributions in strengthening India’s economy. Attorney Manchanda was also Knighted by the Sovereign Order of the Knights of Justice of London England, given the appellation and nobility of Sir Rahul Manchanda. Attorney Manchanda also served on the Paris Conference Presidential Desk of the European Association of Lawyers (“AEA“), a highly selective network of international law firms with a presence in most of the world’s countries. He is also a member of the Indian American Lawyers Association of Manhattan New York as well as the Manhattan Committee on Foreign Relations, which is a private organization that promotes foreign policy and international affairs dialogue between policy makers, researchers, and other high level analysts and the Committee’s membership. Attorney Manchanda is also on the Advisory Council for the Republican National Lawyers Association. Attorney Rahul Manchanda is also a Member of the Queens District Attorney’s Office Defense Attorney Database for new cases assigned to Assistant District Attorneys and a Member of the Greater New York Chamber of Commerce. Additionally Rahul Manchanda is the founder of the India Anti-Defamation Committee Ltd which is a premier civil rights organization dedicated to fighting and eradicating racism, discrimination, and hatred directed towards people from the Indian subcontinent. Rahul Manchanda is also a Freemason. Mr. Manchanda has appeared as International Law Expert regularly on major media television program channels such as Fox News, CNN, Court TV, and NBC on such television programs as Dayside, Studio B with Shephard Smith, Fox and Friends, Heartland with John Kasich, Live from CNN with Kyra Phillips, the Live Desk with Martha McCallum, Anderson Cooper 360°, the O’Reilly Factor, Nancy Grace, Banfield & Ford Courtside, Best Defense with Jami Floyd, Justice with Jeanine Pirro, and the Catherine Crier Show on the most publicized and globally newsworthy of international legal issues and cases. You can watch many of these appearances here. He is also featured in Newsweek Magazine‘s Top Attorneys in the United States of America in 2013, and Top Immigration Lawyers in the United States of America in 2012 Showcases. His in depth expertise in International Affairs, State and Federal Criminal Defense Litigation, Consular Processing Issues, Immigration Law, Foreign Affairs, Customs Law, and High-Level Scientific Training has enabled Attorney Manchanda to secure solutions for his Clients in a quick, efficient, and accurate manner for more than 13 years. Mr. Manchanda is fluent in French, English, Hindi, Urdu, and Punjabi. He has also studied Russian, Latin, and Hebrew. His hobbies include Politics, International Affairs, and Soccer. In his spare time, he enjoys Chess and Classical Music.",0
13067,Bill Weld is Hillary Clinton’s Libertarian Party Surrogate,"Written by Adam Dick   It is common in presidential campaigns for surrogates to speak at events or take part in media interviews where they vouch for a presidential candidate. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has many such surrogates, including her former presidential primary opponent Bernie Sanders, her husband and former United State President Bill Clinton, and First Lady Michelle Obama. Hillary Clinton’s campaign, as is typical of presidential campaigns, also uses Clinton’s vice presidential running mate Tim Kaine as a surrogate. What is unusual is that Bill Weld, the vice presidential nominee of the Libertarian Party, has also joined the ranks of Clinton surrogates. Weld, interviewed Tuesday at MSNBC by Rachel Maddow, said that he was on her show “to vouch for Hillary Clinton.” And vouch for Clinton he did throughout the interview. Asked by Maddow if people should vote for the Libertarian presidential ticket in states where there appears to be a close race between Clinton and Republican nominee Donald Trump, Weld answered that Weld fears “for the country” if Trump is elected, that Trump is “stirring up envy and resentment and even hatred,” and that Trump threatens US foreign policy and the nation’s “position in the world at large.” Weld did not say “vote for Clinton,” but it is easy for viewers of the interview to fill in those blanks. Not satisfied with Weld’s implicit call for voters to support Clinton, Maddow pushed for more explicit direction from Weld. And Weld obliged. Asked why a person would vote for the Libertarian ticket headed by presidential nominee Gary Johnson in a state with a close Clinton versus Trump race, Weld answered that he has “a lot to say” about Clinton to such voters who choose not to vote Libertarian. Weld proceeded praising Clinton who he says he has known for 40 years and has worked with professionally. “I know her well personally; I know her to be a person of high moral character, a reliable person, and an honest person, however so much Mr. Trump may rant and rave to the contrary,” Weld continued. In contrast, Weld, in the interview, argued that Trump behaves like a bully and cannot “competently manage the office of the presidency.” Narrowing in more on Weld’s vote recommendation, Maddow proceeded to ask Weld the following question: “Do you honestly believe that Gary Johnson would be a better president than Hillary Clinton?” Breaking from expectations based on the history of American vice presidential nominees, Weld did not say that the head of his presidential ticket would be the best choice for president and then launch into a list of reasons. Instead, Weld gave lukewarm praise for Johnson while sidestepping the direct question. “I think he’d be capable of being a good chief executive and, yes, a commander-in-chief” said Weld regarding Johnson. Weld then returned in his answer to his focus on how Clinton is a much better choice for voters than is Trump, asserting that a President Trump would bring “chaos to the country” while a President Clinton would bring a “very businesslike and capable and competent approach to our affairs.” Included in Weld’s defense of Clinton is his declaration during the interview that people should “just ignore,” because “there is nothing there,” the Friday disclosure by Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director James B. Comey that the FBI has reopened its investigation of Clinton for mishandling classified information. Maddow then questioned Weld regarding whether his opinion on the matter conflicts with a press release in which Johnson starts off saying, as quoted by Maddow, “The newest revelations about Hillary Clinton demonstrate why America should be scared of both Clinton and Trump.” Asked by Maddow if Weld agrees with the press release , Weld confirmed that he does not. Weld then immediately proceeded in his answer to list “a number of substantive issues” on which he disagrees with Johnson — something Weld did not do in regard to Clinton. Weld’s divergence from the expected message of a Libertarian Party vice presidential nominee should not be too surprising. On May 19, the day after Johnson declared his preference that the Libertarian National Convention delegates choose Weld for the vice presidential slot, Jesse Walker, writing at Reason, pointed to Weld’s “anti-libertarian positions” on both domestic and foreign issues before concluding “if I wanted to elect an Iraq hawk for gun control, I could vote for Hillary Clinton.” Several months later Weld has come out in the open to effectively answer Walker with a resounding “Hear, hear!” Since his nomination at the Libertarian National Convention, Weld has continued to endorse positions contrary to the Libertarian Party platform and libertarian ideas. These positions include outlawing people listed on the US government’s so-called terror watch lists from buying guns and nominating far-from-libertarian individuals to the US Supreme Court. Weld has also been busy promoting Clinton during his time as the Libertarian vice presidential nominee, though maybe never before so brazenly as in his interview this week with Maddow. In September, for example, Weld declared in an MSNBC interview that he thinks “very highly” of Clinton and that he is “not sure anybody’s more qualified than Hillary Clinton to be president of the United States.” Then, last week, Weld issued a statement , directed to people who are undecided between voting for Clinton or Trump, that goes on and on about how terrible Trump is but neglects to suggest voting for the Libertarian ticket. Weld appears to have been in the tank for Clinton for quite a while. A curious observer would have to wonder if Weld has supported Clinton’s election since before his nomination at the Libertarian National Convention. With so many Republican establishment individuals opposing Trump and even jumping to support Clinton, it is not far-fetched to think an effort would be made to put a Clinton supporter on the Libertarian presidential ticket. Indeed, David French, who Bill Kristol was once promoting as a potential independent presidential candidate to foil Trump, wrote a National Review article expressing his desire that the Libertarian National Convention delegates nominate a presidential candidate that anti-Trump Republicans could support. French suggested that Johnson may be alright in the top spot on the ticket, though French also expressed some reservations. Weld might very much satisfy many such “Never Trumpers” by using his platform as the vice presidential nominee to encourage people to vote for Clinton. Watch Weld’s interview with Maddow, in three segments, here: Copyright © 2016 by RonPaul Institute. Permission to reprint in whole or in part is gladly granted, provided full credit and a live link are given.",0
13068,Celebrity Megaphone Fails to Lure Ordinary Users to Twitter - Breitbart,NEW YORK (AP)  —   Many people have heard of Twitter. Not enough of them are signing up to use it. [advertisement,0
13069,It’s ON! Between Duterte and America,"Email 
I’ve written a couple pieces of the smoking hot issue in Pivotland, Philippine president Duterte’s swerve toward a pro-PRC foreign policy, and what the U.S. and pro-American sector of the Manila elite are going to do about it. 
The first piece, Reports of death of US-Philippine alliance may be exaggerated, addresses the fact that Duterte’s freedom of movement is constrained by the need to keep the Philippine military happy, and notes that ex-prez and retired general Fidel Ramos, who facilitated Duterte’s entrance on the national political stage, is signaling dissatisfaction with Duterte. 
The second piece, Duterte Plays the ‘Mamasapano’ Card, covers a Duterte counter-attack: a threat to relitigate the death of 44 Philippine National Police commandos at Mamasapano in Mindanao, a 2014 special ops fiasco conducted under the aegis of the United States which a) exposes ex-president Aquino to serious legal jeopardy b) posits that the US alliance is doing a better job of killing Filipinos than the PRC can ever hope to do. 
The US seems to be embedded in a colonial mindset when it comes to the Philippines, something along the lines of “we’ve been selflessly looking after the Philippines for a century, and that thug Duterte won’t be allowed to screw that up during his brief (maybe curtailed) presidency.” 
It takes a pretty superficial view of Philippine history, one that accepts the US self-definition as the Philippines’ security savior while ignoring the distortions and shortcomings of the colonial and neo-colonial relationship. 
For me this tunnel vision was typified by the US media crowing over the formal delivery of a refurbished C-130 transport to the Philippine government by outgoing ambo Philip Goldberg. Message: here’s the US making provisions for Philippine defense at the same time Duterte’s selling out the country to China. 
To me, the inadvertent message was 1) here’s the US blindly stroking the pivot fetish while Duterte tries to solve the Mindanao insurgency that has cost at least 400,000 lives over the last century, win his drug war, and find a place for the Philippines in Asia that doesn’t give primacy to the US preoccupation confronting the PRC and 2) the U.S., in my opinion, pretty much has a policy of keeping the Philippines flat on its behind as an independent military force by trickling out second-hand gear to the Philippine military while the sweet stuff is dangled in front of it during US joint military maneuvers and port calls. 
But the United States is trying to find political leverage wherever it can and the Western media will, I’m sure, put its shoulder to the wheel to help out. 
Philip Goldberg sat down for a 45-minute exit interview with Rappler. As befitting Rappler’s origins in the Soros/Omidyar network of pro-US globalization advocacy, the interview was a stream of softballs about what to do about Duterte’s disregard of the awesomeness of the American relationship, an awesomeness that is acknowledged by virtually all Filipinos who inexplicably (and, if the US has anything to do about it, temporarily) at the same time give Duterte approval ratings of over 80%. 
It’s worth watching if you have the patience. Goldberg is a smooth cat, and the Rappler tonguebath gives you no inkling of the fact that he intimately familiar with the wet work of end-arounding national governments to cultivate secessionist movements, you know, like what he did in Bolivia (declared persona non grata as a result) and Kosovo, and like that thing in Duterte’s home province of Mindanao, which in my opinion probably the main reason why Duterte wanted him out of the Philippines. 
Goldberg also discretely plays the economic threat card, concern-trolling that anti-US attitudes will dismay “foreign investors”. 
It will be interesting to see how this plays out in subsequent weeks. As far as I can tell, the biggest U.S. factor in the domestic Philippine economy is the call-center industry. I doubt US corporations are interested in actually pulling their operations out and subjecting them to the English-language mercies of India, but certainly a call from the State Department or White House would convince them of the wisdom of at least making the threat. 
And I also wonder if expected President Hillary Clinton will find it necessary to drop the hammer on Duterte, in order to demonstrate to a rather dubious Asia that there is no alternative to loyalty to the pivot. 
I expect the next few months, in other words, to be very interesting.",0
13070,Goldman Sachs to Extend Its Reach in Trump Administration - The New York Times,"Goldman Sachs’s outsize influence in Washington is about to get larger. The longtime    at Goldman Sachs, Gary D. Cohn, is expected to be named director of the National Economic Council, which oversees economic policy in the White House. Coming fast on the heels of the nomination of Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman partner, as Treasury secretary, it will mean that economic policy under the   Donald J. Trump, will be shaped chiefly by veterans of the Wall Street firm. The position that Mr. Cohn is expected to take up is one that has long been identified with Goldman and its influence in the capital. The role was established by President Bill Clinton and given to Goldman’s   at the time, Robert E. Rubin. Mr. Rubin’s   Stephen Friedman, later held the position under President George W. Bush. This time, however, the selection of a Goldman insider is at odds with statements made by Mr. Trump during the presidential campaign. He repeatedly attacked the financial elite  —   and Goldman Sachs in particular. In a commercial that ran in the closing days of the campaign, Mr. Trump warned about “a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class, stripped our country of its wealth and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations and political entities. ” The face of Goldman’s chief executive, Lloyd C. Blankfein  —   Mr. Cohn’s longtime friend and collaborator  —   was among the images that flashed ominously on the screen. And Mr. Trump criticized both Hillary Clinton and a primary opponent, Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, over their ties to the investment bank. “I know the guys at Goldman Sachs,” Mr. Trump said at one primary debate. “They have total, total control” over Mr. Cruz, he said. “Just like they have total control over Hillary Clinton. ” Since his election, however, Mr. Trump has stocked his future cabinet with a number of Goldman alumni, including Mr. Mnuchin, a hedge fund manager and a former Goldman trader, and Stephen K. Bannon, a former Goldman banker who is now Mr. Trump’s chief strategist. Unlike those two, Mr. Cohn is a longtime top Goldman executive who was helping to guide the firm before and during the financial crisis. In Mr. Cohn, Mr. Trump is not only turning to yet another Goldman hand  —   and a registered Democrat  —   but he is also choosing a financier whose thinking about the economy has stood in contrast to the  ’s more nationalistic views. At a conference in Florida  soon after the election, Mr. Cohn said the big problem facing the country and the world was a “global growth issue. ” “We’re trying to solve it with domestic policy,” he said. “It’s not going to work. ” While Mr. Trump has criticized companies that have moved their work force overseas, Mr. Cohn has been candid about Goldman’s international outlook: “We have a globalized work force, so when I need to go out and hire the incremental worker, I go out and look around the world and see where that incremental worker is available. ” Mr. Cohn, though, has agreed with Mr. Trump about the need to lighten the regulations that have been imposed on banks like Goldman since the financial crisis. In another interview at the conference, with CNBC, Mr. Cohn said he was “cautiously optimistic” about a Trump administration. “We’re all giving   Trump and his transition team the benefit of the doubt,” Mr. Cohn said. “We’re all waiting to see what happens. ” Mr. Cohn, 56, rose through the ranks of Goldman as a trader and is known for his gruff,   demeanor, which could help explain his rapport with the   Mr. Trump. In recent years, Mr. Cohn has been in line to take over the firm from Mr. Blankfein, and his departure will open the door to a new crop of candidates looking to lead the firm. While he has been registered as a Democrat, Mr. Cohn has donated to both political parties. He has given tens of thousands of dollars to Democrats and Democratic campaign committees. Yet more important, he has become friends with Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s    and close adviser. The decision follows an extended courtship in which the Goldman executive visited with Mr. Trump three times, most recently on Thursday. Leaving Wall Street to take a top government post could provide a huge financial gain for Mr. Cohn. He would probably have to sell his Goldman holdings to avoid conflicts of interest with his new role, which would normally generate a big tax bill immediately. But tax regulations allow executive branch appointees to roll the proceeds of such a sale into Treasury securities and defer capital gains taxes. Mr. Cohn owned 872, 712 shares in Goldman as of Nov. 14, according to Standard  Poor’s Global Market Intelligence. As of Friday afternoon’s stock price, that stake was worth about $209 million. Goldman Sachs has already been a beneficiary of the coming Trump administration. Mr. Trump has promised to push back on financial regulations passed since the financial crisis, which have come down particularly hard on Goldman. Since the election, shares of banks and other financial institutions have risen sharply Goldman’s is up 34 percent. On Friday, Goldman’s shares edged up slightly. Mr. Cohn grew up in the suburbs of Cleveland, the son of a real estate developer and electrical contractor. He later attended Gilmour Academy, a private school in the area, and then American University, though he has often spoken of his struggles with dyslexia. After a brief stint at U. S. Steel in his home state  —   to appease his father, Mr. Cohn said in a speech  —   he turned to the New York Mercantile Exchange in 1983, where he eventually turned to trading silver. He was recruited to Goldman seven years later and became a   star at the investment bank, following the ascent of his friend Mr. Blankfein. In 1994, Mr. Cohn joined the vaunted partnership at Goldman, in a class that included a number of financial luminaries: Eric M. Mindich, now a hedge fund mogul J. Michael Evans, formerly a top Goldman executive in China who is now at the Alibaba Group and Mr. Mnuchin himself. By 2006, Mr. Cohn had become   and   operating officer of the firm when Mr. Blankfein took the helm as chief executive. He took sole ownership of the No. 2 spot in 2009 and solidified his role as the heir apparent. Over his career, the    Mr. Cohn has been known for a brusque and intimidating presence, reportedly looming over traders at their desks. But he has softened that approach over the years as he became more of a financial diplomat, flying to Washington, the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, and other centers of power.",0
13071,Christians Targeted by Islamic State Flee Egypt’s Sinai Villages,"Reuters provides a sobering account of the danger facing Egyptian Christians, beginning with the plight of civil servant Adel Munir, who found himself Number Two on a list of Christians marked for death by the Islamic State.  Said Sameh Adel Fawzy wasn’t taking any chances and fled the Sinai after ISIS fighters barged into his uncle’s home and shot him and his son dead. “Last Thursday, my cousin went to open the door after he heard someone knocking,” Fawzy recalled. “He found masked terrorists with a pistol who took him inside and shot him in the head. ” “When my aunt heard the sound of his body falling on the floor she came from her room and yelled: ‘What did you do to my son? ’” he continued. “They took her out to the street barefooted and in her pajamas, then went back for her husband and killed him. ” Even worse, some of the families who spoke to Reuters said Muslim neighbors who were not linked to the Islamic State have been emboldened by ISIS rhetoric to attack them and even seize their property after they flee to escape ISIS. The L. A. Times quotes other Christian refugees who thanked Muslim neighbors for hiding them from terrorist attackers and helping them find shelter. “What we are seeing here is new. There has always been violence against Christians but it was usually for a ‘reason’ like land disputes. Now Christians are killed just for being Christians,” said researcher Ishak Ibrahim of the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights. “Militants are sending the government a message saying they can change part of the country’s demographics. This is a dangerous precedent. ” What Ibrahim means is that ISIS is slaughtering Christians  —   literally going    and murdering Christians who answer a knock on the door, tooling down the streets in pickup trucks flying ISIS flags  —   in order to destabilize the government of President Abdel Fattah  . Sisi made promises to protect religious minorities after ousting Muslim Brotherhood president Mohamed Morsi in 2013. The wanton murders and dislocations of Christian families are a significant blow to his authority, especially if   Muslims are joining in. Coptic Christians have been strong supporters of Sisi Muslim Brotherhood activists blame them for colluding with Sisi to overthrow Morsi. The savages of ISIS were correct in thinking they would feel dismay or even betrayal when the government failed to protect them. This is exacerbated by Sisi’s strong promises to restore order after the December bombing of a Cairo church, seen by most analysts as the starting gun for the   rampage. Local observers described a sense of panic to   along with a sense of regional betrayal, as residents of the Sinai complain the Cairo government is not taking all necessary measures to protect them. Sinai residents have long felt alienated from the central government, which is one reason ISIS and its local affiliate Sinai Province have been so successful at recruiting there. Some of the Christians interviewed by the L. A. Times expressed fears that ISIS sympathizers have infiltrated the Egyptian security services, noting that murders have been carried out with impunity very close to security checkpoints, and the Islamic State death squads have been provided with suspiciously detailed hit lists of Christian residents. “The vast majority of the Egyptian population is not impacted by the activity in Sinai, so it is easy for the central government to ignore  —   either because they aren’t able to address the growing violence there or because they don’t want to,” explained Brookings Fellow Sarah Yerkes. One Cairo journalist told   that Copts are even dismayed with the performance of their own church hierarchy because it has taken a “weak and lenient” stance against the violence, including a pronounced refusal to admit local Egyptian Muslims are participating in the attacks. “They are thirsty for the blood of any Christian so there is no way for any Christian to live in  . They were pretty clear when they said, ‘We won’t leave any Christian in peace.’ They want an Islamic state,” Coptic Christian Wafaa Fawzy told CBN. Note the “s” in “state” is  .",0
13072,U.S. List of Those Detained for Trump’s Travel Ban Is Called Incomplete - The New York Times,"A month after President Trump’s executive order barring people from seven   nations from entering the United States caused tumult around the country, the government’s accounting of how many travelers the ban affected remains unclear. A total of 746 people were detained and processed in a   period immediately after a federal judge in Brooklyn blocked part of Mr. Trump’s Jan. 27 order, according to a list released by the government on Thursday. The figure was nearly seven times greater than the 109 people that Mr. Trump said in a Jan. 30 message on Twitter had been “held for questioning” and Sean M. Spicer, the White House press secretary, said had been “inconvenienced. ” But, according to lawyers for some of those who were detained, 746 may be an incomplete figure. At a hearing before Judge Carol B. Amon of Federal District Court in Brooklyn on Friday, those lawyers challenged the veracity of the government’s list, saying they knew of at least 10 people who had been detained who were not included in the tally. Some detainees were forced to return to the countries from which they had come, despite having valid visas. The lawyers initially asked that the government provide them with a list of names so they could help people return to the United States. Joshua Press, a Justice Department trial lawyer, said at the hearing that a vast majority of those who were held were eventually allowed to enter the country and were legal permanent residents. He said he could not provide a specific number. The Justice Department referred a request for that figure to the Customs and Border Protection agency, which declined to comment because of the continuing litigation. At the hearing, Judge Amon ordered the government to inform the plaintiffs how many of the 746 people on the government’s list had been allowed to enter the country, and to investigate the cases the plaintiffs’ lawyers said had been omitted. The list included only the given name and surname of those who were detained and did not mention nationalities. Judge Amon had not ordered that contact information be included. “All we’re trying to do is put together a puzzle, to which the government has all the pieces,” said Muneer I. Ahmad, one of the lawyers for the plaintiffs. When Mr. Ahmad questioned why the people he and his colleagues cited were missing from the list, Mr. Press replied, “The government is not omniscient. ” Mr. Trump’s executive order was halted on Feb. 9 by the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco, which upheld a ruling by a federal judge in Seattle. The Trump administration has said it plans to issue a revised order next week. Judge Ann M. Donnelly of Federal District Court in Brooklyn originally issued a stay of removal on Jan. 28 just before 9 p. m. At the time, she also ordered the government to provide a list of those people detained as a result of the executive order. The case was later assigned to Judge Amon. On Tuesday, she clarified in an order that a “snapshot” to measure how many people had been detained should include those held immediately after Judge Donnelly’s ruling, from 9:37 p. m. on Jan. 28 until 11:59 p. m. on Jan. 29. The list provided by the government did not include refugees because they generally do not arrive on weekends, said Rebecca Heller, a lawyer with the International Refugee Assistance Project. According to documents submitted to the court by the American Civil Liberties Union, some of those detained described having their phones confiscated, their requests to talk to lawyers denied and, in some cases, being coerced into signing forms that resulted in their deportation. Sara Yarjani, an Iranian citizen who is studying for a master’s degree in holistic health in California, was held for 23 hours at Los Angeles International Airport before being deported, after Judge Donnelly issued her ruling, according to court filings. Suha Amin Abdullah Abushamma, a Sudanese doctor at the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio who was born in Saudi Arabia and has a valid work visa, was detained at Kennedy Airport for 10 hours and deported, according to the filings. There is an urgent need to find those on the government’s list of people who were held, said Lee Gelernt, lead lawyer with the A. C. L. U. for detainees. He said he feared that those people might be forgotten once the Trump administration releases new travel restrictions. “We’re going to do our best to get everybody back, and then we’ll fight the new executive order,” Mr. Gelernt said.",0
13073,Ramsay Bolton of ‘Game of Thrones’ Is the Most Hated Man on TV - The New York Times,"BEVERLY HILLS, CALIF.  —   Like many successful actors, Iwan Rheon, better known as the blithely malicious Ramsay Bolton on “Game of Thrones,” arguably the most hated man on television, admits he’s concerned about being narrowly defined by an indelible character. But ask a logical   question  —   what else are you working on?  —   and the scale of his challenge becomes clear. “I’m playing a young Hitler,” he replied, referring to the British television movie “Adolf the Artist. ” Then realization took hold, and his face crumpled in mock despair: “Oh, I’m typecast already!” Such is life for the man behind a character who, over three seasons on “Game of Thrones,” returning Sunday on HBO, has become the emblem of a disquieting show’s darkest impulses. Since arriving as a   sadist in Season 3, this striving, legitimized former bastard has expanded to both embody the story’s dynastic obsession and inflict some of its most flagrant abuses. That list includes the flaying and gelding of rivals, the recreational hunting of a girl and, most controversial, last season’s   rape of his hostage bride, Sansa Stark (Sophie Turner). That he does it all with schoolboy glee makes him that much more viscerally loathsome  —   Mr. Rheon conceived Ramsay as a   of Heath Ledger’s unhinged Joker and Dennis the Menace, he said, and added a bit of the swagger of Liam Gallagher, the dyspeptic former Oasis singer. The resulting confection has landed on many “ ” lists online. In December, readers of The Atlantic voted Ramsay “the actual worst character on television” over the likes of Hannibal Lecter and Walter White, as well as Joffrey Baratheon, the sneering   Ramsay replaced as the signature “Game of Thrones” villain. “After we lost Joffrey, we had a   hole in the ‘Thrones’ world,” Ms. Turner wrote in an email. “But Iwan brings a terror and a creepiness that Joffrey never had. We needed someone to hate, and we love to hate him. ” In the new season, the show’s sixth, Ramsay deepens further, Mr. Rheon suggested, even approaching something like human emotion in mourning a girlfriend killed in the Season 5 finale. “That surprised even me,” he said. Of course, it also finds him seething over last season’s escape of his captives Sansa and Theon (Alfie Allen)  —   the young nobleman he castrated, forced into servitude and renamed Reek  —   and sets up who may be his most appalling victim yet: an      who could be a competing heir. [ “Game of Thrones” has moved past its blueprint. That’s a good thing. ] The show’s creators, David Benioff and D. B. Weiss, so obsessed with secrecy this season they’ve declined to offer critics advance screener copies, will say only that Ramsay will be up to “very bad things. ” “Sometimes you just think, ‘Oh God, can’t we just do something nice? ’” Mr. Rheon said, laughing. “On this show, the heroes aren’t necessarily standard heroes, so I guess your villains need to be even worse. ” Mr. Rheon, 30, wears the   mantle easily. By all accounts a charming young Welshman  —   his name is pronounced     and he grew up in Cardiff and now lives in London  —   he is amused by the notoriety and claims it is “an honor” to be considered the most despicable thing on a show full of despicable things. “Apparently I’m scarier than a White Walker. And a giant. And a dragon,” he said. In general, fans don’t hold Ramsay’s actions against him, and the technical realities of production keep the vile deeds from weighing too heavily on his soul. Flayings, for example, involve a piece of rubber and a prop knife he has to hold just so for the light to catch its malevolent angles, making it hard to obsess over the moral dimensions. One exception was Sansa’s rape last season, which “was very difficult to me I couldn’t really sleep the night before,” he said. Like others on the show, however, he remains somewhat perplexed by the outrage it sparked, less by the anger itself than by the scale and selective nature of it. A few episodes later, he noted, the immolation of a little girl drew a comparatively muted response. “I don’t want to compare these things and which is worse,” he said. “But burning a child at the stake? That’s pretty bad, isn’t it?” [ Sign up for our newsletter and get expert TV and movie recommendations twice a week ] For a man known for onscreen villainy, Mr. Rheon could hardly be more   in conversation.   and solicitous, he is given to wisecracks and silly tangents  —   asked his own favorite screen scoundrels, he listed Stringer Bell from “The Wire” and the T. rex from “Jurassic Park. ” Perhaps most jarring for “Thrones” fans: He spends his spare time writing and recording   tunes, mostly on his own but occasionally with his brother, Aled. Last year he released his first album, “Dinard. ” “He’s just a really nice fellow,” said Mr. Allen, the target of Ramsay’s most gruesome depredations. “I couldn’t put a finger on why he makes a good psychopath. ” (The actors, friends off camera, occasionally encounter incredulous fans who are stunned to see them spending time together. “It’s like, do you believe in dragons, too, mate?” Mr. Allen said.) In person, removed from the dank interiors he typically haunts on “Game of Thrones,” Mr. Rheon’s face is more cherubic than demonic, with a rakish scruff and artfully tousled hair that gets more so as he runs his hands through it in conversation. What defines him, though, are a pair of arresting pale blue eyes that tend to bulge maniacally on “Game of Thrones,” alight with the delight that comes from some cruelty or another. “He has this stare, this   smiling gaze that pierces right through you,” Ms. Turner said. Born in Carmarthen, Mr. Rheon and his family moved to Cardiff when he was 5, and he grew up playing in punk bands and dreaming of rock stardom. But participation in the Eisteddfod, a major culture festival in Wales, led to him being cast in a Welsh soap opera, and he went on to study at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. His breakthrough role came not long after he graduated, as the suicidal Moritz in a 2009 London production of the musical “Spring Awakening. ” The role was one of the first of many troubled, tormented or otherwise odd folks he’d be hired to play. He was an awkward juvenile delinquent in “Misfits,” a skewed superhero series in Britain an erratic drug dealer in the film “Wild Bill” and a traumatized soldier in the BBC war drama “Our Girl. ” (An exception: his gig as the earnest neighbor to Ian McKellen and Derek Jacobi on the British sitcom “Vicious. ”) For “Game of Thrones,” Mr. Rheon originally auditioned for the role of the heroic (and theoretically dead) Jon Snow, which instead went to Kit Harington. But his talent and versatility kept him “on our radar,” Mr. Benioff and Mr. Weiss wrote in a joint email he joined the show as Ramsay in Season 3. “The spark of humanity that Iwan occasionally provides makes all the other stuff that much more terrifying. ” Ramsay’s   torture of Theon tested viewers’ patience, but he acquired texture as it became clear that he’s fueled by a toxic cocktail of adoration and resentment toward his father, Roose Bolton (Michael McElhatton). The combination of “the little boy and the psychopath” makes Ramsay “more than a cardboard cutout evil baddie,” Mr. McElhatton said. It also situates him firmly within the brutal, multigenerational cycle of legacy and revenge that makes “Game of Thrones” go  —   even if the actor still isn’t sure why he fits in so well. “I’ve been trying to figure out what it is, but it’s so difficult to objectively look at why you get cast as all these strange people,” Mr. Rheon said. “The big eyes, maybe. ” “But,” he added, “I’m not complaining. ”",0
13074,Google Exec: H-1B Restriction Is ’Stupidest Policy’,"The top executive to Google’s parent company, Alphabet, says any restrictions on the   foreign guest worker visa is the “stupidest policy” in the U. S.[In a discussion at MIT’s Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab, Alphabet’s Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt said he opposed all restrictions on the   visa, where currently 1. 8 million foreign workers are in a multitude of U. S. jobs.  “The stupidest policy in the entire American political system was the limit on   visas,” Schmidt said, according to CNBC. “We want the best people in the world, regardless of any form of sex, race, country,   . We want them to work for us and not our competitors. ” “We should organize our country to be the most attractive place for those people,” Schmidt continued. “Stupid government policies that restrict us from [having] a fair chance of getting those people are antithetical to our mission [and] the things we serve. ” Every year, more than 100, 000 foreign workers are brought to the U. S. on the   visa. Most recently, that number has ballooned to potentially hundreds of thousands each year, as universities and   are exempt from the cap. With more entering the U. S. through the visa, Americans are often replaced. President of Protect U. S. Workers Sara Blackwell, who is a staunch critic of the   visa, lambasted Schmidt in an interview with Breitbart Texas, saying that while American workers are being laid off and forced to train their replacements, the Alphabet executive is reaping the benefits. “The only stupid thing would be if Americans believed these lies and propaganda,” Blackwell told Breitbart Texas. “The person who benefits from this awful use of   is Eric Schmidt. ” “He wants to continue the termination of American workers and forcing them to train their foreign replacements,” Blackwell continued. “But in the end, guess who wins? Eric Schmidt, who make $108 million every year. ” If Schmidt’s suggestion that the   visa be limitless, there would be no requirements on how much U. S. companies have to pay   foreign guest workers and no restrictions on how many foreign workers can enter the U. S. every year. Blackwell said Schmidt presents a “false dichotomy” of the   where lawmakers must choose between the current system, which has led to   of American workers, or a system where the smartest from around the world cannot enter the U. S. “If you’re worth 10. 1 billion, you can’t talk for American workers who are being hurt by the   system,” Blackwell said. As Breitbart Texas reported, Alphabet has ramped up its lobbying for more immigration and more   foreign guest workers during the first months of President Donald Trump’s administration. Alphabet remains one of the largest opponents in the tech industry to Trump’s “America First” agenda, which is why analysis by Quartz showed it had the largest uptick in   lobbying in the first quarter of 2017. In the current quarter alone, Alphabet lobbied more for immigration than ever before since 2008. In the past, U. S. companies have created affiliates with American universities in order to get around the cap on   visas for private companies, which is set at 85, 000 foreign workers a year. Between 2011 and 2014, companies like Dow Chemical, Samsung, and Monsanto successfully used the   visa loophole to hire more foreign workers by partnering with universities. The   visa has not only been criticized by Trump, but also Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who has blasted the visa for years in the U. S. Senate as a way for giant corporations to profit off the displacement and firing of Americans. In a recent executive order, Trump called for a “full legal review” of the   visa and its negative impacts on the wages, job opportunities and unemployment of American workers, Breitbart Texas reported. John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
13075,F.B.I. Arrests Wife of Killer in Orlando Mass Shooting - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The F. B. I. arrested the wife of the man who carried out a deadly terrorist attack in Orlando, Fla. and charged her with obstructing the investigation of the mass shooting, law enforcement officials said on Monday. Noor Salman, whose husband, Omar Mateen, killed 49 people and wounded dozens in an Orlando nightclub that was popular with gays, was also charged with aiding and abetting by providing material support, the officials said. She was taken into custody by F. B. I. agents at her home outside San Francisco, where she had been living with her young son. Prosecutors had been weighing charges against her for months in the aftermath of the attack by her husband on June 12, 2016. Investigators interviewed Ms. Salman for hours after the attack and came to believe she was not telling the truth about her husband’s plans to carry out the rampage. A Justice Department spokesman said Ms. Salman would make her initial appearance on Tuesday morning in federal court in Oakland, Calif. The Justice Department’s decision to prosecute Ms. Salman, 30, ends part of the mystery that has surrounded her since the first days after the attack, when she became a central subject of the   investigation into her husband. “Noor Salman had no foreknowledge nor could she predict what Omar Mateen intended to do that tragic night,” said her lawyer, Linda Moreno. “Noor has told her story of abuse at his hands. We believe it is misguided and wrong to prosecute her and that it dishonors the memories of the victims to punish an innocent person. ” The aiding and abetting, a terrorism charge, suggests that prosecutors believe that Ms. Salman helped him in some way  —   either before or after the terrorist attack. The decision to charge her is not without risks for prosecutors. If the case goes to trial, prosecutors will have to contend with a jury that could be sympathetic to Ms. Salman, who said she was in an abusive relationship and living in fear. In an interview last year with The New York Times, Ms. Salman said she was “unaware of everything” in connection with the attack. Ms. Salman said she had accompanied her husband to Orlando with their child once when he scouted the club but did not know the purpose of the trip. On the day her husband drove to Orlando, she claimed he said he was going to visit a friend, named Nemo, who lived in Florida. But Nemo was not living in Florida at the time, a fact Ms. Salman said she did not know. She also said she had no reason to suspect that ammunition he bought in the days leading up to the attack was to be used in the shooting, given that her husband was a security guard who frequently purchased ammunition. On the day of the shooting, she bought her husband a Father’s Day card, expecting him to return that evening. Her lawyers believe that supports her story that she did not know about the attack. During his rampage, Mr. Mateen used Facebook to pledge his allegiance to the Islamic State. President Obama has said that Mr. Mateen “took in extremist information and propaganda over the internet and became radicalized. ” Federal investigators do not believe that Mr. Mateen, who was 29 and who was killed by the police after the shooting, received any specific training or support from the Islamic State. Part of their inquiry has focused on whether anyone in the United States assisted in his plans for the attack. There has perhaps been no figure more central to those questions than Ms. Salman, who grew up in an   home in Rodeo, Calif. near San Francisco. In Rodeo, on a diverse block populated by Chinese, Indian, Korean and Mexican families, neighbors recalled a younger Ms. Salman as warm and kind. Ms. Salman married Mr. Mateen in a ceremony near her childhood home in Northern California, a second marriage for both. After the wedding, Ms. Salman moved to Fort Pierce, Fla. where she and Mr. Mateen lived in a condominium complex. Their marriage in 2011 caused consternation among some of Ms. Salman’s relatives, mostly because of her Palestinian heritage and Mr. Mateen’s ancestral ties to Afghanistan. Ms. Salman said in the interview with The Times that her husband beat her repeatedly and verbally abused her. Members of Mr. Mateen’s family, who have tried to shield Ms. Salman from public scrutiny, have said they believe she did nothing improper. “She is shocked, that poor lady,” Seddique Mateen, Mr. Mateen’s father, said in June 2016. “And she doesn’t know anything. ” The Orlando police chief, John W. Mina, said in a statement that he was “glad to see” that Ms. Salman had been arrested. “Nothing can erase the pain we all feel about the senseless and brutal murders of 49 of our neighbors, friends, family members and loved ones,” the chief said. “But today, there is some relief in knowing that someone will be held accountable for that horrific crime. ” In two recent mass shootings, prosecutors have brought charges against people with ties to the attackers. In South Carolina, a friend of Dylann S. Roof, who was convicted of killing nine people on June 17, 2015, in a Charleston church, pleaded guilty in April to lying to federal investigators and misprision of a felony, or failing to inform authorities that a felony had been committed. The friend did not testify against Mr. Roof, who was sentenced to death last week. In 2015, the federal authorities in California brought charges against a neighbor of the husband and wife who killed 14 people and wounded 22 others in San Bernardino. The man, who bought the rifles used in the attack on Dec. 2, 2015, was accused of lying on forms filled out in connection with the purchase. Although he was also accused of planning a terrorist attack several years ago, the man was not charged with having a direct role in the San Bernardino rampage. However, federal prosecutors in the summer of 2014 declined to prosecute Katherine Russell, the wife of one of the assailants in the Boston Marathon bombing on April 15, 2013. F. B. I. agents believed she had made false statements to investigators and concealed knowledge of a crime.",0
13076,ITALIAN MAYOR blasted for scathing verbal attack on African Muslim savages who have been invading Southern Italy,"ITALIAN MAYOR blasted for scathing verbal attack on African Muslim savages who have been invading Southern Italy Yes, his words may be racist and anti-Muslim, but look at the videos below to see what African Muslim illegal alien invaders are bringing to Italy and you won’t be so quick to condemn him. What would you say if they did the same thing in your cities? Thousands of Muslims lift their asses to Allah in front of the Coliseum in Rome to protest the government’s closing of hundreds of illegal mosques UK Express (h/t Brenda K) An Italian mayor has come under fire after saying he will shoot ’niggers and gypsies’ and build a pig farm next to mosques as tensions continue to rise over the illegal alien Muslim invasion of southern Italy. More than 160,000 economic freeloaders posing as asylum seekers have been housed in Italy since the start of 2014, according to date from the interior ministry. Italy has been one of the first destinations along migrants typical routes for months, receiving thousands of new arrivals who continue to risk their lives to cross the Mediterranean on rickety smuggler’s boats. But many have been critical of the welcoming of so many refugees – and now one Mayor from the town of Albettone in Vento has launched a scathing attack on the new arrivals. Speaking on La Zanzara on Radio 24, Joe Formaggio said: “Immigrants? If they send them to us, we will protect our houses. We are proud to be racists.” The mayor claims his city “exports brains and imports niggers” who “are less intelligent than us, they are inferior”. Amid possible plans to open a mosque in the city, he claimed he would open a “large farm of pigs if they open a mosque here”. Mr Formaggio added: ”If refugees are sent here to Albettone, the barricades in Gorino will be seen as nothing. “Here we do not want immigrants, niggers or gypsies. They have a lower IQ: history proves it. “We have a shooting range and the highest number of licenses to carry weapons in the whole Veneto region. “And we do not want anyone to come and bother us. They risk their lives around us.” The comments were deemed so strong that the Secretary General of the Vicenza Chamber has been forced to intervene. Calling the comments “irresponsible”, Giampaolo Zanni said: “The Chamber of Vicenza totally rejects the Mayor of Albetton’s statements about the black population. “None of us underestimates the problems arising from illegal alien Muslim invasion migration. “But responses like those of the Mayor of Albettone are not only xenophobic and racist, but are also dangerous as they encourage feelings of racial hatred, and therefore are in stark contrast to the values of our constitution.” Thousands of Italians have come out in large protests against the never-ending Muslim invasion of their country.",0
13077,Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk into a bar,"Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk in to a bar Donald leans over, and with a smile on his face, says: “The media is really tearing you apart for that Scandal.” Hillary: “You mean my lying about Benghazi?” Trump: “No, the other one.” Hillary: “You mean the massive voter fraud?” Trump: “No, the other one.” Hillary: “You mean the military not getting their votes counted?” Trump: “No, the other one.” Hillary: “Using my secret private server with classified material to hide my Activities?” Trump: “No, the other one.” Hillary: “The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything else?” Trump: “No, the other one.” Hillary: “Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, hiring cronies, and taking bribes from foreign countries?” Trump: “No, the other one.” Hillary: “You mean the drones being operated in our own country without the benefit of the law?” Trump: “No, the other one.” Hillary: “Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it declared bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?” Trump: “No, the other one.” Hillary: “You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?” Trump: “No, the other one.” Hillary: “Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals?” Trump: “No the other one:” Hillary: “Turning Libya into chaos?” Trump: “No the other one:” Hillary: “Being the mastermind of the so-called Arab Spring that only brought chaos, death and destruction to the Middle East and North Africa?” Trump: “No the other one:” Hillary: “Leaving four Americans to die in Benghazi?” Trump: “No the other one:” Hillary: “Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?” Trump: “No the other one:” Hillary: “The funding and arming of terrorists in Syria, the destruction and destabilization of that nation, giving the order to our lapdogs in Turkey and Saudi Arabia to give sarin gas to the “moderate” terrorists in Syria that they eventually used on civilians, and framed Assad, and had it not been for the Russians and Putin, we would have used that as a pretext to invade Syria, put a puppet in power, steal their natural resources, and leave that country in total chaos, just like we did with Libya? Trump: “No the other one:” Hillary: “The creation of the biggest refugees crisis since WWII?” Trump: “No the other one:” Hillary: “Leaving Iraq in chaos?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “The DOJ spying on the press?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 months later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “The NSA monitoring citizens?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “Threats to all of Bill’s former mistresses to keep them quiet?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “You mean the INSIDER TRADING of the Tyson chicken deal I did where I invested $1,000 and the next year I got $100,000?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “You mean when Bill met with Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, just before my hearing with the FBI to cut a deal?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “You mean the one where my IT guy at Platte River Networks asked Reddit for help to alter emails?” Trump: “No, the other one.” Hillary: “You mean where the former Haitian Senate President accused me and my foundation of asking him for bribes?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “You mean that old video of me laughing as I explain how I got the charges against that child rapist dropped by blaming the young girl for liking older men and fantasising about them. Even though I knew the guy was guilty? Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “You mean that video of me coughing up a giant green lunger into my drinking glass then drinking it back down?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “You mean that video of me passing out on the curb and losing my shoe?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “You mean when I robbed Bernie Sanders of the Democratic Party Nomination by having the DNC rig the nomination process so that I would win?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “You mean how so many people that oppose me have died in mysterious ways?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “Travel Gate? When seven employees of the White House Travel Office were fired so that friends of Bill and mine could take over the travel business? And when I lied under oath during the investigation by the FBI, the Department of Justice, the White House itself, the General Accounting Office, the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee, and the Whitewater Independent Counsel?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “The scandal where (while I was Secretary if State) the State Department signed off on a deal to sell 20% of the USA’s uranium to a Canadian corporation that the Russians bought, netting a $145 million donation from Russia to the Clinton Foundation and a $500,000 speaking gig for Bill from the Russian Investment Bank that set up the corporate buyout? That scandal?” Trump: “No, the other one.” Hillary: “That time I lied when I said I was under sniper fire when I got off the plane in Bosnia?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “That time when after I became the First Lady, I improperly requested a bunch of FBI files so I could look for blackmail material on government insiders?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “That time when Bill nominated Zoe Baird as Attorney General, even though we knew she hired illegal immigrants and didn’t pay payroll taxes on them?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “When I got Nigeria exempted from foreign aid transparency guidelines despite evidence of corruption because they gave Bill $700,000 in speaking fees?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “That time in 2009 when Honduran military forces allied with rightist lawmakers ousted democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya, and I as then-Secretary of State sided with the armed forces and fought global pressure to reinstate him?” Trump: “No, the other one:” Hillary: “I give up! … Oh wait, I think I’ve got it! When I stole the White House furniture and silverware when Bill left Office?” Trump: “THAT’S IT, THAT ONE” Hillary: “I thought I’d got away with that one dammit !!!”",0
13078,Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmstrom Win Nobel in Economics for Work on Contracts - The New York Times,"Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmstrom were awarded the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Science on Monday for their work on improving the design of contracts, the deals that bind together employers and their workers, or companies and their customers. Dr. Holmstrom, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, has had a particular influence on executive pay practices. Dr. Hart, a professor at Harvard, has contributed to the debate about the outsourcing of public services like prisons and garbage collection. “Modern economies are held together by innumerable contracts,” the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, which awarded the prize, said Monday morning. “Their analysis of optimal contractual arrangements lays an intellectual foundation for designing policies and institutions in many areas, from bankruptcy legislation to political constitutions. ” The prize committee in recent years has shied away from grand economic theories, instead rewarding economists who develop careful insights about smaller questions. Macroeconomics, the field devoted to those broader questions, has fallen into something of an existential crisis in recent years. There is, for now, greater certainty about the value of work on a smaller scale. “Much of economics from the noneconomist perspective is about how governments run fiscal policy and monetary policy,” said Patrick Bolton, an economist at Columbia University. “This is really thinking about economics from the ground up, from the small to the large. ” Dr. Holmstrom’s work has focused on employment contracts. Companies would like managers to behave as if they owned the place: working hard and minding costs while taking smart risks. Employees, on the other hand, would like to be paid as much as possible while working no harder than necessary. And performance is difficult to assess. Economists since Adam Smith have grappled with the conflicts inherent in the relationship between owners and employees. Dr. Holmstrom’s work, beginning in the late 1970s, presented evidence that companies should tie pay to the broadest possible evaluation of an employee’s performance. In later work, he focused on the benefits of simple contracts that mixed base pay with limited incentives. Dr. Hart’s work begins from the observation that contracts are incomplete instruction manuals. They cannot specify what to do in every case. Instead, they must stipulate how decisions should be made. “His research provides us with theoretical tools for studying questions such as which kinds of companies should merge, the proper mix of debt and equity financing, and which institutions such as schools or prisons ought to be privately or publicly owned,” the academy said in a summary of his work. Dr. Holmstrom, speaking via an audio connection to a news conference hosted by the academy, said he had been “very surprised and very happy” to get the news. Asked how his day was going, he said there was “a sense of things being surreal. ” Dr. Hart said he had hugged his wife, roused his son from sleep and spoken by phone with Dr. Holmstrom, a close friend whom he has known for years. “I woke at about 4:40 and was wondering whether it was getting too late for it to be this year, but then fortunately the phone rang,” Dr. Hart said. One implication of Dr. Holmstrom’s work is that it makes sense to withhold some compensation for a time, to evaluate the results of a manager’s work. Companies have turned increasingly to this kind of deferred compensation, particularly for senior executives. But his influence on compensation practices is limited. He has argued, for example, that companies should tie such evaluations to the stock market performance of their industry rather than focusing solely on the company’s own stock price. It makes little sense to reward an executive for gains that reflect a broader change in the industry’s fortunes, or to punish executives for setbacks beyond their control. But such advice has not become common practice. In an influential 1986 paper, Dr. Holmstrom and Dr. Hart  —   writing together for the first time in their careers  —   also underscored important limitations on   pay. The two men observed that contracts are generally much simpler than theory might predict. Companies do not try to write down a complete set of expectations. The reason, they suggested, is that specific instructions can be counterproductive, encouraging too much focus on whatever happens to be easily quantified. Dr. Hart, in his own work, has explored the limits of contractual relationships. Consider the case of an electric company that needs to rewrite its contract with a coal mine because its needs have changed. Under some circumstances, Dr. Hart has shown, the utility would have been better off owning the mine from the beginning, to control the relationship. In other cases, contracts make more sense than ownership. Cities should outsource garbage collection, for example, Dr. Hart said in an interview on Monday. There is always a balance, he said, between saving money and losing control. The critical issue, he said, is often the extent to which a contract can account for unexpected challenges. “A government wouldn’t contract with a private company to carry out its foreign policy because it’s just too difficult to specify in a contract how to carry out foreign policy,” he said. “That would be crazy. ” The federal government turned to Dr. Hart in a pair of recent tax cases. Two companies  —   Black  Decker and Wells Fargo  —   claimed tax benefits related to spinning off some lines of business. The government leaned on Dr. Hart’s theory, arguing that companies retained control of   and therefore they could not simultaneously lay claim to the cost savings. Dr. Holmstrom, 67, was born in Helsinki, Finland, and speaks Swedish well enough to answer questions in that language at Monday’s news conference. In the early 1970s, he was working for a Finnish company that wanted to use computers to improve productivity. Dr. Holmstrom, sent to Stanford on a   fellowship, concluded that the real challenge was not programming but providing employees with proper incentives. He stayed to earn a Ph. D. and has been a professor at M. I. T. since 1994. Dr. Hart, 68, was born in London and came to the United States to earn his Ph. D. in 1974 from Princeton. He has been a professor of economics at Harvard since 1993. “He will not let go until he’s understood what you have to say,” Dr. Bolton said. “And most of the time, your argument fails. Which is an unpleasant experience as a student. But when you succeed, it gives you an incredible confidence. ” ■ Yoshinori Ohsumi, a Japanese cell biologist, was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine on Oct. 3 for his discoveries on how cells recycle their content, a process known as autophagy, a Greek term for “ . ” ■ David J. Thouless, F. Duncan M. Haldane and J. Michael Kosterlitz shared the Nobel Prize in Physics last Tuesday for their research into the bizarre properties of matter in extreme states. ■   Sauvage, J. Fraser Stoddart and Bernard L. Feringa shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry on Wednesday for development of molecular machines, the world’s smallest mechanical devices. ■ President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday for pursuing a deal to end 52 years of conflict with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, the   war in the Americas. Angus Deaton was awarded last year’s prize for improving data that shape public policy, including measures of wealth and poverty, savings and consumption, health and happiness. The Nobel Prize in Literature will be announced on Thursday in Sweden. Last year’s winner was Svetlana Alexievich, a Belarussian journalist and writer known for deeply researched works about female Russian soldiers in World War II and the aftermath of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster.",0
13079,“Brexit means Clusterfuck” confirms Prime Minister | NewsThump,"“Brexit means Clusterfuck” confirms Prime Minister 
Theresa May has clarified that Brexit actually means one giant, steaming clusterfuck. 
The reincarnation of Emperor Palpatine made the statement following the High Court ruling that Parliament would have to give the go-ahead for Britain to officially tell the EU to piss right off. 
“Brexit does indeed mean clusterfuck,” said the Prime Minister, giving the pained smile of a woman who knows she’s going to be the historical equivalent of Basil Fawlty. 
“But it is the clusterfuck that the people voted for, and by God, we shall see to it that this clusterfuck gets done right and proper. 
“I mean, I’d rather not, because it’s going to be dreadful and tedious, but that’s democracy for you.” 
Brexiter, Simon Williams, said,”If ‘clusterfuck’ means ‘taking back control’ then I say bring on the clusterfuck and damn the consequences. 
“We’ve already told the experts where to go; there is no going back. Brexit means clusterfuck, and I demand to be clusterfucked immediately.” Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently",0
13080,"Driver Arrested, Several Critically Injured After Car Ploughs Into Crowd in Helsinki","Three people have been critically injured and several others less severely after a car mounted the pavement in Helsinki, Finland. [The incident, which police say was not deliberate, took place outside a subway station in the eastern part of Finland’s capital. Witnesses saw an   Silver Volvo estate driving at speed before mounting the pavement and hitting several other cars before coming to a stop, reports Finnish newspaper Ilta Sanomat.  A police spokesman told the newspaper “there is nothing presently to suggest the act was intentional” and that the driver had been taken into custody. Approximately 10 emergency appliances including fire engines and ambulances attended the scene. An eyewitness told media some of those injured appeared to be in very bad condition. The crash comes amid heightened concern in Europe over vehicles being used as an attack vector by Islamist killers. 2016 saw the Islamist attacks at the Berlin Christmas market in December and the national day attacks in Nice, France in July. Between the two attacks, 99 were killed. 2016 has also seen the trial of Bosnian Muslim Alen Rizvanović, who drove his car through the central shopping district of Graz, Austria in 2015, killing four. Despite evidence to the contrary, the incident was widely reported as a traffic accident in Austrian media. This story is developing",0
13081,"‘$2m, call that a bribe?’ says a disgusted Sepp Blatter. More soon.","Posted: Nov 16th, 2016 by antharrison Click for more article by antharrison .. More Stories about: Ticker",0
13082,"Muslims in the Military: The Few, the Proud, the Welcome - The New York Times","When Donald J. Trump said last fall that he would consider making Muslims in the United States carry special identification cards, Tayyib Rashid reached into his wallet and pulled out his military ID, then posted a picture of it online, adding: “Hey @realDonaldTrump, I’m an American Muslim and I already carry a special ID badge. Where’s yours?” Now, Mr. Rashid, who served five years in the Marine Corps and worked in avionics, deploying three times, has been outraged again by Mr. Trump. This time it is because of the Republican presidential candidate’s disparaging comments about Khizr and Ghazala Khan, the parents of an Army captain killed by a car bomb in Iraq in 2004, who criticized Mr. Trump’s proposed policies toward Muslims at the Democratic National Convention. The episode “brought tears to my eyes,” Mr. Rashid said. “These are people who sacrificed their own child, their own blood. ” But, he said, his anger is tempered by his own experience in the military, where people were overwhelmingly accepting and supportive. “I experienced nothing but love and camaraderie from all the Marines I served with,” said Mr. Rashid, who joined the Marines in 1997. “I was often the first Muslim many of them had ever met, but there was no racism, no bigotry. It doesn’t really matter your faith: We were all Marines first. ” Still, as Mr. Rashid acknowledges, Muslims in the military face numerous challenges. For one, 15 years of war in Muslim countries has made serving in the military a cultural minefield. Among some   soldiers, Islam itself, not extremism, is often seen as the problem. In interviews, Muslim soldiers said they had all encountered at one time or another what one called “knucklehead” comments equating them with terrorists. Things got worse after 13 people were killed at Fort Hood in 2009 by a Muslim Army psychiatrist who said the United States’ wars in Iraq and Afghanistan were wars against all Muslims. Other problems come from the cultural barriers, like a ban on facial hair, and dealing with military food that is often rife with pork, forbidden by Islam. Few bases have Muslim prayer services, and only five of the Army’s roughly 2, 900 chaplains are imams. “It can be challenging,” said Mr. Rashid, whose family moved from Pakistan when he was 10. “The nature of military service is not very conducive to practicing your faith, but Islam is flexible. ” “I am here as an American,” he added. “I benefit from the liberty and opportunity of this country, and it is my obligation to serve this nation in some way. ” Thousands of Muslims have served in the military since at least the Civil War, but they make up a disproportionately small portion of the force. Just 3, 939 troops currently list their faith as Islam, according to Pentagon data. They make up just 0. 3 percent of the military Muslims are estimated to make up about 1 percent of the civilian population. Their numbers are so few that some go most of their career without meeting another Muslim in uniform. In Europe, some countries have made moves to encourage Muslims to enlist. The British Army, which has similarly low participation among Muslims, two years ago launched a recruiting initiative, the Armed Forces Muslim Forum. The armed forces allow fasting during Ramadan and make accommodations for daily prayers, setting up prayer rooms on bases and recently adding one to a warship. The Pentagon does not track how many Muslim troops have died in combat since 2001, but they have served in all branches  —   as officers, combat troops, interpreters and intelligence gatherers. Some say that life in the military became harder after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. “After   I really started noticing a change,” said Mansoor Shams, who was born in Pakistan and served in the Marine Corps from 2000 to 2004. “A few guys made negative comments, sometimes   calling me the Taliban. I decided to nip it in the bud, and most of the guys understood. ” Some troops also find it difficult to fight in countries their families may be from. But when it comes to religious liberty, they say, the military has gone to considerable lengths to be accommodating. Troops have time to pray and can fast during Ramadan. The military even makes halal versions of M. R. E.s  —   meals ready to eat, its   field rations  —   along with kosher and vegetarian versions. “The halal M. R. E.s are actually pretty good, maybe even better than regular M. R. E. s,” said Capt. Nadi Kassim, a company commander in the Army’s Second Cavalry Regiment. Captain Kassim, a child of Palestinian refugees who graduated from the United States Military Academy in 2010, has felt nothing but support from the military since he was a cadet, he said. “I was never singled out for being a guy named Nadi Kassim,” he said. “The Army minimizes differences and rewards achievement, and I really thrived in that. ” When a recent field exercise fell during Ramadan, Captain Kassim said, the support unit doing the cooking set aside meals so he and another Muslim could eat after sunset. “We did not ask them to,” he said. “They just did it on their own to show they supported us. ” Though easy to overlook, Muslim culture has a firm toehold in the military, said Cmdr. Abuhena Saifulislam, a chaplain who serves as an imam in the Navy and Marine Corps, a job he has held for 20 years. Every Friday, he said, an imam holds prayers in the Pentagon, and at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina, where he is stationed, he leads prayers daily. Commander Saifulislam has been invited to lead prayers at the White House by President George W. Bush and President Obama. On his latest visit, during the Muslim holiday Eid   he walked into the White House with a    Muslim who had fought in World War II. “Many times I have been to Afghanistan,” he said. “I let them know there how we as Muslims live in America. And I have made great relationships. ” Commander Saifulislam oversaw the building of a mosque at Camp Lejeune, complete with separate entrances for men and women. And in his long career in the military, he said, he has ministered to many more Christians than Muslims and has never faced a backlash. “When I was young, I came here from Bangladesh without a family,” he said. “And in many ways the military became my family. I wouldn’t have stayed 20 years unless I felt welcome. ”",0
13083,Civics Lesson Unfolds at Capitol as Health Care Bill Incinerates - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump had already given his blessing: Pull the bill. Speaker Paul D. Ryan, bound for the basement of the Capitol, was preparing to deliver the news to his conference. And inside the House gallery on Friday, still teeming with lawmakers debating legislation that would never get a vote, Gary and Tammy Comes, visitors from Vero Beach, Fla. were straining to puzzle out the shouting just after 3:30 p. m. “Vote! Vote! Vote!” came the lawmakers’ chants, echoing as the body suddenly adjourned, setting in motion a whirring of members, journalists and assorted guests wandering through the Capitol, conscripted to spend the next several minutes  —   days? election cycles?  —   making sense of what had happened. “He’s like the coach,” Mr. Comes, a    Trump voter, said of his president as he left, lamenting the finale of a   education in legislative incineration. “Why do you want the coach to lose?” They were not alone in this hour of congressional processing, shuffling toward the exits with more questions than insights. Republican members fumed loudest, racing into elevators after their conference meeting. “Don’t bother to go,” Representative Darrell Issa of California told a   colleague. It was over, he said, turning a thumb down. Staff members digested the moment in varying degrees of distress. “Health care is hard,” one young woman said quietly to a peer. Building employees gossiped. “Ryan did an interview downstairs,” one man told a police officer on his way out, referring to Mr. Ryan’s session with reporters after 4 p. m. “Said Obamacare’s the law of the land. ” Others drifted through the halls with little sense of the surrounding tumult. Workers pushed carts into closets, eager to complete their week. Music blared from the headphones of high school visitors waiting by a bathroom. Then there were the Comeses. They had not planned to tour the Capitol during their vacation here. But sensing something momentous afoot, they first wandered into the gallery on Thursday. “They adjourned trying to debate what time to start this morning,” said Ms. Comes, 47, marveling at the inanity. “They cited some kind of rule,” her husband added, shrugging beneath a National Hot Rod Association hoodie. The two are not Trump   they suggested, describing the 2016 election as a battle of relative evils. But they expressed satisfaction with Mr. Trump’s efforts so far. “He’s doing good,” Ms. Comes said. “I think more people need to support him. ” “It’s a complicated issue,” Mr. Comes noted, a partial echo of Mr. Trump’s recent musing that “nobody knew that health care could be so complicated. ” Still, the couple, returning soon to their Florida log cabin  —   “our neighbors call us Lincolns,” Mr. Comes said  —   said their attendance on Friday had been instructive. “It’s cool to be a part of history, even if it didn’t happen,” he said. Moments later, a guard walked over. The space was closing to the public. The House was no longer open for business, he said. Or whatever that was.",0
13084,Resistance: Democrats Plan to Withhold Federal Taxes to Protest Trump - Breitbart,"Some Democrats prepare to withhold paying federal taxes in potentially the biggest tax boycott since the Vietnam War, according to a report from The Guardian. [The National War Tax Resistance Coordinating Committee (NWTRCC) which campaigns for federal tax boycotts, says there has “renewed interest in war tax resistance following Trump’s inauguration,” with the website’s traffic doubling in the past month.  “Something has clicked in the minds of thousands of people across the country  …     we don’t want to pay for Trump’s agenda! While many of the reasons people are fed up —  extreme militarism, mass incarceration, police brutality, and mass deportations —  are part of the foundation of our country, it is exciting to see many new people contacting NWTRCC and wanting to organize in their communities,” the website reads. The boycott has also attracted the interest of celebrities, with Mia Farrow saying “I refuse to pay a penny of my taxes toward Trump’s insane, insulting wall. ” Feminist activist Gloria Steinhem also pledges her support, telling The Guardian that she will deduct from her tax return money she believes should be going to Planned Parenthood. I refuse to pay a penny of my taxes toward Trump’s insane, insulting wall.  #IstandwithMexico,  —   Mia Farrow (@MiaFarrow) January 26, 2017,  In December, Time magazine published a column entitled “65 Million Americans Should Threaten to Not Pay Taxes,” urging the “approximately 65 million Democrats who voted for Hillary Clinton [to] pledge that in the future if a Republican wins the presidency with fewer votes than a Democrat for the third time in our era, we won’t pay taxes to the federal government. ” California Democrats have already threatened to “cut off the feds” by withholding taxes, with former State Assembly Speaker Willie Brown claiming the state could become “an organized ” in a state of “  with the federal tax code. ” Before the election, dozens of celebrities promised to effectively boycott America by leaving the country should Donald Trump be elected. The list included singers Barbara Streisand and Miley Cyrus, the actor Bryan Cranston and the comedienne Amy Schumer. Since his election, none of their plans have materialized. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
13085,This Is No ‘Cold War’; It’s Far Worse Than That.,"World War III — the first (and final) nuclear war — has never been so likely as it is now. Eric Zuesse, originally posted at strategic-culture.org Here is the reason why we are currently even closer to a civilization-ending nuclear war than was the case during the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962: During the Cold War, the two sides agreed that any war between the capitalist side and the communist side would escalate to nuclear war between the U.S. and the USSR and constitute Mutually Assured Destruction (M.A.D.). Therefore, because of this mutual acceptance of M.A.D., hot war didn’t develop during that entire period, from 1945 till the Soviet Union dissolved and ended its military alliance the Warsaw Pact, both of which ended in 1991. Throughout that 45-year period, called “the Cold War,” there was no hot war between the two nuclear superpowers, because both sides believed that any hot war would end in M.A.D. — mutual annihilation, and the end of civilization. It would end that way because any hot war between the two sides would terminate either in one side surrendering to the other, or else in at least one of the two sides (presumably to be started by the one that’s on the brink of defeat in the traditional hot war) nuclear-attacking the other (as being its only alternative to defeat). In other words, M.A.D. recognized and accepted the fact that for a nuclear power to attack a nuclear power with non-nuclear weaponry will almost certainly provoke a nuclear war at the moment when one of the two is losing (or about to lose) the conventional conflict to the other. Nuclear weapons are weapons of last resort, but they exist in order to prevent defeat. That’s what they exist for. If Japan had had deliverable nuclear weapons, then the end of World War II would have been considerably delayed. Japan would have lost because it had no allies, but the end of WW II would have been very different than it was. Only M.A.D. avoided the Cold War becoming a hot war. But M.A.D. is not just a physical reality but equally importantly a mutually-shared belief-system , a belief-system that becomes no longer operative if one of the two sides switches to believe that a way exists actually to win a nuclear war — in other words, to believe that conquest of a nuclear power by another nuclear power is a real possibility. During the years prior to 2006, there was an increasing though unspoken belief at the top of the U.S. aristocracy (the people who control the U.S. government — or at least have controlled it since 1981 ), that the United States would be able to win a nuclear war against Russia; and, suddenly, in 2006, the belief was published, and virtually no one who possessed power or influence challenged it; and, from that time forward, M.A.D. was ended on the American side, and nuclear weapons became, in the U.S., strategized within a new framework (called “nuclear primacy” ) — the framework of nuclear weapons as constituting the ultimate weapons of conquest by the U.S. government. After 1991, when the Warsaw Pact no longer existed, the U.S. military alliance NATO invited into its membership all of the former states of the USSR except Russia (thereby indicating NATO’s continuing hostility toward that particular nation and the fraudulence of NATO’s peace with it), and also invited in all of the USSR’s former Warsaw Pact allies, and so NATO (a now clearly anti-Russian, no longer at all anti-communist, alliance) has come to extend right up to Russia’s own borders — something that the U.S. had refused to allow the USSR to do to the U.S. in 1962, when the Soviet dictator Khrushchev wanted to place nuclear missiles in Cuba just 90 miles from America’s border. In the new era during which the U.S. government and its allies believe that nuclear primacy is about to be achieved, the framework in which the use of ‘nuclear primacy’ would be ‘justified’ is that, as soon as such ‘primacy’ is believed to have been obtained (such as by means of anti-ballistic missiles having been installed that would supposedly annihilate Russia’s nuclear arsenal before their warheads could even be released to retaliate against the U.S.-and-allied nuclear invasion), the U.S. side’s ‘defensive’ traditional-weapons invasion of Russia is being defeated by the Russians, and so the only way available to prevent the defeat of the U.S.-and-allied forces is by the use of nuclear weapons (the ‘taking-advantage’ of America’s ‘nuclear primacy’). That’s how the nuclear attack would be ’justified’, as a ‘necessary defensive response’ against Russia. Consequently, in the current U.S.-NATO operation on and near Russia’s borders , the Alliance is starting the buildup of its traditional invasion forces. This includes even some U.S. allies that aren’t in NATO . The supposed ‘justification’ for this amassing of invasion-forces on Russia’s borders is to ‘defend’ against ‘Russia’s aggression’ when (in March 2014 just weeks after the bloody U.S. coup in Ukraine ) Russia enabled the residents of Crimea to rejoin Crimea as part of Russia, of which Crimea had been until the Soviet dictator Khrushchev arbitrarily transferred Crimea to Ukraine in 1954 . That disagreement about Crimea is the supposed root-cause for NATO’s involvement, even though Ukraine still isn’t (and previously didn’t want to be) a member of the NATO alliance. Anyway: this is the rationalization for NATO’s buildup toward what could become WW III. Ever since 19 February 2016, the U.S. has been storing tanks and artillery , sufficient “to support 15,000 Marines” in undisclosed “confidential” Norwegian caves. Norway has a 200-mile border with Russia. CNN’s news-report on that was accompanied by a video headlined “Russia Reveals Aggressive Military Plans” . It reported that Russia’s (democratically elected, though not mentioned as such) President, Vladimir Putin, was moving troops and weapons toward Norway’s border. (How would the U.S. respond if Russia were to be storing invasion-equipment and troops in Mexico near the U.S. border? Would the U.S. be moving troops and weapons near the Mexican border to protect against an invasion of America; and, if so, then how accurate would it be if Russia’s media then headlined “America Reveals Aggressive Military Plans”? Hitler’s Germany used those sorts of media-tactics, but this time Obama’s America is doing that.) Marine Corps Times headlined on October 24th, “More than 300 Marines heading to Norway in January” . U.S. President Barack Obama means business: he’s getting things set up for Hillary Clinton to finish as his successor. This kind of boldness exceeds anything during the Cold War. America, and its greatly expanded NATO, thus now surrounds Russia not just with its tanks etc., but with its missiles and bombers, on and near Russia’s borders, and so the flight-time from launch to the nuclear-bombing (if the ground-invasion of Russia encounters defeat) will be less than ten minutes, sometimes even less than the time for Russia to get its own missiles launched in retaliation against ours; and so a U.S. blitz nuclear attack against Russia could conceivably be an entirely one-sided war. Here is how that scenario — the end of physical M.A.D. — has actually become the objective sought by the U.S. government (and the necessary backstory for America’s war-drills on Russia’s borders): In 2006, the U.S. aristocracy published in the journal Foreign Affairs, from their Council on Foreign Relations, the first article which said that the U.S. goal should no longer be a continuation of M.A.D., but instead “The Rise of U.S. Nuclear Primacy” , by which the U.S. aristocracy meant the rise of America’s ability to win a nuclear war against Russia. It established this stunning goal merely by saying that such an objective could be achieved and that it should be achieved, and by the article’s being published by the U.S. aristocracy itself (the people who control this country), and by furthermore the U.S. aristocracy not condemning and rejecting and repudiating it but simply letting that article stand with little to no public discussion (and no public debate) about it, much less with the chorus of public condemnations of it in the U.S. press, such as would have happened if America were a democracy — but this nation no longer is a democracy, it has become an aristocracy , and this aristocracy had now published the “Nuclear Primacy” article. (By contrast, in the obscure journal China Security was published in the Autumn 2006 issue the main critique against it, “The Fallacy of Nuclear Primacy” . That article had no impact.) The Foreign Affairs article even was so bold as to assert that “U.S. leaders have always aspired to this goal” (nuclear primacy) — a wild and unsupported allegation that’s not much different from alleging that not only George W. Bush but all U.S. Presidents after World War II were aspiring to have the ability to conquer Russia (and the authors were asserting that only now was this supposedly terrific ability coming within reach). It was explicit about G.W. Bush’s having this desire: “The intentional pursuit of nuclear primacy is, moreover, entirely consistent with the United States’ declared policy of expanding its global dominance. The Bush administration’s 2002 National Security Strategy explicitly states that the United States aims to establish military primacy.” That allegation was tragically true, which is one of the reasons why Bush (like his father, who actually started the determined policy to achieve nuclear primacy) was so dangerous and harmful a President. His invasion of Iraq was merely a sympton of that deeper disease. And, so, this article about “The Rise of U.S. Nuclear Primacy” and “The End of” M.A.D., was now — since it was published by the CFR and not rejected by any influential group — accepted within the U.S. as a goal, “Nuclear Primacy,” which the U.S. government could and should strive for. That idea, of a winnable nuclear war (winnable by the U.S., of course), was no longer heretical, no longer viewed as repugnant. In fact, this article had been introduced and accepted by Harvard University simultaneously in its longer form and simultaneously published by their scholarly journal International Security , which is the leading (it’s the world’s most influential) scholarly journal dealing with that subject, and its title there was “The End of MAD?” . (The periods are customarily removed from the acronym “M.A.D.”, perhaps in order to associate the M.A.D. concept with the pejorative term, insanity. So — at least in the United States — the termination of M.A.D. has always had a favorable ring to it, even before that goal became effectively U.S. policy, which it has been at least ever since 2006.) And no one was saying that Harvard and its journal and the CFR were the ones who were at all “mad” or anything similar, such as “insane.” The aristocracy’s stamp of approval upon the concept of nuclear primacy was clear, from at least 2006 on. Although M.A.D. continued as regards Russia’s side, it no longer remained operative thinking on America’s side. That’s now clear, and this is Russia’s predicament — and the world’s (because a nuclear war involving even just one of the two nuclear superpowers would destroy the world ). U.S. President Barack Obama is putting the goal of nuclear primacy into place, starting with implementation of Ronald Reagan’s proposed “Star Wars” Anti-Ballistic Missile (ABM) defense system, now called the Ballistic Missile Defense (BMD) system, and technically called by the name of its current embodiment: Lockheed Martin’s, Boeing’s, and Raytheon’s, Aegis Ashore system, which Obama first made operational in Romania on 12 May 2016 . It’s designed so as to enable a surprise nuclear attack against Russia in which any missiles that Russia might be able to launch in retaliation will supposedly (if the system works 100%) be annihilated during their launch-phase. Officially , however, its purpose is to defend Europe from being attacked by Iranian missiles. Any public U.S. admission that this ‘defensive’ system is actually preparation for a blitz U.S. nuclear assault on Russia is obviously out of the question. And, obviously, Russians know that Obama is lying and that this is preparation by the U.S. for a blitz nuclear attack against Russia. The West’s ‘news’ media might be such ‘fools’ as not to be aware of that fact, but Putin has made quite clear that he is not, and he is preparing Russia to deal with it. Obama’s action here was made possible by U.S. President George W. Bush’s 2002 unilateral termination of the 1972 Anti-Ballistic-Missile Treaty with Russia’s predecessor, the Soviet Union. Bush rushed forward with Reagan’s “Star Wars” program even despite there having been no successful tests of the necessary technology: the existing technology consistently failed but Bush decided to invest $53 billion of U.S. taxpayers’ money in it . Bush in 2004 received British Prime Minister Tony Blair’s participation and provisioning of locations and facilities to implement the plan , and Bush was also pressing both Poland and the Czech Republic to allow the U.S. to position ABMs there . Obama came into office criticizing the ABM plan and pretending not to be hostile toward Russia. He deceived Vladimir Putin into thinking that Obama sincerely wanted to pursue peace and cooperation with Russia. As soon as Obama became re-elected, his verbal smiling teeth immediately became actual glaring fangs. Then, soon after his regime overthrew in a bloody February 2014 coup the Moscow-friendly democratically elected President of Ukraine, bordering Russia , Russia started in the summer of 2014 to ignore the 1987 Intermediate Nuclear Forces Treaty, because for Washington the next step (beyond Ukraine) clearly now would be Moscow and so all bets were off. The installation of the Aegis Ashore in Romania likewise violates that Treaty , which is one important reason why Obama lies to say that all of the Aegis Ashore facilities will be targeted against Iran — and maybe also North Korea — but never against Russia. The full Aegis Ashore system, which will require several such sites, isn’t yet operational. NATO’s PR-arm the Atlantic Council, has mentioned among the Aegis Ashore’s benefits, that for the next such site, in Poland, “Poland announced in late April that it would buy eight Patriot missile batteries from Virginia-based Raytheon Co. in a deal that could generate at least $2.5 billion in US export content.” The U.S. government officials and their friends who have invested in Raytheon and the other ‘defense’ firms didn’t need to be informed of this by any PR person. They already knew of it from more reliable sources, and perhaps they even have invested in nuclear bunkers for themselves and their friends and their friends’ friends . Lots of money is changing hands during this build-up. Also in 2006, later in that year, specifically on 18 November 2006, was published at Global Research, which is an independent Canadian online international site dealing with geostrategy, a superb summary of the connection that this plan has to America’s string of invasions in the Middle East. It’s titled “Plans for Redrawing the Middle East: The Project for a ‘New Middle East’,” by Mahdi Darius Nazemroaya, who explains: It should be noted that in his book, “The Grand Chessboard: American Primacy and Its Geo-strategic Imperatives,” Zbigniew Brzezinski, a former U.S. National Security Advisor, alluded to the modern Middle East as a control lever of an area he, Brzezinski, calls the Eurasian Balkans. The Eurasian Balkans consists of the Caucasus (Georgia, the Republic of Azerbaijan, and Armenia) and Central Asia (Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, and Tajikistan) and to some extent both Iran and Turkey. Iran and Turkey both form the northernmost tiers of the Middle East (excluding the Caucasus4) that edge into Europe and the former Soviet Union. The Map of the “New Middle East” A relatively unknown map of the Middle East, NATO-garrisoned Afghanistan, and Pakistan has been circulating around strategic, governmental, NATO, policy and military circles since mid-2006. It has been casually allowed to surface in public, maybe in an attempt to build consensus and to slowly prepare the general public for possible, maybe even cataclysmic, changes in the Middle East. This is a map of a redrawn and restructured Middle East identified as the “New Middle East.” MAP OF THE NEW MIDDLE EAST Note: The following map was prepared by Lieutenant-Colonel Ralph Peters. It was published in the Armed Forces Journal in June 2006, Peters is a retired colonel of the U.S. National War Academy. (Map Copyright Lieutenant-Colonel Ralph Peters 2006). Although the map does not officially reflect Pentagon doctrine, it has been used in a training program at NATO’s Defense College for senior military officers. This map, as well as other similar maps, has most probably been used at the National War Academy as well as in military planning circles. Brzezinski’s advocacy of “American Primacy” fits perfectly with the aristocracy’s support of “Nuclear Primacy,” and appeared eight years before it. His 1998 book was seminal also in many other ways. And, as that Nazemroaya article made clear, Brzezinski’s plan was already being put into effect by the U.S. government, even before 2006. However, the person who actually made the seminal decision behind all of this, the decision to conquer Russia, was U.S. President George Herbert Walker Bush, on the night of 24 February 1990, just before the Soviet Union ended. He was the person who decided that after the USSR and its Warsaw Pact terminated, NATO would continue that cold war until Russia has been surrounded by U.S. allies, who are Russia’s enemies, when Russia will ultimately either surrender or else be destroyed by the U.S. and its friends. Even if Russia assumes that any such nuclear war would be M.A.D., the government of the U.S. no longer does. That’s Russia’s predicament — and the world’s . However, military planners in the U.S. and its vassal nations, do not include in their calculations the world: the impacts that such nuclear winter and all the rest will have if their dream of ‘nuclear primacy’ amounts to anything more than merely the vicious hoax that it is. This fact, of their ignoring the world, is scandalous — against our military planners. They are so obsessed with ‘victory’, that they are willing to participate in this false and potentially mega-catastrophic dream, of ‘nuclear primacy’. Unless and until nuclear weapons are totally eliminated (which might never happen), their constructive function, of preventing WW III, must continue, not end as a result of ‘nuclear primacy’ and other such lies and delusions. However, the ‘news’ media, especially in ‘The West’, are not pointing out those lies and distortions, but instead reinforcing them. If there is to be a WW III, it will end the world . That is the key fact, which is ignored by ‘The West’s’ military planners. NATO needs to end now, just as the Warsaw Pact did in 1991 — when an indecent, oligarchic , ‘The West’ continued the Cold War despite the Warsaw Pact’s end, and now is making it hot.",0
13086,CIA Director Mike Pompeo: Venezuela’s Arms Proliferation Is a ’Real Threat’ to America,"CIA Director Mike Pompeo told senators Thursday that he believed Venezuelan government and criminally owned weapons could end up in the hands of terrorist organizations and drug cartels, creating an “incredibly real and serious” danger to the region. [Pompeo testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee on an array of international threats to the United States and the Western Hemisphere generally. During his testimony, Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) asked about Venezuela specifically, noting that the socialist regime has armed gangs, known as colectivos, to use them to threaten and attack dissidents. “We all are aware of the Maduro regime’s cozy relationship with Hezbollah, with the FARC, which is a designated terrorist organization, and links to ” Rubio noted, asking whether the proliferation of weapons given to colectivos is a “real threat. ”  “Senator, it is a real threat,” Pompeo replied. “As we have all seen, the situation in Venezuela continues to deteriorate, Maduro gets more desperate by the hour. The risk of these colectivos acting in a way that is not under his control increases as time goes on as well. ” “There are plenty of weapons running around in Venezuela. And this risk is incredibly real and serious and ultimate threat to South America and Central America in addition to just in Venezuela,” he added. While noting the threat to the immediate region surrounding Venezuela, weapons in the hands of groups like the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) who participate in continental drug trafficking, and Mexican drug cartels that operate near the American border could also threaten to harm the national security of the United States. Pompeo noted that no evidence exists that the Nicolás Maduro socialist regime sells weapons to these groups. Venezuela is known to have close ties to the FARC and Hezbollah, with FARC leader “Timochenko” exiled in Havana extending his support to Maduro in April. The Venezuelan Chavista regime has long kept close ties to Hezbollah’s main patron, Iran, and has reportedly issued passports to Syrian, Iranian, and other   nationals affiliated with Hezbollah. The U. S. Treasury has designated Venezuela’s vice president, Tareck el Aissami, a known “drug kingpin” for ties to both the FARC and Hezbollah, as well as other regional cocaine trafficking outlets. In the Worldwide Threat Assessment of the U. S. Intelligence Community published by the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) this week, the DNI notes that Venezuela is currently facing a “collapsing economy” and volatile political situation that threatens to create a regional threat. “The unpopular government charges that the opposition is waging an economic war and trying to stage a political coup and will probably ratchet up repression to maintain power,” the report notes. “Shortages of food, medicine, and basic supplies will probably continue to stoke tensions through 2017. ”   people have died in the latest wave of protests within the past month, including individuals who were not protesting but were asphyxiated by   tear gas in their own homes. Protests erupted in March following an attempt by the   Supreme Court to install itself as the nation’s Congress. In response to the protests, Maduro declared in April that he will be handing out free firearms to at least 400, 000 of his supporters to form colectivos and seeks to arm one million socialists. Private ownership of firearms is banned in Venezuela, leaving only criminals and soldiers armed in one of the world’s deadliest countries. In 2014, Maduro opened “disarmament centers” to encourage the few civilians possessing weapons and not affiliated with the government to disarm voluntarily. The Venezuelan government also possesses hundreds of Russian      missiles and 400, 000   and   mines, which experts fear could fall into the hands of terrorists should Maduro lose power. Former President Barack Obama declared Venezuela a national security threat to the United States in 2015, a move that Maduro claimed was the first step to an   invasion of the Latin American country.",0
13087,FUNNY! SNL’S SOLUTION To Democrat Election Denial: “Safe Space For Everyone” [Video],"Go to Article In The Bubble, life continues for progressive Americans as if the election never happened… Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!",0
13088,"African migrants in Venice reject pasta, demand designer clothes","Print 
[Ed. – It does seem a bit thoughtless of the Italians, to have not at least arranged to clothe the migrants from the couture designers’ off-the-rack lines.] 
African migrants who took the streets in protest and blocked traffic in Venice this week have been demanding designer clothes, the president of the Cooperativa Sociale Onlus has revealed. 
Lorenzo Chinalleto, whose cooperative hosts migrants at the Hotel Byron in the Venice province, said migrants respond with displeasure when receiving clothes from Catholic charity Caritas and other charitable bodies, because the goods are unbranded. 
He explained: “Unfortunately they come to Italy with the asylum reception systems of northern Europe as a model. When they arrived we gave them clothes, standard clothes. 
“But they want brand-name clothes like Armani and Boss, and they asked for Pirelli shoes. These are their models. When they came to us, they didn’t have clothes, but they all had smartphones,” the Italian added . 
Forty of the migrants hosted at the Hotel Byron took to the streets to express their dissatisfaction, blocking the traffic. In a video taken outside the hotel on Monday protesters can be seen shouting, in English, that they don’t want to eat pasta. The migrants originate mostly from Senegal, Nigeria, Somalia, Mali and Ghana, Il Gazzettino reported .",0
13089,Huma Abedin's Screening Process for Hillary Visitors Raises 'Pay for Play' Questions,"Getty - Andrew Theodorakis 
As more and more internal emails and documents show up through Wikileaks and other sources, America has seen the curtain pulled back dramatically on the current state of politics. 
In one of the most recent emails that the Daily Caller obtained through Citizens United, the receding curtain shed more light on Hillary Clinton's tenure as Secretary of State. 
The email exchange, dated December 4, 2012, began with a request from Paul McElearney — head of member development at the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) — to Huma Abedin. He wanted to meet face-to-face with Clinton during his trip to Ireland a few days later. 
In addition, McElearney asked Abedin if Clinton would meet with four others — two of whom were CGI sponsors. Abedin forwarded his request to Bill Clinton aides Doug Band, Jon Davidson, and Justin Cooper, and asked if they had ties to CGI: Image Credit: State Dept/Citizens United via The Daily Caller 
Abedin asked Clinton's aides: 
“Are these legit CGI people? I know Denis O'Brian but not the others. Everyone is asking to see her.” 
Davidson responded by confirming that two of the names on the list — O'Brian and Michael Carey — were connected to CGI, but that the other two names on the list were not. 
Another email obtained by Citizens United showed Bill Clinton aide Doug Band asking Abedin to invite an executive from the Dow Chemicals Japanese office (to whom both Band and Clinton were connected financially) to a State Department meeting between Hillary Clinton and the Japanese Prime Minister: Image Credit: State Department/Citizens United via The Daily Caller 
This is not the first time that Abedin has been implicated in Clinton's alleged efforts to leverage her position in the State Department to the financial advantage of CGI. 
Judicial Watch obtained a series of emails between Clinton aides Doug Band and Huma Abedin that detailed a number of times when people who donated or were connected to CGI were granted special or expedited access to Clinton while she served in the State Department. 
Among the most notable exchanges involved Crown Prince Salman of Bahrain, who had attempted access through normal channels and was denied. But Judicial Watch reported that everything changed once a donation was made: 
""Included among the Abedin-Band emails is an exchange revealing that when Crown Prince Salman of Bahrain requested a meeting with Secretary of State Clinton, he was forced to go through the Clinton Foundation for an appointment. 
Abedin advised Band that when she went through 'normal channels' at State, Clinton declined to meet. After Band intervened, however, the meeting was set up within forty-eight hours. 
According to the Clinton Foundation website, in 2005, Salman committed to establishing the Crown Prince’s International Scholarship Program (CPISP) for the Clinton Global Initiative. And by 2010, it had contributed $32 million to CGI. 
The Kingdom of Bahrain reportedly gave between $50,000 and $100,000 to the Clinton Foundation. And Bahrain Petroleum also gave an additional $25,000 to $50,000."" 
Abedin also revealed, in an email obtained by Wikileaks , a direct “pay-for-play” exchange involving CGI and the king of Morocco — just weeks after Clinton had announced her run for the presidency. Fox News reported on the link: 
“Abedin wrote that 'this was HRC's idea' for her to speak at a meeting of the Clinton Global Initiative in Morocco in May 2015 as an explicit condition for the $12 million commitment from the king.” 
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook stalled and attempted to redirect when he was asked about this exchange in a recent interview with Fox News's Chris Wallace. ",0
13090,"Steve Bannon, Kushner, Priebus Unite to Fight Deep State Sabotage","Jonathan Swan reports that White House Chief Strategist and former Breitbart News executive Steve Bannon is “united by a common enemy” with his more moderate and liberal peers: WH Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Senior Adviser Jared Kushner, respectively. [Bannon, Priebus, and Kushner are fighting back against federal bureaucrats trying to take down President Donald Trump through via damaging leaks and collusion with   journalists, the article states.  From Axios: The escalating crisis surrounding the Russia investigation (with reports last night on FBI interest in Jared Kushner) looks like good news for somebody in the White House: Steve Bannon. Nine sources in the West Wing and within Trump’s close orbit said the Russia situation is Bannon’s shot at redemption. He’s being described as a “wartime consigliere” relishing a fight against the “deep state,” media, Democrats and investigators. Why it matters: Bannon had been on very rocky footing recently (to the extent that the President has vented to a number of people about him) but the bolstering of the White House team to respond to the outside crises is a joint effort led by Kushner, Bannon and Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, two sources said. The senior staff that had been out for each other is now united by a common enemy.   …     [Among Swan’s reasons “why Bannon allies say he’s made for this crisis”:] At Breitbart he ran a   war against the mainstream media  —   one of the two identified enemies for Trump currently (the other is the “deep state,” which the team expects will keep leaking against Trump). Read the rest of the story here.",0
13091,Migrants flee to nearby port towns after Calais camp shuts down,"16 mins ago 0 Views 0 Comments 0 Likes Drone footage shows the devastation caused by twin earthquakes that rocked Borgo Sant'Antonio, near Visso, which left buildings reduced to rubble or partially collapsed. Central Italy was struck twice in quick succession the previous day, with the first tremor hitting it at around 19:11 local time (17:11 GMT). The quake measured 5.5 on the Richter scale and could be felt as far as Rome some 240 km (149 miles). Shortly after a second quake of 6.1-magnitude, struck at around 21:18 local time (19:18 GMT). Buildings were shaking, some parts even caving in, and residents fled into the street to save themselves. Several dozen people have been treated across the region for light injuries, while four are said to have been seriously hurt. COURTESY: RT's RUPTLY video agency, NO RE-UPLOAD, NO REUSE - FOR LICENSING, PLEASE, CONTACT http://ruptly.tv   Subscribe   Like     Leave a Reply Login with your Social ID Your email address will not be published. Name",0
13092,James Comey’s Rebuke of Hillary Clinton Fits a 3-Decade Pattern - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Shortly after Hillary Clinton was interviewed on Saturday by agents at the F. B. I. ’s headquarters, its director, James B. Comey, heard from his deputies that Mrs. Clinton had been truthful and forthcoming in the      meeting. Mr. Comey, who had been regularly briefed on the progress of the yearlong investigation into Mrs. Clinton’s email account as secretary of state, had known for some time that his agents had not uncovered enough evidence to charge her or anyone else with a crime. Now, with the interview done, he told his deputies, according to F. B. I. officials, that he wanted to move forward with a plan he had been working on for months to explain the findings from such a politically contentious investigation to the public. And he did not wait to do it. At 11 a. m. on Tuesday, Mr. Comey walked into a conference room on the first floor of the F. B. I. ’s headquarters, where he stood behind a lectern for 15 minutes and laid out in clinical detail how Mrs. Clinton’s use of the account was “extremely careless. ” But, he said, the bureau would recommend to the Justice Department that she not be charged with a crime because his investigators had found no clear evidence that Mrs. Clinton had intentionally broken the law. The careful approach to publicly explaining his thinking fit a pattern for Mr. Comey, who, throughout his three decades as a law enforcement official, has refused to shy away from politically fraught issues. While he was immediately praised by some for his candor and transparency, it did not insulate him from criticism from both Republicans and Democrats, as well as some legal experts. Republicans contended that Mr. Comey had rushed the decision to clear Mrs. Clinton before the bureau had time to digest what she had said in the interview, and that his decision came suspiciously close to Attorney General Loretta Lynch’s impromptu meeting with former President Bill Clinton only a week before. They said Mr. Comey’s own description of the F. B. I. ’s findings on Tuesday was enough evidence to file criminal charges. “This defies logic,” said Representative Robert W. Goodlatte, the Virginia Republican who leads the House Judiciary Committee. Mr. Goodlatte said he had spoken with Mr. Comey immediately after his announcement to express his concerns. Later Tuesday, Mr. Goodlatte sent Mr. Comey a letter demanding answers to eight pointed questions about the handling of the investigation and the implication for future inquiries. Robert Cattanach, a former Justice Department lawyer who now works in private practice in Chicago on cybersecurity and other issues, said it was puzzling for Mr. Comey not to seek criminal charges after laying out significant evidence of serious security breaches. “This decision will not enhance the credibility of the F. B. I. or the director,” he said, given the amount of evidence the agency uncovered about mishandled, classified information. Mrs. Clinton’s supporters and other Democrats contended that Mr. Comey had talked too much, saying it was not fair for him to have laid out the details in a case in which she will not be charged. “He has essentially put himself in the place of judge,” Matthew Miller, a former senior official in the Obama Justice Department who supports Mrs. Clinton, said in a telephone interview. He added, “He’s clearing her, but he’s smearing her at the same time, and the department’s rules prevent that kind of thing from happening. ” “What Director Comey did today was appalling,” Mr. Miller said. He added that the F. B. I. should be laying out its investigative findings in court when prosecutors actually bring a case, not at a televised news conference where charges are not being sought. But Thomas DiBiagio, a Washington lawyer who worked closely with Mr. Comey when both were federal prosecutors at the Justice Department in the Bush administration, said the unusual public nature of the announcement showed Mr. Comey’s willingness to “take the hit” on a controversial decision. “This was a   for him,” Mr. DiBiagio said. “There’s no way he was going to please everyone on this one. Had he decided to recommend charging her, he would have been heavily criticized and scrutinized, and in the decision today, he’s clearly being heavily criticized and scrutinized, too. So he stood up there and said, ‘I’m going to take the criticism.’ That’s what an F. B. I. director does. ” Mr. Comey’s announcement also served to take the spotlight off Ms. Lynch, who was widely criticized after she met Mr. Clinton on her plane in Arizona last week and after she said on Friday that she would defer to the F. B. I. and to prosecutors about whether to bring charges. As deputy attorney general in the George W. Bush administration, Mr. Comey was at the center of a dramatic dispute with administration officials in 2004, when he refused to reauthorize a secret National Security Agency wiretapping program put into place after the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks. Mr. Comey believed parts of the warrantless wiretapping program might have been illegal. That led to a showdown in a Washington hospital room, where Attorney General John Ashcroft was ill. Two of Mr. Bush’s top aides, Andrew H. Card Jr. and Alberto R. Gonzales, were trying to pressure Mr. Ashcroft to sign the order. Mr. Comey met with Mr. Bush the next day about the episode, and he and more than a dozen other officials threatened to resign over what they saw as a usurpation of power by White House officials. Mr. Comey’s testimony about the episode before a Senate committee three years later was the stuff of a Hollywood film, as he described racing to the hospital in an F. B. I. car with sirens blaring to try to get to the attorney general’s room before Mr. Card and Mr. Gonzales. In his congressional testimony, Mr. Comey described the events as “the most difficult of my professional career. ” “I was angry,” Mr. Comey told the committee. “I had just witnessed an effort to take advantage of a very sick man, who did not have the powers of the attorney general because they had been transferred to me. I thought he had conducted himself in a way that demonstrated a strength I had never seen before, but still I thought it was improper. ” President Obama appointed Mr. Comey in 2013 to head the F. B. I. but Mr. Comey has not shied away from clashing with the administration. Last October, Mr. Comey gave a speech in which he said that additional scrutiny and criticism of police officers after several highly publicized episodes of police brutality might have led to an increase in violent crime in some cities because officers had become less aggressive. “I’ve been told by a senior police leader who urged his force to remember that their political leadership has no tolerance for a viral video,” Mr. Comey said in his speech, adding that many leaders and police officers to whom he had spoken said they were afraid to address the issue publicly. The speech angered senior White House officials, who contended that Mr. Comey had no evidence to back up his claims and that he was undermining their efforts to overhaul the criminal justice system. Just days after the speech, Mr. Comey met with Mr. Obama in the Oval Office to discuss their views, but he has continued to voice his opinion on the topic  —   even as White House officials have maintained there is little evidence to support his views.",0
13093,Nusra Front Launches New Offensive Around Syria’s Aleppo,"Offensive Aims to Reopen Supply Lines to Nusra-Held East by Jason Ditz, October 28, 2016 Share This 
With al-Qaeda’s Nusra Front losing territory in recent weeks around Aleppo, and seeing their main stronghold in the city’s east increasingly surrounded, the group and some of its allies have launched a new offensive south of the city aimed at opening the supply lines back up. 
Clashes have been reported throughout the day in several areas around government-held western Aleppo , with the attackers coming from further west, likely reinforcements from Nusra’s main territory, the Idlib Province. Locals described substantial fighting. 
This has been a recurring feature in the battle over Aleppo since 2012, but particularly over the past several months, with each side getting a sizeable advantage only to lose it to a sudden counterattack from the other, leaving the civilian population trapped within. 
Over the past few weeks, however, it had seemed like Aleppo was really going to be reunified by the military, with Nusra forces on their heels and Russia feeling confident enough to put their airstrikes on hold. Russian President Vladimir Putin has ordered the ceasefire to continue, despite calls from the military to resume attacks. 
Exactly how far the latest offensive has gotten is a major of debate, with Nusra claiming they’d captured a suburb that amounts to the whole southwestern corner of Aleppo, and government officials denying that they’d lost anywhere near so much. As usual, it will take some time for this to shake out and become clear what territory changed hands. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
13094,Obama’s Brother Malik Supports Trump AND Wants Obama To Pardon Julian Assange,"We Are Change 
Obama’s brother from Kenya, Malik, wants him to Pardon Julian Assange. It seems hate of the international whistle-blower Organization doesn’t run in the family. Malik told Obama, via twitter, “brother please pardon Julian Assange! All he is doing is freeing emails.”
@POTUS brother please pardon Julian Assange! All he is doing is freeing emails
— Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 26, 2016 

Something that based Obama said himself was that he was for more transparency in government, but that was Obama before he was in office for a few years, that was campaign Obama. Then during his first term he said this about transparency and the truth:
“The only people who don’t want to disclose the truth are people with something to hide.” ~Barack Obama

Those promises were just that, promises, like every year we get together and pretend voting is going to change something; and listen to candidates feed us bull shit when every year election fraud has been the centralized problem that subverts democracy like the plague.
And now we have potentially the worst two “choices” for presidential history; both have a corrupt past. We the American people are being asked to forgive one of these two people: Donald Trump for his potentially corrupt deals with the mafia, or Hillary with her long list of corruption since Arkansas in the 1980s, which has expanded since Wikileaks began leaking John Podesta’s emails, confirming that Donald Trump’s nickname “Crooked Hillary” was accurate. Hillary Clinton has cronies in power already; the other, new to politics and a former entertainer and businessman, is Donald Trump. One, Russian President Vladimir Putin has said, if voted in, we are going to war; the other, he said there would be peace.
The emails that wikileaks has been releasing have revealed a multitude of corruption revelations behind both the Clinton Campaign, exposing Hillary Clinton’s character and demeanor itself. Exposing her pay-to-play schemes as Secretary of State, lies to the American public on issues while in secret taking “big donations” for speeches, the opposite of what she says she supports, and something she calls a “public and private opinion” on issues, which most logical people would call lying and deceiving voters.
Obama, himself, lied for Hillary and said he didn’t know about the private server which Wikileaks has exposed. Obama was sending emails back and forth to Hillary’s email address proving that he did indeed know about the server and that the email she was using wasn’t a state.gov-provided email account.
So Obama’s brother wants him to forget about all that, the Cablegate scandal which, again, Hillary Clinton was apart of, and more? To say the least, Wikileaks and its founding owner Julian Assange have a long rap sheet with the Obama administration. They have crossed paths many times and Malik wants Barack to just forget about it. That’s unlikely but, hey, it’s the thought that counts, right?
In another twist of fate Malik Obama also supports Donald Trump sporting the # Africans4Trump hashtag in his twitter bio, complete with Donald Trump’s signature hashtag #MAGA. He also has a series of tweets that are saying most of what every other normal American, without a President as a brother, is saying, “This election looks rigged.” That’s right Obama’s brother believes in the dreaded chupacabra election fraud monster that visits every 4 years, just another thing that sets him apart from his brother.
He additionally mocked Hillary’s pay-to-play scandal tweeting the 100K check he was accidentally sent by a mogul in Tehran . I wonder if Malik has seen the Project Veritas videos ?
Do not let my brother rig the election @realDonaldTrump 
— Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 26, 2016 
America always lectures Afrika about elections but this election looks rigged! Vote Trump anyway
— Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 27, 2016 
Do not cheat Colorado or New Hampshire. I will know and I will be mad
— Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 27, 2016 

Obama also hates Trump so are we sure these two are really related? Someone get Maury for a DNA test. Apparently Malik also wonders if they are related sometimes too.
Well they are half-brothers so that may explain the chemical imbalance in the force some what..
All I know is that my brother has done nothing for the Kenyan side of his family. I wonder if we are related sometimes.
— Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 25, 2016 

Wikileaks additionally in a nod to Malik, tweeted out “Assange & Kenya’s background” with a link to “The looting of Kenya under President Moi.” 
President Obama's brother calls for @POTUS to pardon Assange https://t.co/BjtaY2wrJ1 
Assange & Kenya, background: https://t.co/BQ8EqCXTqD 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 26, 2016 

 
 
 
The post Obama’s Brother Malik Supports Trump AND Wants Obama To Pardon Julian Assange appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
13095,The Quiet Revolution: Fed Up British Middle Classes Backing Brexit,"MILTON KEYNES (UNITED KINGDOM) (AFP)  —    It’s got money, jobs and it voted Brexit: the town of Milton Keynes near London represents a slice of   voters fed up with a political elite ignoring their concerns. [Just as in the United States, it was not just struggling   workers fed up with the flip side of globalisation who rebelled last year.  “We continually underestimate the silent majority,” said Richard Heffernan, an expert in government at The Open University, which was set up in Milton Keynes shortly after the town was established in 1967. Three days after the inauguration of billionaire property tycoon Donald Trump as US president on January 20, the town will celebrate its 50th anniversary. Enjoying some of the best employment and growth rates in Britain, Milton Keynes could have been fertile ground for those backing the status quo in Britain’s 2016 vote on whether to stay in the European Union. But the   town voted by 51 percent for Britain to leave the bloc, closely mirroring the   vote split across the country. Alongside the state of the economy, Britons who voted to leave the EU said their two other motivating factors were the influx of East European immigrants and the importance of national sovereignty. In Milton Keynes, the latter seemed to dominate. “It was not so much immigration as sovereignty and accountability,”    retired nurse Diana Miller said of her Leave vote as she toured an exhibition to mark the town’s anniversary. In the 1975 referendum on Britain’s entry into what was then the European Economic Community, “we voted for the common market, not a loss of sovereignty,” she said. “We are a powerful country, we value our independence. ”  —   ‘Bang on the money’  —   The townsfolk put their concerns over the EU directly to then prime minister David Cameron in a television special four days before the June 23 referendum. Voters quizzed Cameron on immigration, the possibility of Turkish accession to the bloc and the idea of spending more money on the National Health Service (NHS) instead of the EU budget. The Brexit result exposed a gulf between   metropolitan types and the     north, just as the US vote revealed divisions between city liberals and rural conservatives. Yet in both countries, it was quiet support in those places in between that really made the difference. “As the nation goes, so goes Milton Keynes,” said Heffernan. “It’s moderate, centrist, and since 1997 it has been an electoral bellwether, in the same way as Ohio in the United States. “In terms of Brexit, it was bang on the money. ” But the depth of its euroscepticism did not set alarm bells ringing for the establishment, despite political parties spending years doing focus groups in Milton Keynes, seen it as a microcosm of public opinion. “A lot of people who study politics and analyse it are part of a metropolitan elite,” Heffernan told AFP. “The liberal elite’s inability to represent many people was held against them. ” Following the Brexit and Trump votes there are now a plethora of   movements in Europe seeking to rise up against urban and political elites, as well as against Brussels, and “return” their countries to the struggling middle classes.  —   Boomtown backs Brexit  —   The   story of Milton Keynes is being told in an exhibition entitled “A New City Comes To Life” which is located in the main shopping centre. Built as a 1960s futuristic vision, its   layout is unique in Britain and its   boulevards were   for the motor age. Sited in the prosperous southeast of England, its major local employers include Spanish bank Santander and German carmakers Volkswagen and  . It has seen the highest jobs growth of any British city, up 18 percent between 2004 and 2013. Milton   Katherine Moore, 31, who is qualified in catering but off work while looking after her baby, said: “There’s always good job opportunities here. If you’re trained in those fields, there’s so much work. I will never leave. “The only reason I voted out was the NHS. But we need the foreign people, they built it up. ” Heffernan said it was alienation, not apathy, that stirred hitherto silent centrists into backing Brexit and Trump. “It applies to   professionals as much as to people who hammer metal,” he said. “Politicians are now like rabbits caught in the headlights. They’re aware the guy driving at them doesn’t like them  —   and they don’t know what to do. ”",0
13096,Colorado Voters on the Verge of Keeping Slavery Exception in State Constitution - The New York Times,"Surely, even in these fractured times, just about everyone could agree on an antislavery measure. Right? Lawmakers in Colorado unanimously agreed to put a question onto the Nov. 8 ballot, asking if voters would like to remove an archaic reference to slavery in the state’s Constitution that allows it as a punishment for crime. There was virtually no public opposition or campaign against the amendment, which was supported by Republicans and Democrats. Newspapers editorialized in favor, and activists considered it a slam dunk. What could go wrong? As it turns out, plenty. As of Thursday afternoon, votes were still being counted  —   but the effort looked as if it was doomed to defeat, with the “no” votes leading the “yes” votes by more than 35, 000 with almost 2. 4 million votes cast. A recount is possible. Was it a hidden racist vote? Could more than a million people in Colorado really be in favor of keeping a slavery loophole? Activists and lawmakers bewildered by the defeat say the answer may be much more simple: Voters say they were disoriented by a mouthful of a ballot question, leaving them unsure what “yes” and “no” actually meant. The   question read: “Shall there be an amendment to the Colorado Constitution concerning the removal of the exception to the prohibition of slavery and involuntary servitude when used as a punishment for persons duly convicted of a crime?” “I think people were confused by the language,” said Representative Joe Salazar, a Democrat who sponsored the bipartisan legislation to put the question on the ballot. “I don’t think this was a pushback at all by individuals saying they wanted slavery in the Constitution. I just think the language was too confusing. ” The punishment exception was referring to prison labor when it was written in 1876, but constitutional law experts say it is now unnecessary because of current labor practices. “Many people thought, ‘If I vote yes, I’m voting to put this language in the Constitution,’ because it seemed inconceivable that it was already there,” said Melissa Hart, a professor at the University of Colorado Law School. Even   lawyers Ms. Hart spoke with were surprised to learn that not only was the language in the state’s Constitution, but it also remains in the 13th Amendment of the United States Constitution, which abolished slavery when it was ratified in 1865. It states: “Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction. ” The language goes back even further  —   to when the United States territory was expanding. Both the Northwest Ordinance in 1787 and the Missouri Compromise in 1820 prohibited slavery but carved out the same exception for criminal punishment. At the time, labor camps in prisons were common as a way to rehabilitate criminals, Professor Hart said. Since the prisoners were working without payment, it was considered a form of indentured servitude. But in the current day, the idea that there could be any situations in which slavery would be allowed did not sit well with activists. “It just shouldn’t be a Colorado value,” said William Dickerson, a community activist with Together Colorado, a   organization that led the campaign to remove the language. “It shouldn’t be in the bedrock of our founding document, both on the state level and on the national level. ” Activists said the effort might also have been hurt by a state voter guide that was mailed to every registered voter, which was required to list arguments for and against the amendment. It said the change could “result in legal uncertainty around current offender work practices in the state. ” That was a “  argument” that was concocted to meet the legal standard for having an argument against it, but few people were genuinely concerned, Mr. Salazar said. Nonetheless, some voters could have been persuaded by it, he said. The voter guide also said that 25 states did not have language related to slavery in their constitutions, and that those states had had no issues with their prison work and community service programs. “Removing the language reflects fundamental values of freedom and equality, and makes an important symbolic statement,” it said. Though stunned by the apparent defeat, those supporting the change are vowing to get the question on a ballot again  —   next time, with simpler language. “We’re going to do it again,” Mr. Salazar said. “We’re going to make sure we finally rid the Constitution of that language. ”",0
13097,NRA Admits It Deceived Public – Says President Obama Never Could Have Confiscated Guns (VIDEO),"Proud Shares 
The NRA’s magazine acknowledged that President Obama “really hasn’t had the opportunity to” confiscate firearms, undercutting years of fearmongering about the supposed existence of a “ massive Obama conspiracy ” to dismantle the Second Amendment and take guns away. 
The NRA’s admission that a president can’t confiscate guns because “Congress writes the laws, not the president” also demonstrates the implausibility of repeated recent claims from the NRA that link Hillary Clinton to gun confiscation. 
The admission was included in a June 9 article for NRA magazine America’s 1st Freedom which took issue with how Obama “rudely” responded to a question from a gun store owner at a recent town hall event. 
The article quoted Obama as telling the questioner, “I’m about to leave office. There have been more guns sold since I’ve been president than just about any time in U.S. history. There are enough guns for every man, woman and child in this country. And at no point have I ever proposed confiscating guns from responsible gun owners. So it is just not true.” 
Responding to Obama’s statement, the article acknowledged, “Now, [the gun store owner]could have interrupted the president to mention that Obama really hasn’t had the opportunity to do that. Congress writes the laws, not the president”: 
Rhude didn’t sit down after asking his question. Rather, he stood silently as President Obama didn’t even try to answer his question, but instead went off on a defensive tirade: “First of all, the notion that I or Hillary or Democrats or whoever you want to choose are hell-bent on taking away folks’ guns is just not true. And I don’t care how many times the NRA says it.” 
Obama then said, “I’m about to leave office. There have been more guns sold since I’ve been president than just about any time in U.S. history. There are enough guns for every man, woman and child in this country. And at no point have I ever proposed confiscating guns from responsible gun owners. So it is just not true.” 
Now, Rhude could have interrupted the president to mention that Obama really hasn’t had the opportunity to do that. Congress writes the laws, not the president. He could then have listed the many attacks on the right to bear arms — from Operation Fast and Furious to Operation Choke Point to Obama’s attempted ban on common ammunition for AR-15-type rifles to his using a “pen and phone” to push anti-gun executive actions. But Rhude respectfully stayed silent. 
Claims about gun confiscation and Obama have been the NRA’s bread and butter for the past eight years . More recently, the NRA has suggested that the election of Clinton could lead to gun confiscation for law-abiding Americans. 
Read in full on Media Matters for America: NRA Admits It: “Obama Really Hasn’t Had The Opportunity To” Confiscate Guns 
",0
13098,"Kim Jong-nam Was Killed by VX Nerve Agent, Malaysians Say - The New York Times","KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia  —   The poison used to kill Kim   the half brother of the North Korean leader Kim   was VX nerve agent, which is listed as a chemical weapon, the Malaysian police announced Friday. In a brief statement, Khalid Abu Bakar, the national police chief, said the substance was listed as a chemical weapon under the Chemical Weapons Conventions of 1997 and 2005, to which North Korea is not a party. South Korea has suggested that the killing was the work of the North Korean government. The revelation that a banned weapon was used in such a   killing raises the stakes over how Malaysia and the international community will respond. VX nerve agent can be delivered in two compounds that are mixed at the last moment to create a lethal dose. The police say that two women approached Mr. Kim at the airport with the poison on their hands and rubbed it on his face one after the other. Samples were taken from Mr. Kim’s skin and eyes. The poison was identified in a preliminary analysis by the Center for Chemical Weapons Analysis of the Chemistry Department of Malaysia, Mr. Khalid said. The Chemical Weapons Convention bans the use and stockpiling of chemical weapons, and North Korea is among the world’s largest possessors of such weapons. In 2014, the South Korean Defense Ministry said the North had stockpiled 2, 500 to 5, 000 tons of chemical weapons and had a capacity to produce a variety of biological weapons. (The North has conducted five nuclear tests since 2006.) VX is part of a family of nerve agents created decades ago during research into pesticides. It is tasteless and odorless and kills by causing uncontrollable muscle contractions, which eventually stop the victim from breathing. A dose of about 10 milligrams is enough to kill by skin contact, according to the Federation of American Scientists. Several world powers, including the United States and the former Soviet Union, once had large stockpiles of the nerve agent. American stores of VX were destroyed under the Chemical Weapons Convention of 1997, with incineration completed in 2012. In 1994 and 1995, the Japanese cult Aum Shinrikyo used homemade VX to attack three people, one of whom died. North Korea is estimated to have a chemical weapons production capability of up to 4, 500 metric tons during a typical year and 12, 000 tons during a period of extended crisis. It is widely reported to possess a large arsenal of chemical weapons, including mustard, phosgene and sarin gas, a United States Congressional Research Service report said last year. The announcement by Malaysia’s police chief came just a day after North Korea denied any responsibility for Mr. Kim’s death, accusing the Malaysian authorities of fabricating evidence of Pyongyang’s involvement under the influence of South Korea. With the North’s reclusive government on the defensive about the Feb. 13 killing of Mr. Kim, the estranged half brother of Kim   at the airport for the Malaysian capital, Kuala Lumpur, a statement attributed to the North Korean Jurists Committee said the greatest share of responsibility for the death “rests with the government of Malaysia” because Kim   died there. And in what could be seen as a threat to Malaysia, the statement noted that North Korea is a “nuclear weapons state. ” But in a case that has been filled with mysteries and odd plot twists, North Korea still would not acknowledge that the man killed was indeed Kim  . And it gave no indication that it would agree to Malaysia’s demands to question a senior staff member at the North Korean Embassy in Kuala Lumpur in the investigation into Mr. Kim’s death. Relatives and acquaintances of the two women Malaysia has accused of carrying out the killing, by applying poison to   ’s face as North Korean agents looked on, insisted they must have been duped into doing so, though the Malaysian authorities say otherwise. “I don’t believe Huong did such a thing,” said Doan Van Thanh, father of Doan Thi Huong, 28, a Vietnamese woman being held in Malaysia. “She was a very timid girl. When she saw a rat or frog, she would scream. ” Mr. Thanh, 63, said he had seen little of his daughter recently. He said she left the family’s home, in a village south of Hanoi, at 17 to attend community college, where she studied to be a pharmacist. She later left Vietnam to work in Malaysia without telling her family and rarely visited, Mr. Thanh said. When she returned home in January for the Tet holiday, he said, she stayed only a few days. On Thursday in Nghia Binh, Ms. Huong’s hometown, her brother, Doan Van Binh, said that she posted on Facebook under the alias Ruby Ruby. Her Facebook photographs and the attached location information appear to show that she had visited Malaysia twice since January, and her Facebook friends include several people who write in Korean. Mr. Binh said that Ms. Huong had also appeared in a singing contest on the television show “Vietnam Idol” in 2016. In a short video clip, a panel of judges rejected Ms. Huong after she sang just one line: “I want to stop breathing gloriously so that the loving memory will not fade. ” North Korea has called for the release of Ms. Huong, an Indonesian woman and a North Korean man who are being held by Malaysia in connection with the death of Mr. Kim. The statement on Thursday from the Jurists Committee was cited by the   Korean Central News Agency, in the first comment on the killing from the North’s official news media. The statement accused the Malaysian authorities of pursuing a case “full of loopholes and contradictions” that proved that its investigators “intended to frame us. ” It said Malaysia had done so under South Korean influence. The statement said Malaysia’s Foreign Ministry and the local hospital first told the North Korean Embassy in Kuala Lumpur that Mr. Kim had died of “heart stroke,” asking North Korea to take the body and cremate it. But Malaysian officials’ attitude began changing after the South Korean news media, citing anonymous sources, reported that Mr. Kim had been poisoned, according to the North Korean statement. “The Malaysian secret police got involved in the case and recklessly made it an established fact” that the death had been a poisoning, according to the North Korean statement, which did not refer to Mr. Kim by name. The statement questioned how Ms. Huong and the Indonesian suspect in the killing, Siti Aisyah, 25, had survived if, as Malaysian officials said, they had used their hands to apply a deadly poison.",0
13099,‘Silent Fear’: Party of Davos Founder Plans Emergency D.C. Meeting to Discuss How to Handle Donald Trump - Breitbart,"The World Economic Forum’s annual gathering of globalist political, financial and cultural elitists is underway in Davos, Switzerland, but the organization’s founder is planning an emergency Washington, D. C. meeting in 2017 for worried elites worldwide to discuss how to deal with   Donald J. Trump. [“The World Economic Forum is listening to Donald Trump,” Bloomberg’s Stephen Morris and Erik Schatzker wrote on Sunday. “The organization will convene a special meeting in Washington this year to discuss issues raised during the  ’s campaign and the populist wave that swept him to victory, WEF founder Klaus Schwab told Bloomberg Television on Sunday. The gathering will explore U. S. investment and   opportunities for companies that participate in the forum, he said. ”  Klaus Schwab, who in 1971 founded the group that eventually became the World Economic Forum which hosts the annual retreat for business, political and cultural elites in the Swiss Alps, told Bloomberg that the event in Washington, D. C. —  which was previously not planned —  is going to be meant to address globalist concerns with the rise of populism as evidenced by the election of Trump to the presidency. “It’s very natural that with the new administration we plan a major event in the U. S. to see what are the implications of the new president and how the business community could engage,” Schwab said, adding that in Davos in 2017 there are populists present who the globalists plan to hear from to try to assuage a “silent fear” of the masses. “People have become very emotionalized, this silent fear of what the new world will bring,” Schwab added. “We have populists here and we want to listen. We have to respond to these individuals’ fears and to offer solutions. It’s not just enough to listen we have to provide answers and that’s what we’re here for in Davos. ” Schwab said that the Davos gathering is not supposed to be about the glamorous parties and receptions for the elites present, or about the “outrageous excesses of life” exhibited by them there, but rather his goal is to create a “global village” where in the words of Morris and Schatzker “participants can mull weighty issues facing the world without the distractions of a large city. ” “My biggest fear is that we will believe there are very simple answers to very difficult questions,” Schwab said. “The right solution will require a lot of effort and many steps in the right direction. I am optimistic that in a new   world we still have the notion of a joined and shared destiny. ” In 2017, the “Party of Davos” so to speak, the World Economic Forum’s annual gathering there in the Swiss Alps, is as Breitbart News has previously reported a gloomier event than usual. Last year, the world elites gathered in Davos were certain that British voters wouldn’t vote to Leave the European Union and that Donald J. Trump would never be elected president of the United States —  and that all these fears of populist uprisings around the world would never materialize. But they were wrong, and now Davos attendees are scrambling to try to figure out why.",0
13100,"FBI Rebels, Huma Abedin “Insurance File” Found On Seized Laptop 10,000 EMAILS","We Are Change 
A month ago, this writer told you about an ongoing conflict within the FBI that was validated by online and personal sources concerning the outcome of the Clinton investigation. Now it’s been revealed that the FBI has been flooded with resignations letters by disenfranchised agents ever since Comey decided last July not to indict Hillary Clinton. Comey’s now attempting to save face has reopened the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private server claiming that the FBI has now found an additional 650,000 email messages on Anthony Weiner’s laptop, ten thousand of which were found were in a folder called “Life Insurance.” Things are boiling up for the Clinton campaign, what an October surprise!
10,000 new emails found on Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner's computer and phones. They were in a file marked ""Life Insurance"". #Corruption 
— Morgan Brittany (@MorganBrittany4) October 29, 2016 

Weiner is under investigation for sending sexually explicit pictures and material to a 15 year old girl and it drags Hillary’s campaign and chances of presidency with it..
Huma Mahmood Abedin, recently divorced from Weiner, has worked with Hillary Clinton since 1996, where she began as a white-house intern She quickly grew her political career to the position of vice chairman of the Hillary campaign.
What could be found on Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner’s laptop?
A source has a guess at what may potentially be found on Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner’s computer: Huma’s long-speculated ties to the Muslim Brotherhood , something that U.S. Representative Michele Bachmann asserted in 2012 when she accused Huma Abedin of being a mole for the Muslim Brotherhood . Bachmann then said during a live broadcast interview that “the infiltration of our government is much wider than anyone expected.”
“It appears that there has been deep penetration in the halls of our United States government by the Muslim Brotherhood,” Bachmann stated during a radio interview. “It appears that there are individuals who are associated with the Muslim Brotherhood who have positions, very sensitive positions, in our Department of Justice, our Department of Homeland Security, potentially even in the National Intelligence Agency.” 
~U.S. Representative Michele Bachmann, said.
Huma actually hasn’t been shy about her potential connection to the brotherhood, earlier in 2016 she confirmed that her Muslim Brotherhood-connected mother Saleha Mahmoud Abedin was proud of her .
Saleha Mahmoud Abedin was identified in 2011 as one of 63 suspected leaders inside the Muslim Sisterhood. 
Well we are about to truly find out what was on the laptop of Huma Abedin as the FBI as of Sunday filed for the warrant needed to begin looking through the emails.
Again my source asserts that, “Huma Abedin was copying emails and printing them and she was labeled a threat by the FBI in it’s own report about the Clinton investigation.” 
Huma herself said in an interview this week with a podcast that she has yet to read the emails she exchanged with her longtime boss, Hillary Clinton, but that she is “mortified” by what may be in them.
“Terrifying,” is how Abedin described the existence of the records in the public domain during an interview on the “Call Your Girlfriend” podcast.
“I confess I have not read anything that has become public,” Abedin, said.
Comey has jumped on this chance to right his wrongs, seizing an opportunity to save his own career and reputation as well as the FBI’s reputation which, according to a source, has been tarnished. Agents are not happy about the outcome and conduct of the former Director, including some agents that have decided enough is enough and are resigning in droves .
The FBI director has been embroiled in an inside fight against his own agents worried about internal leaks. Comey said it himself in his reasoning for announcing the re-opening of the Clinton email investigation.
Ex-FBI Assistant Director of New York, James Kallstrom weighed in on Comey’s actions calling the Clintons a crime family . Kallstrom also acknowledged the fact that agents were rebelling within the ranks including senior agents. 
“The agents are furious with what’s going on, I know that for a fact,”
‘The Clintons, that’s a crime family. It’s like organized crime, basically. The Clinton Foundation is a cesspool,” 
~former FBI, assistant director, James Kallstrom , said.
Kallstrom additionally told Fox’s Judge Jeanine Pirro, “I think there is something happening, I think something big is going to happen,” when confronted with the question on why Comey chose 2 weeks before the election to announce the re-opening of an investigation, politicizing the investigation.

Kallstrom made sure to not leave out that it was the higher power of the FBI to blame and not the field agents who were involved in the overall investigation into the Clintons server.
Meanwhile several FBI field offices and U.S. attorneys are busy investigating and collecting evidence on the Clinton Fraudation. The investigation backed by none other then the Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Preet Bharara, who is also investigating Anthony Weiner, who authorized the warrants for the devices to be seized. That means that Preet Bharara is behind both cases on the Clintons – the investigation into the Clinton Fraudation , in which Bharara is leading NY, DC, and Texas branches of the FBI’s investigation into the Clinton’s long time fraud vehicle the “Clinton Foundation”. The Clinton Fraudation investigation was started when Terry Mccauflife was linked to the Clintons and the Chinese mob .
Wikileaks has proven that the Clinton foundation is basically a large money-laundering operation sprinkled with a bit of fraud thanks to Doug Band. Although hacked documents can’t be used for prosecution the new Wiener emails may be identical copies of Huma’s emails that have been leaked in Wikileaks releases, and if it’s true that she printed out copies she could face charges. Additionally there may be evidence of pay-to-play in Huma’s emails as well as fraud, or potentially her ties to the Muslim Brotherhood. We will have to wait to see; stay tuned to WeAreChange for your coverage and analysis of the most eventful election cycle in American history. If what the birds are chirping is true. Is there anything that won’t happen in this election?
#WikiLeaks : Clinton aide details $50M in payments for @BillClinton and how business was mingled with the @ClintonFdn https://t.co/0jhYJkDT0x 
— Chad Livengood (@ChadLivengood) October 27, 2016 

Judge Jeanine : “So he wouldn’t have come out unless he knew it was coming out?”
James Kallstrom: “ Well, I think he couldn’t hold onto it any longer. OK. Because who knows? Maybe the locals would have stepped in on this.”
Judge Jeanine: ” …I think he had to do it.”
 
 
The post FBI Rebels, Huma Abedin “Insurance File” Found On Seized Laptop 10,000 EMAILS appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
13101,ECB policymakers tout December stimulus extension,"ECB policymakers tout December stimulus extension October 28, 2016 Benoit Coeure, member of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank (ECB), attends a Lamfalussy Lectures Conference in Budapest, Hungary, February 1, 2016. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh 
European Central Bank Board Member Benoit Coeure and Governing Council member Philip Lane says the ECB will extend its €80 bn monthly stimulus asset buying initiative in December. Board members said ECB will provide stimulus until a sustained inflation rebound, regardless of side-effects. Coeure: Warned bank's margin of operation was reduced as rates approach their effective limits. ""Postponing the necessary reforms is not a valid option anymore.” Lane: ECB was ""pretty happy"" with the accommodation provided so far and did not see serious signs of the negative side effects. ""Until inflation is at a sustainable path to the current target, the current policy of accommodation will continue.” Inflation has missed the ECB's 2 percent target for three and a half years and is expect to undershoot until late 2018 at the earliest. Coeure: ""Although our objective is forward looking, there is a risk that continued undershooting of our inflation aim will cause households and firms to revise down their inflation expectations."" ""And lower inflation expectations directly lower the equilibrium nominal interest rate, requiring a lower interest rate to create monetary stimulus.” 
(LONDON/FRANKFURT) The European Central Bank will provide stimulus until a sustained inflation rebound, even as its unprecedented measures come with side effects and face constraints, two policymakers said on Friday, just as the bank is contemplating more easing. 
Facing stubbornly low inflation, the ECB will decide in December whether to extend its 80 billion euro per month asset buys beyond its scheduled end next March, having to balance diminishing costs with increasing side effects. 
Arguing that the ECB's measures are working, Board Member Benoit Coeure also warned bank's margin of operation was reduced as rates approach their effective limits, so governments had to start pulling their weight to revive the euro zone economy. Please contact TRUNEWS correspondent Edward Szall with any news tips related to this story. Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play ! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",0
13102,"""Чем ближе мы к взятию Алеппо, тем яростнее Россию будут обвинять""","0 комментариев 0 поделились Фото: АР 
""Это трагедия. Если это было сделано намеренно, то это — военное преступление"", — цитирует AFP директора ЮНИСЕФ Энтони Лейка. В сообщении также употребляется слово ""нападение"". 
Как передает Reuters, ссылаясь на спасателей и мониторинговые группы, авиаудары были нанесены сирийской или российской авиацией. Однако СМИ Сирии об ударах по школе не сообщали. 
Насколько можно доверять этой информации, рассказал Pravda. Ru сотрудник Центра анализа стратегий и технологий Максим Шеповаленко. 
— Как воспринимать такую информацию? На Западе этому верят? 
— Очевидно, что это информационный вброс. Это будет продолжаться до конца войны, и я давно уже не обращаю на это внимания. Все пошло враздрай: никаких мирных переговоров, вступил в силу План Б — по вооружению боевиков. Значит, информационная война в самом разгаре. 
— Но ведь весь мир обвиняет российские и сирийские войска в причастности к этому, как надо реагировать? 
— Не надо оправдываться. Уже всем было сказано, что наши ВКС наносят удары на основе данных космической разведки, агентур, и с дополнительной доразведкой цели. Сколько это можно повторять? 
Всем очевидно, что чем ближе мы будем к взятию Алеппо, тем истеричнее и фантасмагоричнее будут все эти придумки и рассказы. Зачем наступать в расставленный силок? На мой взгляд, есть известный предел, до которого надо комментировать такие вещи. 
Ранее постоянный представитель РФ при ООН Виталий Чуркин отозвался о произошедшем как об ""ужасном"" событии, но деталей сообщить не смог. ""Мне проще всего сказать, что это не мы, но я ответственный человек, так что мне нужно подождать и посмотреть, что скажет наше министерство обороны"", — цитирует дипломата ТАСС. 
Напомним, Идлиб — провинция на северо-западе Сирии, граничит с провинцией Алеппо. Территорию Идлиба в 2015 году контролировала террористическая организация ""Джебхат ан-Нусра"" (запрещена в РФ), и самолеты российских ВКС наносили удары по этому региону. Вооруженное противостояние продолжается в Сирии с марта 2011 года. По данным ООН, за время конфликта погибли более 220 тысяч человек. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda.Ru на сегодня Сирия: Когда закончится война?",0
13103,Turning Negative Thinkers Into Positive Ones - The New York Times,"Most mornings as I leave the Y after my swim and shower, I cross paths with a coterie of toddlers entering with their caregivers for a   activity. I can’t resist saying hello, requesting a   and wishing them a fun time. I leave the Y grinning from ear to ear, uplifted not just by my own workout but even more so by my interaction with these darling representatives of the next generation. What a great way to start the day! When I told a fellow swimmer about this experience and mentioned that I was writing a column on the health benefits of positive emotions, she asked, “What do you do about people who are always negative?” She was referring to her parents, whose chronic negativity seems to drag everyone down and make family visits extremely unpleasant. I lived for half a century with a man who suffered from periodic bouts of depression, so I understand how challenging negativism can be. I wish I had known years ago about the work Barbara Fredrickson, a psychologist at the University of North Carolina, has done on fostering positive emotions, in particular her theory that accumulating “  of positivity,” like my daily interaction with children, can, over time, result in greater overall  . The research that Dr. Fredrickson and others have done demonstrates that the extent to which we can generate positive emotions from even everyday activities can determine who flourishes and who doesn’t. More than a sudden bonanza of good fortune, repeated brief moments of positive feelings can provide a buffer against stress and depression and foster both physical and mental health, their studies show. This is not to say that one must always be positive to be healthy and happy. Clearly, there are times and situations that naturally result in negative feelings in the most upbeat of individuals. Worry, sadness, anger and other such “downers” have their place in any normal life. But chronically viewing the glass as   is detrimental both mentally and physically and inhibits one’s ability to bounce back from life’s inevitable stresses. Negative feelings activate a region of the brain called the amygdala, which is involved in processing fear and anxiety and other emotions. Dr. Richard J. Davidson, a neuroscientist and founder of the Center for Healthy Minds at the University of Wisconsin  —   Madison, has shown that people in whom the amygdala recovers slowly from a threat are at greater risk for a variety of health problems than those in whom it recovers quickly. Both he and Dr. Fredrickson and their colleagues have demonstrated that the brain is “plastic,” or capable of generating new cells and pathways, and it is possible to train the circuitry in the brain to promote more positive responses. That is, a person can learn to be more positive by practicing certain skills that foster positivity. For example, Dr. Fredrickson’s team found that six weeks of training in a form of meditation focused on compassion and kindness resulted in an increase in positive emotions and social connectedness and improved function of one of the main nerves that helps to control heart rate. The result is a more variable heart rate that, she said in an interview, is associated with objective health benefits like better control of blood glucose, less inflammation and faster recovery from a heart attack. Dr. Davidson’s team showed that as little as two weeks’ training in compassion and kindness meditation generated changes in brain circuitry linked to an increase in positive social behaviors like generosity. “The results suggest that taking time to learn the skills to   positive emotions can help us become healthier, more social, more resilient versions of ourselves,” Dr. Fredrickson reported in the National Institutes of Health monthly newsletter in 2015. In other words, Dr. Davidson said, “  can be considered a life skill. If you practice, you can actually get better at it. ” By learning and regularly practicing skills that promote positive emotions, you can become a happier and healthier person. Thus, there is hope for people like my friend’s parents should they choose to take steps to develop and reinforce positivity. In her newest book, “Love 2. 0,” Dr. Fredrickson reports that “shared positivity  —   having two people caught up in the same emotion  —   may have even a greater impact on health than something positive experienced by oneself. ” Consider watching a funny play or movie or TV show with a friend of similar tastes, or sharing good news, a joke or amusing incidents with others. Dr. Fredrickson also teaches “  meditation” focused on directing   wishes to others. This can result in people “feeling more in tune with other people at the end of the day,” she said. Activities Dr. Fredrickson and others endorse to foster positive emotions include: Do good things for other people. In addition to making others happier, this enhances your own positive feelings. It can be something as simple as helping someone carry heavy packages or providing directions for a stranger. Appreciate the world around you. It could be a bird, a tree, a beautiful sunrise or sunset or even an article of clothing someone is wearing. I met a man recently who was reveling in the architectural details of the   houses in my neighborhood. Develop and bolster relationships. Building strong social connections with friends or family members enhances feelings of   and,   studies have shown, is associated with better health and a longer life. Establish goals that can be accomplished. Perhaps you want to improve your tennis or read more books. But be realistic a goal that is impractical or too challenging can create unnecessary stress. Learn something new. It can be a sport, a language, an instrument or a game that instills a sense of achievement,   and resilience. But here, too, be realistic about how long this may take and be sure you have the time needed. Choose to accept yourself, flaws and all. Rather than imperfections and failures, focus on your positive attributes and achievements. The loveliest people I know have none of the external features of loveliness but shine with the internal beauty of caring, compassion and consideration of others. Practice resilience. Rather than let loss, stress, failure or trauma overwhelm you, use them as learning experiences and steppingstones to a better future. Remember the expression: When life hands you a lemon, make lemonade. Practice mindfulness. Ruminating on past problems or future difficulties drains mental resources and steals attention from current pleasures. Let go of things you can’t control and focus on the   . Consider taking a course in insight meditation.",0
13104,Why Russia’s army can’t complete its modernization program,"RBTH Daily , army , military , arms The Buk-M3 anti-aircraft missile system. Source: Press Photo 
On Oct. 21, on the day the Russian army received its new military technology, Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said that in October 2016 half of all the military hardware in the Russian armed forces now consisted of new models. 
Shoigu, who also holds the rank of army general, noted that in accordance with a presidential decree, by 2020 70 percent of the army's technology will consist of updated models. The first Buk-M3 anti-aircraft missile system in the Russian army 
One of the main ""gifts"" for Russia's army was the Buk-M3 anti-aircraft missile system. Shoigu said that the armed forces had received the first division of Buk-M3s. 
""This is not only the modernization of the air defense system that the Russian army already has. Basically, this is a new model with old dimensions,"" explained Valery Yarmolenko, director of the press service at arms manufacturer Almaz-Antey. 
He noted that the Buk-M3's key particularity is the location of the missiles in the launching containers, just like in the S-300 systems, which are simultaneously transport and launching containers. 
Thanks to developments made by Russian manufacturers, the missiles can be fired from the 12 cylindrical containers 20 seconds after the system is set up. Unlike its predecessor, the new system can strike missiles and enemy planes not 15 but 70 kilometers (45 miles) away. 
The Rossiyskaya Gazeta newspaper confirms that the Buk-M3 anti-aircraft missiles can strike surface and ground radiocontrast targets – that is, they can be used as tactical-guided missiles and not only defensive weapons. What else has the Russian army received? 
In the last three months the Russian armed forces have received a series of defensive systems. Among them are the following: 
- two regimental kits of S-400 anti-aircraft missiles systems and six combat Pantsir-S machines; 
- the Bal and Bastion missile systems for the Western Military District; 
- two divisions of Buk-M2 anti-aircraft systems; 
- three intercontinental ballistic missiles; 
- 100 Kalibr winged missiles and Onyx anti-missile systems for Russian Navy ships and submarines. 
A BUK-M2E surface-to-air missile system on display during the International Aerospace Salon in Zhukovsky near Moscow / Source: Mikhail Voskresenskiy/RIA Novosti 
Sergei Shoigu noted that during the Army-2016 Military Technological Forum near Moscow in early September Russia showed the world most of the new technology that the armed forces are now acquiring. 
""Defense ministry representatives and foreign and Russian military experts could appreciate Russia's combat possibilities during the demonstrations,"" he said. Problems with rearming the army 
""The modernization and development of the Russian armed forces program, which costs 22 trillion rubles ($343 billion today), can fully guarantee the country's security by the time it terminates in 2022. However, there is a series of problems that must be solved,"" said Viktor Yesin, former director of the General Staff of the Strategic Missile Forces. 
In his words, the modernization of the defense industry, in which three trillion rubles have already been invested ($48 billion), is failing. 
""This is due to the sanctions and the fall of Russia's economy. The process of import substitution in the defense enterprises is getting practically nowhere,"" said Yesin. Russia designing new ‘aircraft carrier killer’ torpedo to boost naval power 
According to a source in the Russian defense industry, the main problem lies in the fact that Russia will not be able to substitute imported items in a series of key sectors in the upcoming years. 
""One thing is the modernization of enterprises. But creating from scratch certain units that will produce the technology is another. The enterprises will be able to produce the ship and helicopter engines that were imported from other countries by 2018. However, there are many electronic systems accompanying these machines that Russia will not be able to produce independently,"" said the source. 
According to Russian Deputy Defense Minister Timur Ivanov, the financing of the defense industry has diminished due to the crisis, a trend that may continue in 2017. 
""Defense industry enterprises have long-term contracts to build ships, missiles, aviation and space satellites. There will be no sequestration here. During crises purchases of secondary technology – armored personnel carriers, engineer machines and so on – are reduced,"" explained the source. Why is Russia spending so much on modernizing its army? 
According to Yesin, the share of defense expenses is unquestionably very big. But if Russia wants to feel secure and not worry about tomorrow, then money must be spent today in order to avoid a repeat of the 1990s and 2000s. 
""In terms of nuclear weapons, we are on par with the U.S., but in terms of conventional weapons, we trail significantly. If we want to avoid war, we must make up for what we lacked in the 1990s and 2000s,"" said Yesin. Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list Facebook",0
13105,Phoenix TV Station Uncovers Soros Voting Machine Fraud,"

Independent TV station, News Channel 3 in Phoenix has uncovered problems with the George Soros voting machines. The machines are set to rig the election in Arizona, which one of 16 states that are using George Soros’ voting machines.

P lease Donate to The Common Sense Show 
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 

 

This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information.
",0
13106,"In Pat Summitt, a Toughness Greater Than Invincibility - The New York Times","“Juliet?” said the voice on the other end of the line, in an unmistakable Tennessee accent. “This is Coach Pat Summitt. ” I nearly dropped the phone. Back then, in January 1997, I was a journalism school student, and I had called Summitt’s office at the University of Tennessee to request an interview. It was one of a dozen calls I made to top college coaches for my master’s project, which focused on the American Basketball League, a new women’s professional league. The only coach to return my call was Pat Summitt. Summitt wasn’t just any coach: She and her Lady Vols had just won their fourth national championship and were on their way to winning a fifth. We spoke for more than an hour. When I thanked her for calling, she said that she always had time for young women trying to make their way in sports. Summitt  died Tuesday at 64 after years of struggling with Alzheimer’  dementia. In her 38 years as a head college coach, she won 1, 098 games, more than any other Division I coach, man or woman, and led Tennessee to eight national championships. You can talk about her toughness: She once dislocated her shoulder while chasing an aggressive raccoon off her porch, in an attempt to protect her Labrador retriever, and spent two hours trying to pop her shoulder back into place before calling for medical help. And you can talk about what a leader she was, for her players and for women’s sports. When she was offered a job coaching the men at Tennessee, she said, “Why is that considered a step up?” But it’s also important to remember how Summitt dealt with dementia, and what a perfect reflection it was of her personality. Like Muhammad Ali, in his long fight with Parkinson’s disease, Summitt faced a progressive malady for which there is no known cure  —   a disease that works to steal a person’s dignity and tempts those with it to retreat from the public eye. Everyone chooses to deal with those diseases in a different way, no one effort more courageous than another. Summitt and Ali’s way was to use their fame and bring the world along on their journey, as they became the public faces of diseases that were once taboo to even acknowledge. Their efforts to shed light on their vulnerabilities just added to their legacies, but in a totally different  —   and, arguably, more important  —   way. When Summitt learned she had dementia, in 2011, she was only 59. “There’s not going to be any pity party, and I’ll make sure of that,” she told The Knoxville News Sentinel. She told ABC, “What I want to do is to get people to understand that if you have dementia, don’t be afraid of it. ” If you know anything about dementia or Parkinson’s, you know that in fact, there is plenty to be afraid of. Dementia slowly robs you of your cognitive abilities, eats away at your brain. Parkinson’s is another cruel thief: It steals facial expressions, voices, movement, the ability to swallow and, eventually, to breathe. It can also cause dementia. When Ali was told he had Parkinson’s, it must have been a blow that stung him harder than any in his life. He cherished the sound of his own voice and loved the way his body moved. And, of course, he always talked about how pretty he looked. Yet he didn’t disappear from sight. He showed up  —   body stiff, face frozen and left hand shaking out of control  —   to light the caldron at the 1996 Atlanta Games. The once invincible man wasn’t shy about showing that he wasn’t invincible after all. I know how hard that must have been for him because my father, Zbigniew, was entering the final stage of Parkinson’s when he died in November. I always considered my father the toughest man I knew, but never more than when I saw him  —   razor blade in one hand, one Parkinson’s pill in another  —   as he sliced the pill into   segments. My dad knew that over time, his body wouldn’t respond to the medicine, especially as the doses increased. So he had tried to take control of what was happening by limiting himself to what would barely get him through his rough days, even though it would make his current days much rougher. He never stopped fighting. For Summitt, having dementia could be embarrassing, especially for a woman whose sharp thinking helped her win games. But that didn’t seem to matter to her. She still looked for the spotlight, unafraid to describe what dementia had done to her and how she was coping with the changes. Summitt was in a battle she could never win, but she still could make a difference for others by educating them about the disease. She spoke about her dementia in interviews, and also in her 2013 book, “Sum It Up,” in which she also talked about another issue that is often taboo to speak about  —   the six miscarriages she had before giving birth to her son, Tyler. She accepted the Arthur Ashe Courage Award at the 2012 ESPYs, where she gave a short speech, saying, “It’s time to fight. ” Soon after her diagnosis, she started the Pat Summitt Foundation, and its mission was to find a cure for Alzheimer’s. At the end of our telephone conversation nearly 20 years ago, Summitt spoke about the importance of women in sports. She told me she was glad I was training to be a sports reporter because there needed to be more women writing about sports. I wondered why she had taken the time for me. Now I know. Summitt wanted to make a difference in this world, both on and off the basketball court. That’s exactly what she did.",0
13108,Donald Trump and the Disabled Reporter: The whole truth and not the spin put on by the media.,a reply to: windword Shall I post videos of Hillary laughing at death and mayhem? They are both terrible people. Period end of story. A vote for either one is a vote for idiocy. Hillary was heard calling mentally challenged children 'f*g ree-tards' and caught on record blurting out the terms 'stupid k*e and 'f*ing Jew b*d'. Your hypocrisy is showing again. edit on 26-10-2016 by thesungod because: (no reason given),0
13109,Re: Will Michelle Obama Be The Replacement Nominee If The FBI Email Investigation Ends Hillary Clinton’s Campaign?,"Archives Michael’s Latest Video Will Michelle Obama Be The Replacement Nominee If The FBI Email Investigation Ends Hillary Clinton’s Campaign?   30th, 2016 
I realize that this headline must sound extremely bizarre, but in this article I will explain why this could actually happen. We have just learned that the FBI has obtained a search warrant that will enable the agency to examine approximately 650,000 emails that are sitting on electronic devices owned by Huma Abedin and her estranged husband Anthony Weiner. Now that the FBI is going through these emails, it is unlikely but still possible that a decision about whether or not to charge Hillary Clinton with a crime could be made by November 8th. Of course the most likely scenario is that Hillary Clinton will not be indicted before election day and that Americans will be voting with this scandal hanging ominously over the Clinton campaign. But if the FBI does quickly take action, it is possible that Hillary Clinton could be forced from the race before election day, and that would require the Democrats to come up with a new candidate. 
In fact, there are already calls in the mainstream media for Clinton to willingly remove herself from the race. For example, the following comes from a Chicago Tribune article entitled “ Democrats should ask Clinton to step aside “… 
So what should the Democrats do now? 
If ruling Democrats hold themselves to the high moral standards they impose on the people they govern, they would follow a simple process: 
They would demand that Mrs. Clinton step down, immediately, and let her vice presidential nominee, Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia, stand in her place. 
Democrats should say, honestly, that with a new criminal investigation going on into events around her home-brew email server from the time she was secretary of state, having Clinton anywhere near the White House is just not a good idea. 
But what the author of that article does not understand is that Tim Kaine would not automatically take her place if Clinton steps down before the election. In a previous article , I included a quote from a U.S. News & World Report article that explained what would happen if Hillary Clinton was removed from the Democratic ticket for some reason prior to November 8th… 
If Clinton were to fall off the ticket, Democratic National Committee members would gather to vote on a replacement. DNC members acted as superdelegates during this year’s primary and overwhelmingly backed Clinton over boat-rocking socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont. 
DNC spokesman Mark Paustenbach says there currently are 445 committee members – a number that changes over time and is guided by the group’s bylaws, which give membership to specific officeholders and party leaders and hold 200 spots for selection by states, along with an optional 75 slots DNC members can choose to fill. 
But the party rules for replacing a presidential nominee merely specify that a majority of members must be present at a special meeting called by the committee chairman. The meeting would follow procedures set by the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee and proxy voting would not be allowed. 
So if this email scandal forced Hillary Clinton to exit the race at the last minute, a majority of the members of the Democratic National Committee would gather to select a new nominee. 
Who would they choose? 
Let’s take a look at the top five options… 
#1 Tim Kaine 
He would seem to be an obvious choice since he is Hillary Clinton’s running mate. But to win a national campaign you need to have name recognition, and most Americans outside of the state of Virginia have very little familiarity with him. 
And at this point he has proven to have very little popularity on the campaign trail. In fact, attendance at many of his rallies in key swing states can be measured in the dozens. 
So to me it seems unlikely that the DNC would select Kaine as the replacement nominee. 
#2 Joe Biden 
Vice-President Joe Biden has far more name recognition than Tim Kaine does, and in recent days he has been touting how he believes that he would have actually won the nomination if he would have decided to run … 
Vice President Joe Biden said in a recent interview that he believed he could have beat former secretary of state Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination had he pursued it. 
Biden was asked in an interview with CNN Saturday if news that the FBI was re-opening their criminal probe into Clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state made him second-guess his decision last year not to run. 
But according to the vice president, the short answer is “no.” The only thing that kept him from running, Biden said, was the recent death of his son, Beau. 
Unfortunately for Biden, he suffers from many of the same things that Kaine does. 
Biden is boring, he is not very good on the campaign trail, and he doesn’t have the sort of charisma that would motivate people to go to the polls in large numbers. 
Biden would probably represent the “safest” choice for the Democrats, but he might not be a winning choice. 
#3 Bernie Sanders 
Bernie Sanders would seem to be a logical choice since he was the runner-up to Hillary Clinton, but the truth is that there are a lot of things working against Bernie Sanders. 
First of all, he does not have any real loyalty to the Democrats. He has previously operated as an independent, and he expressed a desire to return to independent status once the campaign was over. 
Secondly, the Democratic establishment very much dislikes him, and that plays a huge role in decisions such as this. 
Thirdly, Democratic insiders fear that he would be “another McGovern” and would get absolutely wiped out in a general election. 
So even though he is very popular with the radical left, it appears that Sanders would be the least likely choice on this list. 
#4 Elizabeth Warren 
Elizabeth Warren would be very popular with the “Bernie Sanders” wing of the party, and she would enable the party to replace Hillary Clinton with another woman. 
So she is definitely a possibility. 
But she does lack name recognition, and just like Sanders there would be concern that the Republicans would frame her candidacy as “another McGovern” because of her far left policies. 
#5 Michelle Obama 
One recent survey found that 67 percent of all Democrats would rather have a third term for Obama than a first term for Hillary Clinton. 
And these days Barack Obama’s approval rating is running anywhere from +9 to +11. 
So the thought of another Obama in the White House is not as far-fetched as you might think. 
Michelle Obama has better name recognition than anyone else on this list, and she is generally very well-liked by the American people. And she has received a tremendous amount of praise for her work on the campaign trail recently. For instance, her recent speech in New Hampshire was lauded as “the most influential speech of the 2016 campaign” in a recent MSN article entitled “ In this campaign, Michelle Obama became more than just another political voice “… 
The speech, amplified by timing and met with an enthusiastic response, cemented Obama’s place as a star of the presidential race and put a defining stroke not just on how women view Trump, but also on herself as a voice of moral authority. Three months before leaving the White House, she already is among the ranks of public figures who transcend politics and title. 
“When you rise to a level like that, you see how much weight your words carry,” said Anita McBride, former chief of staff to Laura Bush and executive in residence at the School of Public Affairs at American University. “We know she didn’t like politics. But she was impassioned by the language that was used, and she feels compelled to speak out. People listen to her.” 
If I were the Democrats, Michelle Obama is the one that I would select if a replacement nominee was needed, because she would give them the very best chance of winning against Donald Trump. 
Of course the Obamas are just as radical as Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, but the American people have become quite comfortable with them at this point. 
And I certainly hope that Michelle Obama does not become the nominee if Hillary Clinton has to step aside, because Donald Trump would have an exceedingly difficult time defeating her. 
In the final analysis, none of this is probably going to matter anyway because it is unlikely that the FBI will move quickly enough to force Hillary Clinton out before election day, but there is still a small chance that it could actually happen. 
And if it does happen, it is going to turn politics in America completely upside down. 
 ",0
13110,Miller: We Have Provided ’Enormous’ Evidence of Voter Fraud - Breitbart,"Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Trump senior advisor Stephen Miller said the White House had provided “enormous evidence” to make a case there was a “serious problem” of voter fraud in American elections.  Miller said, “I actually, having worked on a campaign before in New Hampshire, I can tell you that this issue of busing voters into New Hampshire is widely known by anyone working in New Hampshire politics. It’s very real, very serious. This morning, on this show, is not the venue for me to lay out all the evidence. I can tell you this  —   voter fraud is a serious problem in the country. You have millions of people who are registered in two states, who are dead who are registered to vote. You have 14 percent of noncitizens, according to academic research, at a minimum, are registered to vote, an astonishing statistic. ” He added, “The White House has provided enormous evidence with respect to voter fraud, with respect to people being registered in more than one state. Dead people voting,   being registered to vote.  George, it is a fact and you will not deny it that are massive numbers of   in this country who are registered to vote. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
13111,"From ‘Pitch Perfect’ to Broadway, He’s Vocal About A Cappella - The New York Times","“You can hear a whoosh of air as the train approaches,” Deke Sharon said, breaking down the cacophony on a subway platform into its component parts. “There’s the high screech of the tires, and underneath it all there’s a low rumble. ” For good measure, he emulated each sound. Mr. Sharon may be as perky as you might imagine the   “guru of a cappella” to be, but little can prepare you for his infectious good cheer. “This is me mellow!” he exclaimed with boundless enthusiasm  —   a mood even more striking considering he was waiting for a C train in the chaotically busy 42nd Street station. Looking fetchingly   in a blazer and jeans, he showed no sign of the stress that comes with opening a rather unconventional Broadway show. As if travel to workshops, camps, master classes, concerts and recording studios, as well as overseeing the touring group Vocalosity, weren’t enough, Mr. Sharon has spent the past few months on the vocal arrangements for “In Transit. ” It’s the first a cappella musical on Broadway, created by a quartet of songwriters including Kristen   a   of songs for the animated film “Frozen. ” The short commute from his temporary Manhattan apartment to the Circle in the Square Theater, where “In Transit” is in previews, constituted field research for Mr. Sharon, as the show’s characters all cross paths on the subway. “I would come down here and listen,” said Mr. Sharon, a tall and lanky Bay Area resident. “But I also wanted to get a sense of the relationship between people, because a cappella is about the interconnectedness of voices and individuals. ” This last point is the crux of what Mr. Sharon, 48, calls his lifelong mission of creating harmony through harmony. To that end he leaves no outlet unturned. His   jobs have included serving as executive producer, coach and arranger on the NBC reality show “The  ” (which spawned the hugely successful vocal group Pentatonix) and writing the arrangements for both “Pitch Perfect” movies. In the second film, he also sang many of the backup harmonies for the villainous   team Das Sound Machine and had a cameo as a German judge. Mr. Sharon has created a cappella arrangements for about 2, 000 songs and has written several books, including the new “The Heart of Vocal Harmony. ” So when time came to retool “In Transit” for a bigger stage after an Off Broadway run in 2010, Ms.   and her   immediately thought of him. “We were really into ‘The ’ and of course we knew Deke was in the House Jacks, which was the first big professional,   a cappella group,” Ms.   who sang in a vocal group at Williams College, said in a phone interview. Mr. Sharon was a   of the House Jacks in 1991, with singers he had met on the college circuit. It was a bold move at a time when a cappella was not popular, aside from freak hits like Bobby McFerrin’s “Don’t Worry, Be Happy” and Boyz II Men’s “It’s So Hard to Say Goodbye to Yesterday. ” Yet in hindsight, Mr. Sharon had the background and dedication required to take a cappella to the next level. This, after all, is someone who says he could sing before he could talk and whose parents signed him for a church choir at the ripe age of 5. He later participated in musical theater but had an a cappella epiphany in his freshman year at San Francisco University High School, where he led the barbershop quartet in a production of “The Music Man. ” A few years later, Mr. Sharon enrolled at Tufts University just so he could join that school’s Beelzebubs, an a cappella group. The love wasn’t immediately returned: He got in only on his third audition. “They said I was overzealous,” Mr. Sharon recalled. “My   was perfect, so when I pointed out a small mistake I’d made, they thought I was pretentious. ” (Benji in the “Pitch Perfect” movies is partly based on Mr. Sharon.) College was also when Kurk Richard Toohey Jr. officially became Deke Sharon. “It wasn’t meant as a stage name,” he explained. “Everybody called me Deke, and my mom had remarried, so I had all these different names in my childhood. I just wanted an identity of my own. ” The same year he helped found the House Jacks, Mr. Sharon also created the Contemporary A Cappella Society as part of his effort to cement the   community and improve its outreach. But it’s    where his temperament  —   earnestly upbeat, but with a   humor and a subtly forceful undertone blocking any threat of saccharine  —   is most effective. “My knowledge of a cappella was limited, but Deke is very good at meeting people where they are and giving them what they need so they can get where he wants them,” recalled Birgitte   who played the leader of Das Sound Machine in “Pitch Perfect 2” and stars in the Broadway revival of “Les Liaisons Dangereuses. ” Mr. Sharon’s interpersonal and technical skills were critical for a show like “In Transit,” which presented several challenges for the cast and crew  —   starting with the fact that the actors double up as the orchestra and almost never stop singing. “Sometimes they go offstage, change their costume, walk around the back of the house and come back in from another side, singing all the while,” Mr. Sharon said. “And they can’t miss a beat, go out of time or rhythm. The technical difficulty is the highest not only that I’ve ever worked on, but that I’ve ever known to be done a cappella. ” To sync with each other, the actors wear   monitors so they can best hear all the vocal layers as well as the musical supervisor, Rick   who voices his cues from backstage. Getting used to the earbuds was a steep learning curve. Margo Seibert, one of the stars, said it was like trying to sing while putting your head under water in a bathtub  —   a “  moment” for her. “The first week, their faces looked like they’d just eaten a bad lemon,” Ms.   said of the cast, laughing. “But Deke was so confident and positive that everyone went, ‘O. K.!’ And that’s a gift to have in the room. ” A   “huge a cappella nerd,” Justin Guarini, one of Ms. Seibert’s   was in a vocal group in high school. Still, he appreciated Mr. Sharon’s input. “I’m learning from him, and it’s an awesome feeling,” he said. “He’s not a teacher so much as an educator. ” For the tireless Mr. Sharon, a Broadway show is just one more way to bring about a culture in which everybody sings and where diversity is not just lip service but a structural asset. “Most choral ensembles want a homogeneity of sound,” he said, “but I want a different configuration of sounds and notes and voices. The overall experience of seeing these very diverse people onstage together makes a statement that is so necessary in today’s society. ” Ms.   added: “He truly believes that groups of people singing together creates goodness in the world. And at this moment in time, we really need that kind of harmony. ”",0
13112,"A Voice of Christmas Past Returns, Asking for a Hippopotamus - The New York Times","This year’s holiday advertising campaign for the United States Postal Service featured a little girl’s stunningly infectious musical plea: “I Want a Hippopotamus for Christmas. ” (And, as she explains, “Only a hippopotamus will do. ”) The ditty was, perhaps, unfamiliar to many listeners, but it penetrated the mind space of the unwary at warp speed  —   and stayed there. Resistance was futile. Unexpectedly, the song has also upended the quiet retirement of Gayla Peevey, 73, a former child star who recorded the novelty hit in 1953. At the time, the song landed her on the Ed Sullivan show “Toast of the Town. ” Since November, television viewers have been able to enjoy (and enjoy) that same recording in the omnipresent post office commercial. “The song could drive you crazy,” Ms. Peevey conceded. But it doesn’t drive her crazy  —   not at all. “I love hearing it, and I can’t hear it too much,” she said recently by telephone. Before all the recent hippo hoopla, Ms. Peevey, the former owner of a boutique advertising agency in El Cajon, Calif. had spent her days immersed in good works:   for nonprofits and serving on the board of one of them singing in her church choir leading a Bible study group for women. She and her husband of 53 years, Cliff Henderson, a retired elementary school teacher, frequently drive to Los Angeles from their home in La Mesa to visit their daughter,    and three grandchildren. There are   trips to Hawaii with three other couples, weekly taco nights with those travel companions and “date day” every Friday with Cliff. A full and active life, yes. But a few years ago, Ms. Peevey  —   generally a sunny soul  —   was starting to feel a little down. “I saw other people retiring from these big careers, and I started to wonder, ‘What have I really accomplished in life? ’” she said. “I really prayed about it. And I think God decided to throw some blessings on me. ” Ms. Peevey was aware, of course, that the Lord works in mysterious ways, so she’s not at all certain how her childhood recording was rediscovered. Satellite radio, she speculated, or perhaps the internet. But here’s what she knows for sure: “I Want a Hippopotamus for Christmas”  —   which peaked 63 years ago at No. 24 on the Billboard chart  —   has become a viral sensation. (A    video of Ms. Peevey’s “Toast of the Town” appearance  —   she’s in a party frock and hair ribbon and halts a game of jacks with her playmates to belt out her singular wish  —   has had more than four million views on YouTube recent comments include, “This song is stuck in my head. ”) But the people at the Postal Service were not the first to harness the power of the song. In 2008, Hallmark came out with a   tree ornament that plays the earworm of a tune, written by the songwriter John Rox. (His other hit was “It’s a Big, Wide Wonderful World,” recorded in 1949 by Buddy Clark.) Hallmark has brought the ornament back four more times, including during the 2016 holiday season. Look for it again next year. Gretchen Wilson, a country music singer, recorded the song on a Christmas album that was released in 2009. LeAnn Rimes, another country singer, followed suit in 2014, but said she could never hope to equal Ms. Peevey’s inimitable sound. Thanks to the resurgence in the song’s popularity, Ms. Peevey  —   who goes by the surname Henderson except for   matters  —   has been deluged with calls and emails from newspapers, television stations and fans all over the world. Royalty checks in amounts ranging from a few hundred dollars to $1, 000 have been rolling in  —   more about this in a minute. “It’s like a whole new world,” she said. Actually, it’s something of a return to the world Ms. Peevey inhabited as a cute, blond    from Oklahoma City. After her record took off, going out in public became an impossibility. “It was crazy,” she remembered. “People were looking and pointing. I got mobbed everywhere I went. ” Ms. Peevey said she started singing “practically out of the womb. ” “I can’t remember when I didn’t sing,” she continued. “I really can’t. ” From an early age, she was a mainstay of the church choir in Ponca City, Okla. where her family moved in 1948. There she put on backyard shows for the neighbors and sang at community events. Her robust voice with its country sheen was a force of nature. An uncle who played fiddle on a radio show broadcast from Oklahoma City arranged a guest spot for Gayla when she was 8 it led first to a   gig on   (now KFOR) the local NBC affiliate, then to a regular spot on “Saturday Night Revue,” an NBC variety show that was a summer replacement for “Your Show of Shows. ” Hoagy Carmichael was the host. “I sang duets with him,” Ms. Peevey recalled. “There was one of his songs, ‘Two Sleepy People,’ and I sang harmony  —   it was very fun. ” Guest stars included Jimmy Durante and Dean Martin, with whom Ms. Peevey performed during her first appearance on the program. And every week the show booked a different big orchestra, “so I got to sing with Les Brown and Jerry Fielding and David Rose,” she said. “Plucked out of local television  —   it was a big jump. But they were so nice to me because I was a kid. ” Then came the contract from Columbia Records. The very first song that Mitch Miller, then a Columbia executive, brought to Ms. Peevey was “I Want a Hippopotamus for Christmas. ” She recorded it in New York with Mr. Miller playing the oboe and leading the orchestra. “I didn’t have to sing it that many times,” she recalled. “I would say the third time was the take. ” She introduced the song on “Toast of the Town,” though not without considerable drama beforehand: Her manager canceled an exclusive contract with NBC so that she could appear on the rival network CBS, home of Mr. Sullivan’s show  —   “and I didn’t get another NBC contract after that,” Ms. Peevey said. “I don’t know if the manager made the best decision, but everybody watched Ed Sullivan,” she said. “The record took off and was a big hit. ” In a   media event at the end of 1953, a real, live hippopotamus from the Central Park Zoo was shipped to Oklahoma City as a Christmas present for young Gayla she donated it to her local zoo. At the time, Ms. Peevey said, “there was talk that my career was going to be huge. ” But things didn’t turn out that way, and the producers at Columbia Records may have been part of the problem. “After the hippo song, they thought, ‘Well, that was a big hit,’ so every song they gave me after that was an animal song and they were not good songs, let me tell you,” Ms. Peevey said. She was occasionally teamed with a fellow child star, Jimmy Boyd, singer of the   “I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus. ” “My parents didn’t know that they could speak up and say, ‘Is this really the best song? ’” she continued. “In Oklahoma, I was used to singing ‘Your Cheatin’ Heart’ and ‘Walkin’ My Baby Back Home’ and all of those adult songs that I could really sink my teeth into. ” Ms. Peevey’s father, Lewin, a tax collector, and her mother, Irene, a homemaker, were the antithesis of stage parents, not particularly keen on show business and uncertain about how to deal with Gayla’s sudden fame. “They decided that they wanted to take me out of show business so I could have a normal life,” she said. “They pulled the plug, and I was a kid so I didn’t have any say. ” But Ms. Peevey said she was “kind of happy” to get away from all the hubbub. Part of pulling the plug involved a move to Southern California, where she was just another student at the local junior high school. “What a shock it was,” Ms. Peevey remembered. “Nobody knew who I was, and I realized I was lacking some basic social skills that I hadn’t had to develop. ” “I was so used to everybody clamoring for me and coming to me,” she explained. “I didn’t have a lot of experience in reaching out and being a friend. I had a big learning curve in that regard. ” But that was not the only adjustment. To retire as a child star packs a particularly unpleasant wallop. “You have this sort of feeling that you’re a   at 12,” Ms. Peevey said. “That was the thing I had to deal with  —   that I had already peaked. ” She had a bit of a comeback at 16 when “My Little Marine,” a song she wrote and recorded under the name Jamie Horton, made it into the top 100 on Billboard. Another tune, “Robot Man,” “did pretty well, but nothing took off as it did when I was a child,” Ms. Peevey said. “I can see where child stars get into trouble as far as not being able to negotiate the transition to adult performer, and it can be very devastating if you’re not grounded. ” After getting a degree in elementary education, she briefly taught school in San Diego. “But it wasn’t for me,” Ms. Peevey said. Instead, she opened a small advertising business while raising her daughter, Sydney, who inherited Mom’s musical chops. It was Sydney who did a little research three years ago and learned that Ms. Peevey had an account at Sony Music, now the parent company of Columbia. “They were holding funds of just under a hundred grand that had been adding up since 2008,” Ms. Peevey said. “I couldn’t believe it. It’s pretty fun. ” She also has royalties coming in from sales of “I Want a Hippopotamus” on iTunes. “I thought my life as a    was going to be all about playing with my grandchildren,” Ms. Peevey said. “But for people to have all this interest in me has opened things up for me  —   I’ve retired, but my song hasn’t. ”",0
13113,AG Sessions: ’No Legal Problem’ with Imprisoning Jihadists at Guantánamo,"Attorney General (AG) Jeff Sessions indicated that he would advise the    to continue using the U. S. military prison in Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, to house newly captured jihadists. [Sessions said he sees “no legal problem whatsoever” with doing so. His comments came in response to conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt asking Sessions what he would tell President Trump if he were to request legal guidance on incarcerating newly captured detainees at the Guantánamo facility, commonly known as Gitmo.  “There’s plenty of space. We’re   for it. It’s a perfect place for it. Eventually, this will be decided by the military rather than the Justice Department, but I see no legal problem whatsoever with doing that,” responded the new AG. “I’ve been there a number of times as a senator and it’s just a very fine place for holding these kind of dangerous criminals,” added the former Alabama Republican lawmaker. “We’ve spent a lot of money fixing it up, and I’m inclined to the view that it remains a perfectly acceptable place. And I think a lot of the criticisms have just been totally exaggerated. ” Echoing President Trump, Sessions told Hewitt that he did not support former President Barack Obama’s failed goal to shut down Gitmo, suggesting that he would encourage the new    to keep the facility running. Sessions did urge the military justice system to speed up the process of Gitmo hearings, telling the conservative radio host, “By now, we should have worked through all the legal complications that the Obama administration seemed to allow to linger and never get decided, so nothing ever happened. ” “So it is time for us in the months to come to get this thing figured out and start using it [military justice system] in an effective way,” he continued. “In general, I don’t think we’re better off bringing these people to federal court in New York and trying them in federal court  —   where they get discovery rights to find out our intelligence  —   and get   lawyers and things of that nature. ” Towards the end of the Obama administration, the military justice system and the former president’s   panel proved to be capable of stepping up court hearings and detainee reviews as Obama pushed to shut down Gitmo. The attorney general’s comments come nearly a month after the New York Times (NYT) reported that the Trump administration is considering ordering the Pentagon to continue using Gitmo to imprison newly captured terrorists linked to   the Taliban, and the Islamic State, also known as ISIS and ISIL. During his presidential campaign, President Trump vowed to “load [Guantánamo] up with some bad dudes. ” The new president has blasted Obama for reducing the number of detainees housed at Gitmo. Obama failed to keep his campaign promise of shutting down the detention center. The former president blamed his inability to deliver on “congressional restrictions,” explicitly saying, “all these rules and norms and laws” prevented him from emptying out and ultimately closing Gitmo. However, Obama himself signed into law a bipartisan bill that prohibited him from carrying out his proposal to close down the facility. The law banned Obama officials from building or modifying U. S. facilities to house Guantánamo prisoners, a key move to facilitate the former president’s plan to shut Gitmo down. Obama did dramatically reduce the prison’s population, from 242 at the start of his presidency to 41 by the time he left. His administration liberated many jihadists who had been deemed “forever prisoners,” or too dangerous to release. The U. S. intelligence community has determined that some (20) of the prisoners released by Obama are confirmed (9) or suspected (11) to have   in terrorist activities. Nevertheless, the recidivism rate for detainees released by former President George W. Bush is higher  —   113 confirmed and 75 suspected of having returned to the battlefield. Bush (532) did liberate more than three times the amount of prisoners released by Obama (161) which may explain the high recidivism rate. It appears that the more prisoners are released, the higher the likelihood some will return to terrorist activities.",0
13114,Retired Bishop Explains Why the Church Invented Hell,"Religions tend to invent ideas and concepts just like every other creative human enterprise, and they have unleashed some remarkably bad ideas onto humanity . Most of these are centered around the notion of telling people what to do and how to live their lives, with the aim of convincing people that conformity to church guidelines will bring some intangible reward in the afterlife.


One example of many is the Christian belief that the one and only way not to eternally burn in Hell is to accept Jesus Christ as the savior, as if no other deity or religious experience is valid to the human experience.

The concept of heaven and hell has been so ingrained into the human psyche that many people cannot see beyond this limiting paradigm to any other possibility. Retired Episcopal bishop John Shelby Spong , however, doesn’t seem to believe in the myth of Hell, and during a nationally televised interview he shared his opinions on why he thinks convincing the flock to believe in the concept of ‘Hell’ is absolutely critical to the Church’s survival.
“I don’t think Hell exists. I happen to believe in life after death, but I don’t think it’s got a thing to do with reward and punishment. Religion is always in the control business, and that’s something people don’t really understand. It’s in a guilt-producing control business. And if you have Heaven as a place where you’re rewarded for your goodness, and Hell is a place where you’re punished for your evil, then you sort of have control of the population. And so they create this fiery place which has quite literally scared the Hell out of a lot of people, throughout Christian history. And it’s part of a control tactic.”  Many people turn to religious teachings for solace and guidance in life in our insane world, but, Bishop Spong seems to think religion helps people be less responsible for their own life and the world we live in, offering a unique perspective from the typical doctrines of Christian belief. “The church doesn’t like for people to grow up, because you can’t control grown-ups. That’s why we talk about being born again. When you’re born again, you’re still a child. People don’t need to be born again. They need to grow up. They need to accept their responsibility for themselves and the world.” No one can really confirm where human souls are bound after death, so why do religions create stories of places like Heaven and Hell? The answer is simple: to control people and keep the Church alive.

If even some of the most religious men, such as Bishop John Shelby Spong, are starting to publicly expose the motivations behind these stories, perhaps it is time for the masses to critically evaluate the value of religion over the importance of direct personal spiritual experience .
“Every church I know claims that ‘we are the true church’ – that they have some ultimate authority, ‘We have the infallible Pope,’ ‘We have the Bible.’… The idea that the truth of God can be bound in any human system, by any human creed, by any human book, is almost beyond imagination for me. 
God is not a Christian. God is not a Jew or a Muslim or a Hindi or Buddhist. All of those are human systems, which human beings have created to try to help us walk into the mystery of God. I honor my tradition. I walk through my tradition. But I don’t think my tradition defines God. It only points me to God.” WATCH THE  VIDEO: 


Waking Times SOURCE ",0
13115,"Neil Armstrong: Their Ships Were Far Superior To Our -Boy, Where They Big","Everyone is familiar with the broadcast images of Neil Armstrong's historic first steps on the moon, and many believe his footsteps to be the first ever on the lunar surface. However, during a documented NASA symposium, Armstrong made comments alluding to the fact that not only had other species visited the moon, but that there were signs of colonization there upon.


The Real Reason NASA Refuses a Return to the Moon 

Armstrong stated in an interview with an unnamed professor at the symposium that their presence on the moon during the Apollo 11 mission was immediately noticed and addressed by an alien race. The beings that occupied the lunar air space made very clear their displeasure of the human's arrival on the moon's surface:

Armstrong: It was incredible … of course, we had always known there was a possibility … the fact is, we were warned off. There was never any questions then of a space station or a moon city.

Professor: How do you mean “warned off”?

Armstrong: I can’t go into details, except to say that their ships were far superior to ours both in size and technology – Boy, where they big! … and menacing … No, there is no question of a space station . 

Armstrong: Naturally – NASA was committed at that time, and couldn’t risk a panic on earth…. But it really was a quick scoop and back again. (Above Top Secret, p. 186)

Additionally, there are reports that upon arrival on the moon Armstrong witnessed structures on the surface resembling shops and other buildings obviously not designed by man. It is believed that while footage exists of these findings, the decision was made not to make these films public so as to not incite public panic.

WATCH THE VIDEO: 
NASA's unwillingness to move forward with lunar cities or even stations can easily be explained by the fear of going against the will of a much more advanced race. Armstrong stated that this fear is what lead to the following Apollo missions to only include a quick landing and sample collection. With this limited access to the moon, NASA or any other space exploration organization would be greatly hindered in their efforts to establish surface space stations of any type and lunar colonies would be completely infeasible.

Could it be that human's exploration of the cosmos is closely regulated by alien races? What lengths would those races go to prevent space travel advancement by humans? Perhaps in the future, humans will gain the favor of the celestial inhabitants and be privy to the mysteries of beyond.

Disclose TV 
SOURCE ",0
13116,Federal Judge Blocks Indiana Abortion Law - The New York Times,"A federal judge on Thursday blocked an Indiana law that would have banned abortions based solely on a fetus’s disability or genetic anomaly, suggesting that it was an illegal limit on a woman’s   constitutional right. Judge Tanya Walton Pratt, of Federal District Court for Southern Indiana, also held up a state ban on abortions motivated solely by a fetus’s race or sex. In the preliminary injunction, Judge Pratt said limiting the reasons for an abortion was “inconsistent with the notion of a right rooted in privacy concerns and a liberty right to make independent decisions. ” While Judge Pratt’s injunction stops the law from taking immediate effect, and though she said the state would be unlikely to prevail at trial, the state can still defend the legislation. In a statement, the Indiana attorney general’s office said state lawyers would consider how to proceed and whether to appeal the injunction. Indiana would have been the first state to have a blanket ban on abortions based solely on race, sex or suspected disabilities, including evidence of Down syndrome. A handful of states have bans on abortion based on sex, one state has a ban based on race, and two have bans based on genetic anomalies, according to the Guttmacher Institute, a nonprofit abortion rights group that tracks state laws. Judge Pratt’s decision, the first in a federal court to indicate that a ban on abortion because of genetic anomalies would likely be unconstitutional, is the latest setback for   groups. It comes days after a landmark Supreme Court ruling in a Texas case that two other kinds of restrictions  —   requiring doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at local hospitals and imposing stringent   standards on abortion clinics  —   are unconstitutional. The Texas measures would have forced many clinics to shut down. In language that is expected to echo nationally, the Supreme Court held in its Monday ruling that the benefits of any such restrictions must be closely scrutinized and weighed against the burdens on women’s access to abortion. Cecile Richards, the president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said in a statement that “momentum from Monday’s landmark decision” was aiding in challenges to abortion restrictions in Indiana and elsewhere. “These unconstitutional laws punish women, and we will bring them down, law by law and state by state,” Ms. Richards said. “We have been fighting these restrictions on all fronts for years, organizing in the field, building for this moment  —   and now the wind is at our backs. ” Kara Brooks, a spokeswoman for Gov. Mike Pence, said in a statement on Thursday that the governor was “disappointed” in the ruling and “remains steadfast in his support for the unborn, especially those with disabilities. ” Judge Pratt’s decision was also criticized in a statement by Indiana Right to Life, which noted that the jurist had been nominated by President Obama. That group’s chief executive, Mike Fichter, said the ruling “denied the civil rights of unborn children” and was “an appalling human rights injustice. ” Thursday’s case in Indiana was argued long before the new Supreme Court decision, and Judge Pratt’s opinion made no reference to it. Her ruling rested largely on the argument that the state, as established in a series of cases starting with Roe v. Wade in 1973, cannot impede a woman’s right to decide to have an abortion until the fetus is viable outside the womb, usually at around 24 weeks. Judge Pratt said “irreparable harm” would have occurred had that part of the law taken effect as scheduled on Friday. “Difficult moral and complicated health decisions are made by women whose pregnancies are affected by a prenatal fetal anomaly,” Judge Pratt wrote in her ruling. “Given the relatively short time frame in which women may elect to terminate a pregnancy, even a short disruption of a woman’s ability to do so could have significant consequences. ” Indiana’s law, signed in March by Mr. Pence, was framed by abortion foes and legislative Republicans as a way to prevent discrimination in abortions, in particular the fetuses with Down syndrome. Mr. Pence, a Republican, said that he signed the law “with a prayer that God would continue to bless these precious children, mothers and families. ” But the local chapters of Planned Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union challenged the measure, claiming the law posed an undue burden to women and restricted freedom of speech, and asking Judge Pratt for the preliminary injunction she issued on Thursday. That injunction also sets aside a portion of the law that imposed new restrictions for disposing of fetal remains. Indiana’s law was exceptional for its breadth, but the restrictions it included were not unprecedented. Such legislation has become more common and has gained traction in many   statehouses. Dawn Johnsen, an Indiana University law professor who has pushed for abortion rights, said Thursday’s injunction was an important step toward invalidating such legislation. “It’s very strong reaffirmation of the constitutional right as the Supreme Court has interpreted it, but applied to new, creative, harmful restrictions,” Ms. Johnsen said. The Indiana measure had been controversial from the start, and Mr. Pence waited until his deadline before signing it into law. In the weeks that followed, abortion rights supporters rallied outside the Capitol against the law and started an online “Periods for Pence” campaign that encouraged women to tell the governor about their reproductive health.",0
13117,Comment on Like a ‘Concentration Camp’ Police Mark DAPL Protesters with Numbers & Lock Them in Dog Kennels by marlene,"Posted on October 30, 2016 by Claire Bernish 
Cannon Ball, N.D. — On Thursday, police from no less than five states sporting full riot gear and armed with heavy lethal and nonlethal weaponry, pepper spray, mace, a number of ATVs, five tanks, two helicopters, and military-equipped humvees showed up to tear down an encampment of Standing Rock Sioux water protectors and supporters armed with … nothing. 
Under orders from the now-notorious Morton County Sheriff’s Office, this ridiculously heavy-handed standing army came better prepared to do battle than some actual military units fighting overseas. 
But the target of their operation — a group of slightly more than 200 Native American water protectors and supporters opposing construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline — never intended to do battle with the armed, taxpayer-funded, corporate-backed, state-sponsored aggressors. 
Reports vary, but no less than 141 people were arrested Thursday, and — according to witnesses — police marked numbers on arrestees’ arms and housed them in cement-floored dog kennels , without any padding, before they were transported as far away as Fargo. 
“It goes back to concentration camp days,” asserted Oceti-Sakowin coordinator Mekasi Camp-Horinek, who, along with his mother, was marked and detained in a mesh kennel, reports the Los Angeles Times . 
Although Thursday’s incident remained relatively peaceful for some time, with only shouts, chants, and occasional attempts by water protectors to convince this standing army to examine its motives and reconsider, clashes nonetheless broke out — solely because of gratuitous police aggression. 
After facing off for a couple hours, these militant cops began closing in on the water protectors to shut down the Treaty of 1851 camp — in reference to the Fort Laramie Treaty of that year, which established a large parcel of land designated exclusively Native American territory not to be disturbed by the U.S. government. Prior to his arrest, Camp-Horinek had established the camp, stating, as cited by Indigenous Rising : 
“Today, the Oceti Sakowin has enacted eminent domain on DAPL lands, claiming 1851 treaty rights. This is unceded land. Highway 1806 as of this point is blockaded. We will be occupying this land and staying here until this pipeline is permanently stopped. We need bodies and we need people who are trained in non-violent direct action. We are still staying non-violent and we are still staying peaceful.” 
Despite the water protectors’ commitment to nonviolence, the militarized police response went as would be expected — horribly awry. 
“A prayer circle of elders, including several women, was interrupted and all were arrested for standing peacefully on the public road,” stated a press release from Indigenous Environment Network. “A tipi was erected in the road and was recklessly dismantled, despite law enforcement statements that they would merely mark the tipi with a yellow ribbon and ask its owners to retrieve it. A group of water protectors was also dragged out of a sweat lodge ceremony erected in the path of the pipeline, thrown to the ground, and arrested.” 
Claims to the contrary by Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier aside, Native American and Indigenous water protectors and supporters have refrained from violent acts on the whole, preferring instead peaceful prayer vigils and acts of civil disobedience. 
No matter how peacefully the opposition acts, armed defenders of Big Oil interests seem determined to brutalize , disrespect, and generally incite and inflict violence against those who desire unsullied water for generations to come. 
In fact, at the beginning of September, a private security firm hired by Energy Transfer Partners, the company responsible for pipeline construction, indiscriminately unleashed vicious attack dogs on water protectors, press, and supporters — for reasons as yet unknown. 
During the savage attack, a pregnant woman, young girl, and many others suffered serious dog bites thanks to the ineptitude of the dogs’ handlers. Afterward, a warrant for inciting a riot was issued Democracy Now! journalist Amy Goodman — for doing her job, filming events as they happened — though charges were subsequently thrown out. 
Although ETP and some law enforcement officers defended the barbarous actions of the private security mercenaries, the Guardian now reports that — because the guards lacked proper licensing — they could now face criminal charges. On Wednesday, the Morton County Sheriff’s Office made the determination that “dog handlers were not properly licensed to do security work in the state of North Dakota.” 
Bob Frost, owner of Ohio-based Frost Kennels, told the Guardian , “All the proper protocols … were already done. I pulled my guys out the next day because we weren’t there to go to war with these protesters.” 
Frost insisted he had cooperated with authorities investigating the incident — but the sheriff’s department disagrees. Seven handlers and dogs were deployed to the scene in early September, allegedly in response to reports of trespassers; but, according to the Guardian , police have only managed to identify two people. 
The sheriff’s department claims Frost has not provided necessary information, and unnamed security officials cited in the report said that “there were no intentions of using the dogs or handlers for security work. … However, because of the protest events, the dogs were deployed as a method of trying to keep the protesters under control.” 
In a statement cited by the Guardian , Morton County Captain Jay Gruebele said, “Although lists of security employees have been provided, there is no way of confirming whether the list is accurate or if names have been purposely withheld.” 
Water protectors, in the meantime, are left to deal with absurdly disproportionate state violence — and the altogether unacceptable, disrespectful, and demeaning insult of being relegated to dog kennels after being arrested for exercising their rights. 
As Lakota Country Times editor Brandon Ecoffey wrote in an editorial Thursday, 
“Over the course of the last several months the abuse of detainees by Morton County Law Enforcement has overstepped every boundary guaranteed by the American constitution. Water protectors have been seen being bound and hooded by police. People are being stripped searched and abused within their jail for misdemeanor crimes. And police have employed the use of mass surveillance through drones on the protector camps. This isn’t a war zone this is North Dakota.” Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
13118,WATCH: UT Students Protest Trump,Students at the University of Texas (UT) at Austin took to marching across their school campus in response to Tuesday’s election outcome.  ,0
13119,"‘I Want to Kiss America’: A Woman Who Fled Nazis, Then Russia, Makes a Life in Brooklyn - The New York Times","Under the cover of night, the family crowded into a wagon used to carry animals to flee the Nazi troops marching toward their hometown, Nalchik, in   Russia. It was 1942, and Polina Davydova’s father had returned from war wounded and requiring crutches to walk. He was now orchestrating the family’s escape farther south, to Derbent, a city on the Caspian Sea. Fifteen family members were to leave. But after the journey began, Ms. Davydova’s grandmother counted heads  —   someone was missing. They called each person by name. When they reached Polina, no one answered. The    girl was missing. The danger of turning back was so great that her grandmother suggested continuing without her. But her father refused. Throwing aside his crutches, he jumped from the wagon, hailing Soviet soldiers in trucks and begging them for a ride back to Nalchick. Just beyond the town’s borders, he found his daughter asleep on a suitcase. “I was my father’s favorite,” Ms. Davydova recently recalled, speaking in Russian through a translator. Ms. Davydova, now 77, often retells the family story of banding together. With a happy wistfulness, she speaks as though her father, mother, brothers, aunts, uncles, grandmother and cousins, who are all now gone, are back together, shuttling everyone toward safety. Inside her sparsely decorated apartment on Ocean Avenue near Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn, the few items there remind her of her home country. A mezuza hangs by the door, providing a blessing for peace to all who enter, according to family tradition. The walls are lined with a hamesh, which includes a rock from Israel pictures of Jerusalem and needlework from before her eyesight worsened. On a warm September day, sitting at a table in her living room, Ms. Davydova pored over family photographs and Jewish history books, one of which includes the only remaining photograph of her father. Pointing to the picture, she recounts the atrocities that befell her hometown following the family’s escape to Derbent. Relatives who had refused to leave were tortured by fascists in their homes, forced by soldiers to walk over broken glass with their bare feet. “If we hadn’t left, maybe this would have happened to us,” Ms. Davydova said. “My father saved our lives. ” In January 1943, the Soviet Army pushed into Nalchik and freed the city, allowing her family to return home. The family’s furniture had been stolen, belongings destroyed. “But it didn’t matter,” Ms. Davydova said. “We had returned to our own roof, our own home. ” Still,   sentiment persisted. When factory workers began to cut through a   cemetery in 1969, Ms. Davydova’s father gathered other members of his synagogue to raise money to build a fence. Angered by the fence, the factory workers beat her father’s chest with a large metal cross, she said, puncturing a lung, which contributed to his death two months later. “There were many years of fear,” she said. “Such fear  —   you can’t imagine. ” For 31 years Ms. Davydova was a preschool teacher in Russia. Afraid of the continued   and that her    son, Boris, would be deployed to Afghanistan, Ms. Davydova and Boris sneaked out of Russia in 1992. They took only two suitcases, leaving everything else behind to give the illusion that they were only going away for a brief vacation. She arrived in the United States with only $25 and a tourist visa. Arriving as a guest of her brother, who was already in America, she settled in Brooklyn, but Ms. Davydova was unable to legally work while she waited five years to be granted political asylum status, which she received in 1997. She was granted citizenship five years after that, in 2002. Even after she received the status, Ms. Davydova, who does not speak English fluently, struggled to obtain steady work and started making frequent trips to the hospital because of declining health. The medical bills added up, and after several years of heart problems, she underwent heart surgery in 2008 for a blocked artery. She suffers from low blood pressure and frequent fainting spells. She pays $900 a month in rent, and receives $820 in Supplemental Security Income and $194 monthly in food stamps. Her family helps her pay the bills when they are able. Help also came in the form of the Edith and Carl Marks Jewish Community House of Bensonhurst, a beneficiary agency of   of New York, one of the eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund. Marks JCH, a beneficiary agency of   of New York, provided Ms. Davydova with $1, 004 to cover one month’s rent and utilities in February 2016. “I gave my life to that country,” she said of Russia. “And I didn’t do anything in this country, but I want to kiss America because everything I have in this life comes from people in this country helping me. ”",0
13120,Trump Supporters Booby Trap Polling Place And Spill Blood Of Election Volunteer (VIDEO) | Addicting Info | The Knowledge You Crave,"on November 3, 2016 12:22 am · 
Donald Trump’s deplorable supporters aren’t waiting for the election results to start spilling blood. 
They’ve been threatening bloody violence ever since Trump began claiming that the election is “rigged” in favor of Hillary Clinton. And Trump has called for them to intimidate voters at polling places. 
In Texas last week, a Trump supporter was arrested for electioneering at a polling place because he was wearing one of Trump’s stupid hats and a “Deplorables” T-shirt to vote. 
Election code prohibits any person from electioneering within 100 feet of a polling place. 
Of course, Trump supporters threw a temper tantrum because they think the rules don’t apply to them. 
Well, now it looks like they have retaliated by setting up a booby trapped Trump sign at a polling place knowing that an official or volunteer would have to take the sign down. 
At Collin College in Plano, Texas a Trump sign was discovered zip-tied to an official polling location sign in direct violation of the election code that forbids electioneering at polling places. 
But when a volunteer went out to remove the sign they got a nasty surprise in the form of box cutter blades that were strategically hidden inside. The blades sliced into the volunteer’s hands and drew blood, requiring medical attention and prompting officials to order that signs be checked thoroughly before removal. 
“It just shows how far we have come in politics where people want to be so mean and so hateful to try and injure somebody who’s probably not got any political party persuasion one way or the other,” local Democratic Party campaign chair Steve Spainhouer said in response . “I think most people have already made their minds up at this point how they’re going to vote and so there’s nothing to gain by being mean spirited or hateful.” 
Here’s the video via KTVT . 
Frankly, this should be considered an act of domestic terrorism. Trump’s supporters have gone too far and it could get worse as Election Day approaches. And if Trump loses, his supporters have already threatened to try to overthrow the federal government in a bloody coup. 
Clearly, these people are deranged and the safety of voters and election officials are in danger. But you won’t hear Donald Trump condemning this act of violence. After all, he is the one inciting it. 
Featured Image: Darren McCollester/Getty Images Share this Article! ",0
13121,Mantracker: Covering Your Tracks and Avoiding an Ambush,"There has been rioting in the streets of every major city of the United States after the US presidential election and all of the governors have declared states of emergency. As you’re heading home from work, a presidential announcement is made that martial law has been declared, and the US government has temporarily suspended your rights under the Constitution. An executive order demanding the turn-in of all firearms has been signed and placed into effect. The federal government with the aid of local police departments and other state law enforcement agencies is now confiscating the firearms door-to-door. 
You’ve been catching all of this in a radio broadcast as the announcer in a faltering voice also states that the US is on the brink of war. As you turn off the main highway, listening to the news and heading home, you notice that there are a number of vehicles…about a half dozen black blazers and several police cars…parked outside of your house with federal agents pounding on your front door. The S has hit the fan, and it looks as if you might have to skip dinner. You drive by without stopping, only to see the road blocked off about 200 feet down and similar operations occurring at your neighbors’ homes. Parking your car off the shoulder, you grab your backpack and supplies from the vehicle. It’s time to run. 
Read part 1 of Mantracker here 
It is the hope of all decent people that such events do not occur. But what if they do? It’s time to make a getaway and not play around with the semantics or second guess any longer. This is just one reason out of innumerable that you may be on the run and the hunt has begun. Now is the time to focus your energies on getting away. Let’s cover some of the basics and finer points now, in this article to prepare you for bleak circumstances such as the outlined scenario.
Basic Escape and Evade Techniques Part of your E & E , your Escape and Evasion is going to depend on how much notice you receive before you are actually being pursued. The situation above is a bleak one: the hunted individual is about to be stripped of all of his belongings and equipment. He must now retreat from what was to be his retreat and cut his losses.
1. Know the area of your immediate E&E Urban , suburban , or rural , you have to focus on cover and concealment. Cover physically protects you (in varying degrees) from gunfire. Concealment may provide cover, but primarily it obstructs or prevents your pursuers/attackers from seeing you. In an urban or suburban area, it is difficult to slip undetected into the woodline, due to the higher population density and the scarcity of woods. Have you pre-planned a hide location until you can escape the populated area under cover of darkness? Do you have some maps to aid you in your endeavors?
6 laws of survival 
How to create a bug out plan 
A rural area is a better start. The woods can hide you, support you, and shelter you if you know how to use them. When you enter the woods, you want to stay off any main paths or trails and “bust brush” as much as possible.
2. Keep your signature low, and cover your tracks When you’re “busting brush,” you want to move through the woods and thickets through the paths of least resistance, taking care not to break off branches or step into places that leave a noticeable (and trackable) sign, such as a dried, muddy creek bed or open area with snow on the ground. You can take a stout pine branch with needles (green is best) to brush away signs of your passage akin to a broom. Make sure you take the branch off of the direction of your travel, so the trackers don’t see a branch removed from the tree. Move stealthily and with a purpose, don’t just stagger through the brush with your emotions getting the best of you. Focus and concentrate on taking care with each step, yet don’t move as slowly as a sloth.
3. Don’t make tracks if possible One method is to take two heavy trash bags and place a good quantity of leaves and twigs in them. Take two to three sticks and lash them to the bottoms of your shoes/boots. Stepping into the bags, tie them off around your feet up by the instep. This will break up the pattern of your boot-print and enlarge the surface area of your tread…spreading your weight out to prevent you from making a track. You’ll have to fix and adjust the bags periodically. The thick contractor-type bags are the best that can take the wear. Don’t walk all over or step over things such as a moss-covered log that will show you’ve stepped there.
4. Move at night after the initial escape Once you’ve put some distance between yourself and the pursuer(s), wait until it’s dark before you travel again. This is as the situation dictates, depending on how badly they want you. It may be necessary to flee and postpone that normal wait time until it’s dark out of urgency. When moving at night, be aware of the moon and the amount of light that is on you. Cover up exposed portions of the skin, both to protect your body and to shield you from reflecting any light.
5. Mask your smell Mud, dirt, and other “stuff” can be rubbed all over you to help conceal your scent, as dogs may come into play. If you wear cologne or any other fragrance, wash it off when the opportunity presents itself from a stream or creek.
6. Dogs could be your worst nightmare A tracking dog can present a problem. Bleach or cayenne pepper can help to throw those dogs off the scent. Another thing you can prep in advance is skunk scent. You see one as a roadkill? Remove the glands and store them in an airtight container, glass is best. Later you can use this either through diluting (a container with water and a little of the gland/musk added to the container), and then spreading it in the area the dogs will travel. The more the merrier.
Rule: You don’t beat the dog; you beat the handler . If you come to a fence? Happy Birthday, especially if the fence is a long one that’s high. Chain-link is the best. Where you can, cross the fence. When you’re across run down about 30-40 feet, and then re-cross it, going back to the first side. Run another 30-40 feet, and then climb across again. Do this over and over again, the whole length of the fence. Take care when you cross over it not to run right along it…go out and away from the fence, perpendicular to it by about 10-15 feet, and then come back in at the end of 30-40 feet.
The dog will have to keep the trail, and the handler will have to put the dog(s) over the fence, and then climb over to follow…the handler will be half dead after about a couple hundred feet of this.
The real art is at the end of the fence to take a “hide” sight, watch where they appear, double back, and then go across from the first (original) crossing point on the fence, and head on a 90-degree angle away from all of it. That’ll kill them.
With dogs, take ‘em on a “joy ride” and give them plenty of fairly steep rocks to climb, hills to traverse, and bust through brush and stickers the whole time…this will give the dogs a hard time and half kill the handler. It’s up to you if you want to ambush them when they’re most tired or when you see the opportunity.
Take out the handler or handlers first. The dogs are not your enemy: they’re a tool in the hands of men who know how to use them. You should be armed: the 2 nd Amendment gives you the permission, and it’s up to you to actually use it…it is one of your rights. Use your own judgment as to whether to take out the dogs or not. Don’t forget to capitalize on the resources the handler may have left you when you deal with him. A radio might come in handy for the cross-chatter, and you may also have more equipment and tools.
7. Areas to avoid while fleeing Open areas are an invite to be picked up, or to be seen from even a tremendous distance. Skirt the woodline, staying back within it by at least 30 to 50 feet. Bodies of water should only be crossed when you must. Don’t worry…the dogs can pick up your trail on the other side, and maybe even better when you’re dripping water all over the place. Tunnels are death-traps; stay out of them at all cost, especially man-made tunnels. Better to walk another ¼ mile than enter a concrete tunnel where even a ricochet bullet from a pursuer may find its mark. Stay away from all human habitations and avoid any main roads or built-up areas with a lot of human traffic.
8. They know your needs and have the edge (so they think) You have to drink, eat, and sleep. They know it. They can work in shifts, and have the manpower to continue the search uninterrupted. You must eat on the move, drink on the move, and sleep in “bursts” that give you enough time to rest, yet ample time as they move closer to you.
9. Use every means at your disposal You have to get away, or you can end up in a FEMA camp , a prison, or worse. Live off of the land …that’s why you have been studying and training so much…it has to be in preparation for the worst-case scenario and this is it! You’ll have to feed yourself from the rivers and streams , shield any fire that you may use, construct camouflage lean-to’s and “spider holes” to hide in. You also need to plan on where you’re eventually going to go to completely evade the pursuers and give them the slip. Adapt, overcome, and survive .
10. Know their relentlessness Look at guys such as Eric Rudolph and the Unabomber. They’ll hound you to the very corners of hell, and for decades. When does it end? It never ends…just as your preparations never truly end.
In the type of scenario that we just outlined at the beginning of this article, it ends when we have restored the Constitution of the United States to its primacy as the law of the land. It ends when we can form a government of the people, by the people, and for the people that governs with such a mindset. It ends when we can be safe and secure with our neighbors and our own family members…not having to constantly look over our shoulder to see if “Big Brother” is watching you.
Therefore, in reality, it never ends. Even in times of good, you must always be vigilant that things do not take a turn for the worse and denigrate into what we have now. Nothing is new under the sun. We have seen such times before and we’ll see them again. Prepare yourself mentally and physically for the challenges ahead of you, and keep fighting that good fight…one day at a time. JJ out! 
Jeremiah Johnson is the Nom de plume of a retired Green Beret of the United States Army Special Forces (Airborne). Mr. Johnson was a Special Forces Medic, EMT and ACLS-certified, with comprehensive training in wilderness survival, rescue, and patient-extraction. He is a Certified Master Herbalist and a graduate of the Global College of Natural Medicine of Santa Ana, CA. A graduate of the U.S. Army’s survival course of SERE school (Survival Evasion Resistance Escape), Mr. Johnson also successfully completed the Montana Master Food Preserver Course for home-canning, smoking, and dehydrating foods.
Mr. Johnson dries and tinctures a wide variety of medicinal herbs taken by wild crafting and cultivation, in addition to preserving and canning his own food. An expert in land navigation, survival, mountaineering, and parachuting as trained by the United States Army, Mr. Johnson is an ardent advocate for preparedness, self-sufficiency, and long-term disaster sustainability for families. He and his wife survived Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath. Cross-trained as a Special Forces Engineer, he is an expert in supply, logistics, transport, and long-term storage of perishable materials, having incorporated many of these techniques plus some unique innovations in his own homestead.
Mr. Johnson brings practical, tested experience firmly rooted in formal education to his writings and to our team. He and his wife live in a cabin in the mountains of Western Montana with their three cats.
This information has been made available by Ready Nutrition 
Originally published November 14th, 2016 How Your Guard Dog Security Could Easily Be Compromised ManTracker: How to Be One and How to Avoid One How To Navigate Using the Sun and Stars A Green Beret’s Guide to Improvised Home Defense, Part Land Navigation: Finding Your Way in an Urban Environment… ",0
13122,WH Press Secretary Says Obama's Denial About Clinton Server Was 'Entirely Factual'," 
After the release of a WikiLeaks email chain from March 2015 on Tuesday in which a top Clinton aide admitted President Barack Obama falsely claimed he did not know about Hillary Clinton’s private server use while she was secretary of state, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest sprung into action to deny that the president had lied about the issue.
“What the president said was an entirely factual response,” Earnest said to a group of reporters in Los Angeles where Obama was attending Democratic fundraisers.
Earnest then attempted to explain away all criticism of the president’s actions as mere conspiracies.
 
Related Stories Hannity Proposes A Sendoff For Obama In The Event Of A Trump Presidency WikiLeaks: Podesta Said Obamas ‘Don’t Need To Be This Nice’ To President Bush And First Lady WikiLeaks Reveals Obama Knew About Clinton’s Emails; ‘Clean This Up’ “I recognize that some of the president’s critics have attempted to construct some type of conspiracy about the communication between the president and the secretary of state,” he said.
He continued, “But they’ve failed to put forward a conspiracy that withstands any scrutiny, so I guess they are back to recycling thoroughly debunked conspiracies.”
Obama himself denied any knowledge of the server, telling CBS reporter Bill Plante in March 2015, just after the server revelations that he learned of the Clinton’s private email server “the same time everybody else learned it through news reports.”
 
Several days after the server revelations in March 2015, Earnest told the press that Obama knew about Clinton’s email address and had sent messages to it but knew nothing about a private server.
He reiterated that position on Tuesday.
“The president did trade emails with Secretary Clinton, not a large number of them,” Earnest said.
“Of course the president had possession of Secretary Clinton’s email address, but he did not have any knowledge of where her server was located or what sort of arrangements had been made to store her email.”
 
Trending Stories Frustrated With Media Bias, Trump Campaign Takes Its Case Directly To Voters With Nightly Show On Facebook Independent Voters Push Trump To The Front In Florida And Ohio RNC Official Takes CNN Host To Task For Claiming There Is No Media Bias However, the Wikileaks email chain – which Earnest referred to as “stolen” and therefore illegitimate – tells a different story, with top Clinton aides seemingly in a panic that it could come to light that the president was lying when he said he did not know about Clinton’s private server.
“[L]ooks like POTUS just said he found out HRC was using her personal email when he saw it in the news,” Clinton spokesman Josh Schwerin said in a March 7, 2015 email published Tuesday by WikiLeaks.
“[W]e need to clean this up – he has emails from her – they do not say state.gov,” responded former Clinton chief of staff Cheryl Mills.
What do you think?",0
13123,PayPal Co-Founder And Major Trump Supporter Said Rape Accusations Are Just “Belated Regret”,"PayPal co-founder Peter Thiel has received tons of criticism for his wayward support of Donald Trump, and is coming under fire even more for his recent donation of $1.25 million to Trump’s... ",0
13124,Saudi Finance Minister Al Assaf Fired On Royal Orders,"Saudi Finance Minister Al Assaf Fired On Royal Orders   Source: Zero Hedge 
While mostly taking place behind the scenes, it has been a rather calamitous month for developments in Saudi Arabia: one day before the record, inaugural $17.5 billion Saudi bond priced, news broke that for the first time, a member of the Saudi Royal Family, had been executed for murder in what until then had been an unprecedented fall from grace for a member of the chosen royal elite. 
The very next day, as virtually everyone in the bond market knows, Saudi Arabia priced a massively oversubcribed - the first of its kind - international bond issue , taking advantage of rising oil prices on the back of Saudi jawboning about an OPEC production freeze deal which now appears unreachable (oil is down 4% as of this moment). The deal was seen by most as a major success for the Kingdom, one whose proceeds the local authorities had started to spend just as soon as the wire transfers were executed to get thousands of government staffers back to work . 
So it is perhaps quite surprising that less than 2 weeks after this historic bond sale, moments ago we learned thatthe long-serving Saudi finance minister had been relieved of his post on Royal orders . 
As Al Jazeera reports, Saudi Arabia's King Salman Bin Abdulaziz issued a Royal decree to appoint Mohammed Al-Jadaan as the new finance minister on Monday to replace Ibrahim Abdulaziz Al-Assaf. 
Saudi Arabia's Finance Minister Ibrahim Abdulaziz Al Assaf speaks to the media 
Jaddan had previously been the chairman of the Saudi Capital Market Authority . He replaces Ibrahim Alassaf, who has been appointed minister of state and a member of the council of ministers, according to the royal decree. 
While details of the transition are scarce, and it is unclear how Al-Assaf displeased the Saudi King, this is further evidence that a major power struggle is taking place behind the scenes, and whereas the terminated finmin should have been commended for his bond sale, the fact that he is being punished suggests that there is significiant infighting in the royal family, which will likely result in even more financial and political fallout for Saudi Arabia in the coming year, especially if oil continues its recent decline.",0
13125,"The Clinton Syndrome, Part 2: Can Hillary Escape This Time?","Financial Markets , Market Manipulation , U.S. Economy Clinton Foundation , FBI warrant , investigation of Hillary , James Comey FBI , Weiner laptop admin 
Stewart Dougherty presents the 2nd part of his disembowelment of the Clinton crime machine. The Weiner email bomb dropped in the middle of this. As it turns out, the Weiner lap-top mishap appears to a “Black Swan” of sorts that eluded Hillary’s tentacles of control. In the piece below, Stewart presents useful background knowledge and intellectual tools with which to help you analyze and interpret the next sequence of events before and after the election (assuming the election is not postponed). 
The information that emerges from the Weiner laptop is going to blow people’s minds – John Titus, Best Evidence Productions, in an upcoming Shadow of Truth 
Author’s Preface: We are far more interested in markets than politics. To us, free markets represent liberty in motion. But today, politics, and particularly the most corrupt political institution on earth, the Federal Reserve, have markets in a hammer-lock. At this point, we have to understand what is happening in politics in order to understand what is likely to happen in markets. We write a great deal about politics at this critical juncture in order to help you understand markets and achieve the financial freedom you desire and deserve. 
Regarding the breaking Clinton-scandal developments, we believe that in addition to the 650,000 emails retrieved from the Abedin / Weiner computer which are going to show a level of corruption in this nation never before even imagined let alone proved, the FBI’s decision to re-open the investigation was related to the Bundy acquittals on October 27, 2016. We believe that government officials are looking up the barrel of a full-blown American revolution. Not the shooting kind, but rather something much worse for them: complete moral rejection of government and Establishment corruption by the PRODUCTIVE CLASS in America, which threatens to rapidly spread into and cripple the American economy just ahead of the holiday selling season. 
The National Retail Federation has just reported that 25% of shoppers are waiting for the election outcome prior to deciding how much they are going to spend during the holidays, something the NRF has never seen before. If principled, productive people feel that this election was stolen from them by Clinton and Establishment corruption, they are going to shut down. They are going to WITHDRAW THEIR FINANCIAL CONSENT from a rigged, dirty system that is looting them and destroying their futures. While the government can effectively deal with many kinds of protest, it cannot even begin to deal with a general economic boycott by the productive class, even if it is just at the margin. (All profits are at the margin.) The consequences of such a boycott upon general business activity; tax receipts at all levels from municipal to federal; the stock and bond markets; and the national mood, with its extraordinarily complex and critical interconnections and ramifications would be monumental, and perhaps beyond all American precedent. 
Despite a multi-million dollar, taxpayer-funded Federal legal onslaught in the case against the Bundy’s and their co-defendants, the jurors re-confirmed something communicated throughout history. Namely, that while there are a very few things that universally disgust human beings, one of them is bullies. The people are not pleased, and the Establishment knows it is in trouble. Now on to our article.] 
The Clinton Syndrome Curse: A Clinton – Obama Co-Presidency. (The Clinton Syndrome: Part 2) 
In Part 1, we defined the Clinton Syndrome as a psychological condition in which voters develop a favorable attitude toward a political predator who deceives, disdains, swindles and abuses them. It is a variant of the Stockholm Syndrome, but much larger in scope and scale, as demonstrated by the fact that tens of millions of American voters currently exhibit the pathological condition. This Syndrome was identified by Inferential Analytics (IA), an accurate and reliable forecasting method we have developed and use. You can read a detailed explanation of the syndrome in our first article on the subject: “The Clinton Syndrome: The Establishment’s Weapon for National Conquest (Part 1)” LINK 
In this article, Part 2, we delve deeper into what the 2016 presidential election is really all about, and outline the consequences that will occur should the Clinton Syndrome prevail on November 8 th . The Clinton Syndrome has resulted in a potentially deadly national disease which will wreak havoc if it spreads out of control at this time. 
We regard as an existential threat to the United States the fact that tens of millions of American voters have no idea how deeply fraudulent the entire 2016 presidential campaign has been, from the very beginning. If Donald Trump had not appeared out of nowhere, this would never have been an election at all, but rather an orchestrated, planned enablement of the Clintons and their Establishment handlers to engage in unprecedented corruption, regime change and outright plunder. 
If successful, this still-active effort to fraudulently inject the Clintons into the power seat will become a multi-trillion dollar gift to the Establishment elite who know exactly how to profit from Clinton graft and corruption; will destroy what is left of the American economy, which simply cannot sustain four more years of intense looting and fraud; and will result in the outright overthrow of the American form of governance by a deadly new political system that we call “crony communism (outlined in our article: Crony Communism: Hillary Clinton’s Game Plan for America. LINK 
The people have been so confused and deceived by the multi-billion dollar avalanche of deliberately concocted lies and propaganda about this election that they don’t even know who is running for President on the Democrat ticket. 
Hillary Clinton has both a co-presidential and a vice presidential running mate, neither of which is Tim Kaine, a corrupt political suck-up and hack who was selected precisely because he will do exactly what he is told, not matter how criminal or immoral. 
Clinton’s co-presidential running mate is Barack Hussein Obama; her vice-presidential candidate is the United Nations. This is the Establishment’s Dream Team, cooked up to make the fastest possible progress toward their crony-communist and globalist overthrow of the United States. The Establishment realizes that the people are waking up fast to what is being done to them and their country. Therefore, they have put their corrupt machinations into high gear in order to beat the clock, which is ticking loudly. 
When people say that a vote for Clinton means four more years of Obama, they have their arithmetic wrong. A Clinton victory means eight more years of Obama in the next four, and a total knock-out for the nation. 
The Mainstream Media’s (MSM) deliberately false narrative is that Obama has been campaigning non-stop for Clinton because he wants to protect his “legacy,” and believes that Clinton will do this for him. 
This is yet another of the “Big Lie” mind bombs that have been dropped onto the American people’s heads during this colossally fraudulent, dishonest and propagandistic Establishment onslaught to get Clinton elected. 
This narrative is meant to suggest that Barrack Obama wants to retire, and then ride out the rest of his life looking upon his “legacy.” 
There are two problems with this story. First, Obama’s legacy is already blowing up in his and the entire nation’s face, so there is nothing Clinton will be able to do to salvage it. Obamacare and the Iran Deal are just two examples among dozens of the collapse of Obama’s so-called legacy, which would much better be called a national damnation. 
The second problem is that Obama is only 55 years old and has not given even ONE indication our model can detect that he actually wants or intends to retire. (Soros, one of his champions, is 86 years old and still wreaking havoc worldwide. These people never stop until the Reaper drops in.) In fact, what we see in Obama is the exact opposite: he demonstrates a strong desire not only to remain on the political stage, but to assume a larger presence upon it. 
Speaking at a rally in Philadelphia on September 13, 2016 (while Hillary was at home recovering from “pneumonia”), Obama said, “It’s good to be back on the campaign trail.” He then said, “I really, really, REALLY want to elect Hillary Clinton.” (Please carefully consider that sentence, because it is a textbook example (although just one of hundreds over the years) of Obama’s pathological Narcissistic Personality Disorder (NPD). He did not say, “I really, really, REALLY want YOU [the people to whom he was speaking] to elect Hillary Clinton,” but rather, “I really, really, REALLY want to elect Hillary Clinton,” making the people’s national election all about himself. Comments such as this are extraordinarily important to our analysis, and their significance has been borne out time and again over our 15+ years of doing this work. Paradoxically, the smallest factors often have the greatest implications. 
Later in the same speech, Obama boasted (our comments added within brackets): “More Americans are working [in part time, minimum wage jobs], more have [100% subsidized] health care, incomes are rising [for the establishment elite], poverty is falling [according to false, politically doctored numbers] and gas is $2.00 a gallon. Thanks, Obama!!!” In Obama’s narcissistically crippled mind, the entire United States economy is a function of one thing and one thing only: him. Narcissists in positions of power are extremely destructive (e.g. Obamacare), because they are completely out of touch with what is happening in the real, as opposed their self-flattering fantasy world. In any event, this kind of campaign bragging, swagger and grandiosity is not indicative of someone who plans to retire from politics in the next few weeks. 
Obama’s clear desire to remain in the game makes him valuable to Clinton, while also making Clinton valuable to him. Intersecting motives are where deals get done. And a Clinton – Obama collaboration would be ideal for the Establishment. Obama has been the gift that keeps on giving to the elite, as they have raked in trillions from his presidency. They want as much of Obama as they can get, because he is a money machine. (For example, witness Obama’s continuing efforts to ram the TPP, an Establishment fraud against the people, down the nation’s throat. Obama does whatever the Establishment tells him to do, in the full knowledge his “Library” Slush Fund will be richly rewarded for his efforts, just as the Clinton Slush Fund has been enriched by more than $1.8 billion, with a “b,” for the Clinton sell-out of people to the elite.) 
Obama is the most internationally-traveled president in the nation’s history, having made 51 international trips to 56 different countries during his two terms in office. It is as if he has been running for international office, and now we can see that he has been. His globetrotting has required strength, stamina and energy, the exact physical attributes that Clinton, who has been pictured requiring assistance to climb a short set of stairs, lacks. Given her health issues, Clinton cannot possibly perform on a global stage going forward; she will be lucky to successfully navigate the White House. 
This presents a problem. For the Establishment agenda to be fully executed, Clinton needs international support, and ideally, that international mandates be imposed upon the United States. But she will not be capable of traveling internationally to seal the deals that must get done. 
This is where Obama comes in. While he would never step “backwards” into a role such as, for example, Secretary of State (an ego-wounding demotion), his passion for continued political involvement would find an excellent home at the United Nations. 
In this Inferential Analytics scenario, Hillary Clinton will get Obama placed in a high level United Nations position. The United States pays for roughly 25% of total United Nations annual budget, far more than any other nation, and still has clout even though more and more countries are turning their backs on America. 
Other nations would support the idea of a senior role for Obama if it were made clear to them that his mission would be to continue the “fundamental transformation” of the United States that he promised during his 2008 campaign and has been conducting ever since. This “transformation” has done extreme damage to the United States, and while it has been a disaster for America, it has been good for the rest of the world. Finally, they see a means by which to bring the United States to heel. The idea of the further weakening of the United States will sound to them like a very good deal. The one assurance they will seek is that in exchange for giving Obama an important role at the U.N., Obama will get Clinton to agree not to incinerate the northern hemisphere in a nuclear war, at least not until they have finalized their preparations for it. 
A Clinton – Obama co-presidency will be a double body-blow to the nation, with Clinton turning it into a corrupt, crony-communist Establishment lootocracy from within, and Obama destroying it from without. 
Leveraging the United Nations, Clinton and Obama can effect two personal agendas they have long sought: gun control, and a multi-million person “open borders” invasion of America. The first agenda will disarm the people, which has been Job #1 in every communist takeover in history; the second will ensure that the “Last American Presidential Election” occurs on November 8, 2016. In the future, presidents and all other politicians and government agency heads will be appointed by the Establishment, exactly as happens in communist regimes. While there might be “show elections,” the outcomes will have been pre-determined at every level far in advance. 
A Clinton – Obama co-presidency will also ensure that other Establishment objectives are met. These include the institution of carbon taxes (an enormous and unprecedented new revenue source and looting opportunity); the passage of the TPP (an Establishment bonanza); and the maximum-possible imposition of the New World Order regime change agenda upon the nations and their people. 
While Obama could advance the Establishment’s aims in virtually any high level position at the U.N., a role that would make him particularly deadly at the outset would be Co-chair of the United Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR), joining current head Filippo Grandhi. 
Obama could make his appointment a matter of smooth sailing by stating his belief that the United States is a large, wealthy, relatively under-populated nation that could rapidly absorb a large number of immigrants. By promising to tap into the country’s private wealth, Obama could warrant that all new immigrants would be fully covered by the country’s comprehensive welfare system upon arrival, which is exactly what happens today. This idea would be intoxicating to the new Secretary General of the United Nations, Antonio Guterres, who was the former head of the UNHCR and is an avowed socialist. 
The United Nations currently reports the existence of more than 60,000,000 displaced persons and refugees in the world. If the United States pledged to take in, say, 5,000,000 of them, senior U.N. officials would be delighted. What would they have to lose? Dealing with the integration and cost issues would be America’s problem, not theirs. The U.N. could pass a resolution, written by Obama in such a way as to make it convertible into an Executive Order by Clinton, mandating the acceptance of these refugees by the United States. Clinton would put up her hands and say, “I didn’t do it. The U.N. did it, and we must do our “fair share,” while also complying with international law and being decent and responsible international citizens.” 
As we have pointed out in the past, the United States government is irredeemably bankrupt by any accounting definition one wishes to use. With $20,000,000,000,000.00 in on-the-books debt, another $10,000,000,000,000.00 in debt projected to be added over the next decade (it will be far greater than this, given current trends), and at the very minimum another $120,000,000,000,000.00 in unfunded debt and contingent liabilities, there is absolutely no way the government can ever pay its obligations. So you might wonder, how could the government possibly pay for an immigrant invasion of this magnitude? 
The answer is, the government won’t pay for it; the people will. This is what crony communism is all about. It is estimated that today, there is roughly $70 trillion in private wealth in America. Assuming that half of it, or $35 trillion belongs to the cronies and is off-limits, this leaves $35 trillion that is available for expropriation and looting. While this is certainly not enough to fix America’s fiscal problems, not even close, it could fund 4 years’ worth of radical fiscal adventurism as well as crony communism regime change. 
As Hillary Clinton has repeatedly said during this campaign, “We are going to go where the money is,” and if you don’t take that statement seriously, we believe you are making a very big mistake. She and top colleagues such as Sanders and Warren have said in plain English, at a high decibel level that they are coming for your money, and they are, because in their minds, you don’t deserve to have any. Just as Obama once famously said, in a rare, honest, off-script, non-tele-prompted moment, “If you have a business, you didn’t build that,” he and his fellow crony communists also believe, “If you have saved some after-tax money, you don’t deserve to have that.” To them, any savings you possess represent funds the government should have gotten its hands in the first tax cycle, but didn’t. They intend to rectify that error going forward. 
We have outlined this theme to demonstrate that this election is about an agenda that very few people understand, because it has deliberately been withheld from them. In actuality, the voters have no idea what Clinton truly stands for, or what the Establishment agenda, which she fully believes in and will implement, really is. The stakes in this election are therefore greater than those of any other election in our nation’s history, in our view. This is why the Establishment has spent billions of dollars rigging it. They intend to collect trillions in plunder on the other side, but they can only do so if it goes their way. As we have already seen, they will stop at nothing to get what they want. 
Some Implications of a Clinton – Obama Co-presidency: 
Here is a snapshot of the forecast generated by IA in the event of a Clinton – Obama victory: The Clinton – Obama Co-presidential regime will be the most secretive and non-transparent presidency in U.S. history. Clinton will become invisible, just as she often has during the campaign, not just for health reasons, but because she will turn her back on everyday citizens, whom she disdains, once she gets the prize she has sought her entire life. Obama will make secret deals all over the world (think of the secret Iran cash payments and deal, and his behind-the-scenes agitating for TPP, but on a much larger scale, as illustrations). Every one of these deals will be a dagger in the nation’s back. The American people will never again know the truth about what actually goes on behind government doors, or about the corruption that infects the entire political and establishment system. The political class will never again allow itself to suffer Wikileaks-like exposure. Politics will shift to a CIA-like “need to know” model, where information is doled out selectively and in piece-parts. Only a very few at the top will know the overall agenda, and the full set of tactics being employed to achieve it. Anyone who compromises or exposes the system will simply be executed. (Seth Rich comes to mind.) Going forward, the people will know absolutely nothing about what is really happening in Washington, D.C., or about the D.C. / Wall Street and Establishment initiatives. Orwell’s prophecy, “1984,” which is already quite real, will become even more so. The United States will experience an accelerating Brain Drain. Forward-thinking people will realize that America’s slide into predatory crony-communism can and will never be reversed, and that it will be impossible for them and their loved ones to get ahead in such a corrupt, suffocating environment. (Imagine being scolded, lectured, insulted and talked down to on a regular basis by people like Clinton, Obama and Warren, because that is exactly what will happen.) Progressive countries will put out the welcome mat for hard-working, principled, skilled, entrepreneurial Americans. No one will want America’s whining, lazy, non-productive, “entitled” mooches. That’s just a fact. Virtually every nation anyone would actually want to move to for a better opportunity grades potential immigrants according to age, education, language proficiency, skills and likelihood to be productive. Prospects are disqualified if they do not earn a sufficient score. No sensible nation on earth wants to bring in do-nothings whose only capability is to leech off its producers. Productive Americans who remain in the country for their own reasons will quietly adopt a John Galt mindset, sidestepping the corruption and crony communist expropriation by shutting down, dropping out and fading off the radar screen. This will result in an immediate slow-down of business activity, which will ultimately lead to economic collapse. Given that all profits are at the margin, relatively small percentage declines in sales can entirely wipe out income. The John Galt effect will result in the collapse of the nation’s many Ponzi schemes, such as Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, pensions (government and private) and the biggest one of all, Government Debt. These schemes simply cannot be maintained in a dramatically slowing business environment, no matter how much private wealth is looted. Government will take draconian steps to shut down all non-government-sanctioned news and information outlets. Their prime target will be the Alternative Media, which will only be further empowered, and embraced by the people. A powerful Resistance movement will spread like wildfire. Nonetheless, people should fill their minds with as much truth as they possibly can right now, because it will become much harder and more expensive to find in the future. Today’s Alternative Media is the greatest gift any people in history have ever received, and people should leverage it as best they can while they can. A steady retreat by government officials and establishment elitists to their multi-trillions of dollars’ worth of taxpayer-funded bunkers will occur, as they seek to hide from the American people, who will be waking up by the additional tens of thousands every day. A Federal Reserve December rate hike has a 0% chance of happening if Clinton is elected; there is a 100% chance of a rate hike if Trump is elected. The Fed is a totally political organization, and they will do everything they can to punish the voters and scorch the economic earth if the people choose Trump over the Establishment agenda the Fed has been 100% behind. If Clinton wins, people will IMMEDIATELY be bombarded with MSM reports about the implications of the 2016 election upon the 2018 mid-term and 2020 general elections. This will be part of a full-scale effort to inject mass quantities of Hopium into the Trump supporters’ brains, and get them to focus not upon the rigged election of 2016, but on the “next” election where, they will falsely be told, their vote will “really count!” In the meantime, the Establishment will be doing everything necessary to ensure that the 2018 and 2020 “elections” are completely rigged, fraudulent and meaningless. A massive move into real money will begin, and this will be the subject of our next article. There are developments in this sphere that you must know about, and one of the most important Inferential Analytics themes we have ever examined was triggered on October 27, 2016. We will have a full description in the next week or so. 
In conclusion, the 2016 election is an existential event for the United States. W believe that the situation is becoming so unstable that you have little time to do everything you can to prepare, and get your personal houses in order. We are writing to help as best we can, while we can. 
Stewart Dougherty 
Stewart Dougherty is the creator of Inferential Analytics, a forecasting method that applies to events proprietary, time-tested principles of human instinct, desire and action. In his view, forecasting methods not fundamentally based upon principles of human action are unlikely to be reliable over time. He is a graduate of Tufts University and Harvard Business School and has developed IA over a period of 15+ years. 
October 31, 2016",0
13126,Hospitals raise their prices despite public outcry from over-burdened patients,"Hospitals raise their prices despite public outcry from over-burdened patients 
Thursday, October 27, 2016 by: Ethan A. Huff, staff writer Tags: hospital visits , rising prices , healthcare costs (NaturalNews) When word got out last year that a handful of hospitals throughout Florida were massively price-gouging their patients, experts predicted that the outrageous bills for services at these care facilities would quickly drop in response. But the exact opposite occurred, a new investigation has found, with many of these same hospitals not only charging the same ridiculous prices, but in some cases drastically more .Researchers from the University of Miami looked at hospital prices both before and after the media picked up on the issue, evaluating the billing schemes at some 50 of the priciest Florida hospitals to see how they may have changed. They looked at these hospitals' total billing charges in the quarter of a year before news of the gouging first broke headlines, as well as in the quarter post-headlines.In a five-year period spanning from 2010–2015, Bayfront Health Dade City topped the list of Florida's most expensive hospitals, with price increases nearly doubling. Following were Kendall Regional Medical Center, Heart of Florida Regional Medical Center, North Okaloosa Medical Center and Sebastian River Medical Center.All of these facilities, and many others, despite having their names tarnished for taking advantage of patients, were found to still be charging the same or even higher prices in 2016, the researchers learned. Other than a minor setback of temporarily decreased share prices, these exploitative care facilities are continuing to get away with jacking their prices , and with no end in sight.""We were thinking we would see a drop or lowering of some charges,"" Karoline Mortensen, co-author of a study published in the Journal of Health Care Finance that looked at hospital prices both before and after the publicity, told The Washington Post (WP) . ""There's nothing stopping them. They're not being held accountable to anyone."" The insurance system is utterly broken, and uninsured patients are even worse off Part of the problem is that hospitals in most states can legally charge whatever they want for medical services because they know that a bulk of their patients' insurance companies will simply foot the bill. Insurance companies are responsible for negotiating rates, which they typically do on behalf of patients, so in the end prices decrease, at least to some degree.But hospital costs are still prohibitively and unnecessarily expensive in many cases – especially for patients who don't have insurance, and who thus have nobody to advocate on their behalf for fairer pricing schemes. In the end, hospitals are raking their uninsured patients over the coals, while these patients have little at their disposal to fight this medical' target='_blank'>http://www.medicalchoice.news/"">medical tyranny.Even government programs like Medicare and Medicaid negotiate better pricing in order to decrease costs, and yet hospitals are still overcharging them at an ever-accelerating rate. With the exception of Maryland and West Virginia, states have no regulatory functions in place to prevent such price-gouging, which is effectively ruining American healthcare.The other major factor is that among the http://www.naturalnews.com/hospitals.html>ho... included in the investigation only one operates as a non-profit. The rest are for-profit companies that apparently care more about making money than they do about caring for patients while charging a fair and appropriate rate for medical services.""As http://science.naturalnews.com/hospitals.htm... target=""_blank"">hospital charges continue to rise and the best path forward to address price transparency continues to elude policy makers and stakeholders, it is important to recognize that hospitals may not respond quickly to public exposure and these initiatives,"" the researchers concluded in their earlier study, which likely reflects trends all across the country.""The primary causes of extremely high markups in http://www.naturalnews.com/hospital.html>hos... markets are lack of price transparency and negotiating power of uninsured patients, out-of-network patients, and other disadvantaged payers."" Sources for this article include: www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/w... target=""_blank"">WashingtonPost.com",0
13127,Fed Hikes Interest Rates for Fourth Time Since Financial Crisis - Breitbart,"The Federal Reserve raised its benchmark rate on Wednesday for the fourth time since 2008. The central bank says it is targeting a range between 1 percent and 1. 25 percent for overnight borrowing between banks. [“Job gains have moderated but have been solid, on average, since the beginning of the year, and the unemployment rate has declined,” the Fed said in its analysis of current economic conditions. It noted that inflation has recently declined.  The Fed’s expectations for future rates suggest that there will be one more hike this year, in line with what the market had been expecting. Neel Kashkari, the head of the Minneapolis Fed, dissented from the Fed’s decision. He would have refrained from raising rates. The Fed also announced detailed plans for how it will unwind the large balance sheet it built up by buying bonds during the financial crisis and in the years that followed. Questions over how and when the Fed would shrink its balance sheet have been foremost in the minds of investors and monetary policy mavens for some time. The Fed said it would reduce its holdings later this year by not reinvesting some of the funds received when bonds it holds mature. Currently, the Fed reinvests all of the proceeds from maturing bonds. It was the Fed’s third consecutive rate increase, signaling a definitive end to the Fed’s   old economic stimulus scheme. The move indicates the Fed’s confidence in the stability of the economy, although it does not necessarily indicate that the Fed is attempting to slow economic growth. Monetary policy makers believe that low rates support economic growth by lowering the cost of borrowing for businesses, homebuyers and consumers raising rates is believed to reduce central bank support for the economy. The Fed’s move came after several disappointing data points appeared to indicate that the economy may be softening and hoped for tax cuts may be delayed longer than expected. Job creation in May came in lower than expected, at just 138. 000 jobs. Retail sales in May fell 1. 6 percent from the prior month, the biggest decline in 16 months. Economists had expected sales to increase in May, following a 0. 4 percent increase in April. Prior to the Fed announcement on Wednesday, consumer price data revealed that inflation unexpectedly fell in May. Core CPI, an economic indicator closely watched by the Fed because it excludes volatile food and energy costs, rose 1. 7 percent   . That was lower than expected and short of the Fed’s announced   target. The dollar was weaker prior to the Fed’s announcement but following the release of the soft economic data. Yields on   Treasuries, which are thought to reflect investor’s expectations of the path of future   rates, fell. Falling   yields indicate that investors are lowering their expectations for future   rates. The yield on   Treasuries was down 10 basis points to 2. 11 percent earlier Wednesday.      ",0
13128,Found this nugget in Podesta files Fastwalkers and DSP Program,"Found this nugget in Podesta files Fastwalkers and DSP Program page: 1 Found this in the Podesta files, ID # 30433. It's probably well known already, just thought I'd post it just in case. Podesta had forwarded this letter he received onto Leslie Kean. Date: 2015-03-06 John – Just tuck this in your UFO files for future reference. One of the government programs that collects hard data on unidentified flying objects is the USAF DSP satellite program. I can add a little insight to rumors published on the web. While I was never fully briefed into the DSP operation directly, I was introduced to them as the US prepared for Operation Desert Shield and Desert Storm. On occasion, I had lunch with a few of them in the cafeteria of a highly classified organization in El Segundo, CA. No one could get into the cafeteria without TS/SCI clearances, so this was not “lightweight group of gossipers.” One of these times, a member of that group was really excited – said they’d just picked up Fastwalker (I assumed that same day). He described how it entered our atmosphere from “deep space” (origin actually unknown, of course, but from the backside of the satellite) and zipped by the DSP satellite pretty closely on its way to earth. Not only was it going very fast but it made a 30 degree course correction (turn) which means it did not have a ballistic (free fall) reentry trajectory that a meteorite might have. So, it was under some sort of control – although whether it was “manned” or just “robotic” there’s no way to tell. Although its now 24 years later, one factoid makes me think the USAF is still collecting information on these Fastwalkers. Reading the current official USAF “DSP Fact Sheet” there is this line near the end: In addition, researchers at The Aerospace Corporation have used DSP to develop portions of a hazard support system that will aid public safety in the future. www.losangeles.af.mil... Also, much of the information on this site is accurate although I do not know the author or his sources: ufodigest.com... Somewhere within that USAF program office is many year’s worth of Fastwalker data. If someone were to collect and analyze it, patterns will emerge that provide information about the various types of craft and their destinations, which would add substantiation to eyewitness claims on the ground about UFO activity. Furthermore, it would be interesting to understand the dates of these appearances – is there a certain time of the every year they swarm in (which might indicate a resource mining operation) or might there be a correlation with major events on earth, (such as the detonation of the first atomic bomb at White Sands in 1945 although no DSP’s existed to provide any info on that particular event)? Regards,",0
13129,"Cher: Old, Out-of-Touch Democrats ’F*cked Up’ the 2016 Election","Pop icon Cher says that old,    Democrats and their flawed messaging is the reason why Donald Trump won the election. [In an extensive interview with Billboard published Friday, the    singer said the old Democratic party leaders   failed to connect with younger voters.  “The Democrats f*cked up so bad in their message, and how old [the leadership] is,” Cher said. “You’ve got to pray that old people die before young people can get involved with the party. ” Cher, who helped raise funds for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton’s campaign, said she “told Hillary she should have a group of millennials give their ideas about government. ” In January, the singer participated in the     Women’s March on Washington. Four months into his presidency, the “Believe” singer says she’s so incensed by Trump that she has to hide her phone from herself. “Since Trump was elected, I have to hide my telephone, because I’m so outraged. Twitter is like a drug,” Cher says of the platform she uses to skewer Trump. “It creeps into your life, and you have to say, ‘Time to put a stop to this. I’m a  . ’” Earlier this month, Cher compared Trump to a “mad King George III president,” called Republican House members “inhumane,” and predicted millions of people would die as a result of the   American Health Care Act. Though it has not yet been voted on in the Senate, the pop star still believes Trump’s health care bill will cause people to die. “The president is cheating and getting away with it, and using the White House to make money, and he’s going to take health care away from people, and people are going die. It’s outrageous,” she said. “You feel like you’re screaming ‘Fire!’ and no one’s listening. ”   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
13130,NYT Criticized for Its Dishonesty by Its Own Public Editor,"NYT Criticized for Its Dishonesty by Its Own Public Editor
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/11/12/new-york-times-publisher-vows-to-rededicate-itself-to-reporting-honestly.html 
The post NYT Criticized for Its Dishonesty by Its Own Public Editor appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
13131,Trump at Nat’l Prayer Breakfast: Let’s Pray for Arnold Schwarzenegger’s ’Apprentice’ Ratings - Breitbart,"President Trump cracks joke at National Prayer Breakfast: Let’s pray for @Schwarzenegger’s ’Apprentice’ ratings https:  .  pic. twitter.  Thursday at the National Prayer Breakfast, President Donald Trump opened his remarks with a joke about the ratings of NBC’s “The Apprentice” with Arnold Schwarzenegger as the host.  “When I ran for president, I had to leave the show,” Trump said. “That’s when for sure I knew I was doing it. And they hired a big movie star, Arnold Schwarzenegger to take my place. And we know how that turned out. The ratings went right down the tubes. It’s been a total disaster. And Mark will never ever bet against Trump again and I just want to pray for Arnold if we can  —   for those ratings, OK?” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
13132,Jane Fonda Pitches ’Trumpers’ Adult Diapers to ’Help With All the Leaks’,"Netflix’s Grace and Frankie stars Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin appeared on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert Monday night to riff on some of the legislative setbacks incurred by President Donald Trump’s administration. [“Hanoi Jane” Fonda  —   who once famously denounced American soldiers as “war criminals” during the Vietnam War  —   proposed a new business opportunity for Trump.  “Adult diapers that can be called ‘Trumpers,’ to help with all the leaks,” she said.  The duo, who first appeared onscreen together in the 1980 workplace comedy 9 to 5, joined in the Los   Women’s March in protest of Trump’s presidency. “Join us on Saturday! We will not be silent and will stand together. Visit https:  .  for info see you there! #WMLA #whyimarch,” Fonda wrote a tweet that has been deleted. At the end of their almost   interview, Fonda called attention to her jacket lapel as she and Tomlin showed Colbert their matching Planned Parenthood pins, in apparent support of the abortion giant. Fonda was among many stars, including Judd Apatow, and Patricia Arquette, who took part in a   Facebook Live telethon that aired during Trump’s presidential inauguration. The proceeds went toward Planned Parenthood and environmental group Earthjustice.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
13133,Turkey’s Erdogan Rebukes Lawmakers Over ’Leg-Biting’ Brawl,"ISTANBUL (AFP)  —   Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan took the country’s lawmakers to task Friday over an “ugly” brawl in parliament during a vote on a hugely controversial bill bolstering his powers left several injured. [The fight broke out on Thursday as lawmakers voted on parts of the   bill to change the constitution to create an executive presidency, with one deputy suffering a broken nose and another claiming his leg was bitten.  “A very ugly situation like breaking the nose of our deputy friend and biting the leg of another is not suitable for any member of parliament,” Erdogan said in a televised remarks in Istanbul. One MP was held in a chokehold while another was left bleeding from the head. The fighting saw chairs and punches thrown while an ornamental flower pot was also seen flying through the air. But the tensions so far do not appear to have slowed the new constitution’s passage which is being debated article by article and will have two readings. While critics say the move is part of a power grab by Erdogan for   rule, supporters say it will put Turkey in line with France and the US and is needed for efficient government. Eight of the 18 articles have now been approved with the   majority required for it to be submitted to a referendum expected late March or early April. The ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) has sufficient votes thanks to an alliance with the opposition Nationalist Movement Party (MHP). But the main opposition Republican People’s Party (CHP) is fiercely against the changes and has boycotted the vote. Erdogan said Friday after the fighting that if parliament “is incapable of working” then snap elections could be on the agenda. “It (early elections) could be conceivable. We could think about it,” he said. The CHP and AKP blamed each other for the fighting. AKP lawmakers took to Twitter to slam “the scumbag” who left tooth marks on their fellow MP. The biter’s identity was not made clear. There were reports Friday that a heavy and very expensive microphone seized from the chamber’s lectern had been broken off and used as a weapon during the rumpus. Despite the tensions, all articles of the bill have been passed easily so far and Erdogan said he believed the first round of voting would be “completed within the week”. “The real owners (of the constitution) are the people. They will decide on this,” he said about the referendum.",0
13134,Good News! First Sanctuary For Abused Circus Elephants Opens In Brazil,"Elephant Sanctuary Brazil is located on a 2,800-acre plot of land and will be home to 50 rescued circus elephants. By Amanda Froelich 
The glitz and glamor of a circus show might make it appear as if an elephant’s life with the troupe is a joyous one, but nothing could be further from the truth. After an elephant is domesticated and trained (aka – ‘ has its spirit broken ’), it spends the majority of its days in chains , is poked and prodded to perform crowd-pleasing feats, and often suffers injuries which result from living in abnormal conditions. Additionally, it’s not unusual for circus beasts to be beaten by their trainers .
Every now and again, fortunately, elephants made to perform for the purpose of entertaining humans are removed from the circus and relocated to sanctuaries. There, they are able to live among their kind and enjoy life on their terms. And now that the first elephant sanctuary in all of Latin America has opened, this is likely to become a reality for many more of the gargantuan land mammals.
Elephant Sanctuary Brazil will be located on a 2,800-acre plot of land. Located in Chapada dos Guimarães, Mato Grosso, the sanctuary will host 50 rescued circus animals. Animal rights activists secured the location for $1 million and are actively seeking elephants to take in.
According to GoodNewsNetwork , the first two elephants to find sanctuary were Guida and Maia, who are believed to have been rescued from Thailand where they performed in circuses. While the sanctuary will not be available to the public, it will post updates about the well-being of rescued elephants via Facebook and through the Global Elephant Sanctuary website .
Source: True Activist 
",0
13135,6 Books to Help Understand Trump’s Win - The New York Times,"For those trying to understand the political, economic, regional and social shifts that drove one of the most stunning political upsets in the nation’s history on Tuesday, we have some suggested reading from our critics and reviewers. THE UNWINDING: An Inner History of the New America, by George Packer (Farrar, Straus and Giroux) It’s possible that the book that best explains the American that elected Donald J. Trump appeared more than three years ago. In “The Unwinding,” George Packer took a   look at this country’s institutions and mores and was appalled by what he found. The book begins like a horror novel, which to some extent it is. “No one can say when the unwinding began,” he writes, “when the coil that held Americans together in its secure and sometimes stifling grip first gave way. ” What follows are profiles and meditations on personalities as diverse as Sam Walton, Oprah Winfrey, Elizabeth Warren and Newt Gingrich. He describes how Mr. Gingrich’s rhetoric, when he came to power in the late 1980s, changed the way elected leaders spoke to one another: “He gave them mustard gas, and they used it on every conceivable enemy, including him. ” His book hums with sorrow, outrage and compassion. (Dwight Garner) STRANGERS IN THEIR OWN LAND: Anger and Mourning on the American Right by Arlie Russell Hochschild (The New Press) In this finalist for the National Book Award in nonfiction, Ms. Hochschild looks closely at Tea Party supporters in Louisiana. In The New York Times Book Review, Jason DeParle wrote: “A distinguished Berkeley sociologist, Hochschild is a woman of the left, but her mission is empathy, not polemics. She takes seriously the Tea Partiers’ complaints that they have become the ‘strangers’ of the title  —   triply marginalized by flat or falling wages, rapid demographic change, and liberal culture that mocks their faith and patriotism. Her affection for her characters is palpable. “But the resentments she finds are as toxic as the pollutants in the marsh and metastasizing throughout politics. What unites her subjects is the powerful feeling that others are ‘cutting in line’ and that the federal government is supporting people on the dole  —   ‘taking money from the workers and giving it to the idle.’ Income is flowing up, but the anger points down. ” HILLBILLY ELEGY: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis by J. D. Vance (Harper) Mr. Vance’s memoir, which has spent time at the top of the   lists, describes his experiences growing up in a   steel town in Ohio. In her review in The Times, the critic Jennifer Senior wrote: “An investigation of voter estrangement has never felt more urgent, and we’re certainly not getting one from the lacquered chatterers on the boob tube. Now, along comes Mr. Vance, offering a compassionate, discerning sociological analysis of the white underclass that has helped drive the politics of rebellion, particularly the ascent of Donald J. Trump. Combining thoughtful inquiry with firsthand experience, Mr. Vance has inadvertently provided a civilized reference guide for an uncivilized election, and he’s done so in a vocabulary intelligible to both Democrats and Republicans. ” LISTEN, LIBERAL: Or, What Ever Happened to the Party of the People? by Thomas Frank (Metropolitan   Holt  Company) In The New York Times Book Review back in April, Beverly Gage wrote: “Liberals may be experiencing mixed emotions these days. The prospect of a Trump presidency has raised urgent fears: of the nation’s fascist tendencies, of the potential for riots in the streets. At the same time, many liberals have expressed a grim satisfaction in watching the Republican Party tear itself apart. Whatever terrible fate might soon befall the nation, the thinking goes, it’s their fault, not ours. They are the ones stirring up the base prejudices and epic resentments of America’s disaffected white working class, and they must now reap the whirlwind. “In his new book, the social critic Thomas Frank poses another possibility: that liberals in general  —   and the Democratic Party in particular  —   should look inward to understand the sorry state of American politics. Too busy attending TED talks and vacationing in Martha’s Vineyard, Frank argues, the Democratic elite has abandoned the party’s traditional commitments to the working class. In the process, they have helped to create the political despair and anger at the heart of today’s   insurgencies. ” THE POPULIST EXPLOSION: How the Great Recession Transformed American and European Politics by John B. Judis (Columbia Global Reports) This “cogent and exceptionally clarifying guide,” Jonathan Alter wrote in The New York Times Book Review, “helps to understand what ‘populism’ means, where it comes from and why it is advancing on both sides of the Atlantic. ” Mr. Judis distinguishes   economic populism from   cultural populism, which accuses “elites of coddling an   third group  —   immigrants, blacks, terrorists, welfare recipients or all of the above,” Mr. Alter wrote. “In the end, Judis has a surprisingly benign attitude toward even   populism. He thinks Trump and the European   populists are nasty nationalists, but not fascists, insisting that even those with authoritarian streaks believe in working within the democratic system and lack the territorial ambitions that were central to German and Italian fascism. Instead, Judis writes, Trump resembles the former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi, the buffoonish media baron. ” WHITE TRASH: The   Untold History of Class in America by Nancy Isenberg (Viking) Donald J. Trump was elected by America’s wealthy as well as its working class. But this eloquent book is that rare history of America that not only includes the weak, the powerless and the stigmatized, but also places them front and center. It’s an analysis of the intractable caste system that lingers below the national myths of rugged individualism and cities on hills. Ms. Isenberg does not skimp on economic analysis. She notes how the central engines of our economy, from   planters up through today’s bank and tax policies, have systematically harmed the working poor. “We have to wonder,” she writes about her book’s subjects, “how such people exist amid plenty. ” Part of her answer is the “backlash that occurs when attempts are made to improve the conditions of the poor,” from the New Deal through Obamacare. “Government assistance is said to undermine the American dream,” she writes, adding: “Wait. Undermine whose American dream?” As if speaking of this election, she wrote: “When you turn an election into a   circus, there’s always a chance the dancing bear will win. ” (Dwight Garner)",0
13136,4 Questioned After Video Shows Racially Charged Beating in Chicago - The New York Times,"CHICAGO  —   The police here were questioning four people on Wednesday as video circulated online showing a white teenager tied up and beaten as a group of young   shouted antiwhite messages and insulted   Donald J. Trump. “It’s sickening,” Superintendent Eddie Johnson of the Chicago Police Department said. “It makes you wonder, what would make individuals treat somebody like that?” The police said the victim was an    man from suburban Chicago who had “mental health challenges” and who had been reported missing. Officers spotted him on Tuesday in a violent neighborhood on Chicago’s West Side and recognized that he was in distress, the police said. They sought treatment for him at a hospital and connected the beating to four people who were taken into custody later that day near where the bloodied man had been found. A roughly   video clip shared widely online appeared to show a Facebook livestream of the assault. A group can be seen taunting and physically assaulting a man amid cursing and laughing. Much of the video focuses on one woman as she rambles, at times incoherently. The video begins with a shot of that woman before turning to the victim, who is seated in the corner of a room with his mouth covered. The woman laughs as two men cut the sleeve of the victim’s shirt. One of the men yells epithets about Mr. Trump and “white people. ” Later, a man cuts a patch of hair from the victim’s head, appearing to draw blood in the process. Mr. Johnson said criminal charges against the suspects, two men and two women, could be announced on Thursday. Investigators said they were not yet sure of a motive, but could pursue hate crime and kidnapping charges if the evidence warranted. The victim knew one of his attackers, the police said, and had been taken from the suburbs to the city and held for some time before the beating was streamed online. “Images in the video put on display the brazenness of the offenders who assaulted the victim and then broadcast it for the entire world to see,” Mr. Johnson said. The victim, whom the police did not name, was hospitalized for undisclosed injuries, but had been released by Wednesday evening and was speaking with investigators. The police said he was “traumatized” and initially had trouble communicating with detectives. The video’s spread online comes at a time of relentless violence in Chicago. In a Twitter post this week, Mr. Trump cited Chicago’s 762 murders last year and suggested that the city should seek federal help if local efforts to control the violence continued to be ineffective. Superintendent Johnson declined to speculate on whether the  ’s Twitter message and the videotaped beating were connected.",0
13137,DUP Set to Spurn Tory Remainers and Back Full Brexit,"Ulster’s Democratic Unionist Party, which is expected to prop up Theresa May’s minority government over the coming months, has spurned Tory Remainers who hoped they would force the Prime Minister to ask the EU for a   ‘Soft Brexit’. [According to ITV’s Robert Peston, a source within the DUP “was very keen to be quoted” as saying that his party “completely backs [May’s] vision of Brexit”  —   and not that of her Chancellor of the Exchequer, Philip Hammond.  While both May and Hammond campaigned for a Remain vote during the EU referendum, the Prime Minister has subsequently endorsed what supporters call a “Clean Brexit“ taking Britain out of the bloc’s Single Market and its associated Free Movement regime, as well as the Customs Union which precludes   from conducting an independent trade policy. Remain diehards, who want a ‘Soft Brexit’ in which Britain would remain party to the Single Market and Customs Union in order to maintain the closest possible links to the European Union, term this a “Hard” or “Extreme” Brexit. Hammond’s team at HM Treasury  —   the engine room of the Remain campaign’s ‘Project Fear‘ under his predecessor George Osborne  —   are said to have entered “  mode” as he canvasses support for such a deal. DUP backs Theresa May’s vision of Brexit, not Philip Hammond’s  —   ITV News https:  .   —   Robert Peston (@Peston) June 15, 2017,  If Peston’s source is reliable, however, it seems the ‘Soft Brexit’ faction have lost crucial leverage. It had been claimed that the DUP, which is keen to see a minimum of economic friction between Ulster and the Irish Republic after Brexit, would at least back their calls for Britain to stay in the Customs Union. The ITV presenter has been led to believe that the DUP is “100 per cent committed to the UK leaving the Single Market AND the Customs Union”  —   having preferred to use its bargaining power to press for plans to introduce   for the winter fuel allowance and scrap the pensions triple lock to be dropped. Leavers within the Government are predicting ferocious resistance to Brexit from without the Cabinet as well as within, with one minister predicting  “utterly bitter, trench warfare” as opposition politicians and Tory rebels “fight us line by line, in committees, on the floor and in the Lords, for months and months on end. ”",0
13138,That Didn’t Go as Planned: Bernie Supporter Asked to Speak at Clinton Rally Says ‘There’s No Point’ in Voting for Her (VIDEO),"by LN Buzz Team 
The Clinton campaign was feeling the Bern after this one… 
After being asked to speak at a Hillary rally, Iowa State University’s Students for Bernie chapter president Kaleb Vanfosson decided that instead of encouraging fellow Sanders supporters to vote Clinton, he would use the opportunity to attack the morally bankrupt candidate’s ties to Wall Street in an epic fashion. 
“The only thing she cares about is pleasing her donors, the billionaires who fund her campaign. The only people that really trust Hillary are Goldman Sachs, CitiGroup can trust Hillary, the military industrial complex can trust Hillary. Her good friend Henry Kissinger can trust Hillary.” 
Watch below: 
Well played sir… Well played. Previous Story Infamous NV Rancher Cliven Bundy Sues Congressional ... 0",0
13139,"5 Years Later, Jon Corzine May Avoid Trial With $5 Million Settlement - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Nearly five years after Jon S. Corzine presided over the collapse of the brokerage firm MF Global and became a target of federal investigations, his legal ordeal might be drawing to a close. In recent weeks, Mr. Corzine and the federal regulatory agency that sued him have struck a tentative agreement to settle the case, according to people briefed on the matter. The agency, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, which sued Mr. Corzine in 2013 over MF Global’s collapse and misuse of $1 billion in customer money, could announce a deal by the end of this year if the agency’s three commissioners approve it. Should that happen, the settlement would avert a   trial that almost certainly would have led Mr. Corzine, a    former Democratic United States senator and New Jersey governor, to testify. The trial was originally scheduled to begin this month in the United States District Court in Manhattan. The contours of a settlement, which has not yet been completed, would include Mr. Corzine paying about $5 million in penalties, the people briefed on the matter said. That sum is much greater than what the agency could expect to win at trial if he were found liable. The agency also plans to force Mr. Corzine, who reaped many millions of dollars as a top executive at Goldman Sachs before pursuing a career in politics, to pay the penalty out of his own pocket, making it a sticking point in the negotiations. In many other cases, executives pay federal settlements using insurance money. In addition to the financial penalty, Mr. Corzine would accept a lifetime ban from personally trading other people’s money in the futures industry, which was MF Global’s bailiwick. The ban would also level a symbolic blow to someone who, despite his history as an elected official and   of Goldman Sachs, is a trader at heart. In pursuing such a   case involving a prominent figure, the agency has been careful to be seen as tough but fair. In recent weeks, the C. F. T. C. strengthened the deal after some of the agency’s own commissioners questioned it, one of the people briefed on the matter said. Even so, the settlement would put to rest the last major liability facing Mr. Corzine, who already settled much of the private MF Global litigation this summer. And MF Global customers, including farmers and hedge funds whose accounts were used in the firm’s final days, have since been made whole. As such, the settlement would offer closure to Mr. Corzine five years after the episode derailed his long Wall Street career and subjected him to federal scrutiny, civil and criminal alike. Although federal prosecutors concluded that there was insufficient evidence of criminal wrongdoing, the C. F. T. C. took aim at Mr. Corzine for not preventing the disappearance of more than $1 billion in customer money. The agency did not directly link Mr. Corzine to the misuse of the money, but it blamed him for failing to “diligently supervise” the firm as it jeopardized the clients’ accounts. The suit also argued that Mr. Corzine was subject to   control person liability, a legal provision that allows for the punishment of executives for the bad actions of   employees. The agency also sued the   employee accused of “aiding and abetting” the transferring of customers’ money to MF Global’s banks and clearinghouses. That employee, Edith O’Brien, was an assistant treasurer in the firm’s Chicago office. Ms. O’Brien could present a final twist to settling the case, according to the people briefed on the matter who were not authorized to discuss the private negotiations. The commission has expressed interest in resolving both cases at once, and while Mr. Corzine has all but resolved his liability, Ms. O’Brien is an open question. A lawyer for Ms. O’Brien declined to comment. A spokesman for the C. F. T. C. declined to comment, as did a spokesman for Mr. Corzine. At the time the commission filed its case, Andrew J. Levander, Mr. Corzine’s lawyer, denounced what he called “an unprecedented lawsuit based on meritless allegations that Mr. Corzine failed to supervise an experienced back office professional who was located in a different city and who did not report to Mr. Corzine or even to anyone who reported to Mr. Corzine. ” The case may never make it to trial, but the facts surrounding it are dramatic all the same, centering on the final days of MF Global’s existence in October 2011. At the time, Mr. Corzine, who inherited a firm in 2010 that lost money in each of the previous three years, placed a large wager on European sovereign debt that might have returned MF Global to profitability. Instead, the bet unnerved MF Global’s investors, regulators and ratings agencies. (Eventually, the European bonds, which were sold to other investors, paid out when they matured). After a series of downgrades, the firm started to unravel. And as MF Global teetered on the brink of collapse, the improper transfers of customer money accelerated. Although the firm’s demise was rapid, the commission argued that executives failed to heed certain warning signs. In a call recorded by the firm in October 2011, the firm’s global treasurer acknowledged to a colleague that MF Global was “skating on the edge,” without “much ice left,” according to the commission. In another call that month, the global treasurer indicated that the firm’s liquidity “situation” was “not sustainable” and said that “we have to tell Jon that enough is enough. We need to take the keys away from him. ” Mr. Corzine nicknamed this person “the Gravedigger. ” On the evening of Oct. 27, 2011, Mr. Corzine was informed that while MF Global had plenty of available assets, only $82 million was in cash. The next morning, he was informed that JPMorgan Chase, one of the firm’s banks, was seeking $134 million to patch an overdrawn account. Minutes later, he told Ms. O’Brien that meeting the bank’s demands was “the most important thing” she could get “done that day. ” And yet, in another email, Ms. O’Brien explicitly stated to Mr. Corzine that the transfer to JPMorgan was a “house wire,” meaning it came from the firm’s accounts, not from customers’. A settlement of the case would come as Mr. Corzine has started to slowly, and quietly, raise his profile. He has visited Central America for a humanitarian project involving children and has office space in Midtown Manhattan, where he trades with his own money. Last month, he hobnobbed with Wall Street’s elite at Michael R. Bloomberg’s annual benefit dinner for the National September 11 Memorial and Museum. And in December, he made a rare public appearance, speaking to a group of students at Fairleigh Dickinson University in Madison, N. J. “Winning at all costs  —   it isn’t worth it, it isn’t acceptable,” Mr. Corzine said at the time. “Integrity is fundamental. Excellence and integrity must be pursued   . ”",0
13140,"Donald Trump Used Over $250,000 From Charity for Business Disputes, Report Says - The New York Times","Donald J. Trump, already under scrutiny for how he uses his foundation, directed more than a quarter of a million dollars from the charity to settle legal disputes stemming from his personal businesses, according to a report on Tuesday in The Washington Post. The payments from Mr. Trump’s charity, the Donald J. Trump Foundation, helped settle unpaid fines by the town of Palm Beach, Fla. and a lawsuit over a hole in one at a tournament at a Trump golf course, The Post said. The New York attorney general, Eric T. Schneiderman, who regulates charities in the state, said last week that he was looking into the foundation to see whether it was in compliance with state laws. His office declined to comment on Tuesday about whether it would look into the donations tied to Mr. Trump’s business disputes. A group of congressional Democrats has also asked the Department of Justice to look into a $25, 000 political donation made through the foundation in support of Florida’s attorney general, Pam Bondi, around the time her office was reviewing allegations against Mr. Trump’s   education programs. Ms. Bondi ultimately decided not to take action against Mr. Trump. Aides to Mr. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, have said that donation was made in error from the foundation. Jason Miller, a spokesman for the Trump campaign, discounted the latest revelations, saying in a statement that foundation transactions had been publicly disclosed. “There was not, and could not be, any intent or motive for the Trump Foundation to make improper payments,” he said. Legal experts said the foundation’s donations in connection with litigation involving Mr. Trump’s personal businesses may have violated tax regulations that prohibit using nonprofit charities for private interests. “That’s way across the line,” said Lloyd Mayer, a professor at Notre Dame Law School who specializes in nonprofit and tax law. “It’s not even close. It’s clearly   for a private foundation like the Trump Foundation. ” Mr. Mayer said he was surprised about the amount of money involved in the Trump expenditures. “I haven’t seen numbers this large before,” he said. In one instance reported by The Post, the foundation made a $158, 000 donation to settle a lawsuit by a golfer who was denied a promised $1 million payout for getting a hole in one at a charity golf tournament at a Trump course in Westchester County, N. Y. The organization that put on the event, Alonzo Mourning Charities, had bought an insurance policy to cover any holes in one, but the insurer refused to pay the prize after determining that the golfer’s tee shot was a few yards shorter than the 150 yards required by the policy. As part of the settlement, both Mr. Trump’s club and Alonzo Mourning Charities had to donate money to a charity of the golfer’s choosing. The club’s donation, according to tax records, came from the Trump Foundation. In another case, the foundation paid $100, 000 in 2007 to Fisher House Foundation, a veterans’ cause, as part of a settlement for fines racked up by Mr. Trump’s    Club in Palm Beach when it hoisted an oversize pole for an American flag. Other unusual donations from the foundation have included $20, 000 paid to an artist to paint a portrait of Mr. Trump, and $12, 000 for an autographed helmet from the football player Tim Tebow. A compounding factor for Mr. Trump is that he has given relatively little of his own money to the foundation in recent years, it has relied almost exclusively on donations from others. Mr. Trump and his campaign have deflected questions about his foundation, saying that he has donated “tens of millions of dollars” to charities, through his charity and directly from personal accounts, and that his friends have also contributed to help “worthy causes. ” But Mr. Trump has refused to release his personal tax returns, which would indicate how much money he reported giving away. On Tuesday, the campaign of Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee, seized on the revelations about the mixing of foundation money with business issues. “Once again, Trump has proven himself a fraud who believes the rules don’t apply to him,” said Christina Reynolds, a spokeswoman for Mrs. Clinton. “It’s past time for him to release his tax returns to show whether his tax issues extend to his own personal finances. ” Mr. Trump paid a $2, 500 penalty to the Internal Revenue Service for his foundation’s donation in support of Ms. Bondi. Some of the other expenditures may have occurred too long ago to be taxed and fined under the statute of limitations, said Marc Owens, a Washington lawyer who was formerly the director of the I. R. S. ’s   organizations division. But he said there could be other ways the I. R. S. or the New York attorney general, could pursue the foundation. “I don’t recall ever seeing a pattern of   that encompasses so many different kinds of ” he said.",0
13141,Election Theft in Texas?,"« on: Today at 05:27:09 PM » I live in Texas, and the news now is that this may be a ""swing state"":""If nothing else has driven home exactly how weird this election is, this should do it: RealClearPolitics has found that Texas is an electoral toss up. Texas, the blood-red, deeply conservative bastion of all things far right, is a statistical dead heat between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton."" http://thedailybanter.com/2016/10/texas-swing-state/ Just search ""Texas Swing State"" for lots of articles on this. The one above shows Clinton at 46% and Trump at 45%. I call BS. There is no way, no way in hell, that Bill Clinton's wife and a pig in her own right is within single digits of Donald Trump in Texas. But that doesn't mean that there won't be an attempt to steal the state's electoral votes. I knew a couple of months ago, when elitist mouthpiece Rush Limbaugh said it was a ""one-point race in Texas,"" that we were being psychologically prepped for the flipping of the state from Republican to Democrat.It could be that we're about to see a sleight-of-hand trick on election night. While all attention is fixed on Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania and the other swing states, lo and behold, Hillary won Texas!Awarding her the state would have two benefits. First, she'd get our 38 electoral votes, second, any ""secession"" talk would be scrapped. How could we justify secession, since we voted for Hillary?Anyway, we're watching you, DNC. Keep your hands off our electoral votes. Logged",0
13142,Petition to have Michael Gove cryogenically frozen reaches 9 million,"Friday 18 November 2016 by Lucas Wilde Petition to have Michael Gove cryogenically frozen reaches 9 million 
Britain is extremely keen for Michael Gove to be shoved into a freezer, it has emerged. 
A petition to put Gove on ice reached 9 million signatures last night, the ramifications of which would see the little bastard shoved into a deep freeze whether he fancies it, or not. 
“I’ve signed it twice,” beamed non-expert, Simon Williams. 
“I’ve even got a spare chest freezer we could use. It’s only waist-height, but I’m sure we can fold him into it somehow, with a hammer if necessary. 
“I’m pretty sure that’s how cryogenics works, having watched Batman and Robin nearly all the way through. 
“I’ve not heard what Gove thinks about all of this, but frankly I’m not too bothered about that.” 
A spokesperson for Mr Gove said, “Michael is delighted by all of this. 
“In fact, he has instructed me to deliver him to the nearest branch of Currys as soon as possible, and to ignore any protests he might make. 
“He says he might put up a bit of a fight getting into the freezer, but he would like to assure the public that this is all part of the experience. 
“I can give my own personal assurance that Michael has given his full, honest consent to being frozen. 
“He’s also well up for said freezer to be fired directly into the sun.” Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",0
13143,VIDEO: Muslim Migrant Jihad Shooting Rampage at Washington State Mall,"Email 
Watch this devout Muslim run wild through the Cascade mall opening fire on unsuspecting shoppers, searching for more victims as they ran for their lives — in the cause of Islam , the religion of peace . Any criticism of this savagery will result in charges of being “racist” and “islamophobic” – embrace it, we are told. 
Video released of shooting rampage by Muslim migrant and Hillary Clinton illegal voter. Arcan Cetin, 20, of Oak Harbor, Washington was an immigrant from Turkey — not a citizen, but a legal permanent resident of the United States. 
And Hillary wants to increase the hijrah by 550%. 
Video Released From Washington State Mall Shooting 
Burlington WA – Video footage from a mall in Washington state captured the fear and panic that broke out when a man carrying a rifle opened fire inside a Macy’s department store. 
Some shoppers at the Cascade Mall in Burlington, Washington, ran and others hid behind clothing racks as a lone shooter with a rifle searched for his targets. 
He fired at a teenage girl near some racks, shot a woman trying to hide from him behind a counter and killed two women who huddled together. 
The Sept. 23 shooting left a teenage girl, three women and one man dead. 
Arcan Cetin of Oak Harbor is being held on suspicion of five counts of first-degree, premeditated 
murder. Bail was set at $2 million. Prosecutors have until Jan. 6, 2017 to file formal charges. 
Article reposted with permission from PamelaGeller.com",0
13144,Netflix Flip-Flops on Net Neutrality - Breitbart,"After Netflix CEO Reed Hastings dismissed net neutrality as an issue that was only important to “the Netflix of ten years ago” at a conference two weeks ago, the company’s Twitter account sent out a tweet claiming they would “never outgrow” the cause. [The tweet linked to BattleForTheNet. com, a site dedicated to a “Day of Action” on July 12th where multiple companies will protest against efforts by the FCC to roll back their current rulings on neutrality online.  Netflix will never outgrow the fight for #NetNeutrality. Everyone deserves an open Internet. https:  .   —   Netflix US (@netflix) June 15, 2017,  Netflix joins the already growing list of companies and groups that are part of the effort, including Amazon, Reddit, Etsy, Kickstart, and GitHub. This is in contrast to the comments made by Hastings at Recode’s Code Conference last month. Hastings claimed that Netflix is too big a company to bother with issues like net neutrality that wouldn’t greatly affect them anymore: It’s not our primary battle at this point. Other people it is, and that’s an important thing, and we’re supportive through the industry association, but I think you’re right that we don’t have the special vulnerability to it. We had to carry the water when we were growing up and we were small. Now other companies need to be on that leading edge. Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can like his page on Facebook and follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard_ or on Gab @JH.",0
13145,Farage to Be ’Close but Unofficial Advisor’ to President Trump,"Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage is to be a “close but unofficial” advisor to U. S. President Donald Trump, the Governor of Mississippi has said. [Speaking at a party thrown for Mr Farage on the top floor of the Hay Adams hotel, Phil Bryant said: “There is an opportunity for him to work directly with the president, we call it ‘close but unofficial’.  “I think you will see that type of relationship between Nigel Farage and the president where he will turn to Nigel for advice about Great Britain. ” The Telegraph quotes Mr Bryant as adding: “I don’t want to speak for the president but I know that the president has a great deal of trust in Nigel Farage, and I think he is going to turn to him as an adviser and there would be none better. ” He described the former UKIP leader as a “humble man who just believes in Great Britain and trying to make sure it achieves that greatness”. Mr Bryant added that Brexit will be a massive boost for Britain, saying: “I remind all our friends here  —   there is a reason they call it Great Britain. It is going to be great again. ” Mr Farage spoke at the same event, saying how he was “proud” to have played a part in Donald Trump’s election. “At times it wasn’t necessarily that easy to be helping the Trump campaign,” he said. “There were one or two low moments. But I think what’s exciting is that 2016 will be looked at in ten years’ time, in a hundred years’ time, as a year of a great pivot, of a great change. “A year when nation state democracy reasserted itself. A year when proper decent values reasserted themselves. And I think through 2017 much of this revolution will continue across much of what is left of Mr. Juncker’s European Union. ”",0
13146,"Oh, What a Lovely War!","Oh, What a Lovely War! Delusional foreign policy could bring disaster Email This Page to Someone Your Name Here's   
The American people don’t know very much about war even if Washington has been fighting on multiple fronts since 9/11. The continental United States has not experienced the presence a hostile military force for more than 100 years and war for the current generation of Americans consists largely of the insights provided by video games and movies. The Pentagon’s invention of embedded journalists, which limits any independent media insight into what is going on overseas, has contributed to the rendering of war as some kind of abstraction. Gone forever is anything like the press coverage of Vietnam, with nightly news and other media presentations showing prisoners being executed and young girls screaming while racing down the street in flames. 
Given all of that, it is perhaps no surprise that both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, neither of whom has served in uniform, should regard violence inflicted on people overseas with a considerable level of detachment. Hillary is notorious for her assessment of the brutal killing of Libya’s Moammar Gaddafi, saying “We came, we saw, he died.” They both share to an extent the dominant New York-Washington policy consensus view that dealing with foreigners can sometimes get a bit bloody, but that is a price that someone in power has to be prepared to pay. One of Hillary’s top advisers, former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, famously declared that the deaths of 500,000 Iraqi children due to U.S. led sanctions were “worth it.” 
In the election campaign there has, in fact, been little discussion of the issue of war and peace or even of America’s place in the world, though Trump did at one point note correctly that implementation of Hillary’s suggested foreign policy could escalate into World War III. It has been my contention that the issue of war should be more front and center in the minds of Americans when they cast their ballots as the prospect of an armed conflict in which little is actually at stake escalating and going nuclear could conceivably end life on this planet as we know it. 
With that in mind, it is useful to consider what the two candidates have been promising. First, Hillary, who might reasonably be designated the Establishment’s war candidate though she carefully wraps it in humanitarian “liberal interventionism.” As Senator and Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton has always viewed a foreign crisis as an opportunity to use aggressive measures to seek a resolution. She can always be relied upon to “do something,” a reflection of the neocon driven Washington foreign policy consensus. 
Hillary Clinton and her advisors, who believe strongly in Washington’s leadership role globally and embrace their own definition of American exceptionalism, have been explicit in terms of what they would do to employ our military power. She would be an extremely proactive president in foreign policy, with a particular animus directed against Russia. And, unfortunately, there would be little or no pushback against the exercise of her admittedly poor instincts regarding what to do, as was demonstrated regarding Libya and also with Benghazi. She would find little opposition in Congress and the media for an extremely risky foreign policy, and would benefit from the Washington groupthink that prevails over the alleged threats emanating from Russia, Iran, and China. 
Hillary has received support from foreign policy hawks, including a large number of formerly Republican neocons, to include Robert Kagan, Michael Chertoff, Michael Hayden, Eliot Cohen and Eric Edelman. James Stavridis, a retired admiral who was once vetted by Clinton as a possible vice president, recently warned of “the need to use deadly force against the Iranians. I think it’s coming. It’s going to be maritime confrontation and if it doesn’t happen immediately, I’ll bet you a dollar it’s going to be happening after the presidential election, whoever is elected.” 
Hillary believes that Syria’s president Bashar al-Assad is the root cause of the turmoil in that country and must be removed as the first priority. . It is a foolish policy as al-Assad in no way threatens the United States while his enemy ISIS does and regime change would create a power vacuum that will benefit the latter. She has also called for a no-fly zone in Syria to protect the local population as well as the insurgent groups that the U.S. supports, some of which had been labeled as terrorists before they were renamed by current Secretary of State John Kerry. Such a zone would dramatically raise the prospect of armed conflict with Russia and it puts Washington in an odd position vis-à-vis what is occurring in Syria. The U.S. is not at war with the Syrian government, which, like it or not, is under international law sovereign within its own recognized borders. Damascus has invited the Russians in to help against the rebels and objects to any other foreign presence on Syrian territory. In spite of all that, Washington is asserting some kind of authority to intervene and to confront the Russians as both a humanitarian mission and as an “inherent right of self-defense.” 
Hillary has not recommended doing anything about Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey, all of which have at one time or another for various reasons supported ISIS, but she is clearly no friend of Iran, which has been fighting ISIS. As a Senator, she threatened to “totally obliterate” Iran but she has more recently reluctantly supported the recent nuclear agreement with that country negotiated by President Barack Obama. But she has nevertheless warned that she will monitor the situation closely for possible violations and will otherwise pushback against activity by the Islamic Republic. As one of her key financial supporters is Israeli Haim Saban, who has said he is a one issue guy and that issue is Israel, she is likely to pursue aggressive policies in the Persian Gulf. She has also promised to move America’s relationship with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to a “new level” and has repeatedly declared that her support for Israel is unconditional. 
One of Hillary’s advisors, former CIA acting Director Michael Morell, has called for new sanctions on Tehran and has also recently recommended that the U.S. begin intercepting Iranian ships presumed to be carrying arms to the Houthis in Yemen. Washington is not at war with either Iran or Yemen and the Houthis are not on the State Department terrorist list but our good friends the Saudis have been assiduously bombing them for reasons that seem obscure. Stopping ships in international waters without any legal pretext would be considered by many an act of piracy. Morell has also called for covertly assassinating Iranians and Russians to express our displeasure with the foreign policies of their respective governments. 
Hillary’s dislike for Russia’s Vladimir Putin is notorious. Syria aside, she has advocated arming Ukraine with game changing offensive weapons and also bringing Ukraine and Georgia into NATO, which would force a sharp Russian reaction. One suspects that she might be sympathetic to the views expressed recently by Carl Gershman in a Washington Post op-ed that received curiously little additional coverage in the media. Gershman is the head of the taxpayer funded National Endowment for Democracy (NED), which means that he is a powerful figure in Washington’s foreign-policy establishment. NED has plausibly been described as doing the sorts of things that the CIA used to do. 
After making a number of bumper-sticker claims about Russia and Putin that are either partially true, unproven or even ridiculous, Gershman concluded that “the United States has the power to contain and defeat this danger. The issue is whether we can summon the will to do so.” It is basically a call for the next administration to remove Putin from power—as foolish a suggestion as has ever been seen in a leading newspaper, as it implies that the risk of nuclear war is completely acceptable to bring about regime change in a country whose very popular, democratically elected leadership we disapprove of. But it is nevertheless symptomatic of the kind of thinking that goes on inside the beltway and is quite possibly a position that Hillary Clinton will embrace. She also benefits from having the perfect implementer of such a policy in Robert Kagan’s wife Victoria Nuland, her extremely dangerous protégé who is currently Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs and who might wind up as Secretary of State in a Clinton Administration. 
Shifting to East Asia, Hillary sees the admittedly genuine threat from North Korea but her response is focused more on China. She would increase U.S. military presence in the South China Sea to deter any further attempts by Beijing to develop disputed islands and would also “ring China with defensive missiles,” ostensibly as “protection” against Pyongyang but also to convince China to pressure North Korea over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs. One wonders what Beijing might think about being surrounded by made-in-America missiles. 
Trump’s foreign policy is admittedly quite sketchy and he has not always been consistent. He has been appropriately enough slammed for being simple minded in saying that he would “bomb the crap out of ISIS,” but he has also taken on the Republican establishment by specifically condemning the George W. Bush invasion of Iraq and has more than once indicated that he is not interested in either being the world’s policeman or in new wars in the Middle East. He has repeatedly stated that he supports NATO but it should not be construed as hostile to Russia. He would work with Putin to address concerns over Syria and Eastern Europe. He would demand that NATO countries spend more for their own defense and also help pay for the maintenance of U.S. bases. 
Trump’s controversial call to stop all Muslim immigration has been rightly condemned but it contains a kernel of truth in that the current process for vetting new arrivals in this country is far from transparent and apparently not very effective. The Obama Administration has not been very forthcoming on what might be done to fix the entire immigration process but Trump is promising to shake things up, which is overdue, though what exactly a Trump Administration would try to accomplish is far from clear. 
Continuing on the negative side, Trump, who is largely ignorant of the world and its leaders, has relied on a mixed bag of advisors. Former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency General Michael Flynn appears to be the most prominent. Flynn is associated with arch neocon Michael Ledeen and both are rabid about Iran, with Flynn suggesting that nearly all the unrest in the Middle East should be laid at Tehran’s door. Ledeen is, of course, a prominent Israel-firster who has long had Iran in his sights. The advice of Ledeen and Flynn may have been instrumental in Trump’s vehement denunciation of the Iran nuclear agreement, which he has called a “disgrace,” which he has said he would “tear up.” It is vintage dumb-think. The agreement cannot be canceled because there are five other signatories to it and the denial of a nuclear weapons program to Tehran benefits everyone in the region, including Israel. It is far better to have the agreement than to scrap it, if that were even possible. 
Trump has said that he would be an even-handed negotiator between Israel and the Palestinians but he has also declared that he is strongly pro-Israel and would move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem, which is a bad idea, not in America’s interest, even if Netanyahu would like it. It would produce serious blowback from the Arab world and would inspire a new wave of terrorism directed against the U.S. 
Regarding the rest of the Middle East, Trump would prefer strong leaders, i.e. autocrats, who are friendly rather than chaotic reformers. He rejects arming rebels as in Syria because we know little about whom we are dealing with and find that we cannot control what develops. He is against foreign aid in principle, particularly to countries like Pakistan where the U.S. is strongly disliked. 
In East Asia, Trump would encourage Japan and South Korea to develop their own nuclear arsenals to deter North Korea. It is a very bad idea, a proliferation nightmare. Like Hillary, he would prefer that China intervene in North Korea and make Kim Jong Un “step down.” He would put pressure on China to devalue its currency because it is “bilking us of billions of dollars” and would also increase U.S. military presence in the region to limit Beijing’s expansion in the South China Sea. 
So there you have it as you enter the voting booth. President Obama is going around warning that “the fate of the world is teetering” over the electoral verdict, which he intends to be a ringing endorsement of Hillary even though the choice is not nearly that clear cut. Part of the problem with Trump is that he has some very bad ideas mixed in with a few good ones and no one knows what he would actually do if he were president. Unfortunately, it is all too clear what Hillary would do.",0
13147,Inquiry Launched As Smashed Pint Glass In Pub Receives No Sarcastic Cheer,"0 Add Comment 
THE GOVERNMENT has used emergency powers to launch an immediate and wide ranging inquiry into reports that a pint glass was accidentally smashed by bar staff in a Waterford pub but no one in attendance raised a sarcastic cheer. 
“This is the cornerstone of our culture, the bedrock of civil Irish society,” Taoiseach Enda Kenny explained on the steps of Leinster House this morning, sharing the troubling news that Waterford pub The Rusty Jocks bore witness to a terrifying ‘anti-Irish’ occurrence, “cheering after glass shatters on the floor of a pub is as Irish as ham and cabbage and voter apathy”. 
News of an inquiry was greeted warmly by a shocked public, with many auld lads at the end of bars volunteering to take part in the investigation. 
“They say you can lose the soul and essence of a Nation in a fleeting, seemingly small, inconsequential moment, well here it fucking is folks. What pathetic excuses for Irish men and women were in that pub last night at all,” livid elderly man Tommy Cranley shared with WWN. 
Some online news outlets had claimed that perhaps the barman who dropped the pint was in an empty pub at the time, which could explain the absence of a sarcastic jeer. A claim rubbished by many an Irish pub expert. 
“Nonsense, sure if a pub is empty, there will always be someone passing by who hears it, and then cranes their neck in around the door, to slag the clumsy fucker. This is Ireland, not some cannibalistic wasteland,” Rusty Jocks regular Vincent Clarkin added. 
The inquiry is said to also include a disturbing incident in Dublin when a barmaid ironically cheered herself as she smashed a glass, something which frowned upon in Irish pubs.",0
13148,NM State Capital ’Thumbs Its Nose’ at Trump’s Sanctuary City Threats,"The capital city of New Mexico doubled down on its sanctuary city status despite knowing it is risking losing federal funds. The Santa Fe City Council unanimously approved a resolution reaffirming its policy. [Responding to a threat from   Donald Trump to defund sanctuary cities, the council moved forward with plans to refuse access to city property by immigration agents and keep the immigration status of any person confidential.  “This is doubling down,” City Council Member Joseph Maestas, the Albuquerque Journal reported. “We’re thumbing our nose at this incoming administration. ” In reference to the possible loss of federal funding, former Santa Fe Mayor David Cross told the council, “If that’s all we’re worried about, shame on us. That’s not what Santa Fe is about. ” The State of New Mexico has gone back and forth on its position on cooperating with immigration officials. In 1986,   Toney Anaya declared the state to be a sanctuary state, according to SanctuaryCities. info, a website that tracks such jurisdictions. That decision was reversed in 2011 by Governor Susana Martinez, a former prosecutor. “I did an executive order within minutes after I was sworn into office in 2011,” Gov. Susana Martinez said during a visit to Ruidoso, New Mexico in July 2015, the Ruidoso News reported. “I said there will not be any sanctuary city. Our police officers will ask where someone is from, especially if they are being arrested and put in jail for crimes, because that needs to be considered by a judge. Are you a flight risk or a danger to the community and would you return to court for proceedings to determine whether you are culpable for some offense you are accused of?” The City of Santa Fe had previously passed a sanctuary city resolution in 1999. Knowing the City is at risk of losing federal funding, it is attempting to strengthen its position. “This resolution puts us in a more defensible (legal) position than current sanctuary policies,” said retired attorney Jim Harrington. Harrington has done volunteer work for Somos un Pueblo Unido, the Albuquerque newspaper reported. Harrington told the reporter the U. S. Supreme Court has restricted how the federal government can use funding cuts to enforce policy. Under existing law, the Department of Justice (DOJ) can already move quickly to not only cut off future law enforcement grants to the city —  it can recoup past grants for any period of time the municipality was not 100 percent compliant with federal immigration law, according to U. S. Representative John Culberson ( ). Culberson spent most of 2016 working with DOJ officials to enforce 8 U. S. C. § 1373, a law that passed in 1996 to require local and state jurisdictions to cooperate with immigration officials or risk losing federal funding, Breitbart Texas previously reported. “The law requires cooperation with immigration officials 100 percent of the time,” Culberson said in an exclusive interview with Breitbart Texas in November. The DOJ Office of Inspector General certified the top 10 sanctuary jurisdictions last year and notified that they would not be eligible to apply for DOJ law enforcement grants for the coming year unless they change their policies. The current list of sanctuary jurisdictions to be defunded includes: the entire states of California and Connecticut Orleans Parish in Louisiana  New York City Philadelphia Cook County, Illinois   County, Florida Milwaukee, Wisconsin and Clark County, Nevada. The grant process begins this month. “I had to stand on their ‘air hose,’” Culberson explained referring to Congress’ power to cut a federal agencies’ funds. “For those on the   list, it is done. ” The actions of the defiant Santa Fe City Council could move New Mexico’s capital city onto that list as well. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
13149,Walt Whitman’s America Through Edward Weston’s Eyes,"Walt Whitman’s America Through Edward Weston’s Eyes   Jordan Riefe This image, titled “Woodlawn Plantation House, Louisiana, 1941,” is one of several photographs by Edward Weston on display as part of the Huntington Art Collections’ exhibit “Real American Places: Edward Weston & Leaves of Grass.” (Edward Weston / The Huntington Library, Art Collections, and Botanical Gardens ©1981 Center for Creative Photography, Arizona Board of Regents 
In the year 1940, publisher George Macy of the Limited Editions Club hit on a brilliant idea for his pricey book line aimed at collectors: a new edition of “ Leaves of Grass ,” poet Walt Whitman’s rhapsodic elegy to what Macy called “the real American faces and the real American places,” illustrated with photos by Edward Weston. Macy’s slogan makes a handy title for the new exhibit, “ Real American Places: Edward Weston & Leaves of Grass ” at The Huntington Art Collections in San Marino, Calif. On view through March 2017, it includes roughly half of the 49 photos chosen for the ill-fated edition. 
“Weston never explicitly said he was going to illustrate Whitman,” James Glisson, co-curator of the show with Jenny Watts, told Truthdig. “He didn’t tell Macy until very far into the project.” 
The 54-year-old Weston was coming off a crowning career achievement the same year, the publication of “ California and the West ,” financed through a Guggenheim Fellowship—the first awarded to a photographer. The book represented a departure for Weston, who until then was known primarily as a studio photographer. He had taken his first road trip, covering 23,000 miles with his lover of 10 years, Charis Wilson , 28 years his junior, who wrote the book’s highly praised text and became his second wife along the way. 
By May 1941, they were ready to do it again, loading up an eight-cylinder Ford dubbed Walt and setting off from Wildcat Hill, their sanctuary in Carmel, Calif. This journey would cover 20,000 miles through 24 states over eight months, with Macy shelling out for expenses up to $1,000 over six months, including printing and supplies. 
Their first significant stop was Boulder, Colo., where Weston photographed the Boulder (now Hoover) Dam. At a subsequent stop in Port Arthur, Texas, he captured more than a dozen frames of silvery spherical oil tanks. “California and the West” had featured natural landscapes, but man-made objects now took over his frame. 
The first progress report to reach Macy gave him a real fright. What did otherworldly globes in Texas have to do with Walt Whitman? In his original proposal, Macy requested that Weston “illustrate every other line in Whitman’s poetry,” which, taken literally, would require thousands of photos to match even half the images in the text. “I hope this is a job which you can tackle quickly,” he added without irony. 
“He’s very controlling,” said Watts, who pored through correspondence between the two. “He comes in with very strong ideas of what he wants. He’s not very good at communicating it to the artist. Then he gets very horrified when something comes back that’s not what he had envisioned.” 
Although Macy had run into creative differences with artist Henri Matisse while working on another masterpiece dense with illusion, James Joyce’s “ Ulysses ,” it would be presumptuous to blame the publisher for the disagreement with Weston. Matisse hadn’t bothered to read the book, delivering drawings based on the Greek mythical character instead of Joyce’s text, for a price of $5,000. In Weston’s case, he “didn’t give a hoot about ‘Leaves of Grass’—he was having the time of his life,” according to Wilson’s 1998 memoir, “ Through Another Lens .” 
Whitman is mentioned only five times in 230 pages of notes chronicling the journey. Weston explained himself this way: “My plan for work on this commission was direct: I photographed anything and everything I saw which excited me. I could do no more. Since Whitman’s poems cover all walks of life, and every high- and byway, I couldn’t easily neglect him.” 
This gave him license to expand his parameters, photographing places and people he was seeing for the first time. Gone are the wide horizons of “California and the West,” replaced by works of man—a Louisiana church, a bottle farm in Ohio, the Brooklyn Bridge. Each is captured as an item on a list, ordered so as to tell a story, which is similar to how Whitman commonly structured his verse: 
“I believe a leaf of grass is no less than a journeywork of the stars, And the pismire is equally perfect, and a grain of sand, and the egg of the wren, And the tree-toad is a chef-d’ouvre for the highest …” 
“There’s this idea of movement and journey, one by foot, the other by car, that acts as a temporal element to what they’re doing,” Glisson said, completing the parallels between Weston and Whitman.",0
13150,BREAKING: FBI Just Got EXACTLY What They Needed to Take Down Hillary for Good! * LIBERTY WRITERS NEWS,"0 
This is great news, everyone. It may have taken awhile, but it looks like the FBI is finally ready to take Hillary down for good! Donald Trump is soooo happy!!! 
Just moments ago, the FBI received the warrants that they had been waiting for so that they can search Anthony Weiner’s laptop for the Clinton emails he had stored. 
To make it worse, the file that he had stored the emails in on his laptop was supposedly called “Life Insurance.” 
You see, the FBI had already searched the laptop once for emails relating to Anthony Weiner and his 15-year-old sexting partner, but technically they couldn’t look through the Clinton emails they discovered. 
Well, this warrant will let them do exactly that. We already know that these new emails are both classified and maybe even CRIMINAL. Now we can finally make her taste justice for good. 
So I just wanna take a moment to say “THANK YOU” to the FBI. Thank you for finally growing a pair and taking on Hillary Clinton the way she needed to be. 
Now we need to share this out and let the world know the good news! Goooo Donald Trump! ",0
13151,"Reince Priebus Calls on G.O.P. to Back Nominee, Even if It’s You-Know-Who - The New York Times","HOLLYWOOD, Fla.  —   The head of the Republican National Committee implored leaders of his sharply divided party on Friday to rally behind their eventual presidential nominee, suggesting that they ignore Donald J. Trump’s assault on the nominating process. Reince Priebus, the committee’s chairman, did not mention Mr. Trump by name when addressing the group’s members at the party’s spring meeting here, but he devoted much of his speech to the tensions created by the Republican  . “Now I know our candidates are going to say some things to attract attention,” Mr. Priebus said, in a barely veiled reference to Mr. Trump’s attacks on what he has called “a rigged” and “corrupt” nominating process. “That’s part of politics,” Mr. Priebus said. “But we all need to get behind the nominee. ” Mr. Trump is not the nominee yet, but his considerable advantage in delegates and lead in overall votes has prompted some mainstream Republicans to come to terms with the likelihood that he is the favorite, however unthinkable it may once have been, to become their   this fall. Yet the lingering split between those Republicans willing to accept Mr. Trump, however reluctantly, and those ferociously opposed to his nomination was on vivid display at the beachside resort where the party gathered. While Mr. Priebus was speaking to state chairmen and chairwomen and committee members in a   ballroom, officials from the     group were briefing reporters a floor below about its efforts to deny Mr. Trump delegates in the remaining contests and keep him from clinching a majority before the party’s convention in Cleveland in July. More to the point, Katie Packer, the chairwoman of the group, Our Principles PAC, rejected Mr. Priebus’s implicit suggestion that Mr. Trump was worthy of carrying the party’s banner. “We’re selling our soul as a party for what?” asked Ms. Packer, arguing that nominating Mr. Trump could imperil Republican control of Congress. “To lose our majorities for a generation?” Ms. Packer added, “I think it’s very clear he doesn’t live up to our standards as a party. ” To drive that point home, she came to the meeting with reporters brandishing the group’s latest mailing: a pamphlet featuring an image of a buxom blonde, a pug and a pig that read: “Bimbo. Dog. Fat Pig. This is how Donald Trump publicly refers to women. ” Whether the shock value of such language still has any resonance this deep into the nominating fight is an open question, however. Mr. Trump’s commanding victory in New York this week and his expected successes in a series of   and Northeastern states this Tuesday has put a damper on the effort to stop him. It has also stoked concern among some that, if Mr. Trump falls just short of a delegate majority but comes close, the small universe of unbound delegates, wanting to end the party’s long and ugly nomination fight, will come his way to hand him the nomination on the first ballot. Some of these political free agents were at the party meeting, and Our Principles PAC distributed a     page memo to them and the rest of the committee members, who are all delegates, making the case against Mr. Trump and arguing that it was not too late to stop him. “We believe they’ll follow their heart before they follow the herd and the pressure,” Ms. Packer said, adding that Mr. Priebus should not “make the decision, ‘Well, he got close, so we’re going to go ahead and give him the touchdown.’ ” But the party chairman, while pleading with Republicans to “rally around whoever becomes our nominee,” made clear in his remarks that the R. N. C. would be steadfast in not getting behind a candidate until they receive the needed 1, 237 delegates. “We aren’t going to hand the nomination to anyone with a plurality, no matter how close they are to 1, 237,” Mr. Priebus said. “You need a majority. ‘Almost’ only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades. ” Trying to put the best face on a campaign that some Republicans say has been disastrous for the party, Mr. Priebus invoked Abraham Lincoln to note that Lincoln’s intraparty opponents in the election of 1860 joined his administration. “They didn’t just take their marbles and go home,” he said. But while some of Mr. Trump’s rivals for the nomination may endorse him, with varying degrees of enthusiasm, should he become the nominee, many in the party most likely will not. Many of the party’s strategists and staff members, as well as some its elected officials, have said publicly that they will not support Mr. Trump if he wins the nomination. And it was difficult to stroll through the lobby here without encountering Republicans who said privately that they were unlikely to vote for the candidate most likely to be their nominee. Some, but not all, of these feelings could subside should Republicans be faced with a choice between Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton, the Democratic  . But for now many of the committee members to whom Mr. Priebus was preaching unity remain uneasy with a candidate who is waging war against the party and its nominating process. “The proof will be in the pudding in the next couple of weeks,” said Matt Moore, the South Carolina Republican chairman, after meeting with Mr. Trump’s top campaign officials, who offered assurances that the candidate is not running against the R. N. C. “Thus far, Trump is attacking the party and Reince often,” Mr. Moore said, “and I’d like to see that significantly decrease. ”",0
13152,Florida Company Gets Approval to Put Robotic Lander on Moon - The New York Times,"A small   has received the green light from the federal government to do something that NASA has not done for more than four decades: land on the moon. Moon Express, based in Cape Canaveral, Fla. announced Wednesday that it had received approval from the Federal Aviation Administration to set a robotic lander on the moon. That feat would win the Google Lunar X Prize competition for the first private organization to reach the moon and an accompanying $20 million reward. But more than the prize, company officials say that it will be the opening of a profitable frontier for entrepreneurs. “Rephrasing John F. Kennedy, we choose to go to the moon not because it’s easy, but because it’s a good business,” said Naveen Jain, the Moon Express chairman. “Everything we fight over  —   whether it’s land or it’s fresh water, whether it is energy  —   is in abundance in space. ” Moon Express has a ways to go before it can reach the lunar surface, which it hopes to do next year. It still has to assemble the lander. The rocket that it plans to launch on has yet to fly even once. And one of its competitors could beat it to the moon, and the $20 million. The approval reflects an effort to encourage   commercial space endeavors while staying within an international space treaty written 49 years ago when outer space was a rivalry between the United States and the Soviet Union, and the idea of a   going to the moon an unlikely fantasy. “There are a lot of things in the treaties we’re testing the limits of right now,” said Henry R. Hertzfeld, a professor of space policy and international affairs at George Washington University in Washington. “We’re trying to define them in ways that will encourage private investment and private opportunities but not violate any international agreements. ” At present, commercial ventures have gone as far out as geosynchronous orbit, the telecommunication satellites that fly 22, 236 miles above the Earth. Moon Express wants to go 10 times as far, to the moon, a place where just three nations have landed: the United States, the Soviet Union and, more recently, China. The X Prizes, started by Peter H. Diamandis, an entrepreneur, seek to recreate the barnstorming prizes of the early 20th century that spurred aviation advances like Charles Lindbergh’s flight across the Atlantic. The first X Prize, for the first private piloted vehicle to reach space, led to the development of SpaceShipOne, a   plane that made two flights in two weeks in 2004 to win the $10 million prize. In the bubbly optimism that followed, the X Prize Foundation enlisted Google to finance reaching the loftier target of the moon. The Google Lunar X Prize, announced in 2007, called for putting a spacecraft on the moon that would be able to send back video and images and also move more than 500 meters. The first team to achieve that would claim $20 million second place would be rewarded with $5 million. More than 30 teams signed up, including Moon Express, founded in 2010 by Mr. Jain, who made a fortune creating the website InfoSpace and then lost most of it in the internet bust of 2000 Robert D. Richards, a space entrepreneur and Barney Pell, a former NASA computer scientist. The original deadline, at the end of 2012, was extended several times now the remaining 16 teams have until Dec. 31, 2017, to claim the prize. Two teams, Moon Express and SpaceIL, an Israeli nonprofit, have secured launch contracts for their spacecraft. As Moon Express worked on its   lander, company officials realized that they had other hurdles: paperwork and international treaties. The Outer Space Treaty prohibits nations from claiming sovereignty over the moon or other parts of the solar system. It also states: “The activities of nongovernmental entities in outer space, including the moon and other celestial bodies, shall require authorization and continuing supervision by the appropriate state party to the treaty. ” The United States fought to include that clause, rejecting the Soviet view that space exploration should be limited to governments, said Matthew Schaefer, the director of the space, cyber and telecommunications law program at the University of Nebraska. While the American negotiators did not necessarily foresee a company like Moon Express, “the U. S. government wanted to keep that option open,” Professor Schaefer said. Nonetheless, that would have been a roadblock, said Dr. Richards, Moon Express’s chief executive, because the United States did not have any procedures for authorizing and supervising what companies like Moon Express want to do. “Any application to the U. S. government would have been vetoed by the State Department, due to the lack of regulatory frameworks that would allow the U. S. government to remain in compliance with the Outer Space Treaty,” he said. Instead, the process for approval was routed through the F. A. A. which regulates commercial rocket launches and payloads headed to space. In 2013, Bigelow Aerospace, a company that builds inflatable structures that could one day be used as lunar habitats, suggested that the F. A. A. use this process to coordinate competing commercial efforts, at least among American companies. Moon Express has now employed this payload review process for its lunar trip. The F. A. A. sent its approval on July 20, the 47th anniversary of the Apollo 11 landing on the moon. Mr. Jain said that   missions to the moon  —   under $10 million  —   would transform space exploration. But the company has revealed little about its customers and much of the   business like the mining of platinum and   is speculative. (The   would be for fusion power plants that do not yet exist.) At present, there is little worry that the moonscape is about to be scarred by a commercial onslaught. The   is about the size of a coffee table, and NASA has left far more litter on the moon, most recently crashing its Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer into the far side of the moon in 2014. Of more concern is the preservation of earlier artifacts like the Apollo landing sites, especially as the Lunar X Prize offers a $4 million bonus for broadcasting video from one of those sites. Moon Express said that it had not yet decided on a landing site, but that it would defer to NASA’s wishes and stay away from the Apollo sites. Mr. Jain said the greatest opportunities were the ones not yet imagined, just as Apple, when it created the iPhone, did not foresee the explosion of apps that would run on the device. “More importantly,” Mr. Jain said, “we don’t know what the Pokémon Go of the moon is going to be. ”",0
13153,"After Seeing What This Man Does With A Piece Of Cardboard, You Will Never Use a Rake Again","Share on Facebook I don't know about you, but Fall is one of my favorite seasons, coming in a close second to Springtime. The transition from the heat of the Summer to the crisp air of a beautiful autumn day, with the awesome color changes of the leaves, is simply magical. As these magnificent leaves flutter to the ground giving off an earthy intoxicating smell, we get to walk through their crunchy texture, so reminiscent of the best days of childhood. Unfortunately, as adult homeowners we can't just let the leaves stay on our lawns and driveways waiting for the cover of snow. We have to deal with the drudgery of clearing them week by week, only having more fall, until the cycle ends. Some people still ‘take to the rake’ in order to remove leaves, making the back breaking effort that takes hours. Still others have gone to the expense of purchasing a leaf blower as an alternative. If you find neither of these choices appealing, the following VIDEO that you are about to watch is for you! I'm always amazed that simple and clever solutions to problems are out there for so many things, and through the ease of the internet we get to see things that never occurred to us. In the following entertaining footage you will watch a guy who came up with a technique that gets rid of huge sections of leaves on his lawn quickly and easily, while he still gets some healthy exercise, and has many more hours to spend on his weekend having fun! It's no joke, ingenious and laugh out loud funny… one of those things that begs the question, “Why didn't I ever think of that?” Related:",0
13154,'Racist and sexist’ complaints against Aussie lamb advert rejected,"'Racist and sexist’ complaints against Aussie lamb advert rejected   18:36 Get short URL The ad recieves complaints of being sexist and racist against white men. © We love our Lamb / YouTube The Advertising Standards Board of Australia (ASB) has rejected complaints that an advertisement for lamb is offensive to white males. Several complaints were lodged about the ad which producers say attempts to be all-inclusive with the people it features. 
Produced by Meat and Livestock Australia (MLA), the ad titled “You Never Lamb Alone” features a white TV presenter quickly being switched with a Bengali-Australian actor Arka Das who introduces a range of ethnicities and sexual orientations as he moves towards a barbeque cooking lamb - “the meat that doesn’t discriminate”. 
http://giphy.com/gifs/bJJo3n1aUke1G 
Most of the complaints to the Advertising Standards Board of Australia centered on the opening switch of white TV presenter Luke Jacobz to Das, after Jacobz utters the line “I’m here to address concerns that too many perky white males are contributing to the lack of diversity on our screens.” 
http://giphy.com/gifs/7nzEvHhZ1zI52 
“This advertisement clearly states ‘too many WHITE people’ in its commercial which is highly offensive,” one complaint read, according to Bandt . “Pointing out someone’s race and gender in an advertisement and then denigrating such race or gender is both racist and sexist,” another read. To whoever wrote this lamb ad, thank you for all the tongue-in-cheek jokes about 'diversity' in Australia. https://t.co/E87jCXMFr3 — she stress@pax prep (@ChattyAnny) October 26, 2016 
MLA explained that the line was “simply a nod to the common criticism that Australian television lacks diversity,” with the ASB rejecting the complaints on similar grounds. Well done MEAT & LIVESTOCK AUSTRALIA for “You’ll never lamb alone” winning the Marketing Communications: B2C and B2B award. #AMI #AMIAwards 
“The Board considered that the advertisement did not portray or depict material in a way which discriminates against or vilifies a person or section of the community on account of race or gender,” they said. 
Currently the video has more thumbs down than thumbs up on YouTube, with comments now disabled.",0
13155,Trump’s Hires Will Set Course of His Presidency - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   “Busy day planned in New York,”   Donald J. Trump said on Twitter on Friday morning, two days after his astonishing victory. “Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!” If anything, that understates the gravity of the personnel choices Mr. Trump and his transition team are weighing. Rarely in the history of the American presidency has the exercise of choosing people to fill jobs had such a   impact on the nature and priorities of an incoming administration. Unlike most new presidents, Mr. Trump comes into office with no   experience, no coherent political agenda and no bulging binder of policy proposals. And he has left a trail of inflammatory, often contradictory, statements on issues from immigration and race to terrorism and geopolitics. In such a chaotic environment, serving a president who is in many ways a tabula rasa, the appointees to key White House jobs like chief of staff and cabinet posts like secretary of state, defense secretary and Treasury secretary could wield outsize influence. Their selection will help determine whether the Trump administration governs like the firebrand Mr. Trump was on the campaign trail or the pragmatist he often appears to be behind closed doors. “A new president is really vulnerable and open to all sorts of influence by   advisers,” said Robert Dallek, a presidential historian. “Trump’s appointments over the next six weeks will be very significant because they can show whether he wants to create some unity in the country, or whether he really intends to deliver on his ideas. ” One of the influences on Mr. Trump could come from an unlikely quarter: President Obama. Meeting in the Oval Office on Thursday, Mr. Trump said he looked forward “to dealing with the president in the future, including counsel. ” A day later, in interviews with The Wall Street Journal and “60 Minutes,’’ he said he had decided to retain elements of Mr. Obama’s landmark health care law after their conversation  —   a hint, at least, that he might govern less radically than he had campaigned. White House officials expressed hope that Mr. Obama would be able to impress on Mr. Trump the importance of other parts of his legacy, like the Paris climate accord and the Iran nuclear deal. The two will have the kind of    relationship that only fellow presidents can have  —   something that administration officials hope will appeal to Mr. Trump’s pride, as well as his desire to succeed, and make him view Mr. Obama less as a rival. They conceded, though, that there was little historical precedent for such a relationship, especially when the incoming president had ousted the incumbent’s party after such an acrid campaign, and that Mr. Trump and Mr. Obama were never likely to become buddies. Mr. Trump is drawing mainly from a pool of trusted aides and supporters, according to people familiar with the campaign. On Friday, he named three of his grown children  —   Ivanka, Donald Jr. and Eric  —   as well as his    Jared Kushner, to his transition team, an arrangement that rang alarm bells in Washington because they will also manage his businesses. The Trump family, it is clear, will wield unusual power in the composition of an administration that is already shaping up as remarkable for its clannishness. Even within Mr. Trump’s tight circle, however, there are sharp differences in ideology, background and temperament that could play out in how the White House deals with Congress and how the United States deals with the rest of the world. Perhaps the deepest schism is between Stephen K. Bannon, the conservative provocateur and media entrepreneur who was Mr. Trump’s campaign chairman, and Reince Priebus, the Republican Party chairman who came to terms with Mr. Trump’s candidacy. Both are on a short list for chief of staff, according to people close to the campaign, and whoever is chosen, the other is likely to get another senior White House post. Each would bring a radically different approach to a job often called the   powerful in Washington  —   gatekeeper to the president and often the first and last person he sees in the Oval Office. Mr. Bannon, the executive chairman of the conservative website Breitbart News and onetime Goldman Sachs executive, is an avowed enemy of House Speaker Paul D. Ryan. An   verbal bomb thrower with ties to the   movement, Mr. Bannon may have little interest in compromising with the   Congress under its current leadership. He is an unabashed critic of the current immigration system and repeatedly encouraged Mr. Trump to appeal to the party’s base in the closing days of the campaign with arguments against globalization. Mr. Priebus, a party loyalist who tried to reconcile Republican leaders with their renegade nominee, would most likely build bridges to Mr. Ryan and other Republican leaders. A Washington insider with a reputation for being easy to work with, Mr. Priebus would operate a more traditional White House, though given Mr. Trump’s flamboyant personality, traditional is a relative term. In some ways, Mr. Bannon and Mr. Priebus are proxies for the larger battle over what kind of president Mr. Trump will be. Some former Republican officials held out hope that Mr. Trump would be receptive to moderating influences, but others worried that he would simply listen to the last person he spoke to. “You always have that tension between what he said to get elected and what he actually believes,” said John D. Negroponte, a former director of national intelligence under President George W. Bush. “How selective will his amnesia be?” Mr. Negroponte, a Republican who supported Hillary Clinton in the campaign, said he could imagine senior members of Mr. Trump’s National Security Council warning him about the dangers of “cutting loose countries from our nuclear umbrella,” which Mr. Trump threatened during the campaign to do in reference to Japan and South Korea. But there could be a parallel battle for Mr. Trump’s soul in foreign policy. Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn, a retired career intelligence officer who is Mr. Trump’s closest   adviser, is a candidate for national security adviser, according to an internal transition document obtained by the conservative news site The Daily Caller, as is Stephen J. Hadley, who served in that capacity for Mr. Bush. Mr. Hadley, who might also be considered for defense secretary, pushed Mr. Bush to undertake the troop surge in Iraq and is closely identified with the military interventionism of that administration. A key figure in the Republican   establishment, Mr. Hadley had a hand in Mr. Bush’s second inaugural address, in which he called for the United States to be an evangelist in spreading democracy  —   something Mr. Trump has flatly rejected. General Flynn, a registered Democrat, has criticized the neoconservative policies of the Bush administration for leading the United States into quagmires like Iraq. “They’ve gotten us into mess after mess for the wrong reasons,” he said, echoing Mr. Trump’s harsh criticism of Mr. Bush during the Republican debates. And like Mr. Trump, General Flynn is withering about the   establishment of both parties. It may seem counterintuitive for Mr. Trump to recruit a Bush administration veteran. But Peter D. Feaver, who worked on President Bush’s national security council and now teaches at Duke University, pointed out that Mr. Obama had campaigned “vociferously against the Iraq surge, and then asked the architect of the surge”  —   Robert M. Gates  —   “to stay. ” Mr. Gates, as defense secretary, later persuaded Mr. Obama to deploy a similar surge in Afghanistan. “You can say one thing in campaigns, and mean it,” Mr. Feaver said, “and in personnel matters, do the opposite. ” The contest for top economic posts does not expose the same ideological fault lines as those for the White House or national security jobs. But it does raise red flags, given the     Street sentiment that Mr. Trump stoked during the campaign. Several of the candidates on his short list for Treasury secretary come from Wall Street, including Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs partner who was the finance chairman of Mr. Trump’s campaign, and Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JPMorgan Chase. People close to Mr. Dimon said he was not interested in the job. Another candidate is a conservative Texas congressman, Jeb Hensarling, who has called for the repeal the   Act, the banking regulations passed after the financial crisis, during Mr. Obama’s first term. The least predictable source of influence on Mr. Trump remains Mr. Obama. For all their differences, and the bitter words they flung at each other during the campaign, the two share traits. Both won the presidency as outsiders, and both hold their party’s   establishment in contempt. With Mr. Trump lacking   experience or the political coterie that accompanies establishment candidates to Washington, administration officials said Mr. Obama would probably spend more time with him than was typical for other incoming and outgoing presidents. And Mr. Trump, some outsiders predicted, would respect the advice of a president 15 years younger, whose path to the White House was nearly as improbable as his. “If you’re looking at things from a hiring point of view, as Trump does, Obama could have done anything he wanted,” Douglas Brinkley, a professor of history at Rice University, said in reference to Mr. Obama’s career options. “That has to impress Trump. ”",0
13156,"Review: ‘Allied,’ With Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard, Uncorks a Favorite Vintage - The New York Times","“Allied,” Robert Zemeckis’s deft and diverting World War II romantic thriller, operates a bit like “Casablanca” in reverse. It’s about how the problems in this crazy world don’t amount to a hill of beans next to the troubles of two people in love. The singing of “La Marseillaise” figures prominently and tearfully in the plot. The city of Casablanca itself functions for the lovers, played by Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard, much in the way that Paris does for Ilsa and Rick. It’s the scene of their first bliss, the place they’ll always have when things get complicated elsewhere. I don’t want to press the comparison too far. For one thing, there is more Alfred Hitchcock than Michael Curtiz in this movie’s DNA. For another, whereas “Casablanca” put forth a     call to arms, “Allied” offers the comforts of elegant escapism. Its moral complexities and political ambiguities are intriguing rather than troubling, its ethical and emotional agonies a diversion from rather than a reflection of our own. Which is just fine with me. There are nits to pick, of course. Mr. Pitt, playing a Canadian wing commander in the Royal Air Force, has apparently drawn inspiration from the trees in the great forests of the North. He is handsome, trim and efficient, but the same might be said of a wooden canoe, and his character’s stoical reserve often feels more like an empty space than a deep pool of untapped feeling. This changes toward the end, but the final minutes of “Allied” also provide some grounds for complaint. They are puffy and sentimental, the cinematic equivalent of a cloying dessert following an otherwise   meal. If I may pursue the culinary metaphor, and supplement it with a different comparison: “Allied,” while neither haute cuisine or haute couture, is like an expertly tailored suit or a properly cooked classic dish. It’s not so much a work of art as a triumph of craft, and therefore a reminder of the deep pleasures of   technique and long experience. Mr. Zemeckis has made more ambitious, more dazzling films  —   as a dogmatic   my list of favorites would include “Back to the Future,” “Who Framed Roger Rabbit” and “Cast Away”  —   but this one may be the purest and most relaxed demonstration of his mastery. Like Steven Spielberg’s “Bridge of Spies,” it infuses a venerable genre and a familiar period with new interest. The first shot, of Mr. Pitt’s character, Max Vatan, parachuting into the Moroccan desert, is hypnotically beautiful and strange. Your eye keeps recalibrating the perspective, anticipating Max’s touchdown when he is still far above the ground and then blinking in surprise when he finally lands. The rest of the film produces a similar effect, teasing your expectations and concealing cards in its impeccable sleeves. Once in Casablanca, Max is introduced to Marianne Beauséjour, a French resistance fighter who is his partner on a dangerous mission. Their orders are to pretend that they are married, and they end up giving themselves wholeheartedly to the performance, and to each other. Marianne explains that part of her method is to make sure that, whatever the details of the imposture, the feeling is real. That assertion will haunt the second half of the movie, which follows the couple to London. At this point I’m reluctant  —   though not as reluctant as some of the trailers  —   to say more. “Allied” is, among other things, a marvel of structure, a perfectly bifurcated story that manages a drastic shift in tone with exquisite aplomb. Max and Marianne set up house in Hampstead she gives birth to a daughter during an air raid he commutes to a mostly deskbound job, and the audience is free to appreciate the work of a superb supporting cast that includes Jared Harris, Lizzy Caplan and Simon McBurney. Ordinary life during wartime  —   a shuffle of tedium and hysteria, bureaucratic entanglement and everyday pleasures  —   is evoked in fine detail. Mr. Zemeckis and the screenwriter, Steven Knight, plant almost imperceptible clues that blossom into sinister and scary possibilities in a way that is both shocking and satisfying. You have an itchy premonition that something terrible is going to happen, and when it does the itch is scratched. “Standard operating procedure for intimate betrayal” is a military catchphrase that haunts “Allied,” a plausible portrait of a midcentury marriage that is also a fantastical piece of  ’oeil storytelling. Ms. Cotillard, in a remarkable series of frocks, hats, coats and trouser suits, is the key to the film’s spell. Is Marianne a stylized   feminine ideal, or a film noir femme fatale  —   or something else entirely, a modern woman decked out in Hollywood   ? You would not mistake this for an old movie. The language is too raw, the sexuality too frank, the politics too cloudy. But you might nonetheless feel like an older kind of moviegoer while you’re watching it: an adult, for one thing, whose intelligence is respected by an intricate, thematically thorny plot even as your thirst for visceral excitement is slaked by clean and breathless action sequences. You also get to look at beautiful people in (and half out of) beautiful clothes. The fundamental things apply. “Allied” is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian). I’m shocked  —   shocked  —   to find swearing, sex and smoking going on in this establishment. Running time: 1 hour 56 minutes.",0
13157,"Off Long Island, Wind Power Tests the Waters - The New York Times","Only a few years ago, the   dream of harnessing the strong, steady gusts off the Atlantic coast to make electricity seemed destined to remain just that. Proposals for offshore wind farms foundered on the shoals of high costs, regulatory hurdles and the fierce opposition of those who didn’t want giant industrial machinery puncturing the pristine ocean views. Now the industry is poised to take off, just as the American political landscape and energy policy itself face perhaps the greatest uncertainty in a generation. Last fall, five turbines in the waters of Rhode Island  —   the country’s first offshore farm  —   began delivering power to the grid. European energy developers like Statoil and Dong Energy are making big investments to bring projects to American waters. Last year in Massachusetts, Gov. Charlie Baker, a Republican, signed into law a mandate that is pushing development forward. And in New York, after years of stymied progress, the Long Island Power Authority has reached an agreement with Deepwater Wind, which built the Rhode Island turbine array, to drop a much larger farm  —   15 turbines capable of running 50, 000 average homes  —   into the ocean about 35 miles from Montauk. If approved by the utility board on Wednesday, the $1 billion installation could become the first of several in a    parcel, with room for as many as 200 turbines, that Deepwater is leasing from the federal government. “We’re developing this first offshore wind project in federal waters, but it’s really a gateway project to other locations around Long Island,” said Thomas Falcone, the power authority’s chief executive. “We’re now at a point where developers can build projects at prices where utilities are willing buyers, and to me that is a very big deal. ” These projects could also become an important test case in establishing just how far states can go to to pursue their clean energy agendas under the Trump administration. Before putting steel in the water, the project would need federal approvals and policies that are in doubt amid Washington’s changing of the guard. Wind power has finally become viable for a number of delicately interlaced reasons. It has taken favorable state policies and technological and economic advances to spur the current level of activity, as well as interest among developers and investors, including foreign oil and gas companies that see offshore wind as an important part of their corporate strategies. In Europe, where the offshore wind industry is far ahead of the United States’ costs have plummeted to roughly half of what they were five years ago, said Thomas Brostrom, who runs United States operations for Dong Energy, the Danish oil and gas giant and a leading offshore wind developer. As the industry has grown, manufacturers have been able to take advantage of economies of scale and cut their prices. At the same time, turbines have grown ever larger, allowing them to capture and produce more energy on the same site. Dong hopes to help foster similar developments in the United States. The company bought leases in Massachusetts and New Jersey and opened an office in Boston. “We are here to create an industry,” Mr. Brostrom said. “There’s still a ways to go, but everything that we hoped would happen has happened. ” Dong has plenty of company. Statoil, the Norwegian   giant, has been aiming to get into the offshore business in the United States for years, and proposed in 2011 to build a farm off the Maine coast using floating platforms it had designed. The company withdrew the project two years later amid uncertainty over changing state policies, eventually deciding to build off the Scottish coast. Now it is back, having won a   auction to secure a   site south of Jones Beach on Long Island. Statoil beat out several other bidders, including the state’s energy agency, Dong and a subsidiary of Iberdrola, a leading energy company based in Spain. Statoil pledged $42. 5 million for the lease, which still awaits final approval from the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, far more than the $16 million generated by all earlier offshore wind auctions combined. “There’s a lot of companies starting to invest that had been wary of the U. S. offshore wind market and some of the initial lease sales,” said Walter Cruickshank, acting director of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management. “They have been coming to the table in a big way more recently. ” The appeal of offshore winds as an energy source goes beyond their potential role in efforts to slow global warming. As people flock to coastal cities, where land is scarce and expensive, and conventional power plants are moving toward retirement, states have looked to add new forms of power production. Moving it out to sea has become more attractive, proponents say. The country’s coasts, home to over half the population, offer some of the strongest wind resources in the world, creating, in theory, enough energy to provide roughly four times the power the nation now produces. Though it is easier and cheaper to construct turbines on land, the East Coast in particular offers opportunity because of its strong winds and shallow waters, which means turbines can operate farther out to sea, and out of sight. The potential of offshore wind power converged with rising demand on Long Island’s South Fork, where in areas like the Hamptons, commercial activity was rising and property owners were building larger houses, calling for more   and more pool pumps. In New York, the Long Island farm is part of a plan to meet Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s goal of drawing 50 percent of the state’s power from renewable sources by 2030. That includes developing 2. 4 gigawatts of offshore wind, he said in his State of the State address this month, by far the nation’s highest target, equaling the capacity of the Niagara Falls generating station. The wind array would not be visible from Montauk Point, and difficult to see from Martha’s Vineyard, some 15 miles away, said Jeffrey Grybowski, Deepwater’s chief executive. That makes it unlikely to stir the kind of public opposition that all but sank Cape Wind, the ambitious development that would have positioned 130 wind machines just five miles off Cape Cod but stalled in a political storm over blighted vistas. The Rhode Island project allowed Deepwater to work through many of the obstacles that had been holding back the industry, Mr. Grybowski said, including the lack of an established permit process and acceptance on the part of the public and the electric companies. “The Block Island project made offshore wind a reality in the United States,” he said, “so the conversations changed with utilities, who want to know that you can actually deliver on a project that you’re proposing to them. ” Indeed, officials at the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, which approved the Cape Wind site in 2010, have spent years clarifying rules and identifying marine parcels suitable for wind power development in an effort to balance several   concerns. Those include the needs of marine life and of industry, along with those of coastal communities. They also include the demand for economic development and clean energy sources, from states concerned about both job losses and climate change. Since 2013, the agency has conducted six competitive auctions of   leases for parcels from New England to Virginia, and in the past week it announced a seventh, for North Carolina, scheduled to take place in March. Deepwater Wind first proposed the South Fork wind farm in response to a Long Island Power Authority solicitation for projects, but it was ultimately rejected by the authority’s board in favor of several solar farms. The wind developer returned the next year with a new proposal that came close to approval a number of times, but fell short. Now, however, executives have negotiated a contract that they expect the board to approve. Under it, the utility will purchase all of the electricity delivered from the turbines by an underwater transmission line to a substation in East Hampton, paying a price comparable to what it would pay for other   renewables like onshore wind and solar, according to the utility. Those prices have run around 16 cents a   higher than its average wholesale price of 7. 5 cents. Deepwater plans to finance the project with a mix of loans and equity investments, though it is unclear if it will be able to benefit from federal tax credits that have spurred investment in wind farms and helped reduce the price of the power they produce. Until this year, a federal investment tax credit worth 30 percent of the development cost could be claimed. That has dropped to 24 percent for projects that begin this year and is set to be phased out by the end of 2019. To qualify, the project would need to demonstrate construction activity by then, which could be open to interpretation by the Treasury Department. But wind developers and advocates say the credit is also important to red states in the middle of the country, where it has helped drive the spread of   wind farms. Nurturing an offshore wind industry would meet the stated goals of many Republican lawmakers and the Trump administration, including the pursuit of an “all of the above” energy program. Building and installing the wind machines could create thousands of new jobs, as it has in the   wind business, in manufacturing and construction. The project would also require special vessels and large onshore staging areas to assemble the components of the platforms and turbines, which could help the shipbuilding and port industries. “We’re a heavy industry that’s poised to build, employ and invest,” said Nancy Sopko, who manages advocacy and federal legislative affairs at the American Wind Industry Association. That momentum may be difficult to slow, even if new federal policies put a stop to the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management’s leasing activities for wind energy, its proponents say. The active leases alone, if developed, are enough to create an industry, they say. And the commitments of states like New York and Massachusetts, and experienced multinational developers, show that the struggle to harness Atlantic breezes is no longer the same as tilting at windmills. “It is a sign of something that’s inevitable, which is the addition of offshore wind into the energy mix,” said Erik Gordon, a clinical assistant professor at the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan. “It’s just going to be too appealing. In the end, the economics trump Trump. ”",0
13158,Bernie Sanders Meets President Obama and Pledges to Work to Defeat Donald Trump - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Senator Bernie Sanders met with President Obama on Thursday and said afterward that he would do everything within his power to stop Donald J. Trump from becoming president  —   and would work closely with Hillary Clinton to make that happen. After the meeting with Mr. Obama, which lasted more than an hour, Mr. Sanders gave no indication that he was ready to leave the race just yet, insisting that he would compete in next week’s primary contest here in Washington. However, he made clear that party unity was on his mind. “I will work as hard as I can, to make sure that Donald Trump does not become president of the United States,” Mr. Sanders told reporters, saying the Manhattan businessman “makes bigotry and discrimination the cornerstone of his campaign” and would be a “disaster” as commander in chief. He said he would continue fighting for the issues that animated his campaign, including enhancing Social Security benefits, college affordability and restoring the nation’s crumbling infrastructure. “These are the issues that we will take to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia in July,” Mr. Sanders said, declining to answer reporters’ shouted questions about whether he would leave the race. Shortly after their meeting, Mr. Obama endorsed Mrs. Clinton in a video. He also praised the campaign that Mr. Sanders ran. The visit came a day after the senator huddled with his team at his headquarters in Vermont to discuss the fate of his candidacy. Mr. Sanders, who requested the meeting with the president, pulled into the White House grounds at 10:56 a. m. after stopping at a nearby Peet’s Coffee for a scone. Mr. Obama and Mr. Sanders strolled down the colonnade next to the Rose Garden on their way into the Oval Office, chatting inaudibly and grinning broadly. Nearby, a thick line of cameras and cluster of microphones were assembled in the driveway outside the West Wing, where journalists peppered the Vermont senator with questions. Mr. Obama was trying to negotiate, however gently, with him to exit the Democratic race without inflicting damage on efforts to unite the party. “My hope is, is that over the next couple of weeks, we’re able to pull things together,” Mr. Obama said during a taping of an appearance on the “Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon” on Wednesday in New York. “There’s a natural process of everybody recognizing that this is not about any individual. ” Briefly posing for photographers before his meeting in the Capitol with Senator Harry Reid, the minority leader, Mr. Sanders ignored three questions about Mr. Obama’s endorsement of Mrs. Clinton. His face flushed, Mr. Sanders did not speak at all. But Mr. Reid gently scolded the assembled journalists for asking questions at what was supposed to be just a photo opportunity. After his meeting with Reid, Mr. Sanders made a quick exit through a back hall on his way to meet with Senator Chuck Schumer of New York. He was also scheduled to meet with Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. After Mrs. Clinton won Tuesday’s California primary, Mr. Sanders refused to quit the race, despite Mrs. Clinton’s wide margin of victory and the fact that she had the support of enough delegates for the nomination. But some of his supporters have started to walk away, prompting growing calls that it is time to bring the party together to defeat Mr. Trump. On Wednesday, Mr. Sanders sent out a   email asking for contributions of $2. 70, and at 7 p. m. he will hold a rally outside of R. F. K. Stadium in Washington, where he will discuss his plans for getting big money out of politics and making public universities tuition free.",0
13159,Obamacare Architect Tell’s CNN that Americans Should Receive Higher Penalty’s in Order for Obamacare to Work,"Obamacare Architect Tell’s CNN that Americans Should Receive Higher Penalty’s in Order for Obamacare to Work   Tweet 
Obamacare architect Jonathan Gruber – the bureaucrat who once bragged that the “stupidity” of the American people was crucial for passing the health care law in the first place – told CNN that the “fix” for Obamacare was to impose a “larger mandate penalty”. 
This piece of sh*t should be stripped of his citizenship and immediately deported! 
AC",0
13160,DISASTER: Hillary Herself Helped Raise Money Donated to Wife of FBI Dep. Dir.,"NeverTrump Radio Host Does 180, Makes BRILLIANT Case for Voting Trump 
Furthermore, at least five employees of the PAC have left it within the past two years to accept senior positions in the former secretary of state’s presidential election campaign. 
Combined, these facts made it seem as if the money provided by the PAC to Virginia senatorial candidate Jill McCabe, wife of FBI official Andrew McCabe, was “a payoff,” according to Ken Boehm, chairman of the National Legal and Policy Center. 
“The fact that Hillary Clinton’s inner circle was raising substantial funds for Gov. McAuliffe’s PAC and this same PAC gave close to a half-million dollars to the campaign of the wife of the senior FBI official involved in the Clinton investigation sure looks like a payoff — a major payoff ,” he said. Advertisement - story continues below 
The timing of the donations was especially relevant. 
As reported by the New York Post , the PAC began funneling money to McCabe’s campaign approximately two months after the FBI began investigating Clinton in July 2015. 
Exactly one year later, on July 5, 2016, FBI Director James Comey announced that the agency would not be recommending criminal charges be filed against her. 
Meanwhile, Jill McCabe’s husband has reportedly been promoted to deputy director. Advertisement - story continues below",0
13162,TOP DOCTORS: CHEMOTHERAPY ONE OF DOZENS OF PROCEDURES SHOWN TO ‘GIVE NO BENEFIT’,"Home › HEALTH › TOP DOCTORS: CHEMOTHERAPY ONE OF DOZENS OF PROCEDURES SHOWN TO ‘GIVE NO BENEFIT’ TOP DOCTORS: CHEMOTHERAPY ONE OF DOZENS OF PROCEDURES SHOWN TO ‘GIVE NO BENEFIT’ 0 SHARES 
[10/27/16] VICKI BATTS – Chemotherapy is arguably one of the medical industry’s biggest frauds . Perhaps that’s why it recently landed on a list of ineffectual treatments drawn up by the Academy of Medical Royal Colleges (AMRC). 
The list was created by 11 top specialists, who were each asked to think of five treatments they felt provided little to no patient benefits. And surprise, surprise – chemotherapy was one of them. Doctors from the AMRC said that chemotherapy cannot cure terminal cancer, and may bring unneeded distress in the final months of life. The Guardian reported: 
“The treatment is ‘by its very nature toxic’, the college said. “Therefore, the combination of failing to achieve a response and causing toxicity can ‘do more harm than good.'” 
Do more harm than good? You don’t say. 
Research has shown that in some hospitals, up to 50 percent of cancer patients are dying, not from their disease, but from chemotherapy drugs. For the first time ever, researchers actually looked at the numbers of patients who were dying within 30 days of chemotherapy administration , which could indicate that the treatment was the cause of death rather than the cancer. What they found was horrifying. 
The study, which was conducted by Public Health England and Cancer Research UK, found that the average 30-day mortality rate across England was about 8.4 percent for lung cancer and 2.5 percent for breast cancer. But, in some hospitals, those numbers were much higher. For example, at Lancashire Teaching Hospitals, the 30 day mortality rate for palliative chemotherapy for lung cancer was 28 percent. In Milton Keynes, the death rate for lung cancer treatment soared up to 50.9 percent. 
The research revealed that the death rate for lung cancer patients was higher than average in several areas, including Blackpool, Coventry, Derby, South Tyneside, Surrey and Sussex. 
The data also revealed that about 1-in-5 people who underwent palliative care for breast cancer at Cambridge University Hospitals died because of chemotherapy treatment. 
Of course, the industry was quick to defend their practices, with doctors suggesting that these occurrences could simply be the outcome of data problems, noting that even a few deaths could skew statistics. 
However, no one really argued with the fact that chemotherapy is indeed a toxin. It doesn’t discriminate; it kills cancerous cells and healthy cells – and therein lies the rub. It may kill the cancer, but not without increasing your risks of getting cancer again in the future. 
A 2004 study also found that cytotoxic chemotherapy does very little towards enhancing cancer survivors’ 5-year survival rates. The research, which was led by scientists from the Department of Radiation Oncology at the Northern Sydney Cancer Centre of the Royal North Shore Hospital, located in Sydney, Australia, raised serious questions about the actual efficacy of curative and adjuvant chemotherapies. 
What they found was that in Australia chemo only contributed 2.3 percent to the 5-year survival rate in adults, and in the U.S., that number dropped to 2.1 percent. These findings suggest that overall, chemotherapy truly provides very little benefit to any patient’s survival. In their conclusion, the study authors wrote, “As the 5-year relative survival rate for cancer in Australia is now over 60%, it is clear that cytotoxic chemotherapy only makes a minor contribution to cancer survival. To justify the continued funding and availability of drugs used in cytotoxic chemotherapy, a rigorous evaluation of the cost-effectiveness and impact on quality of life is urgently required.” 
The AMRC urges doctors and patients to question whether or not particular treatments are necessary. After all, unwarranted and harmful treatments are truly anything but medicine . Post navigation",0
13163,Steve Bannon Carries Battles to Another Influential Hub: The Vatican - The New York Times,"ROME  —   When Stephen K. Bannon was still heading Breitbart News, he went to the Vatican to cover the canonization of John Paul II and make some friends. High on his list of people to meet was an archconservative American cardinal, Raymond Burke, who had openly clashed with Pope Francis. In one of the cardinal’s antechambers, amid religious statues and   walls, Cardinal Burke and Mr. Bannon  —   who is now President Trump’s   eminence  —   bonded over their shared worldview. They saw Islam as threatening to overrun a prostrate West weakened by the erosion of traditional Christian values, and viewed themselves as unjustly ostracized by    political elites. “When you recognize someone who has sacrificed in order to remain true to his principles and who is fighting the same kind of battles in the cultural arena, in a different section of the battlefield, I’m not surprised there is a meeting of hearts,” said Benjamin Harnwell, a confidant of Cardinal Burke who arranged the 2014 meeting. While Mr. Trump, a   president who has boasted of groping women, may seem an unlikely ally of traditionalists in the Vatican, many of them regard his election and the ascendance of Mr. Bannon as potentially   breakthroughs. Just as Mr. Bannon has connected with   parties threatening to topple governments throughout Western Europe, he has also made common cause with elements in the Roman Catholic Church who oppose the direction Francis is taking them. Many share Mr. Bannon’s suspicion of Pope Francis as a dangerously misguided, and probably socialist, pontiff. Until now, Francis has marginalized or demoted the traditionalists, notably Cardinal Burke, carrying out an inclusive agenda on migration, climate change and poverty that has made the pope a figure of unmatched global popularity, especially among liberals. Yet in a newly turbulent world, Francis is suddenly a lonelier figure. Where once Francis had a powerful ally in the White House in Barack Obama, now there is Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon, this new president’s ideological guru. For many of the pope’s ideological opponents in and around the Vatican, who are fearful of a pontiff they consider outwardly avuncular but internally a ruthless wielder of absolute political power, this angry moment in history is an opportunity to derail what they see as a disastrous papal agenda. And in Mr. Trump, and more directly in Mr. Bannon, some   “Rad Trads”  —   or radical traditionalists  —   see an alternate leader who will stand up for traditional Christian values and against Muslim interlopers. “There are huge areas where we and the pope do overlap, and as a loyal Catholic, I don’t want to spend my life fighting against the pope on issues where I won’t change his mind,” Mr. Harnwell said over a lunch of cannelloni. “Far more valuable for me would be spend time working constructively with Steve Bannon. ” He made it clear he was speaking for himself, not for the Institute for Human Dignity, a conservative Catholic group that he founded, and insisted that he shared the pope’s goals of ensuring peace and ending poverty, just not his ideas on how to achieve it. Mr. Bannon publicly articulated his worldview in remarks a few months after his meeting with Cardinal Burke, at a Vatican conference organized by Mr. Harnwell’s institute. Speaking via video feed from Los Angeles, Mr. Bannon, a Catholic, held forth against rampant secularization, the existential threat of Islam, and a capitalism that had drifted from the moral foundations of Christianity. That talk has garnered much attention, and approval by conservatives, for its explicit expression of Mr. Bannon’s vision. Less widely known are his efforts to cultivate strategic alliances with those in Rome who share his interpretation of a   “church militant” theology. Mr. Bannon’s visage, speeches and endorsement of Mr. Harnwell as “the smartest guy in Rome” are featured heavily on the website of Mr. Harnwell’s foundation. Mr. Trump’s senior adviser has maintained email contact with Cardinal Burke, according to Mr. Harnwell, who dropped by the cardinal’s residence after lunch. And another person with knowledge of Mr. Bannon’s current outreach said the White House official is personally calling his contacts in Rome for thoughts on who should be the Trump administration’s ambassador to the Holy See. During Mr. Bannon’s April 2014 trip he courted Edward Pentin, a leading conservative Vatican reporter, as a potential correspondent in Rome for Breitbart, the website that is popular with the   a   movement that has attracted white supremacists. “He really seemed to get the battles the church needs to fight,” said Mr. Pentin, the author of “The Rigging of a Vatican Synod?” a book asserting that Pope Francis and his supporters railroaded opponents. Chief among those battles, Mr. Pentin said, was Mr. Bannon’s focus on countering a “cultural Marxism” that had seeped into the church. Since that visit and the meeting with Cardinal Burke  —   an experience that Daniel Fluette, the head of production for Breitbart, described as “incredibly powerful” for Mr. Bannon  —   Mr. Trump’s ideological strategist has maintained a focus on Rome. Mr. Bannon returned to direct the documentary “Torchbearer,” in which the “Duck Dynasty” star Phil Robertson contemplates the apocalyptic consequences of an eroding Christendom. Mr. Bannon also reunited with old friends, including Breitbart’s eventual Rome correspondent, Thomas Williams. A former priest, Mr. Williams said that he used to have arguments with Mr. Bannon about whether the pope subscribed to a   brand of liberation theology, with Mr. Bannon calling the pope a “ . ” Mr. Williams said he usually defended the pope, but that recent statements by Francis convinced him “Steve turned out to be right. That happens more often than not. ” Mr. Bannon’s private thoughts about the pope have at times surfaced in public. On May 23, Mr. Bannon and Mr. Williams spoke about Pope Francis on the radio program Breitbart News Daily. Discussing a Breitbart article about the new mayor of London titled “Pope Hails Election of Sadiq Khan, Celebrates Mass Muslim Migration Into Europe,” Mr. Bannon suggested that the pope “seems almost to be putting the responsibility on the working men and women of Italy and Europe et cetera, that they have to go out of their way to accommodate” migration. Was the pope a global elitist, Mr. Bannon asked, “two or three steps removed from this?” Many critics of Francis express similar views, but they are often scared to express it for fear of retribution from the pope, who, they say, has eyes and ears all over the Vatican. Instead, the pope’s critics anonymously papered Rome over the weekend with posters of a   Francis above complaints about his removing and ignoring clerics and cardinals. “Where’s your mercy?” it asked. Conservatives and traditionalists in the Vatican secretly pass around phony   of the Vatican’s official paper, L’Osservatore Romano, making fun of the pope. Or they spread a YouTube video critiquing the pope and his exhortation on love in the family, “Amoris Laetitia,” which many traditionalists consider Francis’ opening salvo against the doctrine of the church. Set to the music of “That’s Amore,” an aggrieved crooner sings, “When will we all be freed from this cruel tyranny, that’s Amoris” and “It’s the climate of fear engineered for four years, that’s Amoris. ” Cardinal Burke  —   who has said that the pope’s exhortation, which opened the door for divorced Catholics remarried outside the church to receive communion, might require “a formal act of correction”  —   has been unusually outspoken in his criticism of Francis. Cardinal Burke and Mr. Bannon declined to comment for this article. Just weeks ago, the pope stripped Cardinal Burke of his remaining institutional influence after a scandal exploded at the Knights of Malta, a nearly    chivalrous order where he had been exiled as a liaison to the Vatican. The pope had removed the order’s grand master after he showed disobedience to the pope. There was a sense in the order that the grand master followed the lead of Cardinal Burke because he projected authority, a power that stemmed in part from his support by the Trump administration, one influential knight said. Cardinal Burke has become a champion to conservatives in the United States. Under Mr. Bannon, Breitbart News urged its Rome correspondent to write sympathetically about him. And at a meeting before last month’s   March for Life rally in Washington, Cardinal Burke received the Law of Life Achievement, or Nail award, a framed replica of the nail used to hold the feet of Christ to the cross. According to   Westen, the editor of Life Site News, who announced the award, the prize is awarded to Christians “who have received a stab in the back. ” Despite Mr. Bannon’s inroads in Rome, Mr. Burke and other traditionalists are not ascendant in the Vatican. The Rev. Antonio Spadaro, a Jesuit priest who edits the   journal La Civilta Cattolica and who is close to the pope, dismissed their criticism as the stuff of a noisy but small “echo chamber. ” He also played down the effect of Mr. Trump’s ascent on the standing of Francis’ opponents in the Vatican, saying it was only on a “level of image” and “propaganda. ” The pope will maintain his direction and not be distracted by fights against those trying to undercut him, Father Spadaro said. “He moves forward, and he moves ahead very fast. ” He added that Mr. Trump’s ban on immigrants from certain Muslim countries was “opposite” to the pontiff’s vision for how to foster unity and peace. The pope, Father Spadaro said, is doing everything he can to avoid the clash of civilizations that both fundamentalist Muslims and Christians want. Indeed, the pope does not seem to be slowing down. Days after the election of Mr. Trump, in St. Peter’s Basilica, the Vatican officially elevated new cardinals selected by Pope Francis who reflected the pope’s emphasis on an inclusive church  —   far from the worldview of Mr. Bannon and Mr. Burke. “It’s not that he is just bringing new people in that think maybe like him,” Cardinal Blase Cupich, the influential new cardinal of Chicago, said after the ceremony. “He is transforming the church in making us rethink how we have done things before. ” That transformation was evident later in the evening, when the old conservative guard came to pay their respects to the new cardinals. João Braz de Aviz, a powerful cardinal close to the pope, walked around in simple cleric clothes, the equivalent of civilian dress among all the flowing cassocks. Asked whether the ascent of Mr. Trump would embolden Mr. Bannon’s allies in the Vatican to intensify their opposition and force the pope to take a more orthodox line, he shrugged. “The doctrine is secure,” he said, adding that the mission of the church was more to safeguard the poor. It was also, he reminded his traditionalist colleagues, to serve St. Peter, whose authority is passed down through the popes. “And today, Francis is Peter. ”",0
13164,"Damien Chazelle, ‘La La Land’ Director, on California’s Allure - The New York Times","Damien Chazelle, the writer and director of the musical “La La Land,” never had any doubts about Los Angeles as an artistic canvas. From the film’s opening, with commuters dancing and singing on a congested freeway exit ramp, to the visually stunning final sequence, the city is depicted as a place where dreamers may struggle but where optimism also abounds. Growing up in New Jersey, Mr. Chazelle said, “I had some negative conceptions of Los Angeles, but I was willing to try something other than the East Coast because I wanted to do movies. ” He added: “For a few years, there were ups and downs, but I slowly became smitten. I had never lived in a city with palm trees, and now I’ve been here for almost nine and a half years. ” His debut directorial film, “Guy and Madeline on a Park Bench,” was first shown in 2009, followed by the drama “Whiplash” in 2014. Mr. Chazelle, who recently won the 2016 Golden Globe Award for best director for “La La Land,” recently discussed his current film, Los Angeles and some of his travel forays. Below are edited excerpts from that conversation. Q. In famously   Southern California, what logistical issues did you face with the opening scene of “La La Land”? A. After searching for a filming location, we decided on the FasTrak ramp that connects Interstate 105 to Interstate 110, since it would be easier for the city to shut down. We rehearsed in parking lots, and were able to shut down the ramp to film on a Saturday and a Sunday. On both days, there was a heat wave. In the film, Mia and Sebastian, played by Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, visit the beloved Griffith Observatory. What was it like to shoot there? We were able to film there on a Monday, which is the only day that they’re closed, but you can’t change or touch anything. Filming isn’t allowed in the planetarium at the Griffith, so professional designers built a replica of the actual planetarium on a sound stage. However, we could light the Observatory on the outside. What’s the story behind the Rialto Theater in South Pasadena, where Mia and Sebastian watch the James Dean classic “Rebel Without a Cause”? The theater is used for special events, but it hasn’t been a functioning commercial movie theater in a while. [The Rialto closed in 2007.] It’s a beautiful old structure, inside and outside. What led you to film in nearby Pasadena? Pasadena is really wonderful. The city is one the best places for architecture in the Los Angeles area since so much has been preserved there. The Colorado Street Bridge [which features a scene with Mia and Sebastian] is one of those places. There are also the homes of silent movie stars. Pasadena seemed far away from where I was living. What has traveling been like since you’ve been promoting the movie internationally? There’s been a fair amount of travel. I’ve had a mini East Asia tour the film opens in China and Japan in February. I’d never been to Japan and had been dying to go there forever. My father is French, so I have a lot of relatives in Paris and France, which is nice. France is like a third home. When you’re headed out of town, what do you usually bring? Ever since I was a kid, I have been fond of long train trips. I like the idea of forced sitting time. I always bring a couple of books and headphones, and weigh down a backpack. If I have something to read and music to listen to, I’m fine.",0
13165,Vote Now in US Presidential Election 2016 Open Poll,"
With fake polls running rampant everywhere, with Reuters/Ipsos just releasing yet another fake poll oversampling Democrats by 11% and including only “Likely Voters”, then showing the results with Hillary Clinton leading by 6%, we have decided to conduct our own poll.
Our poll is a fair and unbiased poll. We have included Twitter hashtags for #DonaldTrump and #HillaryClinton as well as #GaryJohnson and #JillStein. It will reach both sides, thus being fully fair and balanced. Our poll also includes 3rd party candidates Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein. Voters can only vote once in our poll and their vote cannot be changed.
Thanks to Wikileaks email ID 26551 we now have confirmed data of what we all have long suspected, that polling agencies are being ordered to oversample as much as needed in order to artificially inflate the numbers of a specific candidates which has enough power to pull the strings or is simply preferred by the polling agency.
Most mainstream media polls only include “Likely Voters” nowadays though it hasn’t always been like this. According to their definition, Likely Voters means people who also voted in the previous elections. This is not an accurate way to measure the real preference out there because both Trump and Clinton benefit from what is known as first time voters. People who never voted before, people who feel disenfranchised by the system and who simply didn’t want to vote before.
There is also the Millennial vote which is also impossible to include in the Likely Voters BS the media is pushing. Donald Trump is a revolutionary who vowed to change the system. This has brought millions of new people who never participated in the elections before. Bernie Sanders was also a revolutionary who vowed to do the exact same thing. Bernie lost or better said the election was stolen from him but that’s another story. Bernie endorsed Hillary Clinton so, some of his voters have been transferred to Hillary Clinton now. Those first-time Bernie voters are also not included in the Likely Voters polls.
So without further due, we present to you our own OPEN POLL where everybody can vote only once. A fair an unbiased poll.
Who will you vote for in the upcoming US presidential election 2016? Note: There is a poll embedded within this post, please visit the site to participate in this post's poll. ",0
13166,Jewish Group Praises Trump Administration For ’Strong Stand’ Against Iran,"TEL AVIV  —   On the eve of Israel’s Holocaust Remembrance Day, a U. S. Jewish human rights NGO has praised the Trump administration for taking the Iranian threat against the Jews and the Jewish state seriously as opposed to the Obama administration, which based its policy on “wishful thinking. ”[“The Jewish people have learned the brutal lesson from the Nazi Holocaust, that when a leader threatens you with genocide you take such threats seriously,” Rabbis Marvin Hier and Abraham Cooper  —   the dean and associate dean of the Simon Wiesenthal Center  —   said in a statement. “The world, including many Jewish leaders, dismissed Hitler’s early threats against the Jewish people as bombast. The scope of death and destruction of WWII and the unspeakable horrors of the Shoah have taught us to never again dismiss such threats as empty rhetoric. ”  “Unfortunately, the previous administration believed that it could moderate the mullah’s actions and words through negotiation and perks. We are grateful that the Trump administration is basing its policies on Iranian behavior, not wishful thinking,” they added. At a State Department press conference on Wednesday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said, “Iran’s provocative actions threaten the United States, the region, and the world.   …     The Trump administration is currently conducting a comprehensive review of our Iran policy. Once we have finalized our conclusions, we will meet the challenges Iran poses with clarity and conviction. ” The   nuclear deal signed by Iran and six world powers, Tillerson stated, “fails to achieve the objective of a   Iran it only delays their goal of becoming a nuclear state. This deal represents the same failed approach of the past that brought us to the current imminent threat we face from North Korea. The Trump administration has no intention of passing the buck to a future administration on Iran. ” Watch a video of Tillerson’s remarks below: ",0
13167,The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"The storm before the calm before the storm • Stocks GMD -1.3% Groucho Marx Disguises (GMD): $47.05 (-.61) (-1.3%) The company's value plummeted after the unveiling of a newly retooled disguise featuring no mustache, an average-sized nose, and, in the place of this black glasses, stylish wire frames. America's Finest News Source AUSTIN, TX—Anxiously wondering what kind of impression he was leaving on university admissions officials, wealthy father Gordon Fring was said to be waiting restlessly for responses this week after mailing donations to his son’s top college choices. Related Topics Parenting The American Voter 
Every four years, against anyone's better judgement, the American people are entrusted to elect the next president. The Onion lets them tell their stories. Trump Holds Strategy Meeting With Campaign’s Top Militia Leaders Ahead Of Election Day NEW YORK—Sitting down with his most heavily armed advisors to go over potential courses of action, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump reportedly held a strategy meeting with his campaign’s top militia leaders Thursday afternoon in order to map out their approach before November 8. FEC Extends Election By 7 Months To Give Nation Chance To Better Get To Know Candidates WASHINGTON—In an effort to help voters make an informed decision at the polls, the Federal Election Commission announced Thursday it would be extending the U.S. presidential election by seven months to give Americans the opportunity to better get to know the presidential candidates. Trump Campaign Training Poll Watchers To Spot Any Suspicious Skin Colors On Election Day HARRISBURG, PA—Instructing volunteers to remain alert and pay close attention to every individual who arrives at their voting location, the “Trump Election Observer” section of Donald Trump’s campaign website reportedly trains supporters to spot any suspicious skin colors they may see on Election Day, sources confirmed this week. Quick Jump To Series Page ",0
13168,Under-pressure Deutsche Bank reports surprise profit BUT 14% rise in debt trading revenues way behind Barclays & Co.,"— Holger Zschaepitz (@Schuldensuehner) October 27, 2016 
Deutsche Bank AG’s surprise third-quarter profit was overshadowed by Chief Executive Officer John Cryan failing to dispel concerns that uncertainty tied to a U.S. settlement will continue to linger. 
Net income was 256 million euros ($279 million) after a loss of 6.01 billion euros a year ago, the Frankfurt-based lender said on Thursday. That beat an average 394 million-euro loss forecast by 14 analysts in a Bloomberg News survey. Trading revenue rose 10 percent, driven by debt and currencies, the biggest source of income, also beating estimates. 
Cryan, 55, has struggled to stem a slide in shares and maintain client confidence after the U.S. Department of Justice last month requested $14 billion to settle a probe into faulty securities, more than twice the bank’s legal provisions. Some investors have called for deeper cost cuts amid concern that the lender will have to raise capital even after eliminating thousands of jobs. 
“This is a small step on the path to improvement, but there are still many potholes in the road,” said Ulf Moritzen, who helps manage about 2.4 billion euros, including Deutsche Bank shares, at Aramea Asset Management in Hamburg, Germany. “The mood will be pretty depressed until the big settlements are out of the way.”",0
13169,"PARTNERS IN CRIME: Goldman Sachs, The Clintons & Wall Street","November 3, 2016 By Shawn Helton 1 Comment 
Shawn Helton 21st Century Wire 
The cozy relationship between Goldman Sachs and the Clintons has reached dizzying new heights in recent years, giving the Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton an immensely influential partner on Wall Street. 
As the public and most of the mainstream media is still processing the political bombshell concerning the newly reopened FBI probe into the Hillary Clinton ’s email server case – the global investment banking firm Goldman Sachs quietly endorsed the Democratic presidential candidate this past week. 
The financial ties that bind the Clintons and Wall Street banks like Goldman Sachs are nothing new, but never before have the connections been so exposed. Let’s take a trip down collusion lane to review some of the more questionable examples of their political and financial merger formed long ago… 
‘MONEY CHANGERS’– Wall Street’s Goldman Sachs are inextricably linked to the Clinton’s and The Clinton Foundation. (Photo illustration 21WIRE) 
The Clintons & Goldman Sachs 
While campaigning for his first term in the White House, former president Bill Clinton received an enormous amount of support from Washington insider lobbyists and investment banking firms on Wall Street. 
At the top of the pile sat Goldman Sachs… 
In 1992, the LA Times reported that presidential nominee Bill Clinton,” received the largest share of his financial support–at least $2.6 million–from lawyers and lobbyists,” and that Clinton also received additional support from “…big securities firms such as Goldman, Sachs & Co. in New York and Stephens Inc. in his hometown of Little Rock, Ark. In fact, Goldman Sachs employees and their family members were responsible for the biggest contributions from a single firm: $98,700.” 
For decades the Clintons have remained close allies to the banking behemoth Goldman Sachs and in the process, a mutually beneficial relationship has taken hold, something that even the NY Times admits: 
“Over 20-plus years, Goldman provided the Clintons with some of their most influential advisers, millions of dollars in campaign contributions and speaking fees, and financial support for the family foundation’s charitable programs.” 
By now, there should be little doubt that the Clinton political machine is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Wall Street banking cartel. Their relationship was built over three decades. 
The real watershed moment came here… 
BLANK CHECK: Bill Clinton laughs with Wall Street elites after signing the Financial Services Modernization Act in 1999. 
‘Key to the Kingdom’ 
In one of the most significant financial rulings in the modern era, the Clinton presidency gave big banks like Goldman Sachs the skeleton key to the kingdom by deregulating the investment banking system almost entirely. 
The Clinton/Goldman Sachs/Wall Street partnership was fully forged after the removal of the Glass-Steagall Act , which banking luminaries cynically named the “ Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999″ officially titled the Gramm- Leach-Bliley Act . The original Glass-Steagall was a depression-age four-part provision under the Bank Act of 1933 that strictly prohibited securities activities that could be harmful to investors – the same sort of rogue speculating and paper fiat fraud which triggered the Great Depression (1929-1941). In fact, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act which repealed Glass-Steagall, opened the door for the ‘shadow banking’ realm outside of regulatory oversight which led to a much higher trading risk, as banks became more interlinked. 
Simply put: Clinton’s repeal of Glass-Steagell removed the firewall between speculative investment banking and regular high street retail and consumer banking – which exposed everyone to toxic, subprime ponzi schemes and fake paper products being pushed around the globe by the banking elite – which ultimately causing the global economy to crash in 2008. All that can be laid at the feet of one William Jefferson Clinton. And Hillary still claims that, “My husband did so well with the economy.” Really? 
In a cross-posted article featured at Huffington Post , Nomi Prins underscored the complicit nature of Wall Street and Washington after the removal of tighter bank regulations under the Clinton administration during the 1990’s: 
“To grasp the dangers that the Big Six banks (JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley) presently pose to the financial stability of our nation and the world, you need to understand their history in Washington, starting with the Clinton years of the 1990s. Alliances established then (not exclusively with Democrats, since bankers are bipartisan by nature) enabled these firms to become as politically powerful as they are today and to exert that power over an unprecedented amount of capital. Rest assured of one thing: their past and present CEOs will prove as critical in backing a Hillary Clinton presidency as they were in enabling her husband’s years in office.” 
Prins herself was a former managing director at Goldman Sachs, senior managing director at Bear Stearns, as well as having worked as a senior strategist at the now defunct investment banking firm Lehman Brothers. Following the financial crash in 2007-2008, Prins blew the whistle on the banking world in a book entitled “ It Takes a Pillage : Behind the Bonuses, Bailouts, and Backroom Deals from Washington to Wall Street.” 
Prins has become an advocate for the reinstatement of the Glass-Steagall Act since departing from the investment banking world. 
The media outlet Common Dreams described the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group (becoming Citigroup), which was dubbed the ‘Citi-Travelers Act’ on Capitol Hill. It was a conglomeration that went hand in hand with the Clinton administration’s influence on banking deregulation marked by the repeal of Glass-Steagall: 
“Then, in 1998, in an act of corporate civil disobedience, Citicorp and Travelers Group announced they were merging. Such a combination of banking and insurance companies was illegal under the Bank Holding Company Act , but was excused due to a loophole that provided a two-year review period of proposed mergers. The merger was premised on the expectation that Glass-Steagall would be repealed. Citigroup’s co-chairs Sandy Weill and John Reed led a swarm of industry executives and lobbyists who trammeled the halls of Congress to make sure a deal was cut.” 
At the time, it was the largest financial merger even though it was technically illegal , as stated by the former Bankers of America CEO Kenneth Guenther . In 1999 , after “12 attempts in 25 years,” Congress passed the Financial Services Modernization Act , which led to the repeal of Glass-Steagall. 
The repeal of Glass-Steagall was pushed heavily by Citigroup’s co-CEO Sanford Weill and lobbyist Roger Levy and according to a report by The Nation : 
“They laid out more than $290 million for lobbying in 1998, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, and donated more than $150 million in the 1997–98 election cycle—a figure sure to be topped in 1999–2000.” 
How much of those contributions made their way to the Clinton family and what kind of impact did this have after they left the White House? 
In 2005, Bill Clinton was paid over half a million for speaking at three private Goldman events. 
In 2013, after stepping down from her position as Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton gave a total of three paid speeches at Goldman Sachs events to the tune of $675,000 dollars, in which one attendee said “s he sounded more like a Goldman Sachs managing director,” according to a quote obtained by Politico . Indeed, Clinton gave a glowing speech to the Goldman gang and in the process, as Wikileaks released in early October , the Democratic nominee believes in “both a public and a private position” on Wall Street reform and that it is an “ oversimplification” to suggest that investment banking led to the most recent financial crisis. 
That Clinton leak provided another window into the much protected alliance between finance and politics, but it’s only the tip of a much larger iceberg. 
In 2015, the Washington Post reported that “Hillary Rodham Clinton and former president Bill Clinton earned in excess of $25 million for delivering 104 speeches since the beginning of 2014, a huge infusion to their net worth as she was readying for a presidential bid.” 
‘ANOINTED’: Chelsea Clinton with Goldman Sachs-backed hedge funder Marc Mezvinsky. 
The Clinton family is chock-full of banking connections, as Chelsea Clinton ‘joined’ the Avenue Capital Group, which according to reports is a “…$12 billion hedge fund whose founder has contributed to many Democratic Party campaigns.” Chelsea is married to Marc Mezvinsky , a former investment banker for Goldman Sachs. Chelsea’s tenure at Avenue Capital Group was from 2006-2008 just prior to Hillary Clinton’s run for president in 2008. Since then Chelsea has risen to vice chairman inside the Clinton Foundation. 
Marc Mezvinsky was forced to close one of his hedge funds recently, Eaglevale Hellenic Opportunity , after had the fund lost most of its initial investor funds of $25 million – after blowing the money on secondhand junk Greek bank stocks and toxic government debt. 
The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree… 
As it turns out, Marc is the son of troubled former Congressman Ed Mezvinsky – another close friend of Team Clinton. 
Politico reports on one of Ed Mezvinsky’s financial controversies in 1999: 
“In the waning days of Clinton’s presidency, federal prosecutors and the FBI were bearing down on former Rep. Ed Mezvinsky (D-Iowa), who had fallen for a series of Ponzi schemes and pulled in nearly $10 million money from other investors to cover his losses. “ 
Continuing, Politico outlined new information concerning a pardon request sent by from Ed Mezvinsky’s wife to then President Bill Clinton: 
“…records released last week by the Clinton Presidential Library in Little Rock and obtained by POLITICO show Mezvinsky and his then-wife — ex-Rep. Marjorie Margolies-Mezvinsky (D-Pa.) — pleaded with the former president for a presidential pardon to head off the looming federal case.” 
In 2016, the Daily Mail reported the following: “Chelsea Clinton’s husband and his partners have suffered a huge loss after trying to bet on the revival of the Greek economy, and are now being forced to shut down one of their hedge funds. Marc Mezvinsky, 38, and his partners, former Goldman Sachs colleagues Bennett Grau and Mark Mallon, raised $25million from investors to buy up bank stocks and debt from the struggling nation. That fund however has lost 90 percent of its value, investors with direct knowledge of the situation told The New York Times , and will now be closed.” 
‘THE INSIDERS’– A ground-breaking ceremony at Goldman Sachs headquarters in Manhattan in 2005. Hillary Clinton is joined by Michael Bloomberg , Lloyd Blankfein (current Goldman Sachs CEO), Former Goldman Sachs CEO Henry Paulson. (Image Source: ilovemyfreedom ) 
The NY Times further outlined the long-held Clinton/Goldman connection just two years before the 2007-2008 financial crisis: “The Clintons’ relationships with Wall Street deepened in the 2000s, when Mr. Clinton set up his foundation in Harlem and Mrs. Clinton was elected to the Senate from New York. That brought her in close touch with the big Wall Street firms, a source of jobs and tax revenue for New York — and a leading source of campaign funds for Mrs. Clinton. During her years in Congress, employees of Goldman donated in excess of $234,000 to Mrs. Clinton, more than those of any other company except Citigroup, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Along with other New York politicians, Mrs. Clinton worked to obtain federal tax breaks to resuscitate Lower Manhattan after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, and those breaks helped Goldman build its new, roughly $2 billion headquarters. When it broke ground in 2005, Mrs. Clinton and other New York officials were on-site.” ‘HOW TO MONETIZE INFLUENCE’– Lloyd Blankfein at a Clinton Global Initiative event with Hillary Clinton. (Image Source: sputniknews ) The Wall Street Racket To understand who powers the Clinton Foundation’s billion dollar RICO influence-peddling slush fund, you need to understand how money is laundered between Wall Street and Washington DC. Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and Citigroup and many others were all ordered to pay millions for misleading investors after the 2008 crash, then in April of 2016, Goldman was ordered to settle a federal and state probe for $5 Billion dollars. CNBC reported the following: 
“Goldman Sachs will pay $5 billion to settle federal and state probes into the bank’s sale of mortgage-backed securities before the financial crisis, the Justice Department announced Monday. 
Authorities said Goldman misrepresented the quality of loans it securitized and then sold to investors ahead of the housing bubble and 2008 crisis. The settlement includes a $2.4 billion civil penalty, $1.8 billion in relief payouts to underwater homeowners and affected borrowers and $875 million to resolve various other claims. 
This resolution holds Goldman Sachs accountable for its serious misconduct in falsely assuring investors that securities it sold were backed by sound mortgages, when it knew that they were full of mortgages that were likely to fail,” acting Associate Attorney General Stuart Delery said in a statement .” 
In 2013, a Bloomberg article questioned how Goldman managed to survive and even thrive during the 2007-2008 economic crisis: 
“Whether Goldman could have gone the way of Lehman Brothers or Merrill Lynch remains the subject of much debate. Goldman maintains that it did not need, or want, the $10 billion bailout that Hank Paulson [ former Goldman alum] pushed on it and other firms in October 2008. But the fact remains that when the Federal Reserve allowed Goldman and Morgan Stanley—but not Lehman Brothers—to become bank holding companies on Sept. 21, 2008, Goldman was able, three days later, to raise $10 billion in equity, $5 billion from the public and another $5 billion from investor Warren Buffett. That would probably not have happened without the Fed’s expedited decision and support. (A week later, Morgan Stanley saved itself from bankruptcy when it negotiated a $9 billion equity investment from Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group.)” 
All told the Clinton friendly investment giant Goldman Sachs (after making record profits) became the fifth mega-bank ordered to pay billions to the Department of Justice after the financial crash of 2007-2008. In addition, the firm was ordered to pay $3 billion to the Federal Housing Finance Agency in 2014 – not including pending private lawsuits levied on the firm since the Great Recession. 
In a New York Review article Goldman Sachs was already under investigation for committing fraud at least a year before the economic crash in 2007-2008: 
“Data gathered mostly from the Corporate Research Project , a public interest website, show that on thirteen occasions between 2009 and 2016, Goldman was penalized by US courts or government agencies for fraudulent or deceptive practices that were committed mostly between 2006 and 2009.” 
‘CASHING OUT’– Bill Clinton with his top economic strategist Robert Rubin. (Image Source: St. Louis Post-Dispatch ) 
Wall Street Selects ‘Team Clinton’ 
The Clinton connection to Goldman Sachs emerged in the early 1990’s as Robert Rubin , a former senior partner with Goldman (with a 26-year tenure with the firm), joined former President Clinton’s economic policy team, later becoming Secretary of the Treasury in 1995. Around that time, the Clinton presidency ushered in soaring tax hikes under the ‘Rubinomics’ banner (aka Clintonomics), the plan raised taxes on most Americans, specifically the middle class , in what was said to be the largest increase in American history at the time. 
According to Congressional record ( Vol.146 part 2 ), “In 1995, the economy grew at a sickly 1.5% – Clinton’s vetoes of spending cuts [insured] continued deficits well into the 21st Century.” 
In a Multinational Monitor report entitled “Wall Street’s Best Investment: Ten Deregulatory Steps to Financial Meltdown,” by Robert Weissman and James Donahue , a clearer picture of the financial collusion spawned in the 1990’s under the Clinton administration was revealed: 
“During the Clinton Administration, Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin, who had run Goldman Sachs, enthusiastically promoted the legislation. In a 1995 testimony before the House Banking Committee, for example, Rubin argued that “the banking industry is fundamentally different from what it was two decades ago, let alone in 1933. … U.S. banks generally engage in a broader range of securities activities abroad than is permitted domestically. Even domestically, the separation of investment banking and commercial banking envisioned by Glass-Steagall has eroded significantly.” 
With a pedigree that included Goldman Sachs, the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), The Brookings Institution and the Bilderberg Group , Robert Rubin emerged in 1999 as the vice chairman at Citigroup (1999-2009) after overseeing its merger as well as helping to craft the repeal of Glass-Steagall while serving as Secretary of Treasury. Rubin made a fortune with Citigroup causing sharp criticism in media and from those within the financial sector following the 2007-2008 crash. Here’s a passage from Bloomberg regarding Rubin in the aftermath of the banking collapse: 
“When it collapsed, due in part to bank-friendly policies that Rubin advocated, he made more than $100 million while others lost everything. “You have to view people in a fair light,” says Phil Angelides, co-chair of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission, who credits Rubin for much of the Clinton-era prosperity. “But on the other side of the ledger are key acts, such as the deregulation of derivatives, or stopping the Commodities Futures Trading Commission from regulating derivatives, that in the end weakened our financial system and exposed us to the risk of financial disaster.” 
‘SWORN’– FBI director James Comey sworn in by former DOJ head Eric Holder. (Image Source: thewhitehousespin ) 
Under the Microscope 
Over the summer 21WIRE observed some curious connections between the Clinton Foundation and FBI director James Comey , as well as his questionable handling of other cases related to the Clinton family. Here’s the following passage to consider in light of the new information related to the Clinton investigation: 
“Many will also be unaware that before Comey was installed by the Obama Administration as FBI Director, he was on the board of Director at HSBC Bank – a bank implicated in international money laundering , including the laundering of billions on behalf of international drugs and narcotics trafficking cartels. Forbes also points out where Comey was also at the key choke-point during the case involving dodgy auditor KPMG which followed on by the HSBC criminal case: 
“If Comey, and his boss Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez, had made a different decision about KPMG back in 2005, KPMG would not have been around to miss all the illegal acts HSBC and Standard Chartered SCBFF +% were committing on its watch. Bloomberg reported in 2007 that back in June of 2005, Comey was the man thrust into the position of deciding whether KPMG would live or die for its criminal tax shelter violations.” 
In 2015, the Guardian discussed the financial relationship between HSBC and the Clinton Foundation receiving a startling $81 million in donations from clients of the large bank: 
“The charitable foundation run by Hillary Clinton and her family has received as much as $81m from wealthy international donors who were clients of HSBC’s controversial Swiss bank. 
Leaked files from HSBC’s Swiss banking division reveal the identities of seven donors to the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation with accounts in Geneva.” 
A new update on the FBI investigation into the Clinton Foundation was announced over the last 24 hours, in addition the recently reopened Clinton email probe from last week. It remains to be seen how in-depth this new investigation will be. 
To call it collusion would be an understatement. When looking back at the financial affairs of the Clintons, Goldman Sachs and others on Wall Street – it’s clearer than ever that what we are looking at is a criminal syndicate. 
READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files 
SUPPORT 21WIRE – SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV Filed Under: Featured , Shawn Helton , US News Tagged With: 2016 Election , Clinton Foundation , Clinton Global Initiative , FBI , Goldman Sachs , Hillary Clinton , Trump Analyze_This_88 
So looks like Goldman Sachs Blankfein bankrolled Chelsea Clinton’s husband, no doubt another payoff for the Clintons loyalty to the Wall Street criminal banking cartel.. TRENDING ON 21WIRE ",0
13170,NASA accidentally films the BEST UFO sighting yet,NASA accidentally films the BEST UFO sighting yet Lol. Re: NASA accidentally films the BEST UFO sighting yet Just in time for the election...Do they really think this will stop us talking about her? Information is the most dangerous weapon of all ... Page 1,0
13171,Breaking: NBC Caught Preparing Hillary Victory Results Before Election… This is SHOCKING To Everyone | EndingFed News Network,"Email Print Pre-election “results” conditioning public to accept rigged Hillary “victory” A NBC station was caught posting election results showing a Hillary Clinton victory days before the election, fueling concerns that the mainstream media is conditioning the public to accept a rigged election favoring Hillary. Political activists discovered a hidden web site for WRCB out of Chattanooga, Tenn. showing election results with Hillary Clinton securing 343 electoral votes and 42% of the popular vote. The web site originated from the FTP server of WorldNow, a media software company that provides real-time data – such as election results – and other media assets to local news stations. The activist who found the page pointed out that the results align well with the “fractional vote” method used by voting machines to rig elections to a predetermined outcome. “On election day, you will see the same percentages overall, with only the numbers that claim to equal them different,” the activist reported. “The difference in total votes shown on the station pages, with the same overall final percentages proves the election theft is automated to hit desired percentages, no one has to lift a finger during the election itself to accomplish the steal.” Election fraud expert Bev Harris was the first to uncover this method, which is also known as “vote shaving.” “You need to have votes counted as fractions,” Harris said on The Alex Jones Show Monday. “You need the votes to be counted with decimal places, like you count money.” “If a vote is a dollar, you also need to have cents with it. That will not show. It’s hidden.” Vote shaving works by treating votes as decimals rather than whole numbers, which allows the machines to allocate the remaining fractional percentages elsewhere to sway election outcomes. “There’s this one central computer, which at the end of the day, all the votes come to it,” Harris pointed out. “That’s where you take it. You don’t run around to 5,000 different precincts. You wait until the votes come to you, and then you have your way with them.” And, interestingly, it appears the majority of the local news stations get their election results from the same software company. Skeptics suggested the WorldNow page was part of a code test to ensure the software would post the actual results, but surprisingly, the data on the page was typed in – with no apparent code tabulating anything. And it’s revealing that, more often than not, when the mainstream media “tests” election result software, it shows the establishment candidate winning the election. At the very least, the results page shows obvious media bias towards Hillary, and it follows a pattern by the mainstream media to claim Hillary has already won the election weeks before Nov. 8 in an attempt to suppress voter enthusiasm for Trump, which is one of his major advantages. This discovery comes amid Project Veritas’ damning videos exposing Democrat operatives discussing how they’ve been rigging elections for the last 50 years, as well as Wikileaks’ relentless data dumping of John Podesta’s emails revealing more collusion and corruption between the Clinton campaign and the mainstream media. WRCB could not be immediately reached for comment. 
If you haven’t checked out and liked our Facebook page, please go here and do so. Leave a comment... ",0
13172,Southern Poverty Law Center TV Series to Explore ’Far-Right Extremism’,"The Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) is developing a documentary series centered on “  extremism” and President Donald Trump. [The controversial nonprofit is teaming with Black Box Management to produce a   documentary series that will explore “the normalization of American   extremism in the age of Donald Trump,” according to a statement provided to the Hollywood Reporter.  Black Box   and producer Mike Dill told THR that his Los   company plans to start shopping the   project to potential cable and streaming outlets as early as June. The SPLC has come under intense scrutiny in recent years for what has been perceived as electioneering, which is illegal for the 501( c)(3)   organization. “To vindicate itself as a fair and balanced agency, the IRS must strip the SPLC of its privileged   status,” Dale Wilcox, the Immigration Law Reform Institute’s general counsel, told Breitbart News last month. “Their attacks on the President during his campaign were some of the most egregious I’ve ever seen,” he said, adding that “hoarding over $300 million in donor contributions, the group can afford to pay taxes anyway. ” Last year, the SPLC described the deadly assault on Orlando’s Pulse nightclub that left 49 people dead, and the Black Lives   murders of police officers in Baton Rouge and Dallas, as “  terrorist plots. ” Dill is also developing a series, along with WGN America, called Fast Boys, about the   War II rise of the American   industry. The drama series was   before WGN America’s recent announcement that the network’s potential buyout by Sinclair Broadcast Group could mean a major shift away from original series. “The ratings WGN America (delivers) doesn’t justify the type of spending they do on the original programming side,” Sinclair Broadcast Group CEO Chris Ripley told Wall Street investors Monday, Variety reports. “The channel could be run much more profitably on a fraction of what they spend on programming. ” However, a spokesperson for WGN told THR that the billion dollar deal between Sinclair and WGN America won’t affect Fast Boys. “Both Fast Boys and the SPLC project tell the stories of those who don’t accept the limitations that others try to place upon them,” Black Box   Lowell Shapiro said in a statement. “The subjects see an opportunity to create change and evolve beyond the status quo. ”     Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
13173,"Among Olympians’ Zika Precautions: Fewer Guests, Frozen Sperm - The New York Times","ANAHEIM, Calif.  —   As thousands of athletes headed to the Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro worry, to varying degrees, about the Zika virus, at least one American has taken a   measure: freezing his sperm. John Speraw, 44, the coach of the United States men’s indoor volleyball team, said he was preserving sperm to use for a planned future pregnancy in case he is infected with the   virus. “My wife and I would like to have another kid,” he said recently at U. S. A. Volleyball’s training center. “And I’m no spring chicken. I don’t want to get Zika and have to wait an additional year, or whatever it may be, for us to have kids. I’m paying attention to Zika, and I’m concerned about it. It’s not going to stop me from going down there, but I’m taking measures right now. ” The level of anxiety over Zika among athletes and coaches headed to the Olympics sweeps across the spectrum. The American cyclist Tejay van Garderen, worried about contracting Zika and passing it along to his wife and his unborn daughter, recently removed himself from consideration for an Olympic spot. In interviews with many other likely Olympians, most said they were not hugely concerned about Zika but planned to take suggested precautions against it  —   generally by avoiding mosquito bites. The threat has mostly altered plans of friends and family members who expected to go to Rio to cheer them. “My brother’s wife is pregnant, so if I go, he won’t be coming,” the American indoor volleyball player Murphy Troy said. “That’s unfortunate. That’s the biggest impact  —   other family and friends, people who may have come before may not come now. “As far as an athlete perspective, there’s not much we can do but be as prepared as we can to be    —   bug spray and long sleeves and stay inside. The information that I’ve gotten is that maybe it’s not as bad in Rio as the media has portrayed. We’re kind of being optimistic but also want to be as prepared as we can. ” In most known cases, Zika has caused flulike symptoms for a few days. But it has been blamed for a huge rise in Brazil of microcephaly, or babies born with abnormally small heads, and some cases of   syndrome, which can cause paralysis, usually temporarily. The virus is transmitted primarily by the Aedes aegypti mosquito, but there have also been cases in which Zika was transmitted sexually. The World Health Organization said this week that athletes and spectators, except for pregnant women, should feel comfortable attending the Olympics. Rio organizers will distribute 450, 000 condoms to athletes, three times as many as were handed out at the London Games in 2012, an increase largely in response to the Zika outbreak. Generally, for those who participate in sports in which the Olympics represent the ultimate achievement, the threat of Zika  —   or, for that matter, Rio’s polluted water, its propensity for random violence, its collapsing economy or its   politics  —   is not enough to keep them away. Several of those who have expressed reservations have been golfers, tennis players and basketball players. Stephen Curry, Russell Westbrook and James Harden are among the N. B. A. players to have opted out of the Olympics, although none cited Zika concerns as the reason. U. S. A. Volleyball officials said that no players expected to make the Olympic rosters, men or women, had suggested they might not attend. The beach volleyball player Kerri Walsh Jennings, a   gold medalist, said in an interview on Wednesday that she was not concerned, having been in Rio for a tournament in March. The threat of mosquitoes is expected to decline into August, which is the heart of the Brazilian winter. “I took my essential oils, I’m going to bring my Honest bug repellent, and I escaped all mosquito bites until the very last day,” Walsh Jennings said. “And I came home, and I didn’t get Zika. ” She said her three children would not go to Rio  —   not because of Zika concerns but because they were young and there was not a lot for them to do. April Ross, Walsh Jennings’s playing partner, said Zika was not a worry, but her agent, who is pregnant, is not planning to go to Rio. “You’ve got to be smart about it and take all the precautions you can, which we will,” said Ross, who is married. “And I plan on getting tested when we get back before we start trying to have a baby. If we have to wait, we’re going to wait. In my mind, there’s no point in necessarily worrying about it if there’s nothing you can really do. Take the precautions you can, and forget about it. ” That is why Speraw, the men’s indoor coach, is taking the   measure of freezing his sperm. His wife, Michelle, and their    daughter, Brooklyn, will not go to Rio because of concerns over Zika, he said. And an original   list of about 10 family members and friends has been whittled to just his parents. Speraw is not the only one freezing sperm. The British long jumper Greg Rutherford said he was, too, and the Spanish basketball player Pau Gasol said he was considering it. Speraw said the idea had bounced around among other United States coaches and officials and even some of his players, many of them married. “I’m doing it because I’m 44,” he said. “I don’t want to wait and try to have a baby when I’m 46, you know? If we want to try next February, which was our original plan, then at least we can still do that. ”",0
13174,Islamist Rebels Slay Christian Pastor in Central African Republic,"Muslim rebels brutally stabbed to death a Christian pastor in the Central African Republic (CAR) then proceeded to burn his church to the ground. [In what is being reported as a revenge attack for military operations against the Islamist militia, jihadists attacked Pastor   Sankagui of the Church of Christ in the capital city of Bangui on Feb. 7, stabbing him to death and then torching his church as well as two other Christian churches in the area.  CAR military together with UN peacekeepers recently attempted to capture local Muslim militia leader Youssouf Sy, but the operation failed and Sy and one of his men were killed in the incident. During the operation, Sy and his men opened fire on the security forces and killed two   a man and a woman, at which point the military returned fire and killed Sy and another militiaman. According to World Watch Monitor, Sy’s supporters went on a “rampage” in retaliation for the operation, attacking people and destroying property. “The incident took place following a military operation. Then militiamen started shooting. They burnt down our houses,” one internally displaced person (IDP) told local media, on condition of anonymity. Sy’s allies surrounded Rev. Sankagui’s church, then killed the pastor and burned the church building. After the initial attack, the Muslim militia set fire to two other churches in the area, the Apostolic and St Mathias Church, and also destroyed a local school. Militiamen also reportedly stormed a health facility with the intention of killing off the wounded. According to Dr. Michel Yao, acting U. N. humanitarian coordinator in the country, more than two dozen wounded were brought in for treatment. “Armed elements forcefully entered into the facility with the intention to kill some of the injured,” he said. According to UN reports, the attacks brought about the combined deaths of at least five people with 26 more injured. The   Central African Republic erupted in civil war in 2013 after Muslim rebels from the Seleka militia overthrew former president Francois Bozize, a Christian. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
13175,"Rachel Maddow Airs Headline Linking Venezuelan Protests to Trump, Retracts Online - Breitbart","A segment of MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show displayed a chyron implying the widespread   protests in Venezuela were actually against President Donald Trump. [The show, which aired on Thursday, implied that a donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration of $500, 000 from a subsidiary of a Venezuelan   oil company was a cause of recent protests.  A headline at the bottom of the screen during a segment explaining the donation read: “Unrest in Venezuela Over Trump Donations,” without noting the growing food and medicine shortages that have occurred there as a direct result of nearly two decades of socialist mismanagement.  During the segment, Maddow claimed, “Venezuelans are enraged anew over by this brand new FEC filing from the White House [showing]  …     that Venezuela’s   oil company somewhere found a half million dollars to donate to the very, very, very inexplicably overfunded Trump inauguration. ” Maddow was referring to a report showing that Citgo Petrol, the American affiliate of Petroleos de Venezuela (PDVSA) the   oil company, donated $500, 000 to the Trump inauguration. A report from November last year found that Venezuela’s   oil corporation, Petróleos de Venezuela, has $11 billion unaccounted for in the past decade. While Maddow did not directly link the protests to the donation, the only thing close to an explanation for the protests she gave was that “the sanctions that the U. S. put on Venezuela were put there in 2014, after 43 people got killed while participating in   protests. ” Nowhere in the segment are socialist policies or   political oppression, including the imprisonment of prisoners of conscience, mentioned, nor does she mention that the victims in the 2014 protests were largely killed by state police, national guard, or socialist gangs. There is no evidence suggesting the reason behind the civil unrest was the donation. Opposition leader Henrique Capriles, who was recently banned from holding public office for 15 years without cause, called for protests to fight the government’s military plan designed to silence opposition, promising that they “will not rest until Venezuela returns to constitutional order. ” Many Venezuelans are starving living under the socialist dictatorship of Nicolas Maduro. The average Venezuelan lost nearly 20 pounds throughout 2016 due to food shortages, according to a recent poll. Over 15 percent of Venezuelans rely on industrial waste as food to survive. Maddow failed to link any of Venezuela’s socialist policies, such as the mass nationalization of industries, to the country’s current crisis. The show later apologized for the chyron and updated it in its web version of the broadcast. “Rachel was clear in calling the protests in Venezuela ‘’ but the banner on the screen while she said it was not correct. As a TV show, we have to get them both right, and sometimes we miss,” MSNBC said in a statement. The version of the segment posted online no longer includes the chyron to reflect the fact that producers did not, in retrospect, consider it an accurate representation of the situation in Venezuela or of Maddow’s commentary. Late dictator Hugo Chávez enacted sweeping socialist reforms to cripple the nation’s economy, including the aforementioned seizures of corporations, which resulted in many international corporations fleeing the country. Following his death, Nicolás Maduro has overseen mass shortages of food, medicine, and electricity, imposing a ration system and strict price controls, which have exacerbated the problem. This week, the Venezuelan opposition held the “mother of all protests” across the country, calling for an end to Maduro’s rule and the socialist policies that have led to the country’s decline. On Thursday, General Motors announced it had ceased all its Venezuelan operations after the government seized control of its plant in the city of Valencia. On Friday, the Associated Press reported that 20 people have been killed in recent   demonstrations, as protesters clashed with riot police and   militias. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
13176,CBS’ Les Moonves Wants NFL Commissioner Goodell to Speed Up Games - Breitbart,"It turns out that the overwhelming majority of fans are not the only people that think NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell needs to do his job better. [On the heels of FOX’s suggestion that the NFL limit its number of broadcast windows, CBS President Les Moonves has told the commissioner that the games need to start moving a lot faster. According to Fortune, “If there are ways of doing advertising in different ways that are equally beneficial, we’re looking at that, and we’re trying to make the game as good an experience as we could make it. ”  According to Pro Football Talk, “Moonves also discussed with Goodell ways that the referees could see the replays more quickly so that replay reviews would be shorter. ” This is one of those things that sounds great in theory, but could end up a nightmare in practice. Pay close attention to what Moonves has suggested here. He’s not saying that the league should run fewer commercials. That’s not a real option for a league that exists to make money, which the NFL definitely does. No, instead Moonves suggests “advertising in different ways that are equally beneficial. ” That could very well mean  on uniforms. It could mean  along the sidelines, similar to what hockey and soccer does. It could mean any number of really intrusive advertising methods that NFL fans have not had to put up with before. While everyone would like fewer advertising interruptions, not everyone wants to see Tom Brady with a “Papa John’s” logo on his chest. The suggestion to speed up replay reviews has merit. Officials have consistently taken longer than their allotted time on reviews for quite a while. But why not just focus on simplifying the rule book, and encouraging referees to use discretion when making calls, so that only the most obvious calls get made instead of calling everything the officials see? If the game moved faster with fewer unplanned interruptions such as penalties, then the planned interruptions, in this case the commercials, wouldn’t seem all that bad. Whatever they decide, the NFL formula of about 20 minutes of real football action spread across a      time period is clearly not working. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn",0
13177,Hillary’s definition of a conspiracy theorist: anyone who doesn’t believe her lies,"Print 
Watching Hillary Clinton run from a hardball question like a roach from Raid should give every American a sense of satisfaction. When a reporter asked the former secretary of state about the Project Veritas undercover videos , which featured disgraced former Democratic operatives Scott Foval and Bob Creamer bragging about provoking violence at Trump rallies and perpetrating mass voter fraud, Clinton panicked and pulled the plug on the entire press conference. “I know nothing about this,” said Clinton. “I’m not — I can’t deal with every one of [James O’Keefe’s] conspiracy theories but I hope you all have something to eat and something to drink on the way back to New York. Thank you!” 
Conspiracy theories? Was she really trying to imply that videotaped confessions from two of her surrogates amount to a “conspiracy theory?” Yes, she was. It’s become something of a habit for her — every time Hillary wants to deny plain facts she calls them a “conspiracy theory” — which is quite delicious coming from Ms. “Vast Rightwing Conspiracy” herself. 
To call something a “conspiracy theory” doesn’t reveal much about its validity. Of course, some conspiracy theories are legitimately kooky. Tune in to Coast to Coast AM for a while to see what I’m talking about, or listen to Jesse Ventura expound on secret US government weather control machines in Alaska. Most of these loony conspiracy theories originate on the political Left, by the way, such as the assertion that Lee Harvey Oswald was “sheep-dipped” to look like a communist so that JFK’s real capitalist/imperialist murderers could make a clean getaway. 
But other conspiracy theories are at least plausible. Whenever two or more people plot in secret, that’s a conspiracy. Anyone who suspects that a conspiracy’s afoot is by definition a conspiracy theorist. If you come home from vacation to find a car parked on your lawn and the back yard strewn with red Solo cups, you might suspect that your teenaged sons conspired to throw a raging party. That’s a conspiracy theory. Watergate was a conspiracy among at least the four burglars. The ensuing coverup was a conspiracy that reached all the way up to the president. Watergate has been proven to most people’s satisfaction so we don’t think of it as a “theory” anymore, but there was a time, in the nascent stages of the investigation, when the whole picture was not yet known. In other words, it was a conspiracy theory — and yet it turned out to be true. 
Hillary Clinton employs the term “conspiracy theory” because of its derisive connotation. What she means by it is that a certain accusation — in this case that her campaign has engaged in illegal election tampering — is so absurd that it would be a waste of her time to respond. It’s crazy talk . File it over there with alien abductions and Illuminati shadow governments. 
Unfortunately for Hillary, the “conspiracy theory” alleged by Project Veritas happens to be very credible. Just listen to Democratic operative Scott Foval’s videotaped confession: 
We’ve been busing people in to deal with you f***ing assholes [Republicans] for fifty years and we’re not going to stop now. We’re just going to find a different way to do it. 
Foval’s “different way” is using rental cars rather than buses to get impostors from polling place to polling place on election day. That’s a conspiracy theory for sure but not an unreasonable one. It’s the same old shenanigans Democrats have been pulling since the heyday of Tammany Hall. Lying, cheating, and ballot box-stuffing — it’s what Democrats do. Richard Daley did it in Chicago, Lyndon Johnson did it in Texas, and Hillary Clinton’s doing it nationwide. 
Hillary Clinton and her media sycophants have gotten a lot of mileage out of the “conspiracy theory” dodge this election season. When Mrs. Clinton was haunted by persistent rumors of ill health, the media countered them with accusations of conspiratorial thinking. In a column conveniently titled “Can We Just Stop Talking About Hillary Clinton’s Health Now?” the Washington Post’s Chris Cillizza wrote : 
Beyond the Clinton conspiracy theorists who believe she had something to do with Vince Foster’s death and that she was secretly responsible for everything from Y2K to the SpaceX explosion last week, it’s hard to plausibly insist, based on the available data, that Clinton is ill. 
HuffPo contributor Melissa Jeltsen went even further, blaming both conspiratorial thinking and — you guess it! — bigotry : “Let’s get real: The wild conspiracy theories around Clinton’s health are a convenient way to mask misogyny inside ‘legitimate’ medical concerns.” 
As it turns out, those “conspiracy theories” weren’t so “wild” after all. Hillary Clinton later collapsed after a 9/11 memorial service but refused to go to the hospital for fear that her critics would be proven right. Thank goodness for camera phones — if the incident hadn’t been recorded, Hillary would be claiming that it never happened while maligning anyone who said otherwise as a nutty conspiracy theorist — and the press would be helping her. After the incident, Clinton admitted (or “admitted”) that she was stricken with walking pneumonia, a conveniently transitory illness. If you suspect that she suffers from a more permanent medical condition you’re probably a “conspiracy theorist.” It’s becoming painfully obvious that Hillary Clinton’s definition of a “conspiracy theory” is anything that contradicts her lies. 
The “conspiracy theorist” epithet has become the media’s lazy retort to every possible attack on their candidate — and make no mistake about it, she is their candidate. Earlier this month, CNN contributor Jackie Kucinich dismissed talk of Bill Clinton’s sexual assaults on various women as “conspiracy theory land,” which is frankly outrageous. Bill’s accusers form a line around the block, almost as long as Bill Cosby’s. We know at very least that he’s a sexual harasser and, if the most serious accusations lodged against him are true, a rapist as well. He has a track record that simply cannot be denied. Oddly enough this “conspiracy theory” would actually be a conspiracy theory if, as Kucinich implies, the accusers were lying because it would imply some shadowy group working behind the scenes to smear Bill Clinton with an endless barrage of slander. The simpler, non-conspiratorial explanation is just that Bill is a horndog off his leash. 
Jackie Kucinich is in fact a bona fide member of her own little conspiracy. In April 2015, the Clinton campaign held an “off the record” cocktail party with friendly reporters hosted at the Manhattan home of prominent Clinton supporter Joel Benenson. Among those journalists (if you can call them that) was Jackie Kucinich. According to a hacked email: 
Much of the group consists of influential reporters, anchors, and editors. The goals of the dinner include: (1) Giving reporters their first thoughts from team HRC in advance of the announcement (2) Setting expectations for the announcement and launch period (3) Framing the HRC message and framing the race (4) Enjoying a Frida[y] night drink before working more. [Emphasis added.] 
While many reporters on the list have impotently protested that their presence at the event does not amount to media coordination with a campaign, it’s hard to make the case that Kucinich is not a Clinton lackey after she spouted Clinton campaign talking points about Bill’s predatory nature on national television. It takes a certain gall for Kucinich, one of Hillary Clinton’s known co-conspirators, to go on television and whine about “conspiracy theories.” 
Nearly everyone on earth harbors “conspiracy theories” because conspiracies really do happen. Most people, however, prefer not to think of their own conspiracy theories as such because of the negative connotation associated with the term. Some conspiracy theories are downright silly but others are quite plausible. There are enough real conspiracies in the world to concentrate on the ones that are reasonably substantiated, such as Hillary Clinton’s coordination with dirty tricksters Foval and Creamer. As the conspiracy theory television program The X-Files used to say, “The Truth Is Out There.” Don’t be afraid to pursue it.",0
13178,"Hillary Clinton, Wimbledon, NASA: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The F. B. I. director, James Comey, said the bureau would not recommend criminal charges over Hillary Clinton’s use of a personal email server while she was secretary of state. That lifted a legal cloud hanging over her campaign. But, in keeping with a long career of diving into thorny political conflicts, he rebuked Mrs. Clinton for being “extremely careless” and the State Department for lax security. He noted that hostile governments might have gained access to her personal account. Some of Mrs. Clinton’s aides could still be punished, potentially costing them security clearances in a Clinton administration. _____ 2. President Obama made his first campaign appearance alongside Mrs. Clinton in North Carolina, just hours after Mr. Comey spoke. “I can tell you this, Hillary Clinton has been tested,” the president said. “There has never been any man or woman more qualified for this office. ” _____ 3. Britain’s pound hit a   low against the dollar as concerns over the country’s exit from the European Union mount. Theresa May, Britain’s home secretary, has emerged as the   for prime minister, to replace David Cameron. One lawmaker has called her “a bloody difficult woman. ” Even the art world is trying to grapple with the seismic shift, although one writer said the news itself was “playing out as a fascinating, twisting narrative. ” _____ 4. NASA’s Juno spacecraft completed a   voyage and has begun 20 months of orbits around Jupiter to collect data and images. The planet, most likely the first formed after the sun, could hold the keys to understanding the origins of the solar system. “Now the fun begins,” the lead scientist on the project said. _____ 5. PBS fended off fireworks from viewers after admitting that its broadcast of the Independence Day Show from the National Mall in Washington tried to compensate for   visibility problems by intercutting footage of pyrotechnics from previous years. The channel tweeted that its choice was “the patriotic thing to do,” but a Washington Post reporter tweeted back, “the Milli Vanilli of fireworks #shame. ” _____ 6. Accumulating evidence suggests that cancer is not as random as many people believe. Our health columnist, a doctor, reviewed cancer studies and concluded that attention to diet and exercise, and avoiding smoking, can significantly lower our vulnerability. One study showed that less than 30 percent of the lifetime risk of getting cancer was because of intrinsic risk factors, or “bad luck. ” _____ 7. A French parliamentary panel found widespread intelligence failures connected to the terrorist attacks in Paris last year. Taking a page from the U. S. after the   attacks, the panel urged that the nation’s intelligence agencies be merged. “Today we don’t measure up to those who are attacking us,” a lawmaker said. _____ 8. This Palestinian doctor, pictured with his family, has become a cause célèbre in Israel after helping save the lives of Jewish settlers in the West Bank. He happened upon an overturned car and helped treat the injured. A Palestinian medic had to warn him to flee to avoid being set upon by other settlers who might have mistaken him for the gunman who fired on the car. _____ 9. Venus Williams advanced at Wimbledon, reaching a Grand Slam semifinal for the first time since the 2010 United States Open. “I don’t have any regrets about anything that’s taken place in between,” she said, referring to troubles, including a diagnosis of an   disease and a back injury. “It’s been a journey, but it’s made me stronger. ” Her sister, Serena, is also in the semifinals. _____ 10. Finally, one of our   pieces today taps into the confusion over what we should be eating. Nutritionists and ordinary Americans tend to agree that soda and bacon aren’t so good for you, and that kale and fresh fruit are. But the experts rate sushi and tofu high, while the public elevates granola bars and orange juice. Both sides have mixed feelings about popcorn, pork chops and whole milk. So bon appétit and good luck. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
13179,After Abandoning Kurds to Erdogan's Invasion US Now Expects Them to Win the 'Race to Raqqa' for It - Adam Hill,"About Media skeptic After Abandoning Kurds to Erdogan's Invasion US Now Expects Them to Win the 'Race to Raqqa' for It 
But the Kurdish militias are saying they don't intend to expose themselves to a Turkish stab in the back Donate! The failure to give Turkey a red light comes back to bite 
US Secretary of Defense explained yesterday that the push to take ISIS capital in Raqqa, eastern Syria will begin within weeks. (And BTW Russia is not invited .) 
""It starts in the next few weeks,"" he said, referring to the timeline for an assault led by Arab and Kurdish fighters on ISIS' Syrian stronghold of Raqqa. ""That has long been our plan and we will be capable of resourcing both."" 
Carter added: ""It's been long a part of our plan that the Mosul operation would kick off when it did. This was a plan that goes back many months now and that Raqqa would follow soon behind. "" 
Take from this what you will. Perhaps this is empty talk to boost the Democrats' ISIS-fighting credentials and help Hillary on November 8. Perhaps it is a ruse of war meant to prevent ISIS from reinforcing Mosul from Syria. 
Or perhaps Ash Carter is actually serious. In which case I fear for Ash Carter. 
Americans have explained that when they mean they're going to take Raqqa that really means that Syrian Kurds are going to take Raqqa for them: 
""The only force that is capable on any near term timeline are the Syrian Democratic Forces, of which the YPG are a significant portion,"" said Army Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend in a news briefing. ""We'll move soon to isolate Raqqa with the forces that are ready to go."" 
In fact the Kurdish YPG are more than a ""significant portion"" of the SDF, they're easily 75% of its fighting strength, probably more. And herein lies the problem because even as US officials acknowledge Kurds aren't exactly eager to die so US can claim credit for expelling ISIS from a wholly non-Kurdish city. 
Arab forces are expected to be the ones to take the city itself, U.S. officials say. 
""Truthfully, the Kurds that I’ve dealt with don’t intend – they’re not comfortable going into Raqqa. They know they can play a role in shaping and isolating Raqqa but it’s not their intent to be involved in the actual seizure of the city,"" the U.S. military official said. 
Here is a fact. If YPG doesn't want to enter Raqqa, then SDF can not enter Raqqa. The satellite Arab formations of the SDF have nowhere the strength to face off against the Caliphate. 
In fact what the Kurds have been saying recently is that they may be willing to march on Raqqa but it is going to cost the US a lot more in political support and military supplies than what they've been getting so far. SDF Spokesman Talal Ali Silo: 
Our target is wherever ISIS occupies. Currently, our targets are Dêra Zor and Raqqa. However, al-Bab Military Council is demanding our help. We will meet their demands for militaristic and logistic help. Raqqa Operation requires great power and opportunities. It requires a lot of preparation. 
We receive some aid, but it is limited and done covertly. We demanded that International Coalition forces and the US give militaristic and political support overtly and officially. We demanded advanced weaponry, missiles, armored vehicles, panzers etc. They have been promised, but not delivered. 
This was two weeks ago, however. Ie, before the Turkish and US-backed rebels attempted an offensive against the Kurdish Afrin enclave. -- Their most ferocious assault against the SDF so far. 
As Turkish artillery and aircraft pounded the Kurds in support of attacking Islamists the US limited itself to 'expressing concern', 'calling on all sides to stand down'. US State Department spokesman John Kirby : 
“We are concerned about reports of civilian casualties in recent air and artillery strikes in northern Syria. We call on all sides to stand down and focus on greater threats.” 
In other words, as far as we know the US didn't lift a finger to protect the SDF against Erdogan's 'Euphrates Shield'. Instead it was actually forced to issue denials that it was part of the offensive. 
If Turkish media is to be believed Assad actually did more to support the Kurds than the US. Turkish pro-Erdogan media claimed that a Syrian helicopter struck the Turkish-backed rebels killing 2 and wounding 5. Kurds also captured footage ( 1:18 ) of what appeared like a Russian Su-30 fighter in the area -- perhaps as a cover for the helicopter if such a strike indeed took place. 
At this point the Kurds aren't worrying about Raqqa. They're worrying about the next Turkish offensive, and how a push to Raqqa would expose them to that : 
Syria's Kurds fear a ""stab in the back"" by Turkey if they join a push to drive Islamic State from its Syrian capital of Raqqa, one of their chief political leaders told Reuters on Tuesday. 
""It is very important that Raqqa is liberated. But one point which is bothering us is that, if we go toward Raqqa, we will be stabbed from the back ,"" he said. 
So here is the deal for Syrian Kurds from the American Empire: Accept only limited recognition and political support. Only limited supplies of weapons of the type you already have. Expect even this limited support to not extend to your Afrin enclave. And in return you get to lose fighters you might very well need against Turkey so US can claim credit for expelling Islamist fanatics from an Arab city before Russia does. 
Good deal? Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire",0
13180,POLL: Which is the most corrupt federal agency?,"POLL: Which is the most corrupt federal agency? My vote is IRS. Re: POLL: Which is the most corrupt federal agency? .gov ~mistakes are proof that you are trying~~be kind to unkind people, for they are the ones that need it the most~ Re: POLL: Which is the most corrupt federal agency? Where is the ""All of the above"" option? Anonymous Coward ( OP ) Re: POLL: Which is the most corrupt federal agency? Where is the ""All of the above"" option? Quoting: DarkMezbar Re: POLL: Which is the most corrupt federal agency? DOJall else follows The Deplorable Don Solo comments are meant for entertainment purposes only and should not be construed to reflect the feelings and opinions, implied or expressed, of the author. Anonymous Coward",0
13181,"When Killer and Victim’s Mother Meet, Paths From Grief, Fear and Guilt Emerge - The New York Times","TOPEKA, Kan.  —   Timothy Shahid and Joshua Kalina met, went drinking, became friends and then had a falling out that lead to the murder of one of the young men, all in a matter of hours. The victim’s mother, her life suddenly a disordered jumble marked by panic attacks and nightmares, decided to seek out her son’s killer to try to understand what had prompted an act of violence so baffling that even the gunman was at a loss.  With the aid of a restorative justice program, which brings together victims and those who have caused them harm, the two ultimately met  —   each seeking a way out of grief, fear and guilt. Here’s a look at Timothy, Joshua and Joshua’s mother as she becomes involved in the program. (In this related article, read about a meeting between the parents of a college student and the man convicted in the   accident that killed their son.) “I probably broke my mom’s heart when I told her that,” Timothy, now 30, said. “The road I was leading, I knew I was going to end up in one of those two places. ” At 14, Timothy and some other boys robbed a pawnshop, and he spent two years in a juvenile facility. By age 16, he was “religiously” carrying a gun that he sometimes used. He did not elaborate. “Hanging out with a group of kids gave me hope,” said Timothy, who was tormented by his adoption, and the parents he never knew. “I didn’t think my biological mother loved me. ” At the time of the shooting, Timothy was working at a telemarketing center. He spent his free hours smoking pot and drinking at least a pint of Hennessy a day. He customized the black 2005 Nissan Altima with special wheel rims, and was methodical about keeping the car looking pristine. Joshua grew up in Topeka with his mother, Judi Bergquist, and was especially close to his older brother. He liked to play practical jokes on those close to him. “He was so funny,” his mother said. He had severe attention deficit disorder and graduated from an alternative high school. Problems with social anxiety prompted him to wear a St. Louis Cardinals baseball cap pulled low over his face. Ms. Bergquist said Joshua began hanging out with what she described as a “rougher” group of friends after graduating, so she sent him to Texas to live with her parents. He returned to Topeka about two years later and found work at a   service. But persistent money problems forced him to rely on his mother and grandmother. “The day he died, he called me in the late afternoon,” Ms. Bergquist said. “He was extremely upset because my mom had shut off his cellphone and he had a car payment to make. ” He’d screamed at her. A few hours later, she said Joshua drove slowly by her house but didn’t stop. It was the last time she saw him alive. Hours later, Timothy and Joshua met for the first time through a mutual friend. The two seemed to hit it off. “He didn’t come off as a person I couldn’t get along with. I was easy to get along with,” Timothy said. “I rode around with Josh in his car. ” But as the night of April 23, 2007, wore on, their easy conversation deteriorated into bickering, and the two argued loudly while drinking at a bar. “He said something about one of my friends, so I said something about one of his friends,” said Timothy, who called someone to pick him up. “We were going out the door at the same time, still arguing. I actually opened his car door and then I walk off. I just told him to get in the car. That’s when me and his friend, we’re arguing now . .. All I see was him pull out a weapon . .. I thought he had a gun. ” He fired eight times, and a friend of Timothy’s fired twice more before they fled, the police said. Joshua was left in the parking lot with four gunshot wounds in the chest, one in the left hip, two in the buttocks and three in the left hand. “My   was it was better him than me,” Timothy said. “I didn’t believe in fighting. I just pulled out my gun. I actually ran up to him when I shot him. I don’t blame alcohol. I knew what I was doing. I just saw something in his hand. ” Joshua was unarmed, police said Timothy’s accomplice was never arrested. During pretrial hearings, Timothy would see Ms. Bergquist in the courtroom, and at one court appearance, he taunted her. “I actually took her son’s photo, and held it up and turned around, and that’s when I laughed at her,” he said. Ms. Bergquist, suffering from memory loss and insomnia, panicked every time she saw a tall   man  —   the loose description of Timothy’s accomplice. “If I saw anybody with that vague description, I would just lose it,” she said. Finally, wanting to avoid a trial, Ms. Bergquist agreed to a plea deal in which Timothy would receive about 20 years. Timothy was impassive: “I didn’t care about life. ” “I knew that Timothy held the answers that I needed. I needed reassurance from Timothy that the other person was never going to bother me,” said Ms. Bergquist. “I needed to feel safe. At the same time, I needed to know if Timothy was working to change his life. I didn’t want this to happen to anyone else. ” The first step toward a meeting came after a prison official showed Timothy an article that Ms. Bergquist had written about Joshua. Ms. Bergquist also contacted Holly Chavez, the restorative justice coordinator at the Kansas Department of Corrections, and asked whether a    meeting would be possible. Timothy was also growing more introspective. He was reading the Bible as well as a book that included a passage that seemed written for him: “If you always do what you always did, you always get what you always got. ” The solitude of prison forced him to try to figure out who he was. “I had a lot of time,” he said. “You got to deal with a lot of stuff on your own. It made me go back and look at the things in my life. I became Christian. I understood forgiveness  —   that I took a life that I can never give back. ” What follows is a discussion of the reactions of Timothy and Ms. Bergquist as they worked with Ms. Chavez toward a    encounter. The excerpts, which are from separate interviews that took place after the meeting, capture the thinking of those involved. Judi Bergquist, the victim’s mother Holly Chavez, the program coordinator The pivotal moment came when Ms. Bergquist acknowledged that she knew her son was flawed. Timothy, who killed Joshua Ms. Chavez Ms. Bergquist Timothy Ms. Bergquist Timothy Ms. Bergquist Timothy Ms. Bergquist Timothy Ms. Bergquist In April 2016, the two met again  —   this time at a victims’ awareness event at the prison in front of inmates. “She called me her friend,” Timothy said. “A woman forgiving her son’s killer and calling him her friend. And at the end, she got up and gave me a hug. You just don’t see that too often. ” (In this related article, Zachary Harrison struggles to understand why the parents of the man he killed want to meet him.) ",0
13182,"FBI Found ""Tens Of Thousands Of Emails"" Belonging To Huma Abedin On Weiner's Laptop","FBI Found ""Tens Of Thousands Of Emails"" Belonging To Huma Abedin On Weiner's Laptop   Zero Hedge 
With furious Democrats - and the Clinton Campaign - now openly blasting the FBI's reopened investigation (as Republicans take delight for once in having a government agency reinforce their side of events), the question turns to just what emails were found on Weiner's laptop, and how damaging their contents are for the FBI to take the unprecedented step of ""intervening"" in a major political event just days before the national election. 
We first laid what was the most likely explanation yesterday , when we showed several examples of Huma Abedin emails being sent from her work email account to her personal account at , courtesy of a Judicial Watch FOIA release. Of the more than 160 emails in the latest Judicial Watch release, some 110 emails – two-thirds of the total – were forwarded by Abedin to two personal addresses she controlled. The Washington Times reported in August 2015 that the State Department had admitted to a federal judge that Abedin and Mills used personal email accounts to conduct government business in addition to Clinton’s private clintonemail.com to transact State Department business. 
One email from May 15, 2009, was sent by Abedin from her State Department email to her personal email. Abedin was archiving in her personal email account an email Hillary Clinton sent her from Clinton’s private email server at . Abedin was asked to print out attachments to an email Mills sent via a private address the previous day to Clinton involving “timetables and deliverables” for her review via Alec Ross, a technology policy expert who then held the title of senior adviser for innovation to Secretary Clinton. 
However, while forwarding Hillary's emails to her personal email server for ""convenience"" is one thing, what is more troubling is the amount of redaction involved in these emails which migrated to the open email account, which as we now know ended up in Anthony Weiner's computer: in the above example, the two pages of timetables and deliverables attached to the email were 100 percent redacted, with “PAGE DENIED” stamped across the first redacted page. 
An argument can be made that the extensive redaction confirms confidential material was part of the transmission. 
This is a nuanced point being pushed by Hillary Clinton supporters such as Newsweek's Kurt Eichenwald, who in an article yesterday tried to make a case citing ""sources"" (even though the FBI said that nobody has seen the content of the Weiner/Abedin emails), that "" no emails being examined by FBI were to or from Clinton ."" No emails being examined by FBI were to or from Clinton. All of this has to do with procedures followed by an aide. https://t.co/mcsBi7j7XU 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 
It remains to be seen just what is in the emails, although whether Hillary sent emails with confidential content herself, or directed, or simply allowed her closest aide, Huma Abedin to forward such emails to her outside unsecured email address (where they subsequently ended up on Anthony Weiner's notebook), is what this latest case will be all about and how it will be defended and prosecuted in the media, by the water coolers and perhaps, in court. 
However, we do know one thing: according to the NYT , the number of Huma emails that made their way to Weiner's PC was staggering: 
The F.B.I. is investigating illicit text messages that Mr. Weiner, a former Democratic congressman from New York, sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. The bureau told Congress on Friday that it had uncovered new emails related to the Clinton case — one federal official said they numbered in the tens of thousand 
Which brings up two more critical questions: i) when she was questioned by the FBI over the summer, did Huma reveal and admit the existence of these ""thousands"" of emails located on a personal, home computer, and ii) will the FBI be able to comb through everything in the next 10 days ahead of the election? If the answer to the second question is no, will the US presidential election really take place with one candidate currently under FBI investigation, one which could potentially lead to impeachment proceedings within weeks or days of her being elected president? 
Still, the biggest irony in this latest debacle is that it was largely predicted by Donald Trump himself back in August of 2015. It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world. 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 3, 2015 Share This Article...",0
13183,A Play Timed to Trump’s Candidacy Asks What If - The New York Times,"BERKELEY, Calif.  —   A vain politician runs for the presidency, short on specifics but long on bluster, inveighing against a religious minority and promising to make America prosperous again. Sound familiar? It did to the leaders of Berkeley Repertory Theater, who, casting about for a show to coincide with the fall presidential campaign, hit upon an idea: They would write a new adaptation of Sinclair Lewis’s 1935 novel imagining the election of an American demagogue: “It Can’t Happen Here. ” The play, which began previews on Friday, is among scores of efforts by theaters across the United States to provoke discussion and reflection about this year’s unusual election, and the unease that it has exposed. Some, like Berkeley Rep, explicitly aim to prompt discussion about Donald J. Trump, whose candidacy has alarmed many in the   theater world others have opted to stage works in which characters grapple with issues debated during the campaign, like immigration or economic inequality. “Art shouldn’t fall into any kind of simplistic, didactic haranguing, and topicality is a dangerous thing, because you always get outstripped by reality,” said Tony Taccone, the longtime artistic director of Berkeley Rep, and a   with Bennett S. Cohen, of the new adaptation. However, he said, “With the election looming, it felt incumbent on us to respond if we could. ” On a recent afternoon, the cast and crew of “It Can’t Happen Here” gathered at Berkeley Rep’s administrative campus in a   warehouse once occupied by the North Face, to run through the play one last time before moving into a downtown Berkeley theater. The designers had embraced the    feel of a campaign: The set featured flags and drums and images of national parks, and the sound design included a Sousa march. Fourteen actors played nearly 50 roles, and practiced egging on the audience to cheer and jeer with the onstage pageantry. The theater printed     lapel stickers bearing the play’s name for patrons, meant to echo the ubiquitous “I Voted” stickers leaders considered, but decided against, holding a series of related discussion programs, thinking that the culture is already saturated with election talk. The play is scheduled to close Nov. 6, two days before the election. Around the country, theaters are acknowledging the election in various ways. On Broadway, “Kinky Boots” has created a video and website to promote voter registration, while “Hamilton” cast members are planning to register voters outside their theater on Wednesday and Saturday Off Broadway, “Avenue Q” has added Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump puppets to its company. Some theaters are staging Mike Daisey’s comedic monologue “The Trump Card,” while many others have brought back plays about political figures, from Frank Rizzo in Philadelphia to Lyndon Baines Johnson in Cleveland and Costa Mesa, Calif. In Washington, five prominent theaters are holding a series of free Monday night readings of politically themed plays, including “Ivanka: A Medea for Right Now,” a fictional work about Mr. Trump’s daughter by the playwright Joshua Harmon. Berkeley Rep hit upon “It Can’t Happen Here” about eight months ago, when an unexpected hole opened in its fall season. Lisa Peterson, who had signed on to direct a show for Berkeley Rep, Googled the phrase “it can’t happen here” and stumbled across the Sinclair Lewis novel, which she was not familiar with Mr. Taccone had read the book in high school and thought it would work. The novel is about a Vermont newspaper editor, Doremus Jessup, who opposes a demagogic presidential candidate, Berzelius Windrip it is a satirical and melodramatic cautionary tale, in which Mr. Windrip wins the election, imposes martial law and seizes control of newspapers his regime arrests and even kills his critics. Lewis, who had already won the Nobel Prize for literature, wrote the novel against an ominous backdrop: Hitler and Mussolini were in power in Germany and Italy, and Huey Long, a senator and former governor who wielded unusual power in Louisiana, was preparing to run for the American presidency. There are some striking similarities between the campaign pitches by the fictional Mr. Windrip and the real Mr. Trump  —   both men were even nominated for the presidency in Cleveland. But there are significant differences: Windrip, among other things, is a Democrat (in the novel, the Republican nominee winds up fleeing to Canada to plot a rebellion) and prone to warnings against Jews Mr. Trump, of course, is a Republican who has focused his concern on Muslims. In their new adaptation, Mr. Taccone and Mr. Cohen have sharpened the echoes. They wrote the campaign remarks by Windrip after watching stump speeches by Mr. Trump they have one of their characters comment on the role of the news media (“The more offensive his remarks, the more papers get sold”) and, in a dig at Hillary Clinton’s reference to some Trump supporters as belonging to a “basket of deplorables,” a character explaining Windrip’s popularity says, “It’s not because they’re all stupid and prejudiced and deplorable. ” The novel was first adapted into a play and presented around the country in the late 1930s by the Federal Theater Project  —   Lewis himself appeared in one production, in Cohasset, Mass. as the journalist Jessup. But Berkeley Rep deemed that adaptation unrevivable (“it’s ghastly,” said Susan Medak, its managing director) so Mr. Taccone and Mr. Cohen, with the blessing of the Lewis estate, set about writing a new one in unusually short time. “What we saw as the risk was that Trump would not make it through the primaries, and the piece would feel irrelevant,” Ms. Medak said. “But even if the elections ended up not being about Trump  —   and obviously we hoped they wouldn’t be  —   there was something about this that felt as though it was speaking to what the American public was concerned about, regardless of who the candidate was. ” Noting that the 1930s adaptation by Lewis and J. C. Moffitt was presented by multiple theaters around the country, Berkeley Rep this month invited theaters, universities and libraries across the country to hold readings of the play 30 organizations signed up in the first week. “It’s an outrageous story,” said Tom Nelis, the actor (last seen on Broadway in “The Visit”) portraying the journalist Jessup in Berkeley. “But you can’t watch it and not think it’s plausible. ” Had enough of CNN? Ready for politics with a dose of stage drama? Berkeley Rep’s new adaptation of “It Can’t Happen Here” is just one example of how theaters around the country have prepared programming to reflect the American presidential campaign. Some are mounting familiar works, from “Coriolanus” to “All the Way,” thinking that their themes will resonate especially strongly this fall others are focusing on new shows. Here are some examples: 45 PLAYS FOR 45 PRESIDENTS At the Merrimack Repertory Theatre in Lowell, Mass. An evening of   plays, one for every president, followed by an audience vote on whether it would like to see another two minutes about Donald J. Trump or about Hillary Clinton. Through Sunday. IT CAN’T HAPPEN HERE A new adaptation, by Tony Taccone and Bennett S. Cohen, of the 1935 novel by Sinclair Lewis, at Berkeley Repertory Theater. Through Nov. 6. LET TRUMP BE TRUMP A comedy by John Krizel at the Davenport Theater in Manhattan. Oct. 11 to 13. THEATRICAL SELECTIONS Five   play readings, at Arena Stage, the Kennedy Center, Shakespeare Theater Company, Signature Theater and Studio Theater in Washington. Oct. 3 through Nov. 7. THE TRUMP CARD A monologue written by Mike Daisey is being performed at theaters around the country. Among them are the Broad Stage in Santa Monica, Calif. (on Thursday) and the La Jolla Playhouse in San Diego (through Sunday). VICUÑA A new satirical play by Jon Robin Baitz at Center Theater Group in Los Angeles about a tailor whose clients include a real estate tycoon and star of reality television who becomes a nominee for president. Oct. 23 through Nov. 20. SCENES FROM COURT LIFE, OR THE WHIPPING BOY AND HIS PRINCE, A new play by Sarah Ruhl explores parallels between the Stuarts of Britain and the Bush family. Yale Repertory Theater, Friday through Oct. 22. THE TRIAL OF AN AMERICAN PRESIDENT A jury made up of audience members “tries” George W. Bush at the Lion Theater in Manhattan. Through Oct. 15. WINTER WHEAT This play at the Barter Theater in Abingdon, Va. explores the passage of the 19th Amendment giving women the right to vote. Oct. 6 through Nov. 12. DOOMOCRACY A Creative Time installation by Pedro Reyes at the Brooklyn Army Terminal pegged to Halloween and the presidential election. Oct. 7 through Nov. 6. THE REAL AMERICANS A solo show at the Marsh in San Francisco in which Dan Hoyle recounts his interviews with residents of   America. ThroughOct. 15. VOTE OR DIE LAUGHING An evening of “postmodern political vaudeville” from Culture Clash at the Valley Performing Arts Center in Northridge, Calif. explores the intersection of Election Day and the Day of the Dead. Nov. 1.    Presented on election night at the Baltimore Museum of Art by Center Stage. Playwrights will take prompts from attendees and generate short plays about the election. Nov. 8. AN ELECTION NIGHT HOOTENANNY at Joe’s Pub in Manhattan will feature Michael Friedman performing songs based on voter interviews. Nov. 8.",0
13184,Princeton Is Latest Ivy League School to Suspend Team Over Vulgar Materials - The New York Times,"Princeton University suspended the season of its men’s swimming and diving team after the discovery of material on its electronic mailing list that was “vulgar and offensive as well as misogynistic and racist,” the university said Thursday. A final decision whether to cancel the season will be made in the next few days, John D. Cramer, a university spokesman, said in an interview. The suspension came after an anonymous complaint made this week alerted officials to “several materials” that were offensive, including in electronic correspondence, the university said in a statement. Mr. Cramer would not discuss specifics of the other materials, including their content or when they were created, but confirmed that the comments were made about members of the women’s swimming and diving team. The suspension was the third of an Ivy League team since the start of November. Last month, Columbia and Harvard each suspended the season of a team after allegations of lewd behavior surfaced. Harvard canceled the rest of the season for its men’s soccer team after officials uncovered what they described as a widespread practice of players rating the school’s female players in sexually explicit terms. The Columbia wrestling team’s season was suspended while officials said they were investigating text messages sent by players that included the frequent use of racist, misogynistic and homophobic terms. At Princeton, the swimming and diving team, which has 38 members, was scheduled to compete on Jan. 7 against Navy and on Feb. 5 against Harvard and Yale. The Ivy League Championships will be Feb.  . “The behavior that we have learned about is simply unacceptable,” Mollie Marcoux Samaan, Princeton’s director of athletics, said in a statement. “It is antithetical to the values of our athletic program and of the university and will not be tolerated. ” The team was notified about the suspension on Thursday afternoon, Mr. Cramer said. “I am deeply disappointed by the behavior of the men’s swim team,” Christopher L. Eisgruber, the university’s president, said in a statement. “I have asked the athletic department to redouble its efforts to ensure that our teams conduct themselves with the character and ethics that we expect from students representing Princeton University in athletic competition. ”",0
13185,"European Union, Donald Trump, Bernie Sanders: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Markets shook, the pound and euro dropped, and European leaders called emergency meetings after Britons unnerved the Continent by voting to leave the European Union. Exactly how the “Brexit” will unfold is unclear, but Prime Minister David Cameron said he was not the man to lead the country through it and will step down. Here’s a short rundown of the basics. _____ 2. Young people had made up one of the strongest blocs against leaving. “Truly gutted that our grandparents have effectively decided that they hate foreigners more than they love us and our futures,” one tweeted. Some Britons appeared confused about what they had done. Google reported a spike in searches for “What happens if we leave the E. U.?” as well as “What is the E. U.?”  Thousands of readers posted comments. One wrote: “I’m British, but I’m not sure what that means anymore. ” _____ 3. President Obama said Britain’s “special relationship” with the U. S. would endure. Donald Trump, whose political base voices the same kind of populist anger heard in Britain, forecast benefits to British business. He included his own Scottish golf resort, which he happened to be visiting. “When the pound goes down, more people are coming to Turnberry, frankly,” he said. _____ 4. Bernie Sanders commands a fearsome digital army, adept in social media, that captured more than $200 million in donations. Now he appears to be ready to drop his candidacy and shift his focus. “I’m going to do everything I can do to defeat Donald Trump,” he told MSNBC’s “Morning Joe”  —   including vote for Hillary Clinton. _____ 5. Our movie reviewers have this to say about the this weekend’s big openings: “Independence Day: Resurgence” is a good bet only for those with an overwhelming love of    . “Swiss Army Man,” with Daniel Radcliffe as a corpse who makes Paul Dano’s life worth living, is “weird and wonderful, disgusting and demented. ” And “Free State of Jones” reconstructs a fascinating bit of Civil War history, with Matthew McConaughey leading a guerrilla army of white deserters and escaped slaves against the Confederacy. _____ 6. Mementos of Whitey Bulger’s gruesome career as a Boston mobster went up for auction, five years after he was convicted of 11 murder charges. There was his prized replica of a 1986 Stanley Cup championship ring and a   cup that he used as a pencil holder. The ring marked “1103” above is a sterling silver “Psycho Killer Skull” that he left in a London safe deposit box, along with $50, 000 cash, during his early years as a fugitive. _____ 7. More distress for the deeply troubled Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. The Brazilian laboratory set to handle drug testing was suspended for “nonconformity” with international standards. The lab can appeal, but for the moment, the World   Agency said it would send samples outside Brazil for testing. _____ 8. The swimmer Michael Phelps, now 30 and the most decorated athlete in Olympic history, is aiming for five Olympic berths in trials that begin Sunday. One of our   stories today traces his fall and his resurrection, starting at a treatment center in Arizona. His coach said: “He hid everything that makes him human for 12 years. The rehab is what opened him up. ” _____ 9. West Virginia deployed hundreds of National Guard members and struggled to restore power to thousands of people after storms pounded the state with as much as nine inches of rain over eight hours. At least 14 people were killed in what the National Weather Service called a “     event. ” _____ 10. Finally, as schools start their summer breaks, classroom animals are heading out too. Our reporter followed an exodus of gerbils, mice, corn snakes, turtles, rabbits, guinea pigs, geckos, and frogs  —   not to mention Lucy the chinchilla, above  —   in New York City alone. “You learn new things here,” one girl said of her teacher’s vanishing menagerie. “Like, you have to put vitamins on the mouse before you feed it to the snake. ” Have a great weekend! _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
13186,Black Mob Viciously Beats White Trump Voter,"
Shocking video out of Chicago shows a mob of young black men viciously beating an older white man because he voted for Donald Trump, dragging him through the streets as he hangs out of the back of his car.
The clip shows the thugs repeatedly screaming, “you voted Donald Trump” as they assault the victim from every angle while others steal his belongings.
“You voted Trump,” the mob screams, “You gonna pay for that sh*t.”
Another woman shouts “beat his ass,” while another man is heard laughing before remarking, “Don’t vote Trump.”
A second video of the incident which is dubbed with the “F**k Donald Trump” song, a phrase now being chanted by “protesters” across the country, shows one of the attackers driving away in the man’s vehicle while his hand is still stuck in the window as the car drags him down the street.
“The scene is frankly reminiscent of a lynching,” remarks Chris Menahan .
It is not even clear if the victim was a Trump supporter. Presumably, the mob used that as an excuse to beat and rob him.
YouTube quickly deleted the video, but it has been mirrored on numerous different websites.
If the roles had been reversed, and Trump supporters had been caught on tape viciously beating a black Hillary voter, this would be a national news story right now.
This is simply unacceptable 
As it is, you won’t see this on CNN any time soon. Perhaps blacks should also be deported to Africa… they never seem to be satisfied, no one ever seems to make them happy. They even rioted and protested during Obama, with one of their own as president. Black Lives Matter was formed during Obama.
Besides maybe us whites are bad with them and misbehave with them, sometimes willingly and purposefully while other times by mistake. So it would be best if we separate so that we don’t have these ancient conflicts anymore. This man who was beaten so badly never did anything wrong to these people, neither willingly nor unwillingly but these conflicts still happen because we are not compatible with each other.
After all first Republican president Abraham Lincoln believed in separation , he freed them from slavery but he also said:
I will say then that I am not, nor ever have been in favor of bringing about in anyway the social and political equality of the white and black races – that I am not nor ever have been in favor of making voters or jurors of negroes, nor of qualifying them to hold office, nor to intermarry with white people; and I will say in addition to this that there is a physical difference between the white and black races which I believe will forever forbid the two races living together on terms of social and political equality. And inasmuch as they cannot so live, while they do remain together there must be the position of superior and inferior, and I as much as any other man am in favor of having the superior position assigned to the white race. I say upon this occasion I do not perceive that because the white man is to have the superior position the negro should be denied everything.
Now we do disagree with Lincoln’s idea of superior-inferior relationship. It would however be best to separate though. It just doesn’t work. Despite having almost 2 centuries now since the Emancipation Proclamation, conflicts still run rampant and no real friendship has ever been established. They should be resettled perhaps to Liberia, a plan supported by Abraham Lincoln and be helped financially with billions or even trillions of dollars until they can start their own economy and industry. They do deserve that. Anyone intermarried with them should be free to either stay in the US and divorce or simply go along with their families.
Source 
",0
13187,"Comment on Modern Art degeneracy: Pablo Picasso, a communist, used feces as paint by traildustfotm","Posted on November 3, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 5 Comments 
Leftists have a fondness for feces. 
In 1996, Chris Ofili used elephant dung in his painting “The Holy Virgin Mary”. (See “ NYT refuses Muhammad cartoon but publishes offensive painting of Virgin Mary in elephant dung “) 
The celebrated Spanish artist, Pablo Picasso, was sneakier in his use of feces. 
Richard Johnson reports for Page Six , Oct. 30, 2016, that a new book by Thomas Girst and Magnus Resch, 100 Secrets of the Art World , reveals that Picasso painted with feces. 
Divulging “a family secret,” Diana Widmaier Picasso told the book’s authors that her grandfather, Pablo Picasso, had used the feces of his then-3-year-old daughter Maya (Diana’s mother) to paint an apple in a 1938 still life. 
Diana said, “According to him, excrement from an infant breast-fed by its mother had a unique texture and ocher color. The revulsion that this material might provoke is instead transformed into amazement as we grasp the full imagination of the artist.” Blah, blah, blah. 
Pablo Picasso was a communist and an atheist. 
From Wikipedia : 
In 1944 Picasso joined the French Communist Party, attended an international peace conference in Poland, and in 1950 received the Stalin Peace Prize from the Soviet government. But party criticism of a portrait of Stalin as insufficiently realistic cooled Picasso’s interest in Soviet politics, though he remained a loyal member of the Communist Party until his death. In a 1945 interview with Jerome Seckler, Picasso stated: “I am a Communist and my painting is Communist painting….” 
In 1940, the French government refused Picasso’s application for French citizenship on the grounds of his “extremist ideas evolving towards communism”. This information was not revealed until 2003. 
See also:",0
13188,F.B.I. Interviews Hillary Clinton Over Private Email Server - The New York Times,"The F. B. I. interviewed Hillary Clinton on Saturday morning for its investigation into whether she or her aides broke the law by corresponding through a private email server set up for her use as secretary of state, a controversy that has dogged her presidential campaign and provided fodder for her political rivals. The voluntary interview, which took place over three and a half hours at the F. B. I. headquarters in Washington, largely focused on the Justice Department’s central question: Did the actions of Mrs. Clinton or her staff rise to the level of criminal mishandling of classified information? It could take weeks or longer to reach a decision, but news that Mrs. Clinton, the Democratic Party’s presumptive nominee, had been questioned in the J. Edgar Hoover Building three weeks before her party’s convention quickly reverberated. The Republican National Committee called the step “unprecedented,” while Mrs. Clinton’s expected opponent in the race for the White House, Donald J. Trump, wasted little time before weighing in. “It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton,” Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter on Saturday. “What she did was wrong!” The interview had been weeks in the making as law enforcement officials and Mrs. Clinton’s team coordinated schedules. Democrats also hoped that holding the interview on a holiday weekend might ease the anticipated storm. In a telephone interview with Chuck Todd on MSNBC after her meeting, Mrs. Clinton said, “I’ve been eager to do it, and I was pleased to have the opportunity to assist the department in bringing its review to a conclusion. ” Accompanying Mrs. Clinton into the meeting were her lawyer David E. Kendall Cheryl D. Mills and Heather Samuelson, longtime aides who are also lawyers and two lawyers from Mr. Kendall’s firm, Williams  Connolly, Katherine Turner and Amy Saharia. Eight officials from the F. B. I. and the Department of Justice conducted the interview, according to a person who was familiar with the substance of the session but declined to be named because the meeting was private. This person characterized the meeting as “civil” and “businesslike. ” Neither the campaign nor the F. B. I. would elaborate. Although the interview on Saturday was an important step toward closure on the email issue, technical analysis of the material remains to be done and could stretch on for an indeterminate period. The F. B. I. regularly interviews key figures before concluding an investigation, and such meetings are not an indication that it thinks the person broke the law. While defense lawyers often advise clients against such interviews, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign has been eager for her to cooperate, lest she give her opponents additional ammunition. On Saturday, in a statement after the meeting, the Republican National Committee said that Mrs. Clinton “has just taken the unprecedented step of becoming the first major party presidential candidate to be interviewed by the F. B. I. as part of a criminal investigation surrounding her reckless conduct. ” Mrs. Clinton has struggled to get beyond the issue, which came to light last year during a   congressional investigation into the aftermath of the Sept. 11, 2012, terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya. More than 30, 000 emails have since been made public. After spending much of last summer arguing she did not need to apologize for keeping a private server in her home in Chappaqua, N. Y. because the practice was allowed, Mrs. Clinton now frequently apologizes for the practice, saying it had been a mistake. The campaign has prioritized assisting the F. B. I. but it declined to cooperate with a State Department inspector general’s audit of Mrs. Clinton’s email practices. Those findings, delivered to members of Congress in May, undermined some of Mrs. Clinton’s initial statements defending her use of the server. The report said there was “no evidence” that she had requested or received approval for the server, despite having “an obligation to discuss using her personal email account to conduct official business. ” Federal law deems it a crime to “knowingly” mishandle classified information outside secure government channels or to permit the practice through “gross negligence. ” None of the emails on Mrs. Clinton’s private server were marked classified at the time they were sent or received, but the Central Intelligence Agency later determined that some contained material that would be considered “top secret. ” Asked Saturday on MSNBC if she had broken the law, Mrs. Clinton repeated her defense: “I never received nor sent any material that was marked classified. ” There has been no indication that sensitive information was compromised by Mrs. Clinton’s use of a private server. But it has fed a perception that she was trying to hide information, chipping away at data gauging her trustworthiness. A Quinnipiac University poll released on Wednesday found that voters deemed Mr. Trump more honest and trustworthy than Mrs. Clinton, 45 percent to 37 percent. “I have said that I’m going to continue to put forth my record, what I have stood for, do everything I can to earn the trust of the voters of our country,” she told MSNBC when asked about being seen as less trustworthy than Mr. Trump. “I know that’s something that I’m going to keep working on, and I think that’s, you know, a clear priority for me. ” Mrs. Clinton had no public events scheduled on Saturday, but after her F. B. I. interview she and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, went to New York and saw the Broadway show “Hamilton. ” Mrs. Clinton’s meeting with the F. B. I. came amid controversy over a brief, unplanned meeting between Mr. Clinton and Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch while both were at the Phoenix airport at the same time last week. To avoid any appearance of political meddling, Ms. Lynch said on Friday that she would accept the recommendations of career prosecutors and the F. B. I. director on whether to bring charges in the matter. She said she had made that decision several months ago, before the criticism surrounding her meeting with Mr. Clinton. She described the meeting with Mr. Clinton as a casual conversation that did not touch on the investigation. But it added to Clinton campaign staff members’ headaches over the email inquiry, which they had hoped to put behind them before the Democratic convention this month. “I certainly wouldn’t do it again,” Ms. Lynch said of the meeting with the  .",0
13189,MRC: 3 Networks Covered Sessions 7x More Than Eric Holder Being Held in Contempt of Congress - Breitbart,"Television networks ABC, CBS, and NBC have afforded nearly seven times more air time on  . Jeff Sessions meeting with a Russian ambassador than was spent when Obama’s Attorney General Eric Holder was held in contempt of Congress for withholding documents related to a House investigation, according to a newly released Media Research Center study. [These three mainstream media outlets devoted a combined 1 hour and 12 minutes over less than two days to the now former Senator Sessions’ two interactions with the Russian Ambassador. That coverage time was tabulated from just one set of evening and two sets of morning shows. During Senate confirmation hearings for his current position of U. S. Attorney General, Sessions responded to Sen. Al Franken’s questions about Trump campaign surrogates meeting with Russian officials by saying that as he was at times considered a surrogate for the campaign and did not meet with Russian officials.  MRC compared the Sessions’ coverage with coverage by these three networks of former Attorney General Holder on the day he became the first Cabinet member to be held in contempt of Congress. Holder had refused to provide documents for the House investigation into the Obama Administration Fast and Furious gun running scandal. As a result, Holder was held in contempt on June 28, 2012. The grand total of combined airtime between the three networks on Holder being held in contempt of Congress garnered just 10 minutes and 38 seconds, according to MRC’s calculation. The morning of the vote to hold Holder in contempt, the three morning shows carried a combined 91 seconds of the story. That evening varied little, as only NBC carried the full story, but for only 2 minutes and 8 seconds. ABC and CBS carried just 35 seconds and 30 seconds, respectively, according to the MRC. The following morning, NBC was again the only network of the three to carry a full report at just 2 minutes, 50 seconds as well as short mentions of the story. ABC and CBS again carried merely short mentions of it. CBS led the pack on coverage of Sessions with 28 minutes and 42 seconds over the day and a half according to the MRC. NBC followed with 25 minutes and 12 seconds, while ABC spent 18 minutes and 39 seconds on the story. When compared, the three networks covered then Sen. Sessions meeting the Russian ambassador approximately 6. 8 times as much as they covered the unprecedented news that a Cabinet member, Holder, was held in contempt of Congress. Since the Sessions story broke, many Democrats have lodged weighty condemnation of Sessions’ meeting with the ambassador. Sessions contends that the meetings at the time were in his capacity as a Senator. Some of those Democrats, such as Rep. Nancy Pelosi and Sen. Chuck Schumer, have since been challenged for meeting with Russian officials as well. What’s more, new details have surfaced that it was the Obama Administration State Department that sponsored a July 2016 event where Sessions met the Russian ambassador for the second time that year. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana ",0
13190,"Shouts of ‘Not my president!’ in California, following Trump victory","Shouts of ‘Not my president!’ in California, following Trump victory 11/09/2016 
PBS 
Moments after Donald Trump’s stunning victory over Hillary Clinton for the White House, protests erupted in California and other states, including people crying “Not my president!” 
The Los Angeles Times and other media outlets reported anti-Trump protesters amassing around the campuses of the University of California, Santa Barbara, and UC San Diego, among others. 
In Oakland, the overnight protests led to a partial closure of the Bay Area Rapid Transit, or BART, the Times reported. 
Photos and videos on social media captured the protesters marching and yelling “Who’s got the power? We got the power,” “Not my president!” and other anti-Trump chants filled with expletives . 
UCSB student newspaper the Daily Nexus reported that hundreds of students left their dorms to protest. In the video captured by the paper below, one student is seen carrying a Mexican flag. 
Likewise, hundreds of students at UC San Diego and UCLA demonstrated on campus early Wednesday morning. There also were reports of protests at UC Santa Cruz and UC Irvine. Officials said there were as many as 3,000 students that marched through the UCLA campus, ABC reported . 
Elsewhere in the country, protests were reported in Portland, Oregon and Washington, D.C. 
In Oakland, authorities said dozens of protesters gathered downtown, while hundreds blocked a local highway. 
The San Francisco Chronicle also reported that a 20-year-old protester was severely injured after being hit by a car on Highway 20. Protesters had blocked the highway and lit several fires, officer John O’Reilly told BuzzFeed News .",0
13191,Messaging With Mondale: Real-Time Reactions From an Ex-Vice President - The New York Times,"Joining us live during tonight’s debate was Walter F. Mondale, the 42nd vice president of the United States: Mr. Mondale chatted with us via emails sent from his home in Minneapolis, sharing his thoughts. (Check out how we covered the debate in real time:  analysis, highlights and fact checks.) Mr. Mondale, a Democrat, is credited with reshaping the vice presidency under President Jimmy Carter: Where past running mates were routinely relegated to obscurity, Mr. Mondale became an influential partner in government. A supporter of Hillary Clinton, Mr. Mondale agreed to size up Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia and Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana and weigh in on the role of the vice presidency. (We also invited former Vice President Dick Cheney to join us, but a spokesman said he was unavailable.) ____ ALEXANDER BURNS, 9:05 P. M. Eastern: Mr. Mondale began by laying out the major questions of the night, as he sees them. WALTER MONDALE, 9:05: I hope you will open up the issue of what kind of vice presidency they are planning. Do they have an understanding about what they will do? What authority will he have? Do they have a clear understanding with their principal, or is it up in the air? I’m doubtful that Pence has an understanding. This is very important. VPs can get lost. ____ BURNS, 9:06: What do you see as the major goals of a   candidate in this setting? MONDALE, 9:06: One of the first and central issues is what will the VP do when he disagrees with the pres. candidate. Big, silent question. ____ BURNS, 9:10: Is there a “right” answer to that question? Did you have an explicit understanding with Carter? MONDALE, 9:10: No, only degrees of discomfort. I told Carter that I would not disclose deep differences unless I told Carter. Did he believe me? ____ BURNS, 9:26: These were supposed to be the   candidates! Are you surprised to see them going at each other so aggressively like this? MONDALE, 9:26: Yes, I hope this can let up a little bit. ____ BURNS, 9:36: Are you hearing anything significant from these two about how they would approach the vice presidency? Is there anything we can take away from their attitudes in the debate so far? MONDALE, 9:36: I’d try to break in on what their plans are for their vice presidency and whether they have an understanding with their principal. ____ BURNS, 9:38: To follow up: It seems like Mike Pence isn’t showing any daylight with Donald Trump. Does that tell you anything about his approach to the role? He didn’t even give ground on taxes. MONDALE, 9:38: It says he is locked in with Trump. This would be a good night to spell out differences. He’s not doing it. ____ MONDALE, 9:49: Pence is filibustering, paying no attention to fairness in time allocation. I wish Kaine would hit Pence far harder for his behavior. ____ BURNS, 9:59: I remember in your debate with Bob Dole, he was seen as too mean because of his comment about “Democrat wars. ” Does it ever amaze you that the tone of politics has gotten to this point? MONDALE, 9:59: Yes it does. ____ BURNS, 10:07: It kind of feels like we’re watching a debate between two pundits. What do you think voters need to know about a vice president, on a personal level, before that person comes into office? MONDALE, 10:07: What is the understanding, if any, about how the VP would serve the president? Do they have an agreement? Can the public be told? MONDALE, 10:07: I agree. We are not having the discussion that voters deserve. ____ BURNS, 10:15: It seems like we are getting a little more substance on foreign policy. Do you see Kaine as someone who can really advise Clinton in that area? He’s mostly talking about her record so far, not his own credentials. MONDALE, 10:15: I think the answer is yes. Kaine will be a big source of wisdom on policy and security issues. He’s on the Foreign Relations and Armed Services committees. ____ BURNS, 10:16: Seems like we just saw the first real difference between Trump and Pence. Pence called Putin a “small and bullying leader”  —   Trump has said the exact opposite. Can the president and vice president take two dramatically different views of a country like Russia? MONDALE, 10:16: I don’t get it. It must be explained and I don’t think he can. Pence is off on his own. ____ BURNS, 10:23: So how tired do you get up on that stage, this far into a debate? Is it exhausting, or do you just feel the adrenaline the whole time? MONDALE, 10:23: Adrenaline sustained me. I paid a price later. ____ BURNS, 10:25: What do you think of the way these two are talking about nuclear weapons? This was a major issue in your presidential campaign. It’s such an important subject, but we don’t talk about it nearly as much anymore. MONDALE, 10:25: Kaine won that debate. Pence had nothing to say about this issue. ____ BURNS, 10:45: You mentioned on the phone earlier that the question of faith in politics is important to you. Is this, at least, a place where we saw these two candidates as people? Did anything they said really stand out to you? MONDALE, 10:45: Yes. I thought that discussion was more positive. ____ BURNS, 10:48: That was a rough debate. Thank you so much for speaking with us. One last question: Did we learn anything we really needed to know? MONDALE, 10:48: Not much. MONDALE, 10:48: I’m astonished that not one question was asked about how they saw the elements of the vice presidency.",0
13192,"Wolf Richter: Layoffs at Alphabet Access to Hit 9%, Google Fiber to “Pause” Plans, CEO Leaves, as Alphabet Cracks Down on Costs","by Yves Smith 
By Wolf Richter, a San Francisco based executive, entrepreneur, start up specialist, and author, with extensive international work experience. Originally published at Wolf Street 
Five years ago, when Google announced that it would build a super-high-speed fiber-optic network in Kansas City, and then roll it out in other cities, it started an effort to own and control the data pipelines going into homes and businesses. 
Given how frustrated consumers are with their ISPs, it seems people couldn’t wait for Google Fiber, now operated by Alphabet’s Access. Google then spent a fortune building out the network in select cities around the country. This could have been huge . At a huge cost. 
“Amazing bet,” is what Craig Barratt, senior VP at Alphabet and CEO of Access, called Google Fiber in a blogpost yesterday. In the same breath, he also announced that they would “pause” the build-out of Google Fiber in cities where it had been planned, that there would be layoffs and reassignments, though he didn’t say how many, and that he’d “step aside” as CEO of Access. 
His replacement has not been announced. 
He’s the third CEO of an Alphabet division to part ways since June. He prefaced this whole debacle this way: 
And thanks to the hard work of everyone on the Access team, our business is solid: our subscriber base and revenue are growing quickly, and we expect that growth to continue. I am extremely proud of what we’ve built together in five short years. 
Google Fiber is one of two big entities in “Other Bets” of the Alphabet empire, whose CEO Larry Page and new-ish CFO Ruth Porat are trying to crack down on ballooning costs. 
The other big entity in “Other Bets” is Nest Labs, which makes internet-connected thermostats and the like. In a brilliant move, Google had acquired it in 2014 for a breath-taking $3.2 billion. But by now, this move has become very unbrilliant. 
In June, Tony Fadell, Nest co-founder and CEO, quit after internal disputes over this focus on spending. Some key Nest employees moved to Google’s new hardware division. And the entity is in turmoil. 
In August, Bill Maris, CEO of Google’s venture capital arm, GV, also left. 
Earlier this year, Alphabet got second thoughts about its ambitious robotics efforts and put Boston Dynamics up for sale. It had acquired the experimental robot maker in 2013 for $500 million. But tensions soon arose, and co-founder Andy Rubin bailed out in 2014. No deal yet. 
Then there was, infamously, Google Glass…. 
So Google Fiber is in good company. It will cease efforts to install a fiber network in 10 cities where it had been planned but not fully committed, according to Ars Technica . In addition, San Francisco was supposed to get Google fiber for sure, but that has now been cancelled too. 
The 11 cities where Google Fiber has been nixed: Chicago, Dallas, Jacksonville, Los Angeles, Oklahoma City, Phoenix, Portland, San Diego, San Francisco, San Jose, and Tampa. 
In “this handful of cities” and also “in certain related areas of our supporting operations, we’ll be reducing our employee base,” Barratt wrote. Hence the layoffs. 
Google Fiber has already been rolled out in Atlanta, Austin, Charlotte, Kansas City (Missouri and Kansas), Nashville, Provo (Utah), Salt Lake City, and The Triangle (North Carolina). And it’s still publicly committed to building the network – subject to change, I suppose – in Huntsville (Alabama), Irvine (California), San Antonio, and Louisville. 
In June, Google Fiber announced that it would acquire Webpass, a 13-year-old company that provides high-speed wireless internet in Boston, Chicago, Miami, San Diego, Oakland, and San Francisco. A wireless network is a lot cheaper to install in urban areas with multi-family housing than fiber-to-the-home. 
About 9% of the employees at Access will lose their jobs, though some people could be reassigned to entities of Alphabet, according to Ars Technica: 
The source did not say exactly how many employees that percentage represents. Access includes more than just Google Fiber, so the percentage of Google Fiber employees being laid off or reassigned is probably a little higher. 
Alphabet headcounts are hard to come by, but this Bloomberg report says Access has about 1,500 employees. The Information report indicates that Google Fiber had about 1,000 employees before the layoffs. If both of those numbers are accurate, then the percentage of Google Fiber employees being laid off or reassigned to other parts of Alphabet might be around 13.5 percent. 
Google Fiber apparently has not hit its subscriber goals, and fiber construction is a costly endeavor. While the company isn’t giving up on fiber entirely, it may be able to deploy Internet service at a lower cost using wireless technology. 
“It’s billions of dollars a year just to maintain this stuff, and Google doesn’t want to spend that kind of money on just being another player in that market,” Jan Dawson, an analyst with Jackdaw Research, told Bloomberg . 
“I think the new CFO put an end to the experiment that wasn’t really going anywhere,” Chetan Sharma, an independent wireless industry analyst, told Bloomberg . 
So serving up digital ads is still Alphabet’s main business, and flourishing. Controlling the high-speed pipeline to get these ads into homes and businesses, and grabbing whatever data can be grabbed by ISPs via deep-packet inspection and other methods still seems to be part of the plan, but now through cheaper and less glamorous wireless services and no longer through the holy grail of data pipelines, optical fiber. And so goes another huge dream to diversity away from advertising. 
Even the absolute master of marketing, Apple, is running into trouble with its latest product. Read… Smartwatch is Dead, Market Implodes, Apple Watch Shipments Collapse 0 0 0 0 0 0",0
13193,NYTIMES: Sessions’ and Bannon’s Department of Justification,"Emily Bazelon writes in the New York Times on the shared vision of White House chief strategist Steve Bannon and Attorney General Jeff Sessions in the proper   role of the Justice Department. [From the New York Times:  One night in September 2014, when he was chief executive of Breitbart News, Stephen Bannon hosted cocktails and dinner at the Washington townhouse where he lived, a mansion near the Supreme Court that he liked to call the Breitbart Embassy. Beneath elaborate chandeliers and flanked by gold drapes and stately oil paintings, Jeff Sessions, then a senator from Alabama, sat next to the guest of honor: Nigel Farage, the insurgent British politician, who first met Sessions two years earlier when Bannon introduced them. Farage was building support for his   party by complaining in the British press about “uncontrolled mass immigration. ” Sessions, like other attendees, was celebrating the recent collapse in Congress of bipartisan immigration reform, which would have provided a path to citizenship for some undocumented people. At the dinner, Sessions told a writer for Vice, Reid Cherlin, that Bannon’s site was instrumental in defeating the measure. Sessions read Breitbart almost every day, he explained, because it was “putting out   information. ” Bannon’s role in blocking the reform had gone beyond sympathetic coverage on his site. Over the previous year, he, Sessions and one of Sessions’s top aides, Stephen Miller, spent “an enormous amount of time” meeting in person, “developing plans and messaging and strategy,” as Miller later explained to Rosie Gray in The Atlantic. Breitbart writers also reportedly met with Sessions’s staff for a weekly happy hour at the Union Pub. For most Republicans in Washington, immigration was an issue they wished would go away, a persistent source of conflict between the party’s elites, who saw it as a straightforward economic good, and its   voting base, who mistrusted the effects of immigration on employment. But for Bannon, Sessions and Miller, immigration was a galvanizing issue, lying at the center of their apparent vision for reshaping the United States by tethering it to its European and Christian origins. (None of them would comment for this article.) That September evening, as they celebrated the collapse of the reform effort  —   and the rise of Farage, whose own   party in Britain represented the new brand of nativism  —   it felt like the beginning of something new. “I was privileged enough to be at it,” Miller said about the gathering last June, while a guest on Breitbart’s SiriusXM radio show. “It’s going to sound like a motivational speech, but it’s true. To all the voters out there: The only limits to what we can achieve is what we believe we can achieve. ” The answer to what they could achieve, of course, is now obvious: everything. Bannon and Miller are ensconced in the West Wing, as arguably the two most influential policy advisers to Donald J. Trump. And Jeff Sessions is now the attorney general of the United States. The genesis of their working relationship is crucial to understanding the   domestic goals of the Trump presidency and how the law may be used to attain them over the next four years. Bannon and Sessions have effectively presented the country’s changing demographics  —   the rising number of minority and   residents  —   as America’s chief internal threat. Sessions has long been an outlier in his party on this subject in 2013, when his Republican colleagues were talking primarily about curbing illegal immigration, he offered a proposal to curb legal immigration. (It failed in committee, 17 to one.) Read the rest here. ",0
13194,Schwarzenegger Quits ’Celebrity Apprentice’ After One Season,"Arnold Schwarzenegger won’t be back on NBC’s Celebrity Apprentice. [The    actor and former governor of California said Friday he would not return next season to helm the reality television show made popular by his predecessor and now president Donald Trump.  “I loved every second of working with NBC and Mark Burnett. Everyone  —   from the celebrities to the crew to the marketing department  —   was a straight 10, and I would absolutely work with all of them again on a show that doesn’t have this baggage,” Schwarzenegger told Empire magazine in an interview. “Even if asked [to do it again] I would decline,” he added. “With Trump being involved in the show people have a bad taste and don’t want to participate as a spectator or as a sponsor or in any other way support the show. It’s a very divisive period now and I think this show got caught up in all that division. ” Schwarzenegger took the helm of the reality show in January after NBC severed its business ties with Trump due to his presidential campaign. The rebooted show debuted to poor ratings and lackluster reviews, and the show struggled with ratings through the entirety of its   run. On Thursday, the Wrap reported that at least five of the show’s twelve corporate sponsors had decided to withdraw from participating in the show next season. The sponsors were reportedly targeted by a campaign called #GrabYourWallet, which boycotts brands and individuals associated with President Trump. Though Trump no longer hosted the show, he retained an executive producer credit and his name appeared in the titles. “When people found out that Trump was still involved as executive producer and was still receiving money from the show, then half the people [started] boycotting it,” Schwarzenegger told Empire. NBC has not yet announced whether it will bring back Celebrity Apprentice for next season.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
13195,What You Should Watch: ‘Greenleaf’ and ‘Thirteen’ - The New York Times,"Welcome to Watching, The New York Times’s    guide. We comb through releases big and small, famous and esoteric, to email readers twice a week with our timely recommendations. Our most recent suggestions also appear below. To receive our guide straight to your inbox, sign up here. I love a cop show. I love a doctor show. But the quickest way to entice me is for a show to have a unique setting or premise. That’s partially why “UnReal,” set within a reality show, and “Mr. Robot,” set among hacker activists, excite me so much, or shows like “Six Feet Under” and “Party Down” stay with me  —   they created and define my image of a funeral home and of a catering company. (Er   …     respectively.) This week, I’m spotlighting three shows that are, in significant ways, not like every other show. “Greenleaf” does something we relatively rarely on TV: It depicts religiosity. (The show’s creator Craig Wright has a background in theology.) The stars and creators of “Blackstone” are indigenous people  —   rarer still. And the chilly drama “Thirteen” is oriented around grief rather than horror. Hooray for anyone forging new paths. That’s also why I find myself wishing for stranger shows, and imaging oddball settings. I want a   soap set in the world of figure skating! Or an anthology like “In Treatment,” but where everyone has the same piano teacher, instead of the same therapist. Or a “Parks and Recreation,” but serious. A girl can dream. Lots to watch this week, and I hope you’ll share your secret dream setting for a TV show with me and Team Watching: watching@nytimes. com. “Greenleaf,” Tuesday, 10 p. m. with two more episodes Wednesday from 9 p. m. to 11 p. m. OWN Watch if you like “everybody has a secret” ensemble shows, stories about modern American Christianity and unusual workplace settings. “Greenleaf” is set within a black megachurch in Memphis and focuses on the Greenleaf family who runs the church and the prodigal daughter who has just returned to the fold after the mysterious death of her sister. There’s some contrived dialogue, and not all of the performances are at the same level. But the show is worth sticking with, particularly if you like twisty family stories that involve decades of resentment. The standout of the series is Keith David, who plays the family patriarch and bishop of the church. The scenes in which he preaches work better than most actual religious services I have attended. The members of his family and congregation say goodbye to one another by saying “God is good” and responding “all the time. ” I wish “Greenleaf” was good all the time, and it’s not quite, but it’s good some of the time, and features neither cops nor vampires, so I’m in for now. “Thirteen,” Thursday, 10 p. m. BBC America Watch if you like spooky foreign   and care more about the journey than the destination. Ivy Moxam (Jodie Comer of “My Mad Fat Diary”) was kidnapped as a teenager 13 years ago. Now she’s back. But what happened to her while she was gone? This     is less focused on being a whodunit and more concerned with Ivy’s emotional state and the unbearable weight her loved ones have carried around. It’s reminiscent of the French series “Les Revenants” (which has a supernatural element, unlike “Thirteen”) and is much more on the uncanny side of scary than the horror side. “Blackstone,” Hulu  Watch if you like bleak, unglamorous and distinctive ensemble shows.  “Blackstone” is one of the flagship shows of Canada’s Aboriginal Peoples Television Network, where it made its debut in 2011. It’s set on a (fictional) Blackstone First Nation reserve, within an indigenous community challenged by corruption and desperation. The depths of that corruption start coming to light when Leona (Carmen Moore) wins the election to become the new chief, though her victory celebration is overshadowed by a teenager’s rape and suicide. In its earliest episodes, the series’ dialogue is   and the camera distractingly jumpy. But stick with it: The story is powerful enough to outweigh early shortcomings, and around Episode 5, the show blossoms into itself, and it’s well worth the wait. The first three seasons, with 23 total episodes, are currently on Hulu. (Seasons 4 and 5 have already aired in Canada.) • Monday: “The Fosters,” Season 4 premiere, 8 p. m. Freeform. Last season was not my favorite, but this show is so good that even its crummy episodes are better than other show’s good ones. • Tuesday: “The Greeks,” series premiere, 9 p. m. PBS. This is a   documentary series about ancient Greece, beginning with how cave people eventually formed societies. Thorough! • Wednesday: “Big Brother,” Season 18 premiere, 8 p. m. CBS. I hate “Big Brother,” but in my experience many otherwise   people secretly love it. I know you’re out there, Watchers. No judgment. • Thursday: “Queen of the South,” series premiere, 10 p. m. USA. Based on Arturo  ’s book “La Reina Del Sur” (already adapted as a popular Mexican show) “Queen” follows a Mexican drug queenpin who winds up fleeing to the United States. Some of it feels like other, tenser dramas, but the pilot has promise. • Friday: “Comedy Bang! Bang! ,” 11:30 p. m. IFC. Nathan Fielder, of “Nathan For You,” is the guest, so it’ll be a real bonanza of comedy oddness. Game of Thrones: This season’s penultimate episode  —   like those of many previous seasons  —   was  . The “Battle of the Bastards,” between the forces of Jon Snow and Ramsay Bolton, was a spectacle. As Jeremy Egner writes, “Whether you actually slept well Sunday night probably depends on your tolerance for blood, guts, dead giants and other hallmarks of grim medieval battle, as presented in the tense, grimy and at times oddly beautiful clash. ” More Game of Thrones: At Hitfix, Alan Sepinwall wonders why he was “so unmoved” by it all. “No show in TV history has ever done spectacle on this level, as consistently well as ‘Game of Thrones’ has,” he writes. “But the show at its best finds a way for the characterization to be as powerful as the visuals, and ‘Battle of the Bastards’ ultimately didn’t manage to surround all those stunning battle images with enough emotional meat to make it all worth it. ” Or try this Joanna Robinson piece at Vanity Fair about Sansa’s decisions in the episode. Outlander: “Game of Thrones” wasn’t the only show to allow its characters a measure of vengeance. “Mary and Claire get revenge,” Angelica Jade Bastién writes of Saturday’s episode of “Outlander,” “but the show doesn’t fully wrestle with what this means for either of them going forward. ” Veep: Eight episodes of Catherine standing in the corner with a video camera finally pays off. As Noel Murray writes, “Kissing Your Sister” is “an offbeat episode that both summarizes and comments on everything that’s happened so far in Season 5. It’s a conceptual tour de force  —   and, more important, it’s very, very funny. ” Silicon Valley: “This seems like an odd question to ponder nearly three full seasons into ‘Silicon Valley,’” Scott Tobias writes. “But it’s worth asking: What exactly is Pied Piper anyway?”",0
13196,The Accidental Power of Design - The New York Times,"Do we know what we’re talking about when we talk about design? Design is both noun and verb, covering work that ranges from the composition of a tattoo to the amelioration of climate change. We design spoons and rooms, houses and cities, power grids and national identities, international treaties and defense systems and, when all else fails, military campaigns. If design refers to that which is planned and brought to fruition by human ingenuity, we’ve reached the point where, as Mark Wigley and Beatriz Colomina, curators of this year’s Istanbul Design Biennial, aptly observe, “the planet itself has been completely encrusted by design as a geological layer. ” Even the few undesigned places left exist because we design the borders around them. The basic motivation for design is the very human desire for coherence. With so much designed in the world, we begin to take its results for granted. Often, what we have conjured assumes the sheen of inevitability, as if its results were inalienable facts in the world rather than the product of someone’s ideas and actions. In other words, design solidifies, and naturalizes, things that start off as opinions, stories and traditions, supplying form to the fictions by which we live. We rarely stop to consider the   proposition represented by our paper money or the imagined national narratives engendered by borders. Unlike words, the meaning of which can be debated, the objective materiality of designed objects exudes a unique power. Once established, it’s difficult to think outside the systems and structures these objects represent. Consider the current public bathroom kerfuffle. Recently, several states have introduced legislation that would compel citizens to confine themselves to the bathrooms that align with the sex designated on their birth certificate. So one designed system, the binary “M” or “F” box on the birth certificate, is used to justify another: men’s and women’s bathrooms. Never mind that we’re perfectly comfortable sharing unisex bathrooms at home, in trains and on airplanes  —   the male or female designation, at least in most public spaces, is taken as  . That division of bathrooms, however, is a historical relic. As women began to enter the industrialized work force in the 19th century, employers started to segregate bathrooms, ostensibly to protect delicate sensibilities. Over the course of the next 150 years, this division of the sexes, which had begun as a product of ideology, was legally codified. Now, building codes and the Americans with Disabilities Act stipulate detailed requirements for how public bathrooms must be designed, and architects are required by law to follow them. As the origin story fades into the past, the presence of the two distinct spaces is cited as proof that the difference they identify is sacrosanct, when in fact the twin rooms are, essentially, architecturally codified ideology. In 2013, after California passed the law guaranteeing any public school student the right to use the bathroom facility they felt aligned with their gender identity, a Republican state assemblyman withdrew his    son from school, declaring: “The public schools are no longer interested in education. They’ve become   centers. ” His mistake was in not recognizing that all design is indoctrinating, because design manifests the distinctions by which we order our world. The overheated rhetoric spinning around the bathroom debate claims we are creating a “recipe for disaster” by entering “unknown territory. ” But this territory is hardly unexplored it’s just that a century and a half of architecture, icons and ideology has done its work. Now change seems unimaginable, even dangerous, despite the fact we designed it that way in the first place. What seems   can no longer be imagined as arbitrary. It’s only when our belief systems shift, and culturally we experience a seismic disruption, that we suddenly recognize the underlying fictions on which our designed world is built. Design always depicts the things that matter to us . .. until they don’t.",0
13197,World War 3 Alert Russia Prepares For Nuclear War,"November 3, 2016 at 10:20 pm 
well clinton is a fool if she does not seek to restore relations with russia ASAP…they seem to be forgetting about ''the dead man's switch"" it's an actual system implimented by russia as a warning to it's enemies of nuclear retaliation….why the fuck is america's citizens letting their leaders destroy peaceful relations with russia.. even if russia would lose a war against usa the problem is the aftermath….we're talking millions dead if not billions and nuclear fallout on a global scale﻿",0
13198,Boykin: Manning’s Actions ’Every Bit as Egregious and Damaging as Snowden’s’,"Lt. Gen. (Ret.) William G. “Jerry” Boykin, Family Research Council’s executive vice president, strongly denounced President Barack Obama’s plan to free Chelsea Manning in a Wednesday interview on Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM radio with hosts Alex Marlow and Raheem Kassam. [As Breitbart reported Tuesday:  President Barack Obama announced his plan to free Chelsea Manning (who changed his name from Bradley) after leaking classified military documents to WikiLeaks and being sentenced to 35 years in prison for his crimes. Once in prison, Manning went on a hunger strike to demand sex change surgery in prison, which was granted by officials at the cost of American taxpayers. Boykin said, “I think what Manning did and was caught at   …     was every bit as egregious and damaging as what [Edward] Snowden did. ” In arguing against Obama’s plan to set Manning free, Boykin added, “Both of these guys are enemies of the state, plain and simple. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
13199,Armed Dakota Access Contractor Accused Of Trying To Infiltrate Water Protectors,"An armed Dakota Access security contractor confronted indigenous water protectors fighting the construction of an oil pipeline in North Dakota. He had an assault rifle, which he pointed at the water protectors, and he wore a bandana over his face. He was arrested by the Bureau of Indian Affairs police and later released without charge.
In video aired by “Democracy Now!”, as host Amy Goodman described, the man carrying the rifle, who has been identified as Kyle Thompson, points a rifle “at the protectors as he attempts to flee into the water.”
“A Standing Rock Sioux tribal member says he saw the man driving down Highway 1806 toward the main resistance camp with an AR-15 rifle on the passenger side of his truck,” Goodman reported. “Protectors chased down his truck and then pursued him on foot in efforts to disarm him.”
“Protectors said inside the man’s truck they found a DAPL security ID card and insurance papers listing his vehicle as insured by DAPL. That’s the Dakota Access pipeline,” according to Goodman.
Dallas Goldtooth, an organizer with the Indigenous Environmental Network, witnessed the encounter between the armed contractor and water protectors. He said on “Democracy Now!”:
It was a very terrifying moment for a lot of us watching, I mean, to see this man pulling an assault rifle at our water protectors. And I think that—many blessings and gratitude to some of the military veterans within our security, from within our Oceti Sakowin camp, who stepped up to negotiate and to de-escalate this man, to really talk to him to make sure that he did not hurt anybody, until the Bureau of Indian Affairs police officers could show up.
Thompson appeared on the scene about the same time that hundreds of police with militarized equipment surrounded a newly formed camp called the 1851 Treaty Camp, which was setup by water protectors to reclaim “unceded Dakota territory affirmed as part of the Standing Rock Reservation in the Ft. Laramie Treaty of 1851.”
Sacred Stone Camp, which has led indigenous resistance to the Dakota Access pipeline, reported that police cleared blockades, attacked water protectors with pepper spray and concussion grenades, and used shotguns to fire rubber bullets. A sound cannon was also deployed against water protectors as well, as the police brutally tore down the encampment.
Dakota Access denies Thompson was working for the company, however, Thompson posted on Facebook and claimed he was “doing his job to photograph burning company equipment when he was confronted by demonstrators,” according to APTN National News .
The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe apparently claims Thompson fired off shots while Thompson vehemently denies that any shots were ever fired. He maintains FBI agents, who took him into custody, could back up his story.
However, Thompson’s story becomes incredibly suspicious, as he insists the water protectors “had knives and were dead set on using those knives.” He says a water protector fired a flare.
The video of Thompson’s confrontation in the water definitely does not show any knife-wielding water protectors trying to attack him.
What is troubling is the fact that he was not dressed in a manner that would clearly indicate he was a security contractor for DAPL. He looked like an infiltrator. One wonders what would have happened if he made it to the 1851 Treaty Camp and engaged in disruptive behavior that the police could then use to justify the brute force used against water protectors.
It is unknown what company Thompson worked for, but he was previously deployed in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Separately, another suspicious act against the indigenous water protectors occurred overnight on October 29, when a fire spread near the Oceti Sakowin camp.
“There was some mysterious incident of a vehicle that came out of nowhere, that was almost acting as a distraction, was spinning doughnuts in the middle of the road, and then it sped off to the south,” Goldtooth shared on “Democracy Now!”. “And immediately after that, flames were seen on top of the hill to the west. There’s documented footage [of] what appears to be a drip line, which is from what I understand, is a technique used in firefighting. I mean, it was very, very clear that that brush fire that happened was an act of arson by unknown individuals.”
“Given the recent events with the Dakota Access worker, given the escalation of law enforcement, that, you know, a lot of fingers are pointing towards Dakota Access as being a culprit behind this late fire. And thank god that the wind was pushing away from the camp. The fire spread pretty large.”
The post Armed Dakota Access Contractor Accused Of Trying To Infiltrate Water Protectors appeared first on Shadowproof .
",0
13200,"If Trump Wants to Fix the ‘Disaster’ of the Pentagon, He Should Clean Up Its Nuclear Lies","STAFF NEWS & ANALYSIS If Trump Wants to Fix the ‘Disaster’ of the Pentagon, He Should Clean Up Its Nuclear Lies   
Trump Versus the Pentagon … On the campaign trail, Trump called the military a “disaster” … He pledged to vastly increase the sizes of the Army and Marines and to buy scores of new ships and planes. Does that make sense? – Bloomberg 
We’ll answer Bloomberg’s question: No it doesn’t make sense. America doesn’t need a bigger military anymore than it needs a bigger prison system. 
The American military is many ways a fraud. The idea is that if it were smaller, America itself would somehow be overrun by “enemies.” Do you believe it? 
America’s military services, like its intelligence agencies, are actually in the service of London’s banking elite. 
The US military is used to reshape the world in order to make it more congenial to one-world government from what we can tell. America’s military power has little if anything to do with actually defending the country. 
The Pentagon is rife with corruption. It has recently mislaid something like $8 trillion and has also, obviously, participated in a 9/11 coverup. This is the facility that Trump wants to lavish more trillions on. 
More: 
Instead of adding regular troops and ships, the military should get granular, focusing on special forces, unmanned technology like drones, cyberdefense, and a naval strategy of “distributed lethality” that emphasizes firepower and self-defense across the current fleet. 
The generals will gladly take the additional money he’s promising, but will follow their own priorities. 
This is absolutely correct. The Pentagon’s generals will do as they please. They listen to London long before they listen to the White House. 
The Pentagon wants trillions for a nuclear upgrade. This is a bad joke. We’ve written numerous articles on how the Pentagon’s nuclear program was fraudulent from the very beginning. You can see some of them here, here and here . 
The Pentagon basically only allowed one journalist to cover the creation and completion of the original nuclear program, and that person – a New York Times reporter – was also on the Pentagon payroll. 
Whatever was dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in the way of a “nuclear” bomb was also accompanied very obviously by fire-bombing. The damage to Hiroshima and Nagasaki looks no different than the damage to Tokyo, which was lavishly firebombed. 
We’ve even identified the 66 bombers that likely bombed Hiroshima on August 6 th (666). The fleet was initially sent to a city near Hiroshima that had already been bombed several times. No, there’s no way those bombers bombed the same city yet again. Those bombers fire-bombed Hiroshima. 
Or course the tale of the bombings was not told at the time. Instead, the US military shut down all access in and out of Hiroshima and Nagasaki for a full month. And then both Japan and the US made it a capital offense to talk about the bombings, to say or write anything at all, unless it was approved. 
If Trump really wants to create a better and more efficient military, he can start by getting to the bottom of the fakery of the Pentagons’ nuclear program. Parts of the program may indeed be real, but a lot of the narrative surrounding Hiroshima and Nagasaki is false. 
Also false are the videos and pictures of nuclear explosions provided to the public by the Pentagon throughout the ‘40s, ‘50s and ‘60s. 
The Pentagon has actually admitted that every single one of these presentations was “touched up” by its Hollywood special effects department. And were massive amounts of TNT present at many of these “tests?” Could the Pentagon have been faking some of these explosions? 
Who vouches for the Pentagon’s nuclear program? The same elements of the military-industrial complex that has lied and faked portions of the nuclear program in the past? Who is present at the “tests” that the Pentagon performs? Just military types? Who vouches for the truth of what the Pentagon builds and tries out? 
The Pentagon reports regularly to Congress and the media about its “progress.” But does anyone check what the Pentagon is asserting? Does anyone actually investigate? The Pentagon can’t tell you what it did with $8 trillion but for some reason the words of its generals and others involved in the military-industrial complex are taken at face value. 
Conclusion: If Trump really wants to make America’s military more efficient, he could aim a reportorial truth squad to sort through at least a half century of lies and misinformation. That would be a start.",0
13201,Milo Responds to Ann Coulter Cancellation: ’I Will Bring an Army’ to Berkeley ’If I Have To’ - Breitbart,"Former Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos declared that he would “make sure” UC Berkeley would “become the free speech capital of the United States once again” in response to the cancellation of Ann Coulter’s event on campus. [“Awful to see my friend Ann Coulter forced to cancel her speech,” wrote Milo on his official Facebook page. “I don’t understand why Young America’s Foundation would capitulate so close to victory. Ann can hardly be expected to show up without insurance, security or a venue, so I completely understand why she had to cancel. She is Ann Coulter, after all. ”  “My proposed Free Speech Week will proceed as planned later this year,” he continued, before adding, “I WILL BRING AN ARMY IF I HAVE TO. ” “We will ensure that Ann and others can speak and we will publicly, ritually humiliate UC Berkeley for its failure to meet its legal obligations until conservative speakers no longer fear violent mobs just for exercising their First Amendment rights,” Milo concluded. “Berkeley is going to become the free speech capital of the United States once again. I will make sure of it. ” Like Coulter, Milo’s event at UC Berkeley earlier this year was derailed after a mob of violent   activists set fires, smashed windows, and assaulted attendees who were supposed to see him speak. Young America’s Foundation pulled out of the Ann Coulter event on Tuesday, blaming the college’s hostile environment towards conservatives. However, YAF and the UC Berkeley College Republicans are still in the process of suing the college, claiming that administrators put several limiting restrictions on the event in an effort to get it cancelled. The groups and their attorney Harmeet Dhillon referenced previous events featuring conservative speakers at the college which also faced similar scrutiny and restrictions, including Milo’s as well as conservative commentator David Horowitz. During a press conference about the lawsuit on Monday, Dhillon branded UC Berkeley’s policies on “acceptable speech” as “infinitely malleable” before criticizing the Mayor of Berkeley, Jesse Arreguin, for appearing to sympathize with, be friendly to, and act softly on the   rioters who shut down Yiannopoulos’ event earlier this year. “If the Mayor of Berkeley cannot maintain control of his city, the Governor should call the National Guard, because that’s a serious public health issue,” Dhillon proclaimed. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
13202,Obamacare Architect Gruber Demands “Larger Mandate Penalty”,"  Paul Joseph Watson Bureaucrat who said “stupidity” of Americans helped get law passed doubles down 
Obamacare architect Jonathan Gruber – the bureaucrat who once bragged that the “stupidity” of the American people was crucial for passing the health care law in the first place – told CNN that the “fix” for Obamacare was to impose a “larger mandate penalty”. CNN’s CAROL COSTELLO: “So let’s talk about how exactly you can fix Obamacare. I just need you to be specific because I think people really want answers. So Hillary Clinton says she can fix Obamacare. So what would one fix that would drive premiums down?” JONATHAN GRUBER: “Look, once again, there’s no sense it has to be fixed. The law is working as designed. However, it could work better. And I think, probably the most important things experts would agree on is we need a larger mandate penalty“… Gruber’s arrogance is incredible. Even after the Obama administration acknowledged that premiums are set to skyrocket next year, Gruber thinks that the answer is to financially punish Americans to an even greater degree. Gruber is essentially admitting that Obamacare is designed to make Americans destitute. “ObamaCare was never designed *not* to overwhelm you with the shifting of massive costs. ObamaCare was designed to crush you in costs,” points out the Conservative Treehouse blog . His comments shouldn’t come as much of a surprise given what Gruber thinks of the American people. A series of videos that emerged in 2014 featured Gruber admitting that Obamacare was deceptively crafted in order to fool “stupid” Americans into not realizing that it would mean massive price hikes and that the law’s “lack of transparency (was) a huge political advantage” in selling it.",0
13203,How Soon Before We Become Venezuela?,"MarcFaberBlog.com November 1, 2016 
It’s nonsense to claim that inflation is only going up 1 percent per year in the United States. The cost of living of a typical family is going up much more than that—insurance, transportation, schooling are all going up. 
For example, health care premiums for insurance policies [are rising], so the typical household is being squeezed. The central banks don’t care about that; they don’t look at it.. 
I suppose the system will collapse before we become like Venezuela. In the West, if they start to print money, the end game will be brief. Within five years, I expect the system to implode. 
You better ask the bureaucrats what their plans are. They had zero rates since December 2008; soon eight years [passed], and that hasn’t boosted economic activity for the average household, not in Japan nor the United States nor the EU. Now they talk about fiscal spending. 
You better ask the bureaucrats what their plans are. They had zero rates since December 2008; soon eight years [passed], and that hasn’t boosted economic activity for the average household, not in Japan nor the United States nor the EU. Now they talk about fiscal spending. 
Then they will find some academics who will blame wealth inequality on the evil capitalists who made so much money out of asset bubbles. 
They will blame the economic woes on these people. To some extent this is true. But the rich people did not create the inflated asset values; it was the central banks, by slashing interest rates to zero and negative interest rates in many countries. 
First, you create mispricings through artificially low rates and negative interest rates and you boost the income and wealth of the super-rich. It’s at best the 0.1 percent that really benefit from asset inflation, at the cost of all the people that have no assets and so you have this rising wealth inequality. So we have to tax the rich people and tax them more. 
Taking money from the rich is appealing if you go to voters, and you say to them, “Look, the reason the economy is doing so badly, it’s because of the rich people, the billionaires. We have to take 20 percent away from them and give it to you.” You can be sure that everybody will vote for that because the wealthy are a minority. This is what happens after monetary policies completely fail. 
Some well-connected people will hide their wealth but a lot of people won’t. Even if they take 50 percent from the richest, it’s not going to help. The next step will be to take money from less wealthy people; the interventionists will go all the way. 
- Source, The Epoch Times",0
13204,„The Duelist“: Martins Wuttkes neuer Tatort,"film , deutschland und russland Der neue Film des Regisseurs Alexei Misgirew zeigt Russland im 19. Jahrhundert. Sankt Petersburg sprach damals schon Deutsch. Quelle:Kinopoisk.ru 
Alexei Misgirews Film „Duellant“ (The Duelist) stieß schon während der Produktion auf große Resonanz in der internationalen Filmindustrie. Seine Weltpremiere feierte der Streifen schließlich auf dem Toronto Film Festival. Eine Kooperation mit IMAX ermöglicht nun seinen Verleih in den USA und einigen anderen Ländern. Bis zu diesem Erfolg hatte Misgirew in Russland den Ruf eines „Regisseurs der zweiten Reihe“. Seine Filme kamen alle nur in den begrenzten Verleih, wo sie ein Publikum von wenigen Tausend Zuschauern erreichten. Jetzt realisierte Misgirew zusammen mit dem Produzenten Alexander Rodnianski („Jayne Mansfield’s Car“, „Cloud Atlas“, „Leviathan“) eines der größten Projekte der Geschichte des neueren russischen Kinos. 
„The Duelist“ ist ein in den 1860er-Jahren spielendes Kostümdrama über einen Auftragsmörder. Der Held des Films, der Offizier Jakowlew, duelliert sich stellvertretend für andere. Aus unerklärlichen Gründen kann ihn keine Kugel töten, und so gewinnt er jeden seiner Zweikämpfe. Vor dem Start des internationalen Verleihs sprach Misgirew mit RBTH über seinen neuen Film. RBTH: Bisher waren Sie im Autorenfilm mit kleinem Budget zuhause. Wie geht es Ihnen jetzt als Regisseur eines Films, der für die Verhältnisse der russischen Filmindustrie richtig teuer ist? 
Alexei Misgirew: Das werde ich oft gefragt. Anfangs hat mich diese Frage aus dem Konzept gebracht. Ich wusste keine Antwort, weil ich selbst keinen großen Unterschied gemerkt habe. Natürlich hatten wir bei den Dreharbeiten für „The Duelist“ keine finanziellen Probleme, zum Beispiel mit den Requisiten und Kostümen. Wir haben dort gedreht, wo wir es wollten, ohne an irgendeiner Ausstattung sparen zu müssen. Was aber den Prozess selbst betrifft, gab es keinen Unterschied zu meinen anderen Projekten. Ich habe meine Arbeitsweise nicht geändert und mich niemandem untergeordnet. Das ist überhaupt das oberste Prinzip von Alexander Rodnianski in seiner Zusammenarbeit mit Regisseuren – sich nicht in den kreativen Prozess einzumischen und Kompromisse zu finden. Wir standen dauernd im engen Austausch über bestimmte Fragen, es gab aber keinerlei Vorgaben. Uns war beiden klar, dass es im Film Serienproduktionen und Einzelproduktionen gibt. Und „The Duelist“ ist eine Einzelproduktion, für die Individualität und filmischer Autorenstil besonders wichtig sind; neben einer spannenden Geschichte und einem zeitgemäßen visuellen Konzept. 
Der Regisseur Alexei Misgirew. Foto: Ekaterina Chesnokova/RIA Novosti Ihre früheren Arbeiten hatten alle einen sehr sozialkritischen Charakter und erzählten aus dem Leben im heutigen Russland. Und hier tauchen wir in eine Welt der Bälle, Kostüme, Duelle und Adeligen in Camisolen ein. Woher das Interesse an dieser Epoche? 
Das Budget für „The Duelist“ betrug 16,5 Millionen US-Dollar, rund 15,1 Millionen Euro. Jeder Regisseur des Autorenfilms wünscht sich ein Millionenpublikum. Wenn er aber nur ein bis zwei Millionen US-Dollar ausgeben kann, wird er kaum einen bildgewaltigen und spektakulären Film drehen können. Natürlich will er es, es ist aber aus objektiven Gründen nicht möglich. So ist das Interesse an der Gegenwart zu erklären. Teilweise ist es erzwungen, weil es keinen großen Aufwand für teure Kulissen und Computereffekte erfordert.
Die Idee für „The Duelist“ kam mir vor einigen Jahren. Sie lag als schriftliche Notiz von nicht mehr als zwei Absätzen einfach in einer Schublade. Und plötzlich machte es „Klick“– und ich wusste, dass ich mein Vorhaben jetzt realisieren musste. Und obwohl es bis zu seiner Umsetzung noch ein langer Weg war, wusste ich irgendwie, dass meine größten Probleme in diesem Fall nicht finanzieller Art sein würden. 
Eine Szene aus dem Film ""The Duelist"". Bild: kinopoisk.ru Welche Probleme meinen Sie? 
Sie betreffen das 19. Jahrhundert, und um genau zu sein: das Bild, das die audiovisuelle Kunst dieser Epoche geprägt hat. Während meiner Vorarbeiten für „The Duelist“ habe ich unzählige Quellen über diese Zeit durchforstet. Ich stellte fest, dass wir überhaupt nichts darüber wissen. Tatsächlich redeten, aßen, tranken und kleideten sich die Leute ganz und gar nicht so, wie wir landläufig denken. Der Zuschauer von heute assoziiert mit dem 19. Jahrhundert Geschichten aus der Mottenkiste und ehrwürdige Dramen aus dem Provinztheater. Ich wollte diese Stereotype aufbrechen und die Zeit so zeigen, wie es noch niemand vor mir getan hat – schrill, brutal und mit Verweisen auf die Gegenwart. Das war natürlich unglaublich viel Arbeit, aber die hat mich nicht abgeschreckt. Vielmehr haben mich die möglichen Reaktionen der Zuschauer auf diesen neuen Stil im Rückblick auf alte Zeiten beunruhigt. Hier werden tradierte Muster radikal in Frage gestellt. 
Im Film von Misgirew erscheint Sankt Petersburg als grau, schwarz und schmutzig. Bild: kinopoisk.ru Bezogen auf sein visuelles Konzept wurde „The Duelist“ schon mehrfach mit Guy Ritchies „Sherlock Holmes“ und Pitofs „Vidocq“ verglichen. Gefallen Ihnen diese Parallelen? 
Solche Vergleiche sind zulässig. Hier werden allerdings sehr artifizielle Filme herangezogen, echte Genre-Werke. „The Duelist“ hat aber doch einen etwas anderen Zuschnitt, unter anderem wenn wir über sein visuelles Konzept sprechen. 
Die schöne Fürstin Marfa Tutschkowa (l.) wird zur Geliebten des Duellants. Bild: kinopoisk.ru Im Zusammenhang mit „The Duelist“ werden Sie immer wieder nach dem Motiv der Ehre befragt, das sich wie ein roter Faden durch den Film zieht. Sie antworten erwartungsgemäß, Ehre sei eine zeitlose Idee. Die Geschichte verweise daher zwangsläufig auf die Gegenwart. Man hat aber den Eindruck, dass der Fatalismus, der alle Helden auszeichnet, in Ihrem Film nicht weniger bedeutend ist. Die Betonung der unausweichlichen Verbindungen der Figuren mit ihrem Schicksal ist wohl kein Zufall? 
Ja, das ist ein weiteres wichtiges Motiv dieses Films. Während meiner intensiven Beschäftigung mit Geschichten über Duelle bin ich auf ein sehr beeindruckendes Detail gestoßen: Im Heimatland der Duelle, in Frankreich, hatten diese im 19. Jahrhundert praktisch keine Bedeutung mehr. Gleiches lässt sich auch von viele anderen Ländern sagen. Der Grund war die Verbreitung der Schusswaffe, die den tödlichen Ausgang des Kampfes weitaus wahrscheinlicher machte als der Degen, und die Chancen der Gegner einander anglich. In Russland ließ gerade das die Kultur der Duelle aufblühen. Ich denke, das hängt mit dem Fatalismus zusammen, der bis heute eines der markantesten Merkmale der russischen Mentalität ist. „Held oder Verderben“– das ist eine sehr russische Entgegensetzung, selbst wenn es um Leben und Tod geht. Und genau darum geht es in „The Duelist“. RBTH-Check: 
In „The Duelist“ wird viel deutsch gesprochen. In zwei wichtigen Rollen – denen des deutschen Barons und Duellanten-Vermittlers sowie der Großfürstin Alexandra Iosifowna – sind mit Martin Wuttke und Franziska Petri deutsche Filmstars zu sehen. Alle Rechte vorbehalten",0
13205,Did Democrats really stuff ballot? Here's their answer,"Print Fairfax County, Virginia, voter Jena Jones told WND and Radio America she found this Democrat insert included with her absentee ballot, among others 
Democratic Party officials in Fairfax County, Virginia, are categorically denying that pro-Democrat campaign materials were included in the same envelope as a voter’s absentee ballot, arguing that pamphlets were sent in a separate mailing to absentee voters from the Fairfax County Democratic Committee, or FCDC. 
Earlier this week, Jena and David Jones shared their story of finding more than they expected in the envelope that contained her ballot. (See images of the materials Jena and David say they found at the end of this article. Also included are two images from Democrats showing what they say is confusion on the part of the voters.) 
“I found a letter from the governor of Virginia asking me to please vote Democrat and ‘help keep Virginia blue’ this year,” Jena explained. “Then I got a letter from the Fairfax County Democratic Committee, giving me a step-by-step, yes-and-no what I should vote for as far as the meal tax and all those other things on the ballot.” 
In recent days, at least two more people contend they received the same materials in the envelope with their absentee ballots. 
After the report was first published, and shared on Facebook by David Jones, Fairfax County Democratic Committee Executive Director Frank Anderson replied to David’s post to dispute their account of what the ballot envelope contained. 
“These materials were NOT sent in the same envelope as the ballot. The ballot is mailed separately by the Office of Elections. Political parties are free to mail items to voters who request absentee ballots. The two envelopes arrived at the same time,” commented Anderson. 
That triggered a quick back-and-forth between David Jones and Anderson. 
“I hate to tell you but you’re wrong. All items came in one envelope,” Jones said. 
Like the reporting you see here? Sign up for free news alerts from WND.com, America’s independent news network. 
“Impossible. That letter came out of my office. We never have access to other people’s ballots,” replied Anderson. 
“Then it seems those that sent the ballots have access to YOUR letters,” said Jones. “Who should I believe? You or my lying eyes?” 
Anderson then stated that political parties are informed when anyone requests an absentee ballot, and mailings are sent to those voters to promote Democratic Party candidates and positions on ballot initiatives. 
“I am literally sitting down the hall from the place where those envelopes are stuffed. We are a political office and have no business handling anyone’s ballots. You can believe what you want to believe,” concluded Anderson. 
The Virginia Department of Elections did not respond to repeated attempts for a response. But after seeing reports from WND and Radio America, Anderson protested the premise of the story. 
“Please stop spreading these absurd allegations that are just hearsay from a misinformed voter who cannot verify his claim,” stated Anderson in an email in which he also explained why he believed the Jones account could not be accurate. 
He shared a photo sent by State Sen. Scott Surovell, showing his absentee ballot envelope next to a separate envelope containing Democratic Party advocacy. 
In a formal interview, FCDC Communications Adviser Bruce Neilson told WND and Radio America the Jones version of what the ballot envelope contained cannot be true. 
“It’s not possible,” said Neilson, who then explained how absentee voters are approached by the local Democrats. 
“Voting is a sacred privilege and a right of every citizen,” he said. “The activity of voting is also a public record. The Fairfax County Democratic Committee receives a notice of everyone who has requested an absentee ballot. We get that information as public information on the day the ballot is mailed. 
“The same day the ballot is mailed, our volunteers prepare materials to advise voters what the Fairfax (County) Democratic Committee knows to be Democratic positions on the ballot,” said Neilson, noting the materials include fliers on candidates and ballot proposals like the meals tax. 
Listen to the WND/Radio America interview with Bruce Neilson: 
However, he insists those materials are never sent with the ballot itself. 
“That material is mailed in a separate envelope, labeled with our initials – FCDC – and our return address in Fairfax, Virginia, and would be received either the same day, perhaps the day before or the day after she received her official absentee ballot from the government,” Neilson said. 
“It’s a separate mailing. It’s a separate stamp. It’s a separate envelope. It’s very easy to confuse where they came from if you have all those materials on the table at the same time while you’re filling in your votes,” he said. 
Jones is standing by her story 100 percent, as is her husband. David says it’s a very clear memory. 
“Jena opened the envelope that contained her ballot, the green sample ballot, the two-sided letter from the governor and card with kids on it saying ‘go vote’ or something of that nature. There was also the return envelope, which I signed,” David said. 
The coverage of Jena’s story has also elicited similar stories from two other Fairfax County voters. Both of them commented on Reddit. 
“I can confirm this. I live in Herndon, VA (Fairfax County) and also received these materials in my absentee ballot. I thought it was fishy at the time but didn’t look into it,” stated a comment by a reader using the handle thisisaterriblename. 
Get the hottest, most important news stories on the Internet – delivered FREE to your inbox as soon as they break! Take just 30 seconds and sign up for WND’s Email News Alerts! 
Another, under the Reddit handle Nightingale-Nights, said the same thing happened to them and posted similar photos to the ones David and Jena shared last week. 
Neilson said there is no way the county government, which sends out the ballots, could be including partisan materials in the envelope containing the ballot. 
“They don’t have our materials,” he said. “Our materials are printed for us, by our printer, and we have complete control over our materials in our office, and they come from our office in our mailing. They don’t go anywhere else. 
“It’s not possible that the county government is distributing partisan Democratic materials. It’s never happened before. I’m not aware of it happening now. And I don’t think that it would happen anywhere in the future,” Neilson said. 
There are only a few known complaints of stuffed ballot envelopes in Fairfax County, leading David Jones to believe an individual in the government is responsible. He accepts the explanation that the Fairfax County Democratic Committee is not responsible for what he and Jena discovered with her ballot. 
“I understand Frank’s comments about his office has nothing to do with the ballots. I believe that,” Jones said. “I think what we are seeing here is a person that actually stuffs and mails the ballots is taking it upon themselves to add in extra material. I don’t see how Frank’s office could be held accountable for what’s in the ballot envelope. But it does seem odd that others are now reporting similar issues.” 
Neilson said there is zero chance of that scenario being true. 
“I just can’t imagine that happening because of the internal controls that we have on the literature that we mail,” Neilson said. 
He also said the internal controls at the county government are air tight. 
“I am an election official. On Election Day, I serve in a non-partisan capacity for our county election office,” Nielson said. “I can assure you, you have Democrats and Republicans working in the office. You have plenty of oversight of the voting process, and there’s no way that a partisan political piece was mailed with her ballot. There is no way that happened.” 
The following are three images of the Democratic Party materials Jena and David Jones say they found stuffed inside the absentee ballot: 
The following are two images from Democrats who say the voters must be confused:",0
13206,Key Republican in Health Law’s Fate Hails From a State That Embraced It - The New York Times,"ONTARIO, Ore.  —   When Representative Greg Walden of Oregon visits his expansive district, which swallows   of a very blue West Coast state, his constituents grouse amiably to their longtime Republican congressman about environmental regulations and federal lands policy. And then the conversation shifts to the Affordable Care Act and what its repeal would mean for the struggling rural workers who have long voted for Mr. Walden, and for children like    Rocco Stone. Because of the health law, Rocco has been able to live at home, attend school and have a nearly normal life despite having autism and a rare genetic disorder. “Our life was completely changed when Oregon and the federal government partnered to provide home and community services through Medicaid,” Rocco’s mother, Dana M. Stone, told the congressman this past week. “We are deeply, deeply concerned about talk at the federal level about a complete repeal of the Affordable Care Act. ” Mr. Walden, the new chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, is not just another backbench Republican dealing with suddenly energized supporters of the health law at town   meetings. The lanky    congressman will have a large role in drafting promised legislation to replace former President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement and a huge say in decisions about the future of Medicaid, which the health law greatly expanded. As a former chairman of the committee responsible for electing Republicans to the House, Mr. Walden knows the politics of health care as well as anyone. But in his new role, he must reconcile the political goals of his party, which is committed to repealing the 2010 health law, and the interests of his state, where officials say the law has been a big success. In 2010, nearly one in five Oregonians lacked health coverage. Today, state officials say, 95 percent of Oregonians have coverage. Since Oregon expanded eligibility for Medicaid under the health law in 2014, enrollment has increased more than 65 percent. Nearly   of the state’s four million residents are now on Medicaid. In Mr. Walden’s district, the percentages are even higher. In some of his rural counties, more than   of the people are on Medicaid. President Trump easily carried those counties. Mr. Walden won a 10th term in the fall with 72 percent of the vote and was victorious in every one of the 20 counties in his district, which is about the size of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut combined. But that does not guarantee that voters here endorse all the policies of his party. Hospitals are among the leading supporters and beneficiaries of Affordable Care Act. Mr. Walden was a trustee of a   hospital in his hometown, Hood River. “We are very worried about what ‘repeal and replace’ might look like,” said David Underriner, who supervises the hospital, Providence Hood River Memorial, as Oregon’s regional chief executive for Providence Health and Services, the large Roman Catholic system that owns it. Mr. Walden grew up on a cherry orchard, worked at radio stations owned by his family, and followed his father into the State Legislature. The political shifts that have turned all three Pacific Coast states reliably Democratic have begun to creep into a few of the conservative inland parts of Oregon. Hood River County, long known for fruit farming, windsurfing and the spectacular scenery of the Columbia River Gorge, has lately become a center for the production of surveillance drones, leading to an influx of software engineers, technology entrepreneurs and other young professionals. Mr. Walden’s margin of victory in November in the county where he lives was just five votes  —   out of more than 10, 590 cast. “It’s just a little ” Mr. Walden allowed. “It didn’t used to be that way. ” Unlike many Republicans in Congress, Mr. Walden has worked productively with Democrats. “I’m a problem solver,” he said in an interview after a town   meeting here near the Idaho border. “I’m not an ideologue. I want to fix things. ” And in Oregon, some Democrats and   supporters are glad Mr. Walden is in his position. “I’ve known Greg a long time,” said Andrew S. Davidson, the president and chief executive of the Oregon Association of Hospitals and Health Systems. “He is not interested in upending the progress we have made in this state. ” Representative Kurt Schrader, a Democrat whose district includes the southern suburbs of Portland and the capital, Salem, predicted Mr. Walden “will be mindful of the implications of any legislation for our state, which is leading the nation in the transformation of health care. ” Unlike Mr. Walden, Oregon has embraced the Affordable Care Act. State officials say many of the changes proposed by congressional Republicans, including a rollback of federal funds for the expansion of Medicaid, would reverse much of the progress they have made. Oregon has a history of health care innovation that predates the Affordable Care Act. In the early 1990s, it ranked medical procedures according to their costs and benefits, and Medicaid uses this list to decide which services to cover. Under a federal waiver granted in 2012, Oregon treats Medicaid beneficiaries through 16 “coordinated care organizations,” which are governed by local citizen councils. The organizations have slowed the growth of health spending and improved the health of Medicaid beneficiaries, according to performance data collected by the state. Even as he writes legislation to unwind the Affordable Care Act, Mr. Walden takes pride in Oregon’s success under the law. “Our state of Oregon has had quite a bit of innovation over the years,” Mr. Walden said. “We’ve got the coordinated care organizations in place that have actually brought better health care outcomes at lower cost. There are great ideas out there among the states, but right now, they have to come back and beg permission from a federal bureaucrat to be able to do much of anything innovative. ” When Mr. Walden first ran for Congress in 1998, conservatives called him too liberal. Since then, he has taken more conservative positions, and the party has moved to the right. “Times change,” he said. “You get a terrorist attack. You have different administrations come and go. Culture changes. My bedrock principles have stayed the same. I favor more local   and less Washington  . ” Mr. Walden never wavered in his opposition to the Affordable Care Act. On the day the House passed the bill in March 2010, he and other Republicans stood on the Capitol balcony, before a throng of protesters, and held up signs with handwritten letters that spelled out their message: “Kill the Bill. ” A month later, on the House floor, Mr. Walden announced the goal that he hopes soon to achieve, using words that became the mantra for Republicans: “We need to repeal and replace this law. ” Over the last four years, Mr. Walden has been a genial attack dog for Republicans. As chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee, he averted a political blood bath for his party and secured the election of Republicans in many districts that voted for Hillary Clinton in the presidential election. Many of those House campaigns revolved around attacks on the health law that he is now charged with replacing. Oregon tried to run its own health insurance exchange, but had a disastrous experience and decided, after a year, to use the federal website, HealthCare. gov. The state has a competitive insurance market, but consumers have still seen substantial increases in prices, with the average premium for a popular benchmark plan on the exchange rising 27 percent this year and more than 20 percent last year, according to the federal government. (Subsidies cushion the impact for most consumers.) “Medicaid did better than expected, and subsidized commercial insurance did worse,” said Dennis E. Burke, the president of the Good Shepherd Health Care System in Hermiston, Ore. “We have seen steep increases in premiums for commercial insurers, and as a result healthy people have dropped out. ” People newly covered under the health law “proudly present an insurance card,” Mr. Burke said, but in many cases their plans have high deductibles, and the hospital has difficulty collecting the patient’s share of the bill. But Mr. Burke is not so quick as his congressman, Mr. Walden, to seek repeal. “I think it could be fixed,” Mr. Burke said. “We need more of a retooling. ”",0
13207,A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie Modernizes New York Hip-Hop - The New York Times,"There’s a moment in the   rapper A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie’s single “Friend Zone” that encapsulates the conundrum  —   and also opportunity  —   facing New York  . In the song, after meeting a girl, he tries talking her up. “I’m from New York,” he tells her. “She like my accent. ” That the tongue of New York  —   the birthplace of    —   would be anything but the genre’s normative voice is a reality that local rappers have been ignoring for years now, even as rap’s center abandoned this city for ones far away: Atlanta, Miami, Toronto and beyond. New York is rap’s ancestral home, and also, it turns out, home to its greatest stylistic conservatives, stubbornly standing their ground while the crowds disperse. And yet New York retains a sort of mystique: To become the sound of the city still feels like a    goal. But for more than a decade, such consensus has been tough to come by  —   every attempt at a new New York style was greeted with skepticism and reluctance. A Boogie may have cracked the code. “I think about it a lot every day,” he said one evening last week. “I’m responsible for things right now in my city. It’s a lot of pressure. ” The    rapper was in the back seat of a black S. U. V. slowly making its way around Highbridge, a geographically isolated corner of the southwest Bronx where he was born and largely raised. Every now and again, he would open up the window to call out to an old friend or point to a personal landmark and tell a story. Over there, an apartment building where he used to record in a closet. A couple of blocks away, a stoop on which he wrote the lyrics for “Bando,” one of his hits. When the driver tried to turn onto one busy block, A Boogie stopped him: “This is the bad block right here,” he said. At the beginning of this year, A Boogie  —   born Artist Dubose  —   was still a fixture in this neighborhood. But on Valentine’s Day, he released his debut mixtape, “Artist,” full of songs that merged sensitivity and bluster delivered in strident,   melodies. By this summer, a handful of his tracks  —   “Friend Zone,” the tough “Bando,” the breezy “My ______”  —   had become fixtures on New York radio and made A Boogie the most promising young rapper the city has produced in some time. He has found a way to make a New York rap sound that’s modern, not preoccupied with the formalist bullies of the 1990s (the L. O. X. DMX) that still define the city to so many. A few times in recent years, new New York sounds arrived and threatened upheaval: ASAP Rocky’s polyregionalism, French Montana’s morbid celebrations, the occasional “Chicken Noodle Soup” novelty. But A Boogie’s sound acknowledges the youthful power of the internet and the   inclusion of melody in   while still being rooted in   New York roughneck business. “There’s so few New York movements  —   we’ve got to be a part of this one,” said Craig Kallman, the chairman and chief executive of Atlantic Records, who signed Highbridge the Label, A Boogie’s label, to a joint venture. Several of the songs on “Artist” were inspired by a rocky situation with a girlfriend, including a pregnancy scare. While writing about that experience, A Boogie began experimenting with how to best manipulate his voice, landing on a creaky, sweet, melodic style delivered with a bruiser’s cadence. “I was always scared to use that around people,” he said. “Even to this day, I’m still developing my voice. I used it again in a different type of mood song, like a hood song, and it sounded crazy again and I was like, ‘Damn, this is the voice right here.’ It made me want to do mad music in different moods. ” That’s meant flexibility in approach: sometimes his most rugged subject matter  —   on “Artist,” and also “Highbridge the Label: The Takeover Vol. 1,” the mixtape he released in May with his labelmate Don Q  —   comes in the softest voice, and vice versa. If there is a New York legacy A Boogie belongs to, it is perhaps the long tail of the era of   gangsters, from Biggie Smalls and the Bad Boy label to the days of 50 Cent and Ja Rule. Still, Mr. Kallman noted, “I don’t think necessarily the focus on the history is essential. ” Besides, it is a promising moment for young New York rappers, from A Boogie and Don Q to sly ruffians like Young M. A. to sharp lyricists like Dave East. Indeed, A Boogie’s rise has been almost completely    —   reminiscent of Bobby Shmurda’s rapid ascent in 2014, but without a dance to encourage virality. He began by posting songs on Soundcloud, and also Facebook, where he would ask fans who liked samples of his songs if he could tag them when the full version was released. That became a sort of street marketing team. Soon after he released “Artist,” he first heard one of his songs on Hot 97, the venerated New York radio station, while he happened to be streaming on Facebook Live. By April, he performed a   show at B. B. King Blues Club  Grill. Around that time, he began a string of club performances alongside the Hot 97   D. J. and longtime New York rap agitator Funkmaster Flex, who first learned about A Boogie from the bloggers on his website, and from requests in Bronx nightclubs. “For the first time in a while, that New York sound, people are looking to put in their clubs up and down the East Coast,” Funkmaster Flex said, before adding, “I don’t want to rush anything and say we’re back. I don’t want to jinx it. ” When A Boogie was young, he said, he sold marijuana “to get the money to get to the studio. ” After getting in trouble as a teenager, he and his family relocated to Florida, where he was arrested at least five times, on charges including burglary and drug possession. (“I didn’t hurt nobody,” he said.) His last year there, he was on house arrest, though he would sneak out to work with a local producer. He returned to Highbridge last summer, but a few months ago moved to a house in Westchester, and more recently, to one in New Jersey, which he shares with Don Q and the label’s owners, QP and Bubba. “There’s a lot of hate,” he said. “Not in the neighborhood, but outside the neighborhood, and people bring that over here. I don’t never know who’s out here no more. ” A few weeks ago, one of his friends was shot and killed in the neighborhood. “I felt like it could have been me,” he said. Around the same time, he performed onstage with Drake during three consecutive shows at Madison Square Garden. After the visit to Highbridge, A Boogie’s S. U. V. made its way to Blast Off Productions near Times Square, a tiny hotbox of a studio with Drake platinum plaques on the lobby wall and speakers strong enough to shake the doors. Even though he was feeling under the weather, he bought a box of Raw rolling papers in the smoke shop downstairs, then headed upstairs for a recording session. After a quick meal from Steak ’n Shake, A Boogie began rolling up some weed in the lobby while in the background, a surly beat throbbed. Soon he began singing in that appealingly cracked voice: He mumbled a few musical phrases to himself, then tried a couplet: “Right when you thought that I was so  ’s when you turned me into a savage,” lingering over the vowel sounds and pushing his voice even further into scratched territory. “I ain’t wanna make that type of song just now,” he said. “I’m happy today. ” But the beat was putting him in a different head space, and squeezing out a different voice. “I’m gonna get back in that bag, talk about my feelings,” he said, then closed his eyes and found the melody.",0
13208,"Pet Pigs of New York: Illegal, Embattled, Beloved - The New York Times","The judge was intrigued. Before her in a hearing room on Staten Island sat Cristy Matteo, the owner of a pet pig named Wilbur. She was accused of illegally harboring a wild animal. The judge said that she knew of only one other pig that had been through the system, Ms. Matteo recalled. The judge named the pig. Ms. Matteo immediately named the pig’s owner. “The judge was smiling at me,” Ms. Matteo said. The judge asked if there was an underground pig network in New York. “I said, ‘More than you can imagine. ’” An untold number of pet pigs are scattered throughout the city, despite a ban. They can be found in all five boroughs, the veterinarians who treat them say. “There are so, so many of us,” said a neighbor of Ms. Matteo’s who has two pigs and gave her name only as Leslie W. Ms. Matteo said she knew of dozens. Wilbur, however, a placid   with a fondness for orange peppers and daylong naps, is about to leave their ranks. Though the judge dismissed the violation last May, accepting Ms. Matteo’s explanation that Wilbur was an emotional support animal for her and her father, the city’s health department got the dismissal overturned. Ms. Matteo, 46,  must get rid of Wilbur by the end of the month. She has lined up a sanctuary in North Carolina for him, but she is not ready to give him up. “I’m just praying that something gives between now and Jan. 31,” she said on Monday as Wilbur grunted quietly beside her in her living room on Staten Island’s South Shore. The city’s porcine ranks include a store’s wandering mascot and a spotted pig who frequents Tompkins Square Park in the East Village. Some pigs live as discreetly as it is possible to do in a dense city. Others lead lives like Queelin, a Manhattan resident who is walked in a park near her apartment each day. She has a Facebook account, was the model for a children’s book called “The New Yorker Porker” and draws attention wherever she goes. “You basically cannot walk her if you’re in a bad mood or if you’re in a hurry,” said her owner, who gave her name only as Ann, citing the hostile legal climate. Ms. Matteo, who works for a tugboat company, got a piglet on a whim. “I just woke up one morning and said, ‘I’m buying one,’” she said. That was five years  —   and 165 pounds  —   ago. Wilbur became close friends with Ms. Matteo’s exuberant golden retriever mix, Milo. Wilbur was soon using a doggy door to go out into the yard to relieve himself, root around for leaves and occasionally roll in the mud. The neighbors’ grandchildren fed him carrots, Ms. Matteo said. Then last winter, someone complained to 311. (Ms. Matteo thinks she knows who but declined to offer details.) On March 1  —   National Pig Day  —   a health inspector knocked on the door, and Ms. Matteo’s ailing father, a cancer patient, let him in. A summons followed. The inspector had observed “one large   pig lying on its bed in the living room area of the property. ” Ms. Matteo was charged with violating a provision of the city health code prohibiting “all   ungulates,” including but not limited to “deer, antelope, sheep, pigs, including pot bellied pigs, goats, cattle, giraffe and hippopotamus. ” In New York’s founding days, pigs roamed the streets, devouring trash and functioning as a   municipal sanitation force. During the early 19th century, the city began passing laws against harboring pigs. Although they eventually disappeared from the streets, they still made cameos. When the Hotel Thorndyke in Midtown caught fire in 1920, The New York Times reported, “Miss Helen Lee Worthing, who is in the Greenwich Village Follies, returned to her room to rescue a pet baby pig used in that production and which she had left sleeping in its basket. ” Pigs made a comeback with the potbellied pig craze in the 1980s and ’90s and have maintained a steady presence ever since. In 2013, as a woman in Queens fought  to keep her pig, Petey, State Senator Tony Avella introduced a bill in the Legislature to legalize pet pigs under 200 pounds statewide. “Over the years, pygmy pigs have gained popularity and recognition as great pets due to the combination of their unique traits such as cleanliness, diminutive size, friendly disposition and intelligence,” the   bill says. It has yet to pass. The health department opposes it, for several reasons. “Pigs raised as house pets can become aggressive to humans,” the agency said in a recent statement. Also, it noted, there is no federally approved rabies vaccine for pigs. In 2014, the most recent year for which federal statistics are available, there were no cases of rabies in pigs reported in the United States, according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. There were, however, 272 rabid cats, 59 rabid dogs and one rabid llama. Pig owners scoff at the notion that their pets pose a threat. “It’s ridiculous how many people are abusing their animals, how many dogs are mauling people, and they’re worrying about a pig that’s not even bothering anybody,” said Nadine Darsanlal, a disabled veteran who lives in Queens and owns a working therapy pig, also named Wilbur. (The classic children’s book “Charlotte’s Web” ensures that many pet pigs continue to be named Wilbur.) She keeps him at a friend’s house outside the city, where pigs are legal. At Queelin’s apartment in Manhattan on Tuesday morning, the lawbreaker snoozed on her bed in the corner. Her owner’s older daughter, a college student who asked to be identified only as Margret, eventually persuaded Queelin to get up. In return for treats, Queelin (an Anglicization of her real name, Caoilfhionn, which means “fair and slender” in Irish) sat like a dog and kissed Margret on the lips. Margret lay down on the couch, and Queelin climbed up and plopped on top of her. “She knows how to trap you because she puts her big head on you,” Margret said as she stroked Queelin’s    bristles. “Then she’s so happy. ” Queelin gave a soft snort of agreement.",0
13209,USA: The questions the people should be asking,"USA: The questions the people should be asking 06.11.2016 Given the dimension of the United States of America, given its economic power and given the fact that it is one of those nations that cannot help sticking its nose into other people's business, meddling and intruding where it was not invited, the forcoming election is of global importance and requires responsible voting. Here are some questions the people should be asking. Question 1: Has Hillary Clinton amassed a substantial or any part of her reported great wealth (some say hundreds of millions of dollars) while in public office? If so, how is that compatible with public service? Question 2: Is there a rumor that Hillary Clinton has used the Clinton Foundation to amass a fortune and if there is, to what extent is it truthful? The Clinton Foundation and foreign policy Question 3: There is an allegation that Hillary Clinton has used the Clinton Foundation to receive millions in payments from foreign states for access to contracts in return. This being the case, how ethical is it for a public figure to use a private foundation to conduct government policy, and obtain a fortune to boot? Is this what the USA's foreign policy ethics is about? Then why vote for her? Print version Font Size Question 4: Hillary Clinton laughed and sneered when she heard that Muammar al-Qathafi, the Leader of the Libyan Jamahariya, had been cruelly murdered by terrorists. Is it correct for the leader of a country's diplomacy to giggle and guffaw at the news of a terrorist murder? Backing terrorists Question 5: Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State at the time when the Libyan government was toppled in an illegal act by NATO forces using terrorists on their own lists of proscribed groups. Is this in line with the established law of the United States of America? If not, then what does the law of the United States of America have to say about the chief of the country's diplomacy using terrorists to conduct foreign policy? Question 6: Hillary Clinton was responsible for sending Libya, the country with the highest Human Development Index in the African Continent, back to the dark ages, crawling with terrorists and infested by Islamic State. If she was capable of that as Secretary of State, then what would she do as President and how competent is she for that role? Question 7: Hillary Clinton, as mastermind of the Libyan debacle, is ultimately responsible for the acts of the terrorists she unleashed in that country. Has she, have the citizens of the United States of America, any idea of what these terrorists did? Reader discretion advised, for those easily offended please scroll down to question 8. These terrorists sliced the breasts off women in the streets, these terrorists forced five-year-old girls to watch their parents being tortured and raped and murdered with their throats cut, and as their parents' throats were still spurting blood and gasping for breath, these five-year-old girls were themselves raped before and after being beheaded. Boys as young as six have been impaled on railings (metal rails thrust through their anus until they come out of the child's throat). You cannot unleash this sort of filth, then laugh and giggle and turn your back and walk away. Or can you if you are the US Secretary of State, and get voted in as President despite it all? Question 8: How long has Hillary Clinton been in or around Government? How long has Hillary Clinton been in or around the White House? What has she actually achieved? Can she rightfully claim she is the Queen of Change? Or the Queen of barefaced liars who feathered her nest at the expense of the hard-working people of the United States of America? Question 9: Is there a rumor that a lady was paid 500,000 dollars to come on stage and lie about Donald Trump having abused her? Was it not more than a rumor? Wasn't it proven that she was paid to come into the campaign and lie? When they go low, you go high. I am not going to mention any names, but wasn't there more than a rumor about a certain family of Hillbillies in the White House, lies and er...? Timothy Bancroft-Hinchey",0
13210,Woodward: I Don’t Think Trump Really Believes the Press Is the Enemy of the People - Breitbart,"Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” discussing President Donald Trump‘s tweet labeling the press an “enemy” of the American people, Washington Post veteran Bob Woodward said, “I don’t think he really believes that the press is the enemy of the people. ”  Woodward said, “We don’t want in the media to set ourselves up as the opposition. I know Trump a little bit. I don’t think he really believes that the press is the enemy of the people, frankly. And we have to do our reporting in a very aggressive, careful way ten months ago with Bob Costa, we interviewed Trump and it was tough and he came out and he said, well, it was fair and accurate. So I think you can be tough and fair and accurate. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
13211,Thinking Beyond Money in Retirement - The New York Times,"After a career of working, scrimping and saving, many retirees are well prepared financially to stop earning a living. But how do you find meaning, identity and purpose in the remaining years of your life? John and Kathryn Gee, both 57, recently engaged in this existential query. They have worked hard at     jobs, invested diligently and are planning to retire soon. Having relocated to San Antonio from Phoenix in 2010, they have already reached a sweet spot where they have a bountiful nest egg. Yet they worry that something is missing. “We thought we’d be retired and would be fat, dumb and happy at 55,” Mr. Gee said. “We only talked about money. Then we started asking some simple questions. ” Embracing the guiding principles of life planning laid out by a financial planner, George Kinder, the Gees asked themselves what they would do if money wasn’t an issue and they only had one day to a few years left to live. The answers, which they are still contemplating, gave them a renewed focus on what was most important to them. “What is it that can make me a better person?” Ms. Gee asked herself after a   of their core values. “How can we give back? Family became more important. ” Mr. Kinder, who has been espousing and refining   programs with his clients and in seminars for several decades, calls for a process that involves self, family and community. “Who do I want to be?” is a question that Mr. Kinder says his clients should ask. “What have I missed? Who did I not get to be? What an incredible opportunity to have all of these things in front of you. ” As with financial preparation, life planning evolves in stages. Mr. Kinder says he walks clients through exploration of positive outcomes and goal setting “within a human setting of comfort and support. ” If the process unfolds in a positive way, Mr. Kinder says, the ideal state is one of the Hawaiian word “aloha. ” The term does not simply mean hello or goodbye, he says, but in the truest sense stands for “the process of passing a blessing from one person to another. ” Mitch Anthony, author of “The New Retirementality” (Wiley, 2008) says your   should start with the question, “What am I wired for?” which involves taking an “inventory of who you are. ” Mr. Anthony’s principles are geared around one’s aptitudes and having active pursuits that involve the mind, body and spirit. Translating that into concrete actions can be challenging. Retired professionals may be able to continue to do what they were doing, but now as   or consultants. Others may be able to apply their analytic, management or organizational skills in     settings. Still others may want to strike out in entirely new directions. “It’s never an easy answer,” Mr. Anthony says of   in retirement. “You need to take stock of things that resound with you  —   that stir you up. ” Through Mr. Anthony’s process of discovering engagement, it is possible to isolate the activities that you are already doing  —   or could be doing  —   that make you feel most alive, creative, happy and connected to others. Finding a balance between the myriad components of our lives certainly takes some adjustment. Mary Zimmerman, a financial and life planner in the Phoenix area who has worked with the Gees, said one of the most important goals she discussed with them was to “find your humanity and sanity. ” “There’s often so much anxiety in retirement,” Ms. Zimmerman says. “How do we allow ourselves to be at ease? How can we be comfortable?” These questions lead into an exploration of what makes us tick and how we can find our best selves. By no means is this a seamless transition for most. The rough patches may come early and often. It’s hard to break the routine and inertia of a career. You may have to become a “lite” version of your   self to bridge the gap. Like many, Ms. Gee says that her   and identification were intimately linked to her work, a common problem with retirees seeking a new role. Some professionals find it unnervingly difficult not to be a banker, doctor, lawyer or engineer anymore. “The myth of retirement is that you have to leave that all behind,” Mr. Anthony said. You don’t. Once you shatter the conventions of a   retirement, Mr. Anthony says, it’s like “breaking through the gravity barrier. You’re on the path to contentment. ” Admittedly, seeking what Viktor Frankl, a Holocaust survivor who was a renowned neurologist and psychiatrist, called the “will to meaning” is one of the most challenging parts not just of retirement planning but of living your life to the fullest. You don’t have to do it alone, though. You can find a coach, mentor or life planner. Consider a certified life coach, who, like a planner, works    to help you walk through a life plan Mr. Kinder’s organization, Kinder Institute, also has a search engine to find life planners throughout the world. Rates for this service vary from as little as $200 to as much as $10, 000 a month for   executive coaches. Some retirees may have a clear idea of how they want to define their lives while others may take months to discern a path. Certified financial planners may also provide this assistance in the course of comprehensive hourly or   financial planning. The universe of financial planners who have had specific life planning or life coaching training, though, is small. To date, about 2, 000 planners have taken the Kinder Institute’s training and 350 have qualified for the registered life planner designation. That’s out of an industry of more than 74, 000 professionals holding the certified financial planning certificate. Even if you find the process emotionally nettlesome  —   most do  —   you can figure out life goals on your own and create your route for finding purpose and meaning. One way to start is by asking if there’s a need for your service within your family or community. You may spend time with relatives who need you in a caregiving or educational role. Another approach is to   some community activities that you feel most comfortable with and that provide social engagement as well. Others seek out social, environmental or political causes or a nonprofit activity that revolves around doing good, not just doing well. Sometimes the quest for inner meaning may be right in front of you. For Mr. Gee, it was family that called to him. He wanted to help a niece and spend time with his mother, who is 86, infirm and living alone in his native England. She could not relocate to the United States. Let’s be honest: Those pursuing the   process tend to be financially secure already. You can’t be nimble with life decisions if you are constantly worried that market volatility will blister your investments. That’s why it’s important to thoroughly vet your portfolio, estate plan and cash needs. A certain level of comfort is almost a keystone for most people before embarking on an existential exploration. Once you cross that barrier, though, almost anything is possible. “It’s not about being busy,” Mr. Anthony said. “It’s about being engaged. ”",0
13212,"""Allahu Akbar, the Russians are here!"": Aleppo terrorists flee Russian airstrike (VIDEO)","November 7, 2016 - Fort Russ News -  RusVesna - translated by J. Arnoldski -  


Militants in Syria have filmed their “meeting” with Russian air forces in Aleppo.  
In the footage released, the bandits are heating themselves by a small fire before one of them says that a Russian fighter is approaching. The militant says “Allahu akbar, the Russians are here!” The rest of the group begin to look up in the sky as the roar of Russian military aircraft is suddenly heard above them.  

The terrorists then run in terror and disperse in different directions, falling onto the ground and dropping their dishes.  



     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
13213,"More Men Are Taking ‘Women’s’ Jobs, Usually Disadvantaged Men - The New York Times","Even as women moved into men’s jobs, in fields like medicine, law and business, men did not flock to the   jobs that women mostly did. That’s changing. Over the last 15 years, according to a new study, men have been as likely to move into predominantly female jobs as the other way around  —   but not all men. It’s those who are already disadvantaged in the labor market: black, Hispanic, less educated, poor and immigrant men. While work done by women continues to be valued less, the study demonstrates, job opportunities divide not just along gender lines but also by race and class. At the same time, the women who have continued to make inroads into more prestigious   professions in that period are likely to be white, educated,   and married, according to the research, which is not yet published. “More privileged men can resist entry into predominantly female occupations more readily than their less privileged counterparts,” said Patricia A. Roos, a sociologist at Rutgers, who did the study with Lindsay M. Stevens, a sociology doctoral student there. The gender composition of jobs matters for reasons of equality  —   fields with a majority of men pay 21 percent more than those with mostly women. Also, the   jobs are dominated by women, while the   ones are predominately male. The jobs that have become more female are generally professional or managerial ones, the study found. Some examples of     jobs done mostly by men in 2000 that had an increased share of women by 2014: supervisors of scientists, which had 19 percent more women, podiatrists with 8 percent more and chief executives with 5 percent more. Jobs that were mostly female in 2000 and have become more male are   jobs. The share of women who work in stores selling products and answering customer questions fell 10 percent the share for crossing guards and counter clerks each fell 7 percent, and for textile workers it fell 5 percent. Men are much less likely to have moved into the   professions that are majority women, like nursing and high school teaching (they became more male by about 2 percent between 2000 and 2014.) The share of women grew slightly in two   professions, social worker and librarian. Race, ethnicity and gender have always contributed to who does what work. Women have typically entered occupations when men find better ones, and immigrants have filled the ones women left behind. In the 1800s, according to previous research by Ms. Roos and Barbara Reskin of the University of Washington, Irish men replaced   white women in textile mills. The women moved to   jobs like teaching  —   which   white men were leaving. The current patterns reflect widening inequality as a whole, said Leslie McCall, associate director of the Stone Center on Socioeconomic Inequality at CUNY, who was not involved in the new research but said it was consistent with past findings. She said it shows that policy makers who want to improve jobs should focus not on gender or race, but on general working conditions at the bottom of the income ladder. “People are focusing too much on the white, male working class,” she said, “but if you look at the working class more broadly, the issues are quite similar across all groups: wages, economic security, employment support, training. ” The Rutgers researchers used census data to track 448 occupations. Occupations were considered male or female if they had more than 60 percent of one sex in 2000, and they were considered to have masculinized or feminized if the percentage of men or women changed by at least 4 percent by 2014. This happened in 27 percent of occupations. Health care showed some of the most striking changes: Every health care job except one is more female than in 2000. (The exception is radiation therapists: from 72 percent female to 65 percent.) The share of female dentists, optometrists and veterinarians each increased by more than 10 percent. The majority of doctors are still men, but women have become the majority in some health care specialties, including pharmacists and veterinarians. Men’s movement into   women’s jobs since 2000 is partly a result of the hollowing out of   jobs in fields like clerical and manufacturing work, which was described by the economist David Autor. Women were hit harder  —   female employment in those jobs fell 16 percent from 1979 to 2007, compared with 7 percent for men. But women almost uniformly moved into   jobs, while men were more likely to move into     jobs. Other research has found that men resist     work, and those who end up in the   of those jobs, like nurses’ aides who bathe patients and change bedding, are already disadvantaged in the labor market because of race and class. Sociologists have described the phenomenon as a trap door these men drop into less desirable jobs. At all levels of work, it seems, white Americans have more choices.",0
13214,Only Making Matters Worse in Syria,"Only Making Matters Worse in Syria October 28, 2016 
Exclusive: Washington’s foreign policy establishment is determined to escalate U.S. military attacks in Syria even though that won’t resolve the conflict and will only get more people killed, a dilemma addressed by Daniel Lazare. 
By Daniel Lazare 
Middle East policy has reached an inflexion point, a moment when Official Washington seems to be caught in the middle between escalation and retreat. 
On one hand, the rhetoric has not been more militant since Hillary Clinton’s famous “we came, we saw, he died” moment in October 2011. With Barack Obama halfway out the door and Clinton all but crowned, Washington’s laptop bombardiers are rejoicing that the half-measures are over and judgment day nearly at hand. Samantha Power, Permanent Representative of the United States to the UN, addresses the Security Council meeting on Syria, Sept. 25, 2016. Power has been an advocate for escalating U.S. military involvement in Syria. (UN Photo) 
Thus, The New York Times assures us that that the Middle East is “desperate for American leadership” while the Washington Post reports that “the Republicans and Democrats who make up the foreign policy elite are laying the ground work for a more assertive American foreign policy.” 
Leading think tanks are publishing “a flurry of reports” urging stepped-up intervention, including U.S.-backed “safe zones to protect moderate rebels from Syrian and Russian forces” and even “limited” cruise-missile strikes. But while differing on the details, all agree something must be done. The time to act is now. 
As Vox puts it: “The hot new policy idea in Washington is the hottest old idea: direct US military intervention in Syria’s civil war.” 
But reading between the lines, a very different picture emerges, a realization that the U.S. has painted itself into a corner and that there is little it can do after all. Thus, the Times observes that while the Middle East is clamoring for U.S. leadership, it is not clamoring for Bush-style intervention but for some mythical “middle ground” in between him and Obama. 
While reporting that pro-escalation sentiment is unanimous in Washington’s vast foreign-policy establishment – sometimes known as “ the blob ” – the Washington Post notes that “even pinprick cruise-missile strikes designed to hobble the Syrian air force or punish [President Bashar al-]Assad would risk a direct confrontation with Russian forces” and wonders whether a war-weary public will support any intervention at all. 
“My concern is that we may be talking to each other and agreeing with each other,” it quotes one expert as saying, “but that these discussions are isolated from where the public may be right now.” 
Official Washington in a Bubble 
Thus, even the Establishment worries that it lives in a bubble. Washington wants war, it needs war, and yet it admits in practically the same breath that it can’t have it. So what will it do? A heart-rending propaganda image designed to justify a major U.S. military operation inside Syria against the Syrian military. 
Then there are the mild liberals over at Vox, the hip and successful Washington website founded by journalistic wunderkind Ezra Klein. Voxers pride themselves on being sharp and practical yet in the end they are sealed off as well. The poster boy for this tendency is Zack Beauchamp, a young writer who stars in a recent Vox video entitled, “ The crisis in Aleppo, explained in 4 minutes .” 
As Beauchamp lectures away amid fancy graphics and cool background music, the video faithfully toes the Washington line, both the stirring gung-ho part and the downbeat refrain that inevitably follows. Thus, he describes the Syrian civil war as a “story of flip-flops,” with Assad seemingly on the ropes until Iran and Russia put him back on his feet, at which point the Saudis and Qataris put the rebels back on their feet so the game can continue. 
But the real turning point, he says, occurred in September 2015 when Russia stepped in with airstrikes that allowed the government to besiege the Salafists in eastern Aleppo. 
“A siege,” Beauchamp then explains, “involves trapping a group of people, civilians and fighters both, inside a certain territory and denying them supplies until they can no longer fight. Assad’s strategy has a vicious logic to it. When you deprive people of food and you bomb them over and over again, they’re likely to give in just to make the fighting stop.” 
The upshot, he says, is “a humanitarian crisis … roughly 250,000 people trapped in the city … running dangerously low on supplies, access to clean water and medicine.” So what should the U.S. do in response? The video’s tone at this point turns pessimistic and then pitch black: 
“The United States has the military power to break the siege of Aleppo,” Beauchamp says, “but doing so would be extremely dangerous. For one thing, it would need to coordinate with rebels on the ground, some of whom are extremists. For another, it means that the US would be operating in hostile air space with Russian planes.If the US were to engage with Russian planes, that could theoretically mean direct fire between two nuclear-armed superpowers, a risk that very few people in the United States are willing to take. And three, even if the US did temporarily break the siege, it would have to maintain a commitment to insure that things didn’t get worse. That could mean an open-ended war. And there’s no guarantee that this would make anything better, but, rather, it might just get more people killed over the long run.” 
So U.S. options are zero: “Every diplomatic solution tried so far has failed, and failed miserably, and there’s simply no economic tool that can be used to end the fighting or ease the suffering of the people inside besieged territories. There’s no good answer. There’s nothing that anyone has that could simply solve the crisis. It’s a disaster and a disaster without any end in sight.” 
Falsehoods and Obfuscations 
Beauchamp’s explanation – which is really not an explanation at all, merely an assertion – is studded with falsehoods and obfuscations. By describing Assad’s strategy as uniquely “vicious,” he ignores obvious parallels between the Russian air campaign in Aleppo and U.S. air assaults on Fallujah , Tikrit , and Ramadi , all in central Iraq and all largely destroyed in the course of “liberating” them from ISIS. U.S.-backed Syrian “moderate” rebels smile as they prepare to behead a 12-year-old boy (left), whose severed head is held aloft triumphantly in a later part of the video. [Screenshot from the YouTube video] By referring to the events in Syria as a civil war, he fails to acknowledge the degree to which it is actually a foreign invasion by the U.S., Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and other Persian Gulf states. By repeatedly referring to the Salafists as “rebels” – which suggests that they are Syrians rising up from within – he ignores the fact that large numbers – 36,500, according to Director of National Intelligence James Clapper – are foreign-born.
While asserting that 250,000 people are trapped inside east Aleppo, he ignores reports that the real figure is far lower. The Guardian ’s Martin Chulov, for example, estimated in March 2015 that only 40,000 people remained in rebel-held areas while Vice News reported last July that “most of Aleppo’s residents have fled the city. There are just a handful of civilians and rebel fighters holding on in the shattered ruins.” 
Beauchamp also implies that it is the government that has “trapped” people in east Aleppo when reports in the London Independent and elsewhere indicate that Salafists are firing on anyone trying to take the government up on its offer of safe passage. While acknowledging that “some” fighters are “extremists,” he ignores the fact that the U.S. military has admitted that Al Nusra, the local branch of Al Qaeda, is firmly in charge. 
When Salafists launched a short-lived offensive in east Aleppo last summer, for instance, The New York Times reported that they named it in honor of Ibrahim al-Yousef, a Muslim Brotherhood member who led a horrendous massacre of Alawite military cadets in 1979. It was indicative of how anti-Alawite sectarianism of the most bloodthirsty sort is the common denominator underlying all anti-government factions. 
One could go on, but the point is clear. The foreign-policy establishment has not only cut itself off from the public but, with the help of sympathetic media outlets like Vox, has cut itself off from its own intellectual history. Incapable of examining the U.S. role in the Syrian debacle in an honest and straightforward way, it can only blunder about in the dark, staggering backward or forward as circumstances dictate. Now seems to be the moment when it is poised between the two. 
So how will the United States respond now that Washington is preparing for a transition between Obama-style abstention and Hillary-style neo-conservatism? Here’s is one reporter’s modest attempt at reading the tea leaves: 
Washington will continue to fume as the catastrophe deepens in both Syria and Iraq. As the drive to push ISIS (also known as ISIL, Islamic State, and Daesh) out of Mosul in northern Iraq degenerates into ethno-sectarian warfare among Turks, Sunni Arabs, Shi‘ites, and Kurds, the drive to take back Raqqa, ISIS’s capital in north-central Syria will similarly falter as fighting breaks out between pro-Turkish forces and Kurdish People’s Protection Units, or YPG. 
The fall of east Aleppo, which now seems to be a foregone conclusion, will drive the foreign-policy establishment to a fury. Obama may be able to hold the hawks off. But by the time he leaves office, “the blob” will be in an uproar and demanding that something be done. Map of Syria. 
With that, Zack Beauchamp will star in another Vox video entitled, “U.S. military intervention in Syria, explained in 4 minutes.” In it, he’ll tell how Russian atrocities in Aleppo, plus backhanded Syrian government support for ISIS, leave the U.S. no choice but to launch a swarm of cruise missiles at Syrian military facilities. 
When Russian soldiers are killed, he’ll try to shift blame to Vladimir Putin for stirring up trouble in the eastern Ukraine or the Baltics. He’ll note that dissent is limited to a few cranky websites and far-left groups, all of which can be safely ignored since they’re not part of the mainstream. Russia will then counter-attack, leading to … no one knows. 
While anything can go wrong with this scenario, one thing is clear. The mood in Official Washington is the opposite of 2003 when all the “experts” agreed that an invasion of Iraq would be a walk in the park. Now they’re filled with trepidation. But they’re still trying to talk themselves into an escalation and may succeed. If the election goes as expected, the Clinton II presidency will be an interesting one. 
Daniel Lazare is the author of several books including The Frozen Republic: How the Constitution Is Paralyzing Democracy (Harcourt Brace).",0
13215,Secret Documents Apparently Reveal A Senior U.S. Senator Reported Of Witnessing Two UFOs,"Three U.S. government officials deemed to be highly reliable reported witnessing two UFOs hovering near a train line. The report of the sightings was filed 61 years ago, but their supporters allegedly covered up the said report.
Alien researchers obtained formerly confidential files that detail senior Senator Richard B. Russell and two aides’ account about seeing two flying saucers taking off.
During a fact-finding mission to Russia, Sen. Russell was on a Soviet-era train. He was a chairman of the Armed Services Committee and considered as one of the most influential U.S. senators. He died after serving for 38 years in 1971.
According to the documents obtained by the Fund for UFO Research (FUFOR), Sen. Russell was in the Transcaucasus region with his two aides at around 7 p.m. on October 4, 1955, when the incident took place.

He reportedly spotted two disc-shaped UFOs when he looked out of the window. These UFOs were taking off from a place close to the railway tracks, according to the documents.
The documents further reveal that the senator called over aide Lt. Col. Hathaway and interpreter Ruben Efron to look out of the window as well. Both of them also saw the two craft taking off.
The senator and the aides reported the sighting to U.S. Embassy in Prague, in Czechoslovakia, and U.S. Air Force, but the account was apparently kept strictly confidential.
The documents disclose that air attaché at the embassy, Lt. Col. Thomas Ryan, filed a top secret Air Force intelligence report on the senator and aides’ sighting on October 14, 1955, after meeting the trio.
The filed top secret report states that Lt. Col. Hathaway told Lt. Col. Ryan that the trio saw a disc ascending almost vertically at a relatively slow speed. The outer space of the UFO revolved slowly to the right, to an altitude of approximately 6,000 feet. Its speed increased sharply as it flew north. The second unidentified flying disc was seen about a minute later performing similar actions. About 1 to 2 miles south of the rail line was the take- off area.
CIA agents also interviewed the trio and a fourth unidentified witness.
The documents reveal that Mr. Efron described the visibility as excellent and the UFOs glide without any noise heard and exhaust glow or trail seen.
The fourth unidentified individual stated that one UFO had a white light on top and a slight dome.
All witnesses claimed that the disc had a pinkish-white glow and ascended in a vertical manner with the glow moving slowly in a clockwise direction around the perimeter, providing a pinwheel appearance.
On October 18, 1955, U.S. Secretary of State John Foster Dulles was briefed, and the FBI penned a memo on November 4, stating that Lt. Col. Hathaway’s testimony would support the existence of a flying saucer.
The men remain their silence publicly, but details were leaked to a Los Angeles Examiner reporter who approached Senator Russell.
The senator’s response to journalist Tom Towers was that he already discussed the matter with the affected government agencies and they thought it wasn’t wise to publicize the issue at that time. The senator refused to divulge further details to the reporter.
The Air Force, FBI, and the CIA documents remained confidential for 30 years before being declassified in 1985, but their details emerged only after FUFOR obtained the documents under a Freedom of Information Act request.
FUFOR chairman, Dr. Bruce Maccabee, said these long-secret documents show for the first time that a powerful U.S. senator saw and reported a UFO. He believes that the witnesses were prevented from talking about the incident. The chairman added that these documents reveal the CIA took the UFO report seriously.

Source: Latest UFO Sightings 
",0
13216,Anti-Black Slur in Stamford Is Painted Over After Two Months - The New York Times,"As mysteriously as an   slur appeared on a house in Stamford, Conn. in January, it was covered over this week, officials said. What the house’s residents did after the   slur first appeared caused as much of a stir as the graffiti itself. The residents, Heather Lindsay, who is white, and Lexene Charles, who is black, defied a directive by the city to cover it up because they wanted to make a  point publicly about intolerance. The slur was discovered on the Saturday before Martin Luther King’s Birthday. After it had been up for three weeks, the city issued a citation for blight and warned the couple that they faced a fine of $100 a day. The police chief visited the home and offered to clean the slur, which was sprawled across a garage door. The mayor said he would help. The couple refused their offers and ignored the citation. Sometime late Tuesday night or early Wednesday morning, someone covered the graffiti with black paint, Libby Carlson, a spokeswoman for Mayor David R. Martin, said in an interview on Thursday night. The covered graffiti was discovered on Wednesday morning and reported to the city. The police canvassed neighbors, who said they had not seen who painted over the slur, Ms. Carlson said. The investigation about who painted the slur in January remains open, she said. Neither Mr. Charles nor Ms. Lindsay could be reached to comment on Thursday evening. Ms. Carlson said the city would not fine them for failing to address the graffiti. Stamford, a diverse coastal city about 30 miles northeast of New York City, and the couple have tussled over blight before. After a citation in 2012 for debris at the property, the city sued Ms. Lindsay for disregarding the notice. The fees, which continued to accumulate, exceeded $130, 000. Ms. Carlson said the mayor, the city’s lawyer and the couple were to meet on Friday in an effort to resolve that case. The city was trying to acquire the property in a foreclosure lawsuit set to go to trial next week. The couple had said the graffiti was the latest in a string of racially motivated insults directed at them, especially Mr. Charles, a Haitian immigrant. Ms. Lindsay said that since they moved into the house in 1999, several people yelled racial obscenities at him and told them that they hurt property values. Jack Bryant, the president of the Stamford N. A. A. C. P. said in an interview on Thursday night that he had met with city officials about not fining the couple. He noted that “no one has been brought to justice” for the slur, which he considered to be an isolated incident. “I don’t want people to look at Stamford as a racist town,’’ he said, “because it isn’t. ”",0
13217,Ed Helms To Host ‘Fake News with Ted Nelms’ Special for Comedy Central,"Actor Ed Helms is set to produce and host a new comedy special titled The Fake News with Ted Nelms for Comedy Central. [Deadline Hollywood reports that the actor’s special will focus on a number of fake, satirical news stories presented by an absurd looking,   news anchor played by Helms, who is perhaps best known for his roles in the television series The Office and the raunchy comedy The Hangover.  TFN will reportedly take on the guise of a legitimate news station, not unlike CNN or Fox News, but will deliver ludicrous stories in a deadpan comedic style. As well as presenting TFN as Ted Nelms, Helms will executive produce along with Mike Falbo through their Pacific Electric Picture Company. Helms was briefly reuinted with his Daily Show   Jon Stewart, Samantha Bee, John Oliver, and Rob Corddry earlier this month in a   segment on The Late Show With Stephen Colbert. A release date for Helms’ comedy special has not yet been announced. It is also unclear whether the show will have a particular political slant, though the title does appear to be based on a phrase popularized by President Donald Trump.   Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
13218,"Scheduled Flights to Cuba From U.S. Begin Again, Now With Jet Engines - The New York Times","FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla.  —   Amid live Cuban music, fresh guava pastries and a water cannon salute, the first scheduled passenger jet service in history between Cuba and the United States began on Wednesday with a 9:45 flight from here to Santa Clara, east of Havana. The flight on JetBlue, the first regularly scheduled flight from the United States to Cuba in more than 50 years, was another important step toward normalized relations between two former Cold War foes, which promises to sharply reduce airfares and ease travel between the nations. It had been so long since an airline in the United States flew a regularly scheduled flight to the island that the last time it happened, the passengers flew on a propeller plane. Erik Díaz Oliva, 41, choked back tears as he described the significance of flying on the first scheduled flight to his home country after eight years away. “I got here at 5 a. m. and was the first to check in everyone started to cheer!” Mr. Díaz said. “To the people who say these flights don’t help: Yes, it does help. It opens Cuba to the world. ” The scheduled air service was the latest in a string of important changes between the nations since President Obama decided in 2014 to restore diplomatic relations with Cuba. Embassies were opened, direct mail service was restored and Carnival Cruise Line ships have sailed to Cuba. Other moves, like ferry service and the building in Cuba of an American company’s tractor assembly plant, were authorized by the Obama administration, but were stalled by the Cuban government. “Today opens the door to further exchange between the American people and the Cuban people,” Anthony Foxx, the United States transportation secretary, said in an interview. “We think that’s ultimately good for the expansion of freedom and democracy. ” Mr. Foxx was among the inaugural flight’s 150 passengers, which included more than two dozen journalists and assorted dignitaries. “This is a novelty for me, to be able to fly direct without having to travel to a third country,” said Orestes García Vásquez, 68, who was traveling from Villa Clara to South Florida. “This allows me to save time and money. ” Cuba and the United States agreed to allow up to 90 daily   flights between the two nations, the Department of Transportation said. Six airlines have been approved for flights to nine Cuban cities other than Havana, but not all of them have announced their schedules. Mr. Foxx said far more airlines had expressed interest in flying to Havana, the capital, than could be accommodated. “I haven’t seen anything like it,” he said. On Wednesday, the Department of Transportation announced that Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines would operate the coveted Havana flights. The airlines will fly from Atlanta Charlotte, N. C. Fort Lauderdale Houston Los Angeles Miami Newark New York Orlando, Fla. and Tampa, Fla. Calling it “good pressure,” Mr. Foxx acknowledged that Cuba would have to improve its airport infrastructure to be able to handle the increased flow of airlines. The country is notorious for poor airport facilities, and passengers often endure hourslong waits because baggage carousels or staircases needed to disembark are tied up. José Ramón Cabañas Rodríguez, Cuba’s ambassador to the United States, said the country’s 10 international airports were safe and secure and had fielded nearly 5, 000 charter flights from the United States last year. He added that the flight on Wednesday was yet another first for the two countries announced in the past few months. “We hope that in the near future, all remaining obstacles that limit further exchange between the two countries will be removed,” he said, referring to the American trade embargo, which remains in place. For passengers, the difference will be immense. Until now, people flying to Cuba had to book charter flights, which meant passengers had to arrive at the airport four hours before takeoff and were charged steep fees for luggage. Prices were high, lines were long and flights were often hours late. The document review process was   and passengers stood in separate lines to check in, check bags, have bags weighed and pay for the checked luggage. “The last time I went to Cuba, I paid $300 or $400 just for the luggage  —   absurd!” said Yosleidys Rodríguez, 39, who left Cuba less than two years ago for South Florida. “This is the best thing that could have happened. ” Now customers who qualify under the 12 authorized categories approved for travel can book flights directly on an airline’s website, and many have paid fares as low as $99 each way. JetBlue expects to have up to seven daily flights to Cuba, although most of them will go to cities other than Havana, like Holguín and Camagüey. They are set to begin in the fall. Silver Airways, a commuter airline, on Thursday will begin offering three weekly flights to Santa Clara, and later this year will start flights to Cienfuegos, Santiago de Cuba, Cayo Coco, Varadero, Cayo Largo and Manzanillo. American Airlines begins service on Sept. 7 to Cienfuegos and Holguín, and will expand to three more Cuban cities later in the year. Although the number of Americans flying to Cuba has been steadily increasing, experts say it is unlikely that the market will be able to bear such an abundance of seats. “There’s going to be a lot of seats on the market,” said Michael Zuccato of Cuba Travel Services, a charter company whose business is in peril now that consumers can book directly with airlines. “I do not believe the flights are going to be full. ” Marty St. George, the executive vice president of JetBlue, said the airline expected brisk business, particularly among Cubans visiting their families. “We do think it’s an important part of history,” Mr. St. George said. “From a challenge perspective, we know the drill. Cuba has some unique elements because of 50 years of history between the U. S. and Cuba, but we’re ready to go. ”",0
13219,"Kenyan refugee kills co-worker, self","Kenyan refugee kills co-worker, self 3 others shot by 'hard worker' fired from job Published: 13 mins ago 
ROANOKE, Va. (AP) — A refugee from Kenya killed one former co-worker, wounded three others and then killed himself Tuesday in a workplace shooting that authorities are still trying to unravel in Virginia, police said. 
Getachew Fekede, 53, had entered the U.S. through a refugee immigration program and worked for the railcar manufacturer FreightCar America before being fired in March when he stopped showing up for work, Roanoke Police Chief Tim Jones told reporters. 
A neighbor told the Associated Press that Fekede quit his job over being harassed by a co-worker. Clarence Jones said Fedeke would send money to his mother back in Kenya and had grown concerned about his finances.",0
13220,Report: More Citizens Saudi Arabia Have Joined Islamic State than Any Other Country,"The Sunni Islamic State ( ) has boasted that key U. S. Middle East ally Saudi Arabia is the top provider of terrorists for the jihadist group in Iraq, reports Fox News, citing Iraqi military sources. [Sunni Saudi Arabia shares an estimated    border with   Iraq.  Nevertheless, Fox News reports that the Saudi jihadists crossed into Iraq over the border the country shares with both Turkey and Syria. The news outlet learned from unnamed Iraqi intelligence sources that jihadist from the Saudi kingdom comprise nearly   (up to 30 percent) of all ISIS terrorists in Iraq, adding that “Saudis comprise the largest single contingent of ISIS fighters, with Russian Chechens making up the   contingent. ” Speaking to the news outlet on condition of anonymity, a   Iraqi intelligence officer said, “The Saudi presence in ISIS is very large. What we have left are mainly Iraqis and Saudis. ” “The Saudis make up a large number of suicide bombers, as they already have the ground work of radicalization installed in their minds from radical sheikhs in Saudi [Arabia]. And we’ve caught important ISIS commanders,” he added. Fox News points out that it has seen various   photographs and documents showing identification and credit cards of Saudi terrorists. The report comes nearly a month after an article by the Wall Street Journal (WSJ) revealed that President Donald Trump’s administration is considering forming a military alliance with major Middle East allies, including the Sunni Saudi kingdom, to combat Shiite Iran. President Trump’s   coalition would bring together Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE) Israel, Egypt, and Jordan. The Sharia   kingdom Saudi Arabia is regarded as a hotbed and top global exporter of radical Islamic thought, namely the Sunni extremist ideology of Wahhabism, adhered to by ISIS and various other jihadists groups. Saudi Arabia imposes extremely strict Islamic laws on its citizens. “Wahhabism was born in Saudi Arabia. Saudi is leading those extremist organizations like ISIS,” an anonymous Iraqi official told Fox News. “They have   officials and fighters among their ranks. Saudi is nothing without U. S. protection it is only a bite for Iran to eat. ” Sunni Saudi Arabia considers Shiite Iran its regional rival. Iran exerts tremendous influence over the   government of Iraq where militias backed by the Islamic Republic are fighting ISIS. Saudi Arabia is part of the U. S.  coalition against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. The Sunni kingdom, which has cracked down on the jihadist group within its borders, has also suffered attacks carried out by ISIS.",0
13221,VIDEO: Creepy Clown Gets Pistol-Whipped!,"
A prankster in Stockton, California is not laughing after an attempt to scare people in a creepy clown costume ended with a man pulling out his pistol and striking him on the side of his head.
Sadiq Mohammad, 20, decided that clowning around in Stockton attempting to scare unsuspecting people was a good idea. He is a professional prankster who runs an entertainment website called Hoodclips, which gets almost 7 million views daily.
“The numbers don’t lie, people love comedy. That’s why I have a lot of followers,” Mohammad said.

Mohammad decided to hide behind some bushes and jump out to scare a man who was walking by, he began to cry out, “It’s a prank,” but the man said the prank was not funny, and he approached him with his pistol drawn.
He was struck down to the ground, and he and his cameraman immediately ran away. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . ",0
13222,Chinese may become Russia’s second largest ethnic population by 2050 | Russia & India Report,"Chinese may become Russia’s second largest ethnic population by 2050 26 October 2016 TASS The number of unemployed people in China is more than the entire Russian population. Facebook russia , china , migration 
Experts predict a possible growth in the migration flow from China into Russia, by 2050 the Chinese may become the second largest population group in Russia, Scientific Director of the Center for Migration Research of the Institute of National Economic Prediction of Russia’s Academy of Science Zhanna Zayonchkovskaya said. 
""The number of unemployed people in China is more than the entire Russian population,"" she noted at an international conference at the North Caucasus Federal University in the Russian city of Stavropol, dubbed as ""Migration processes.""""If we maintain solid relations with China then I think by 2050 the Chinese may become the second largest population group in Russia and surpass the Central Asian populace as far as migration goes,"" the expert said. 
Zayonchkovskaya said the reason for this process was that after 2030 the migrant inflow from Central Asian countries would decline as a large part of young people had already left these countries to work or study in the neighboring states. 
Tajikistan and Uzbekistan are the main countries whose citizens come to Russia, Ukrainians migrate in large numbers, too. ""If we think of other countries from where migrant labor can be obtained, I can think of none other than China,"" Zayonchkovskaya noted, emphasizing that ""Russia will need foreign workers to ensure its economic development."" 
According to the expert, the changes in the pension legislation would not balance the situation given the decrease in the working-age population. ""Raising the retirement age will neither level out the demographic waves, nor will it solve the labor shortage problem, as it only solves the problem of the Pension Fund, though the demographic situation still remains problematic,"" Zayonchkovskaya added noting that according to the Federal Migration Service, the international migration flow into Russia in 2015 had amounted in 9.8 mln people. 
First published by TASS . ",0
13223,Watch: Steve Bannon Sworn in as President Trump Chief Strategist - Breitbart,"Sunday in East Room of the White House at the senior staff   ceremony, President Donald Trump’s chief strategist and senior counselor Steve Bannon was sworn in by Vice President Mike Pence.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo",0
13224,HILLARY’S (Islamic) AMERICA IS ALREADY HERE where ‘Muslim NO-GO ZONES’ are popping up all over Michiganistan,"HILLARY’S (Islamic) AMERICA IS ALREADY HERE where ‘Muslim NO-GO ZONES’ are popping up all over Michiganistan The rest of America may be agonizing over the security implications of taking in potential Islamic jihadists posing as refugees. But Syrian Muslim invaders are being welcomed with open arms in Hamtramck, Michigan – America’s first and only majority Muslim city. Non-Muslim residents in the Dearborn area are saying ‘You know, we’re getting ready to sell and get out of here.’” (Before property values tank as a result of the Muslim invasion with a mosque on every corner, blasting amplified Islamic Calls to Prayer several times a day) WND ( h/t Liz) Once 90 percent Polish Catholic, the blue-collar enclave just outside Detroit has been transformed by successive waves of immigrants from Bangladesh, Yemen and Bosnia. Muslims now outnumber non-Muslims, the council has a Muslim majority and the call to prayer echoes through the streets five times a day. “They’re setting this all up so they can continue their ancient squabbles that they have carried on for centuries in the Middle East right here your neighborhood,” Corcoran said. They call it “culture shift.” Places, in America, that no longer look or feel like America. (In Europe, they are referred to as NO-GO Zones) Cedar Riverside in Minneapolis fits the bill, with its large Somali community known as “Little Mogadishu,” as does and Hamtramck, Michigan, where the Islamic call to prayer is shouted over loudspeakers and the local city council is now majority-Muslim . Parts of Amarillo, Texas, have been flooded with so many Muslim refugees that some ethnic enclaves claim to have elected their own tribal leaders independent of the city government, the city’s mayor recently testified before the Texas Legislature . Then there is Dearborn, Michigan, which is now 40 percent Muslim and spilling over into neighboring cities and towns. Documentary filmmaker Dennis Michael Lynch recently drove through Dearborn, guided by a lifelong resident of the city named Brian (see video below). What Brian showed him was not just a culture shift but something closer to a shock. Women walk the streets dressed in long, black burqas that cover all but their eyes. Almost all the signs on storefronts are in Arabic or some other Middle Eastern dialect. Arab businessmen buy up commercial properties, force out the American tenants and replace them with similar businesses run by Muslims, Brian told Lynch in the documentary. The same phenomenon is now beginning to occur in nearby Sterling Heights, Troy, Oak Park and Clinton Township. In Sterling Heights, residents informed WND this week that Middle Eastern refugees are being housed in a local hotel owned by an Arab-American businessman. But in Dearborn, the tremendous growth in the Muslim community started more than 20 years ago, fueled by local universities and industry. Muslims voting for Muslims only “Brian still lives there. He’s not going anywhere,” Lynch told WND in an interview. “It depends on where you go in the city, but certain segments are 100 percent Muslim. Brian said to be prepared. We went through the areas, went shopping at the food mart. You really don’t feel like you are in America anymore.” Lynch said he was a regular contributor on Fox News between 2012 and 2015, until he started making hard-hitting documentaries on the U.S. immigration system. In certain areas in Dearborn. “You have two areas, and it’s almost like the Ford plants separate the two sides, and when you cross to the other side it’s totally radical again. We went to a park where kids were playing after school with the mothers all there, and everybody was dressed in full burqa. It was almost like it was Halloween. I’d never seen anything like it in my life.” Dearborn does not exist on an island. Residents of southeastern Michigan have every reason to expect their towns will one day look like Dearborn, Lynch said, thanks to President Obama’s Syrian refugee resettlement program, which Hillary Clinton says she’d like to expand by more than 500 percent. This is “Hillary’s America,” says a resident of nearby Rochester Hills who is one of the co-founders of SecureMichigan.org , a group that started up last year with the mission of helping educate Michiganders about Shariah law and Islamic settlements. He said the Islamization is literally moving from town to town in Oakland, Macomb and Wayne counties. “The Sterling Heights story is significant because we have these budding ‘Shariahvilles’ in Michigan,” he said. “We know there are refugees being planted. Now, in Rochester Hills, I’ve got five covered women walking down my street, and that’s never happened until two weeks ago.” In one 18-day period from Oct. 1 through Oct. 18, the U.S. State Department and its federal contractors have sent 199 Syrians to three counties in southeast Michigan – Oakland, Macomb and Wayne –and Oakland County leaders have not received any advance notice of the arrivals, said sources familiar with the growing controversy. The government contractors secretly planting the refugees in southeast Michigan are Lutheran Services/Samaritas, Catholic Charities of Southeast Michigan, USRI and Episcopal Migration Services. In Dearborn, the tremendous growth in the Muslim community started more than 20 years ago, fueled by local universities and industry. “Brian still lives there. He’s not going anywhere,” Lynch told WND in an interview. “It depends on where you go in the city, but certain segments are 100 percent Muslim. Brian said to be prepared. We went through the areas, went shopping at the food mart. You really Dearborn is but a harbinger of things to come for many more cities and towns across America if Hillary Clinton is elected president of the United States. “I think if she gets elected you’re going to see more immigration from Mideast countries than under any of the previous presidents including Obama, because she obviously has ties to those countries, getting an incredible amount of money donated from them,” Lynch said. “These donations come with strings. They come with side deals, and we don’t know what they are. It may be something as simple as ‘OK, we want to see more immigration from our country or some other country into the United States.’ Why else is there any need to increase the Syrian refugee settlements in America? There’s no reason. “If you look at all at the pay-for-play things, Muslims have said they want to spread Islam across the globe. The one country that doesn’t have that much of it is the United States.” Member of first Muslim-majority City Council warns: “Today we show the Polish”…thatMuslims are in charge. Within moments of winning the city’s election, an organizer involved in the government takeover was caught making ominous threats against non-Muslims in the city. HillaryDaily T his warning is no doubt troubling in its own right, but becomes even more unsettling when one pairs the comment with recent polling that suggests what Muslims would do should they take over any facet of government. Over half reject the first amendment, while 46% want blasphemers punished. 12% percent would even like to see those who commit blasphemy killed outright. Given their comments about the white population in the area, coupled with the sobering statistics outlined in the recent poll, it looks as if the city of Hamtramck, Michigan may be faced with a extremist city council under which they must be governed.",0
13225,"New Test of North Korean Missile Fails, South Says - The New York Times","SEOUL, South Korea  —   North Korea launched an   ballistic missile, but the test failed as the projectile exploded shortly after liftoff, the South Korean military said on Sunday. The North’s   missile, also known as the Musudan, took off at 12:33 p. m. on Saturday near an airfield in the northwestern city of Kusong, the South said in a statement. The test was the first involving the   since North Korea successfully launched the same missile in June. North Korea has had a spotty record with   test flights. The June launch was the first successful test after five failures. The projectile flew about 250 miles over the sea between North Korea and Japan, reaching an altitude of 878 miles. That test alarmed the United States and its allies in the region. Their defense officials said the missile’s launch at a sharp angle prevented it from falling too close to Japan but still demonstrated its potential to reach an estimated range of more than 2, 000 miles. The   is the North’s only tested missile with a range long enough to reach American military bases in Guam in the Pacific, and in South Korea and Japan. After the June test, the North Korean leader, Kim   boasted that his country had the capability to strike those bases. But the failure on Saturday indicated that North Korea has yet to perfect its   system. The   is a   missile, so it can be moved around the country and hidden in tunnels, making it more difficult to target in a   strike. North Korea has vowed to build a ballistic missile capable of striking the continental United States with a nuclear warhead. The North has never conducted a test flight for such a   missile. It conducted its fifth underground nuclear test on Sept. 9.",0
13226,Apple Misses Deadline for Tax Payment of $13.9 Billion to Ireland - Breitbart,"Tech giant Apple has not paid the $13. 9 billion owed to Ireland, according to the European Union. [Speaking to CNBC, EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said, “Well the recovery is not done yet but we have been working with the Irish authorizes and we can see that they are moving forward to do the recovery of the unpaid taxes. ”   Vestager explained some of the issues faced when trying to recoup the taxes, saying, “It’s a tricky thing to do because it’s a large sum so of course you have to figure out how to do that. It’s not as an escrow account in some of the other cases where it might be 25 or 30 million euros   …     and therefore I do respect that it’s a complicated matter and it may take a little more time. ” The EU Competition Commission ruled last year that Apple must pay $13. 9 billion owed to Ireland as it was found that the tech giant was paying as little as 0. 005 percent tax in Ireland in 2014. Apple had until January 3rd to pay the tax bill into an escrow account, a deadline which has since been missed.  A spokesperson from Ireland’s Ministry of Finance told CNBC, “We are continuing to make progress of the recovery from Apple with the full cooperation of the company and the EU Commission. The Commission are satisfied with the progress we are making. We have committed to complying with the decision and we fully intend doing that. ” Both Apple and Ireland are planning on fighting the EU decision in court. When asked for comment by CNBC, Ireland’s Finance Minister Michael Noonan said, “The appeal is in now and it’ll go to a European ordinary court first and then whoever loses will probably appeal it to the European Court of Justice. So you’re looking at a   time frame,   time frame. (A) slow bicycle race between the Apple case and Brexit seems to be emerging now. Let’s see which will reach the destination first. ” Noonan previously stated his disapproval of the EU’s ruling, telling CNBC in August, “We stand by the legitimacy of what was done in the past   …     we think the Commission is getting involved in what is the competence of sovereign governments in Europe. ”  “This is an approach through the back door to try and influence tax policy through competition law,” he said.  Speaking to the Irish Independent last year, Apple CEO Tim Cook said that the ruling was “total political crap” which has “no basis in law or in fact. ” Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
13227,Apostate Evangelicals Are Poised To Become The Deciding Factor In A Hillary Clinton Election Victory,"Posted on October 28, 2016 by Michael Snyder 
If you look at the numbers, there is no way that Hillary Clinton could possibly win the election without the support of a substantial percentage of evangelical Christian voters. In fact, if evangelical Christians stuck together they could pretty much elect whoever they want as president. According to the Pew Research Center, 35 percent of all adults in the United States identify themselves as “evangelical” or “born again”, and it has been estimated that there are 94 million evangelical Christian adults in this country. If evangelical Christians acted as a single voting block they could determine the outcome of every single presidential election. Unfortunately, that simply is not going to happen. 
A survey that was recently conducted by LifeWay Research found that only 45 percent of Christian evangelicals plan to vote for Donald Trump and 31 percent of Christian evangelicals plan to vote for Hillary Clinton. 
That same survey discovered that moral issues are becoming increasingly unimportant to evangelical voters… Overall, the economy is the top concern for Americans regardless of religious affiliation (30%). National security (17%) and personal character (17%) also are significant issues. Supreme Court nominees (10%), immigration (5%), religious freedom (2%), and abortion (1%) are less important . “For churchgoers and those with evangelical beliefs, their pocketbook and personal safety are paramount,” said McConnell. “Moral issues aren’t a priority for many of them.” 
I don’t know how in the world abortion could come in at only 1 percent. Even if you add “ Supreme Court nominees ” and abortion together, you still only get a total of 11 percent. 
This just shows that evangelicals in America have their priorities way out of order. 
And unfortunately for Donald Trump, he is getting a lot less support from evangelicals than other recent presidential candidates received. According to the New York Times , previous candidates have generally received about 80 percent support from white evangelical voters, but Donald Trump is only getting about 65 to 70 percent support, and his numbers among non-white evangelicals are absolutely dismal. 
If you are an evangelical Christian and you have reservations about Donald Trump, I can respect that. But there will be other names on the ballot and you do not have to vote for Hillary Clinton. As I have said before, a vote for Hillary Clinton is an act of unmitigated wickedness. 
Hillary Clinton has made support for abortion one of the central pillars of her long political career. In fact, I don’t know if there is any politician in America that is more associated with abortion than Hillary Clinton. Since Roe v. Wade was decided in 1973, more than 58 million babies have been murdered in the United States, and Hillary Clinton’s hands are drenched with their blood. 
If you vote for Hillary Clinton, your hands will be drenched with their blood too. 
Needless to say, I am absolutely horrified that so many prominent evangelical leaders have come out in support of Hillary Clinton during this election season. For example, a group that represents over 6,000 Latino evangelical churches has just announced that they are endorsing Hillary Clinton … 
An organization representing more than 6,000 Latino evangelical churches in the U.S. is endorsing Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump. 
In a statement Thursday, the group OPEN USA says Clinton has proven her willingness to engage in difficult conversations, listen to contrasting opinions and engage faith leaders. 
Meanwhile, 75 evangelical leaders recently signed a petition on Change.org that strongly denounces Donald Trump… 
We, undersigned evangelicals, simply will not tolerate the racial, religious, and gender bigotry that Donald Trump has consistently and deliberately fueled, no matter how else we choose to vote or not to vote. 
One of the truly alarming trends that we have been seeing this election season is the number of prominent women in the evangelical movement that are openly rejecting Donald Trump and embracing Hillary Clinton. The following is a short excerpt from a recent Washington Post article that examined this phenomenon… 
When Jen Hatmaker speaks to stadiums full of Christian women, she regales them with stories about her five children and her garden back in Austin, Tex. — and stays away from politics. But recently she took to Facebook and Instagram to blast Donald J. Trump as a “national disgrace,” and remind her legions of followers that there are other names on the ballot in November. 
And Christianity Today recently published an editorial from one of the top female evangelical leaders in the entire country in which she publicly endorsed Hillary Clinton. According to Christianity Today, Deborah Fikes is “the former Permanent Representative to the United Nations for World Evangelical Alliance, which represents a constituency of 650 million with alliance offices in 129 countries.” Fikes says that she stepped down from some of her leadership positions so that she could openly advocate for Clinton … My recent resignations from evangelical leadership positions to endorse Hillary Clinton speaks volumes of how important I believe it is that she is elected in November. The toxic tone and atmosphere that surrounds Mr. Trump and is fueled among his supporters has done irreparable damage to not only our country and the future of the GOP but also to the public witness of evangelicals in America who are seen as some of his biggest supporters. There is no question in my mind or spirit that with the overwhelming challenges the next American president will face, Hillary Clinton is the most qualified person who has ever run for the Oval Office . On the issues of our national security, economic stability, seeing that healthcare reform continues to move forward, and tackling domestic challenges of poverty, inequality, and racism, we need her to be the person occupying this office. 
A lot of these women seem to think that abortion shouldn’t be a major issue in this election, but that is like saying that the Holocaust shouldn’t have been a major issue in Nazi Germany. 
Look, you don’t have to vote for Donald Trump or anyone else to be a good Christian. 
But if you cast a vote for Hillary Clinton, you are casting a vote for the most evil, wicked and corrupt politician that this nation has possibly ever seen, and you are publicly endorsing the sinful positions that she is proud to stand for. 
I know that I have been writing about the election a lot lately , but I feel that it is very important that I do so. Most of the media coverage has focused on Donald Trump , but I feel that this election is far more about Hillary Clinton. The things that her and her husband have done have been well documented, and if the American people willingly choose her they will know exactly what they are doing. 
Unfortunately, not even Christians are standing united against the Clintons. The political divide in the evangelical Christian world has grown so deep that it has even reached Liberty University. The following comes from the Atlantic … 
That’s why it was such a big deal when, two weeks ago, a group of Liberty students put out a letter explaining why they’re standing against the Republican presidential nominee. Jerry Falwell Jr., who has run the school since his father died in 2007, announced his support for Donald Trump back in January, and he has since spoken on the candidate’s behalf in interviews and at events. “We are Liberty students who are disappointed with President Falwell’s endorsement and are tired of being associated with one of the worst presidential candidates in American history,” the students wrote. “Donald Trump does not represent our values and we want nothing to do with him.” 
Thousands of people signed onto the letter, including, the students said, roughly 2,000 students or alumni with liberty.edu email addresses.Dustin Wahl and Alex Forbes, two of the letter’s authors, were featured on MSNBC and CNN. They said they received supportive emails and tweets from Russell Moore, the head of the political arm of the Southern Baptist Convention, and Erick Erickson, the conservative radio-show host. 
And the support for Clinton is particularly strong among young adult evangelicals. When I read the following paragraph on the website of the New York Times , I was absolutely astounded… 
Kate Shellnutt, 30, the online editor of Christianity Today and editor of the CT Women section, said she had observed that “the millennial generation has a lot less patience for Trump.” Of the 33 influential millennial evangelicals she profiled for a cover story two years ago, she says she can now find only one, Lila Rose, who is pro-Trump, and even she has been publicly critical of him . Several have been using the hashtag #NeverTrump, Ms. Shellnutt said. 
The frightening thing is that this election might be the last chance for evangelical Christians to shape the political direction of this nation, because the truth is that demographics are rapidly shifting, and this includes the demographics of the evangelical community … 
As Robert Jones has expertly documented in his recent book The End of White Christian America , the number of older, conservative, white male evangelicals is shrinking each year. Meanwhile, the number of younger evangelicals of all ethnic backgrounds — whose moral and political views extend far beyond positions on gay marriage and abortion — is on the rise. 
If you follow my work regularly, then you already know that I have very little hope for the future of America. 
But if Hillary Clinton is elected, there will be exactly zero hope. 
If evangelical Christians stood united, they could stop her, but at this point it appears that is not going to happen. 
Courtesy of Michael Snyder Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
13228,Clinton Is the Most Dangerous Person Alive – An Interview with Edward S. Herman,"2016 presidential campaign by Ann Garrison 
The just-concluded election revealed as much about the corporate media, which has broken every rule of journalism to support Hillary Clinton, and the fraudulence of much of the American Left, which turns out to have no real problem with war or capitalism, than it did about the candidates, themselves. Edward Herman is an exception, a genuine man of the Left. He says “a vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for war with Syria and Russia.” Clinton Is the Most Dangerous Person Alive – An Interview with Edward S. Herman by Ann Garrison 
“ The election of Hillary Clinton might threaten a democratic order as much as a Trump victory.” 
Ann Garrison: Earlier this year, you told me that you differ with Noam Chomsky, your co-author of Manufacturing Consent and other books, in that you plan to vote for the Green Party's presidential and vice presidential candidates Jill Stein and Ajamu Baraka in the swing state of Pennsylvania. Are you still planning to do so? 
Edward S. Herman: Yes. 
AG: Can you explain why? 
ESH: Because the two duopoly candidates are dangerous to societal and international welfare and even survival. Hillary Clinton is a neo-liberal and pre-eminent war-monger. I think she is the most dangerous person living in the world today, given her highly likely election victory and her likely performance as president. She represents the corporate elite and military-industrial complex more clearly than Trump and she is a follow-on to Bush and Obama. She will pursue similar policies except for her somewhat more aggressive bent. 
Trump is a self-promoting windbag, racist and dangerous, unpredictable phony. We have a ghastly choice in these two. Jill Stein offers a protest opportunity, more so than not voting. On the line that either voting for Stein or not voting would constitute a vote for Trump, one might argue that a vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for war with Syria and Russia and a vote for Netanyahu (and hence for escalated violence in Palestine). 
AG: Hillary Clinton and John Podesta's e-mail has revealed that Hillary Clinton is well aware that the Saudi and Qatari rulers - not rogue elements - fund ISIS, and the same Saudi and Qatari rulers fund the Clinton Foundation. Throughout the last George Bush's presidency, there were innumerable headlines that ""Saudi oil sheikhs met with George Bush on his Crawford, Texas ranch."" What are your thoughts on that? 
ESH: Saudi Arabia is a US ally and an instrument of the warfare state. Hillary Clinton has treated its leaders warmly and she will continue to do so as president. The Clinton Foundation's receipt of money from Saudi and Qatari leaders is a first class conflict of interest and outrage, but the media have focused on the many less important abuses of Trump, helping cover over the outrages of their preferred candidate, Hillary Clinton, and her husband, Bill Clinton. 
AG: What do you think of Clinton's statement that she would make removing Bashar Al-Assad her top priority? And Trump's statement that he would not, because that would recklessly risk confrontation with Russia? 
ESH: Hillary Clinton has essentially promised to escalate war in Syria and is therefore promising to go to war with Russia as well. Diana Johnstone has made the case that Hillary Clinton plans to try to bring about ""regime change"" in Russia (cite). This is of course incredibly dangerous and would have aroused a really democratic media, but the existing media are part of the war system, hence Hillary Clinton's commitment to wars is essentially suppressed. Trump has made a number of statements along the lines of reducing US interventions and commitments abroad and trying to deal with Russia in a less confrontational manner, but he has sometimes contradicted himself by urging expanded arms, use of nuclear weapons, etc. But Hillary Clinton has said nothing that would offset her war-mongering. This difference from Trump may help explain the intensity of media hostility to Trump. 
AG: Jill Stein has said that ""wars for oil are blowing back at us wth a vengeance"" and that she would cut the military budget by half, close most of the foreign bases, and redirect resources into a Green New Deal that would fully employ Americans building sustainable energy and agricultural infrastructure. I can't imagine you disagree, but do you think it's important for the Greens to articulate such a vision at the national and international level, instead of focusing solely on local races that they might win? 
ESH: The Greens don't have the resources to compete in many local elections. So she is wise to focus on the big national and international issues. Furthermore, the real gap in the political system is the lack of opposition to national neoliberal and militaristic policies. It is said that she can't make a bigger mark given the hegemony of the duopoly, but even Ralph Nader couldn't get 5 percent of the vote. The system still works well, for the 1%. 
AG : Michael Moore has made a movie called ""Trumpland"" and warned that Trump's election would be the end of the United States , assuming that would be a bad thing. David Swanson, author of ""War Is a Lie,"" has imagined the same but argued, in "" Secession, Trump, and the Avoidability of Civil War ,"" that the break-up of the United States is not the worst possibility on the horizon. Do you have any thoughts on this? 
ESH: Michael Moore is completely oblivious to the fact that the enlarging war that is likely to follow Hillary Clinton's election threatens not only a nuclear exchange but also attacks on civil liberties and the march toward fascism. In its own way, the election of Hillary Clinton might threaten a democratic order as much as a Trump victory. The anti-Trump hysteria has tended to block out consideration of the Hillary Clinton menace. 
AG: Is there anything else you'd like to say about why you're voting for Jill Stein and Ajamu Baraka? 
ESH: I've always believed in the moral rule laid down in the categorical imperative: ""Do that which you would wish generalized."" Ann Garrison an independent journalist based in Oakland, USA.",0
13229,Make England Savage Again! Petition Calls for Radio Legend to Be Un-Banned from UK - Breitbart,"Friday will mark a Cinco de Mayo celebration for many Americans, but for fans of Michael Savage, the fifth of May is the anniversary of a darker event  —   the banning of Savage from the United Kingdom. [On the eighth year of Savage’s ban from Britain, World Net Daily has launched a petition calling on President Trump to demand Britain remove Michael Savage from its travel ban list. The petition reads in part:  Therefore, we hereby add our names to this petition calling on President Donald J. Trump and his State Department to demand of the British government that it remove Michael Savage from its travel ban. It is outrageous that a Western nation would ban a popular American commentator with millions of listeners and several New York Times bestselling books to “balance” its list, apparently fearing it would be accused of being biased against Muslims. Michael Savage has never advocated violence, and his political views are protected by the First Amendment, which is rooted in the   tradition that began with Britain’s Magna Carta. According to World Net Daily’s announcement of the petition, the ban made no sense in 2009 and still doesn’t eight years later. WND alleges that Savage’s ban was a gesture made to “balance” a list dominated by Muslim extremists. Comparing Michael Savage to other members of the Home Office list makes the sharp divide clear. Take for example Wagdy Abd   Mohamed Ghoneim, who refers to Osama Bin Laden as a “martyr hero mujahid” and denounces western intervention against ISIS as a “crusade. ” That’s a far cry from the the content of Michael Savage’s daily radio show and   books. Savage believes Donald Trump will be sympathetic to his case after all, a petition was signed to ban Trump himself from entering the United Kingdom. Other conservatives and opponents of Islamic extremism, including Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer are also subject to entry refusals, but Savage is specifically named as part of the notorious group of 16 people publically released in May 5, 2009. The UK might see things differently now as well. A lot has changed in the last eight years  —   the famous bust of Winston Churchill has been restored to the Oval Office, and the British people voted to leave the European Union. The news cycle from England is dominated by terror attacks and terror arrests on a “near daily basis” which must leave the average Brit receptive to Savage’s message of “borders, language, and culture. ” Geert Wilders, who was temporarily banned from the United Kingdom, was published by Breitbart News on the subject of travel bans. His view is that the United Kingdom must be willing to face facts even if it doesn’t want to hear them, instead of hiding behinds excuses like “preserving community harmony,” as in his case. He quotes Ronald Reagan, speaking to the British Parliament in 1982, as saying “if history teaches anything, it teaches   in the face of unpleasant facts is folly. ” This is a sentiment that both Michael Savage and President Donald Trump would strongly endorse. Read the petition in full here, and sign it if you agree that Michael Savage should no longer be banned from Britain. Colin Madine is a contributor and editor at Breitbart News and can be reached at cmadine@breitbart. com",0
13230,Kowtowing to Kaepernick May Have Permanently Damaged the NFL,"Kowtowing to Kaepernick May Have Permanently Damaged the NFL Written by Selwyn Duke Email 
There’s a price to be paid for everything — even for being politically correct in a “politically correct time.” A new poll shows that the main cause of the National Football League’s much discussed ratings drop is, in fact, the National Anthem Protests sparked by Colin Kaepernick. 
But here’s the really bad news for the NFL: Some of the boycotting fans may never come back . 
Watching sports is frivolity, a non-essential luxury, and people are creatures of habit. If fans stay away for a while, fill that time with other pursuits (perhaps more worthwhile ones), they may just find they don’t miss football all that much. Or they may watch more college ball and discover they like it more. Pro football isn’t indispensable. 
It’s much as when people give up soda, sugar, going out to clubs, or anything else: They often lose their taste for what they once found so alluring. Admittedly, this theory about permanent NFL fan loss is just that, a theory. But there’s no doubt the feckless, cowardly, corrupt NFL is playing with fire. Many believe the quality of play has declined, football is getting a lot of bad press, and today’s sports entertainment business is very competitive, with many in the younger generations watching extreme sports or mixed martial arts. Football is much like boxing: old school. There’s no guarantee the NFL can replace its old fans with new ones. 
Besides being immoral and irresponsible, the NFL has been, in a word, phony. Many will say the San Francisco 49ers’ “Kaepernick has a right to protest, but…,” and the NFL has postured, bloviating about “freedom of speech.” As Niners coach Chip Kelly said recently, “Kaepernick's decision to not stand during the Anthem is ‘his right as a citizen’ and ‘it's not my right to tell him not to do something.” But this is nonsense. Freedom of speech only guarantees freedom from government infringement upon speech, and the NFL is a private entity that is like any other workplace: It sets conduct rules. 
This brings us to the obscene NFL hypocrisy. The league sets rules for dress and expression all the time; for example, it penalized Kansas City Chiefs player Husain Abdullah for kneeling in prayer in the end zone, fined New York Jets coach Rex Ryan $100,000 for shouting profanity following a victory, and fined Kaepernick himself more than $10,000 after accusing him of using a racial slur. It also has not been supportive of other protests — such as ones in favor of police. 
In addition, Kaepernick’s “cause” is based on nothing but lies. Many more whites than blacks are shot by police every year; shootings of black suspects have declined 75 percent during the last few decades; police are more likely to shoot whites relative to the races’ different homicide rates and the rates at which they feloniously shoot police; cops are more likely to be shot by a black suspect than to shoot one; and a study showed that law-enforcement personnel are actually to shoot white suspects , no doubt due to conditioning stemming from the fear of career and personal destruction. 
Many people are aware of at least some of the above information. And NFL leadership appears to be like so many other pseudo-elites: unaware that the average person doesn’t subscribe to doctrinaire political correctness. Even many people who may be somewhat sympathetic to BLM bushwa don’t think showing disrespect to our nation is a proper response or that an NFL game is the proper venue for disruptive social activism. 

, follow him on Twitter or log on to SelwynDuke.com  ",0
13231,Project Veritas Releases Fourth Video Exposing Illegal Contributions and High Level Political Corruption,"Home / Be The Change / Government Corruption / Project Veritas Releases Fourth Video Exposing Illegal Contributions and High Level Political Corruption Project Veritas Releases Fourth Video Exposing Illegal Contributions and High Level Political Corruption Jack Burns October 27, 2016 1 Comment 
As The Free Thought Project has reported, Project Veritas ’ undercover sting operation, of the Clinton Campaign and the Democratic National Committee’s alleged subversive tactics using Democracy Partners and Americans United for Change, has now been exposed for the whole world to see. This week, PV released the fourth video in their series, and once again, Democracy Partners’ founder, Robert Creamer, is at the center of the controversy (It must be noted DP makes no mention on its website of Creamer as its founder and currently has him listed as a consultant ). 
Creamer, who visited the White House 342 times (47 of those with Barack H. Obama), was caught on PV’s fourth video, and in emails, arranging an illegal $20,000 foreign contribution to Americans United for Change (AUFC), the same group which proudly stated was creating chaos at Trump events. 
Activists at PV arranged the donation with the knowledge it was illegal, to see if AUFC would take the bait. They did. And in return, they agreed to unwittingly take on another PV activist as an AUFC staffer. In other words, PV paid AUFC $20K, and was allowed to place the pseudo-donor’s “niece” inside the organization, a move PV felt was worthwhile to be able to expose the organization’s dirty deeds. It worked. 
PV’s first video revealed AUFC’s Scott Foval coordinated and arranged for paid instigators to go out and “start shit” with Trump protesters, all of which was caught on tape for the mainstream media to use in its echo chamber to paint Trump and his supporters as racists, xenophobes and bigots. 
PV’s second video showed how AUFC’s organization and its affiliates commit intentional mass voter fraud. The second video is an instructional video of sorts on, “how to successfully commit voter fraud on a massive scale,” according to PV president James O’Keefe. 
In the third PV video, Creamer can be seen stating Hillary Clinton herself wanted “ducks on the ground” in some bizarre idea to stage anti-Trump demonstrations by activists dressed as Donald Duck. The DNC’s Donna Brazelle was also implicated in collaboration with the scheme. 
But it’s the fourth video today that’s getting all of the attention now, as it purports to show AUFC knowingly received a $20,000 illegal wire transfer out of Belize. Creamer, who we know has a close relationship with the White House via visitor logs, also brags about his friendship with Barack Obama, and intimates he can arrange meetings with the president and the former secretary of state, for a price. 
“I’ve known the president since he was a community organizer in Chicago,” Creamer proudly stated adding, “Every morning, I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign (Clinton) headquarters.” With Creamer having spent nearly a year inside the White House, and his relationship with the president, it may be easy for some to conclude the Obama administration was also involved in Creamer’s schemes. 
PV invented the donor and shell company based in Belize, Charles C. Roth III of Repulse Bay Company, who the organization claimed to Democracy Partners was a rich donor who wanted to make a difference and stop Trump from becoming the next POTUS. Creamer then tapped the president of AUFC, Brad Woodhouse, to iron out the details of the illegal contribution. The wire transfer was arranged and transmitted. Creamer confirmed as much. 
On a recorded phone call Creamer can be heard saying the funds “absolutely came through.” In exchange for the donation, the outspoken friend of the Obamas granted an internship to Roth’s niece, an undercover PV journalist, to work inside Democracy Partners. 
In another recorded video session, Creamer can be seen and overheard describing what he and his partners at AUFC do. Creamer stated he gets his marching orders at his 10:30 conference call to troll the Trump/Pence campaign creating incidents for the “earned media” to cover which echo the message the Clinton campaign wanted to project. That “earned media”, as we’ve come to realize through the latest email dump by Wikileaks, is the mainstream media which is apparently in the tank for Clinton. 
Creamer also discussed allegations of sexual misconduct by Trump accusers and intimated those allegations came first through his organization’s connections, which is a contention Trump made at the third and final debate with Clinton. Creamer also hinted around at the possibility of arranging a meeting between Roth and Obama. “I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues,” he stated plainly adding, “helping to run issue campaigns (immigration, ACA, gun violence).” 
While the PV sting was focused on the presidential election of 2016, and the White House, the DNC, and the Clinton Campaign’s involvement in painting Donald Trump as a racist, xenophobe, and bigot, Creamer’s comment on his involvement in working with the White House on issues of gun violence, leaves more questions than answers. 
As an aside, here you have a well-connected political hit man like Creamer, working with AUFC to create violence, chaos and anarchy at Trump rallies, discussing his role in promoting gun violence issues for the White House. Taken together, considering Creamers comments and actions, all may lend credibility to conspiracy theorists’ claims the Obama administration has been actively promoting false flag school shootings, on-air shootings of reporters, and mall shootings, all in an attempt to sway the American public against the people’s right to keep and bear arms (2 nd Amendment to the U.S. Constitution). Creamer admitted as much saying he was, “trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues.” 
Turning again to PV fourth video, upon realizing PV was soon to go public with its expose’, AUFC returned the 20k foreign company shell company donation on September 9 th . O’Keefe, as an epilogue to the video, openly wondered why AUFC held onto the funds for a month before returning what they undoubtedly knew to be an illegal contribution. Share",0
13232,Exclusive - Pro-Trump VA Gov Candidate Corey Stewart Makes Final Appeal to Populist Voters on Eve of Primary - Breitbart,"Former Virginia chairman of the Donald Trump for President campaign and candidate for Virginia governor Corey Stewart spoke to Breitbart News Monday as voters prepare to go to the polls in Tuesday’s GOP primary. [Stewart has campaigned as an   Trumpian populist, placing the fight against illegal immigration at the center of his policy portfolio and rousing the ire of the mainstream media and the political left with his steadfast defense of Virginia’s numerous monuments to its Confederate war heroes.  “I led the nation’s toughest crackdown on illegal immigration in 2007. It’s still in place today. So far we have handed over to the federal government more than 7, 500 criminal illegal aliens,” Stewart told Breitbart News, referring to his time as a Prince William County Supervisor where he first came to national notice for his introduction of a county policy requiring police to look into the immigration status of those they arrest. Stewart continued his pitch for serious immigration enforcement, focusing on the transnational criminal gangs that have been terrorizing Virginia, committing a string of gruesome crimes evocative of their central American origins across the state. Stewart said: I am determined to put in place the toughest statewide crackdown on illegal aliens in the country in Virginia, especially rooting out and destroying  . I am going to do that through the 287( g) authority, which would mandate that every locality, every jail in the state will check immigration status   …     and hand inmates over to the federal government if they’re here illegally. Stewart sought to draw a contrast between his own immigration agenda and that of his main opponent in the GOP primary, putative   and narrowly defeated 2014 U. S. Senate Candidate Ed Gillespie, whom he called a “squish Republican” despite his own pledges to be tough on immigration. Stewart has hit Gillespie for serving as a lobbyist for Tyson’s Food as it was charged, and later acquitted, in a human smuggling investigation in connection with its labor practices. Tyson’s widespread use of refugee and   immigrant labor has continued to come under criticism from   immigration groups. “Ed was paid money not only to downplay human smuggling charges, but also to lobby for amnesty,” Stewart told Breitbart News. “That’s not being tough on illegal immigration, that’s being complicit in illegal immigration. ” “He never reneged on his statement that he supports the “Gang of Eight” amnesty,” Stewart continued, referencing Gillespie’s   endorsement of a “path to citizenship” on CNBC’s Larry Kudlow. “The Amnesty for twelve million illegals, he called it good politics and good policy. ” Gillespie also told Kudlow in that 2013 interview that the Gang of Eight bill was “not perfect. ” His campaign website insists he was never supportive of the bill’s amnesty provisions. Gillespie campaign spokesman David Abrhams took issue with Gillespie’s characterization on his immigration record. “We’re done commenting on Corey’s constant stream of attacks, fabrications and falsehoods. Ed’s focused on the issues that matter to the voters of Virginia, and we’re looking forward to tomorrow’s primary,” he told Breitbart News. While Stewart’s hardline immigration stances have caused sparks between him and his GOP primary opponents Gillespie and State Senator Frank Wagner, it is the controversy surrounding his defense of Virginia’s Confederate heritage that pushed his campaign into the pages of the national press. The issue exploded this spring, as cities like New Orleans began to tear down   monuments built to the southern heroes of the War Between the States to the applause of “civil rights” groups like the Southern Poverty Law Center and their allies in both major political parties. In Virginia  —   cradle of the Confederate capital birthplace of such   revered generals as Robert E. Lee, J. E. B. Stuart, and Thomas “Stonewall” Jackson host to almost all of the   conflict’s most   battlefields and source of more Confederate war dead than any state  —   the march to erase the  “ugly” Confederate past ran into an obstacle. In Charlottesville, home to University of Virginia, which a little over 150 years ago provided the Confederate Army with more than 1, 400 officers including slavery opponent and pioneer of mobile warfare John Mosby, the city council’s efforts to remove   statutes of Lee and Jackson were met with lawsuits and defiant protests. Stewart, alone among prominent politicians, stood, much to the chagrin of the mainstream media, with those who sought to preserve the reverent memory of the Confederate dead of the Old Dominion. Outlets like Politico and the Washington Post quickly published dismissive pieces on Stewart linking him to racial hatred when he refused to condemn the monuments and those who defended them. Stewart’s likely opponent in November’s general election should he win Tuesday’s primary, Democratic   Tom Perriello, made a stand with the leftist agitators and liberal local governments calling for the widespread removal of historic Confederate monuments across the state, accusing Stewart of “touting an ignorant,   view of Virginia” with his insistence they be left alone and calling the Confederacy “our greatest sin. ” Perriello later tweeted that Stewart was “a Confederate apologist trying to use racism to score political points,” as he used the incident to hit his   general election opponent Gillespie, who had said he would vote for Stewart if he won the primary instead of him. Not even a Confederate apologist trying to use racism to score political points can draw condemnation from @EdWGillespie. Says it all. https:  .   —   Tom Perriello (@tomperriello) April 25, 2017,  “What I’ve found is that those liberal like Tom Perriello who preach tolerence are some of the most intolerant people there are. He is intolerent and has a hatred and disgust of Virginia’s heritage and history,” Stewart said to the implication: Anyone trying to destroy [the monuments] is trying to rewrite and erase our history for their own ends. I’m trying to defend it and for that he calls me a bigot and a racist and  . I’m not trying to live in the past   …     but that doesn’t mean we let go of our culture and of our values, and doesn’t mean that we denigrate those men who fought to protect Virginia. Asked what he thought Perriello’s own view of Virginia was, in contrast to the “ignorant,  ” once ascribed to him, Stewart replied: Tom Perriello’s vision for Virginia is transgender bathrooms at every rest stop, every school, and every business, millions of illegal aliens coming into Virginia taking people’s jobs, committing crimes and then not having them deported. His vision is having more restrictive environmental regulations on Virginia businesses and continued job losses. His vision is the shutdown of the coal industry in southwestern Virginia. His vision is misery and poverty. Perriello’s campaign declined to comment for this article. Polling for the race had put Stewart well behind Gillespie. A poll released Sunday by new   firm Change Research, however, has Stewart with a narrow lead and up by nine points against his GOP rivals among the voters who will “definitely” vote for their preferred candidate. Breitbart News could not independently verify the methodology of this poll, but the same outfit forecasted Greg Gianforte’s victory in his special election for Montana’s U. S. House seat within one point the actual result. Polling places open Tuesday at 6am and are open until 7pm.",0
13233,Reino Unido reanuda la formación de yihadistas en Siria,"Reino Unido reanuda la formación de yihadistas en Siria Red Voltaire | 1ro de noviembre de 2016 français Deutsch El ministro de Defensa británico, Michael Fallon, anunció que el Reino Unido reformará el Ejército Sirio Libre. El gobierno británico retoma así el programa de formación de combatientes supuestamente « moderados », iniciado en 2014 por el presidente de Estados Unidos, Barack Obama.
El llamado « Ejército Sirio Libre » (ESL) fue creado por Francia, en 2011, alrededor del jefe de al-Qaeda en Libia, Abdelhakim Belhadj. Aquella operación francesa fue presentada como una ayuda a un grupo de desertores sirios encabezados por el coronel Riad al-Asaad. Poco a poco, los miembros del Ejército Sirio Libre fueron uniéndose a al-Qaeda. En 2016, Turquía resucitó la denominación de « Ejército Sirio Libre » al poner esa etiqueta a los miembros de sus propias milicias de combatientes turcomanos.
Anteriormente, Estados Unidos había dedicado 500 000 millones de dólares a la formación de nuevos « combatientes rebeldes »… que también acabaron uniéndose a al-Qaeda.
Es por lo tanto muy probable que tras el nuevo programa británico se esconda una nueva contribución a al-Qaeda.",0
13234,Unmasking the Fearsome Face of a Tyrannosaur - The New York Times,"With its dagger teeth and formidable frame, the Tyrannosaurus rex was one of the most frightening beasts to ever terrorize the land. Yet despite all its fame, the dinosaur’s looks remain a bit of a mystery. Now, after studying a   fossil of a newly discovered T. rex relative, paleontologists think they have revealed some important features of the predator’s fearsome face. “We have unmasked tyrannosaurs,” said Thomas Carr, a paleontologist from Carthage College in Wisconsin, and lead author of a study published Thursday in the journal Scientific Reports. He and his team found that the dinosaur family had no lips and had faces covered with small patches of armored skin and large, flat scales more similar to crocodiles than to lizards. Behind their eyes on each side of the head there was a large horn that may have been covered in keratin, the material that makes a person’s fingernails and a bird’s beak. The team also discovered that tyrannosaur snouts and jaws were most likely laced with nerves that made their skin supersensitive, comparable to a human’s fingertips. The extra sensitivity may have aided the tyrannosaurs in hunting and could have helped shape the family into efficient killing machines. “It paints a really terrifying picture of not only this new species, but also of other tyrannosaurs, like T. rex, that would have had these same features,” said Stephen Brusatte, a paleontologist from the University of Edinburgh who reviewed the paper. “  predators bigger than a school bus, their faces covered in mangy scales, using not only their nose to smell you out, but their snouts to literally sense you out in a way that we can’t even comprehend since we don’t have that same type of sensory system. ” Dr. Carr and his colleagues made their conclusions based on a tyrannosaur specimen that was found 25 years ago, but only just now got a name. It is a new species known as Daspletosaurus horneri, or “Horner’s Frightful Lizard,” named after Jack Horner, a renowned paleontologist. The beast roamed   Montana 75. 2 to 74. 4 million years ago and feasted upon crested duckbill dinosaurs. The specimen they studied had specific textures covering its skull. They formed a sort of Venetian mask that revealed the patterns covering just about every part of the face but the eyes and the nose. From the imprints on the skull, they were able to reconstruct the types of soft tissue covering the face. Presently, paleontologists do not have good samples of fossilized facial skin in carnivorous dinosaurs, most likely because the face is one of the first parts of a dinosaur to get scavenged or eroded once it died, according to Thomas Richard Holtz, a paleontologist from the University of Maryland who was not involved in the study. He said that he agreed with the new study’s findings in that the bone texture on the fossil’s jaws did seem inflated and rough, indicating that the tyrant dinosaur had a face more like that of crocodiles than of lizards. The team also concluded that the snout and jaws were particularly sensitive based on tiny holes they found speckled throughout them. The holes, known as foramina, have also been found in crocodiles and are thought to have housed hundreds of trigeminal nerves. In   day animals, the special nerves are thought to enable birds to navigate long distances, allow pit vipers to detect infrared radiation from warm bodies and let alligators lurking in murky waters sense slight vibrations to catch prey. By comparing the nerve holes in the tyrannosaurs with that of   crocodiles, the team speculates that the tyrannosaurs would have used their heightened senses to detect the temperatures of their nests, tend to their eggs and may have used their sensitive snouts to nuzzle their mates. “No one would have predicted that a land animal like a tyrannosaur would turn their entire face into a finely tuned sensory organ,” Lawrence M. Witmer, paleontologist from the Heritage College of Osteopathic Medicine at Ohio University who was not involved in the study, said in an email. “Maybe if you’re a bigheaded beast with tiny hands and a small brain, you have to do something special!”",0
13235,How U.S. Torture Left a Legacy of Damaged Minds - The New York Times,"Before the United States permitted a terrifying way of interrogating prisoners, government lawyers and intelligence officials assured themselves of one crucial outcome. They knew that the methods inflicted on terrorism suspects would be painful, shocking and far beyond what the country had ever accepted. But none of it, they concluded, would cause long lasting psychological harm. Fifteen years later, it is clear they were wrong. Today in Slovakia, Hussein   describes permanent headaches and disturbed sleep, plagued by memories of dogs inside a blackened jail. In Kazakhstan, Lutfi bin Ali is haunted by nightmares of suffocating at the bottom of a well. In Libya, the radio from a passing car spurs rage in Majid Mokhtar Sasy   reminding him of the C. I. A. prison where earsplitting music was just one assault to his senses. And then there is the despair of men who say they are no longer themselves. “I am living this kind of depression,” said Younous Chekkouri, a Moroccan, who fears going outside because he sees faces in crowds as Guantánamo Bay guards. “I’m not normal anymore. ” After enduring agonizing treatment in secret C. I. A. prisons around the world or coercive practices at the military detention camp at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, dozens of detainees developed persistent mental health problems, according to previously undisclosed medical records, government documents and interviews with former prisoners and military and civilian doctors. Some emerged with the same symptoms as American prisoners of war who were brutalized decades earlier by some of the world’s cruelest regimes. Those subjected to the tactics included victims of mistaken identity or flimsy evidence that the United States later disavowed. Others were foot soldiers for the Taliban or Al Qaeda who were later deemed to pose little threat. Some were hardened terrorists, including those accused of plotting the Sept. 11 attacks or the 2000 bombing of the American destroyer Cole. In several cases, their mental status has complicated the nation’s long effort to bring them to justice. Americans have long debated the legacy of  . 11 interrogation methods, asking whether they amounted to torture or succeeded in extracting intelligence. But even as President Obama continues transferring people from Guantánamo and Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, promises to bring back techniques, now banned, such as waterboarding, the human toll has gone largely uncalculated. At least half of the 39 people who went through the C. I. A. ’s “enhanced interrogation” program, which included depriving them of sleep, dousing them with ice water, slamming them into walls and locking them in   boxes, have since shown psychiatric problems, The New York Times found. Some have been diagnosed with   stress disorder, paranoia, depression or psychosis. Hundreds more detainees moved through C. I. A. “black sites” or Guantánamo, where the military inflicted sensory deprivation, isolation, menacing with dogs and other tactics on men who now show serious damage. Nearly all have been released. “There is no question that these tactics were entirely inconsistent with our values as Americans, and their consequences present lasting challenges for us as a country and for the individuals involved,” said Ben Rhodes, the deputy national security adviser. The United States government has never studied the   psychological effects of the extraordinary interrogation practices it embraced. A Defense Department spokeswoman, asked about   mental harm, responded that prisoners were treated humanely and had access to excellent care. A C. I. A. spokesman declined to comment. This article is based on a broad sampling of cases and an examination of hundreds of documents, including court records, military commission transcripts and medical assessments. The Times interviewed more than 100 people, including former detainees in a dozen countries. A full accounting is all but impossible because many former prisoners never had access to outside doctors or lawyers, and any records about their interrogation treatment and health status remain classified. Researchers caution that it can be difficult to determine cause and effect with mental illness. Some prisoners of the C. I. A. and the military had underlying psychological problems that may have made them more susceptible to   difficulties others appeared to have been remarkably resilient. Incarceration, particularly the indefinite detention without charges that the United States devised, is inherently stressful. Still, outside medical consultants and former government officials said they saw a pattern connecting the harsh practices to psychiatric issues. Those treating prisoners at Guantánamo for mental health issues typically did not ask their patients what had happened during their questioning. Some physicians, though, saw evidence of mental harm almost immediately. “My staff was dealing with the consequences of the interrogations without knowing what was going on,” said Albert J. Shimkus, a retired Navy captain who served as the commanding officer of the Guantánamo hospital in the prison’s early years. Back then, still reeling from the Sept. 11 attacks, the government was desperate to stave off more. But Captain Shimkus now regrets not making more inquiries. “There was a conflict,” he said, “between our medical duty to our patients and our duty to the mission, as soldiers. ” After prisoners were released from American custody, some found neither help nor relief. Mohammed Abdullah Saleh   a businessman in Tanzania, and others were snatched, interrogated and imprisoned, then sent home without explanation. They returned to their families deeply scarred from interrogations, isolation and the shame of sexual taunts, forced nudity, aggressive body cavity searches and being kept in diapers. Mr. Asad, who died in May, was held for more than a year in several secret C. I. A. prisons. “Sometimes, between husband and wife, he would admit to how awful he felt,” his widow, Zahra Mohamed, wrote in a statement prepared for the African Commission on Human and Peoples’ Rights. “He was humiliated, and that feeling never went away. ” In a cold room once used for interrogations at Guantánamo, Stephen N. Xenakis, a former military psychiatrist, faced a onetime Qaeda child soldier, Omar Khadr. It was December 2008, and this evaluation had been two years in the making. The doctor, a retired brigadier general who had overseen several military hospitals, had not sought the assignment. The son of an Air Force combat veteran, he debated even accepting it. “I’m still a soldier,” General Xenakis recalls thinking. Was this good for the country? When he finally agreed, he told Mr. Khadr’s lawyers that they were paying for an independent medical opinion, not a hired gun. Mr. Khadr, a Canadian citizen, had been wounded and captured in a firefight at age 15 at a suspected terrorist compound in Afghanistan, where he said he had been sent to translate for foreign fighters by his father, a Qaeda member. Years later, he would plead guilty to war crimes, including throwing a grenade that killed an Army medic. At the time, though, he was the youngest prisoner at Guantánamo. He told his lawyers that the American soldiers had kept him from sleeping, spit in his face and threatened him with rape. In one meeting with the psychiatrist, Mr. Khadr, then 22, began to sweat and fan himself, despite the   chill. He tugged his shirt off, and General Xenakis realized that he was witnessing an anxiety attack. When it happened again, Mr. Khadr explained that he had once urinated during an interrogation and soldiers had dragged him through the mess. “This is the room where they used me as a human mop,” he said. General Xenakis had seen such anxiety before, decades earlier, as a young psychiatrist at Letterman Army Medical Center in California. It was often the first stop for American prisoners of war after they left Vietnam. The doctor recalled the men, who had endured horrific abuses, suffering panic attacks, headaches and psychotic episodes. That session with Mr. Khadr was the beginning of General Xenakis’s immersion into the treatment of detainees. He has reviewed medical and interrogation records of about 50 current and former prisoners and examined about 15 of the detainees, more than any other outside psychiatrist, colleagues say. General Xenakis found that Mr. Khadr had   stress disorder, a conclusion the military contested. Many of General Xenakis’s diagnoses in other cases remain classified or sealed by court order, but he said he consistently found links between harsh American interrogation methods and psychiatric disorders. Back home in Virginia, General Xenakis delved into research on the effects of abusive practices. He found decades of papers on the issue  —   science that had not been considered when the government began crafting new interrogation policies after Sept. 11. At the end of the Vietnam War, military doctors noticed that former prisoners of war developed psychiatric disorders far more often than other soldiers, an observation also made of former P. O. W.s from World War II and the Korean War. The data could not be explained by imprisonment alone, researchers found. Former soldiers who suffered torture or mistreatment were more likely than others to develop   problems. By the   the Veterans Administration had linked such treatment to memory loss, an exaggerated startle reflex, horrific nightmares, headaches and an inability to concentrate. Studies noted similar symptoms among torture survivors in South Africa, Turkey and Chile. Such research helped lay the groundwork for how American doctors now treat combat veterans. “In hindsight, that should have come to the fore” in the  . 11 interrogation debate, said John Rizzo, the C. I. A. ’s top lawyer at the time. “I don’t think the   effects were ever explored in any real depth. ” Instead, the government relied on data from a training program to resist enemy interrogators, called SERE, for Survival, Evasion, Resistance and Escape. The military concluded there was little evidence that disrupted sleep,   nudity and extreme temperatures harmed military trainees in controlled scenarios. Two veteran SERE psychologists, James Mitchell and Bruce Jessen, worked with the C. I. A. and the Pentagon to help develop interrogation tactics. They based their strategies in part on the theory of “learned helplessness,” a phrase coined by the American psychologist Martin E. P. Seligman in the late 1960s. He gave electric shocks to dogs and discovered that they stopped resisting once they learned they could not stop the shocks. If the United States could make men helpless, the thinking went, they would give up their secrets. In the end, Justice Department lawyers concluded that the methods did not constitute torture, which is illegal under American and international law. In a series of memos, they wrote that no evidence existed that “significant psychological harm of significant duration, e. g. lasting for months or even years” would result. With fear of another terrorist attack, there was little incentive or time to find contrary evidence, Mr. Rizzo said. “The government wanted a solution,” he recalled. “It wanted a path to get these guys to talk. ” The question of what ultimately happened to Dr. Seligman’s dogs never arose in the legal debate. They were strays, and once the studies were over, they were euthanized. Mohamed Ben Soud cannot say for certain when the Americans began using ice water to torment him. The C. I. A. prison in Afghanistan, known as the Salt Pit, was perpetually dark, so the days passed imperceptibly. The United States called the treatment “water dousing,” but the term belies the grisly details. Mr. Ben Soud, in court documents and interviews, described being forced onto a plastic tarp while naked, his hands shackled above his head. Sometimes he was hooded. One C. I. A. official poured buckets of ice water on him as others lifted the tarp’s corners, sending water splashing over him and causing a choking or drowning sensation. He said he endured the treatment multiple times. Mr. Ben Soud was among the early captives in the C. I. A. ’s network of prisons in Afghanistan, Thailand, Poland, Romania and Lithuania. Again and again, he said, he told the American interrogators that he was not their enemy. A Libyan, he said he had fled to Pakistan in 1991 and joined an armed Islamist movement aimed at toppling Col. Muammar  ’s dictatorship. Pakistani and United States officials stormed his home and arrested him in 2003. Under interrogation, he said, he denied knowing or fighting with Osama bin Laden or two senior Qaeda operatives. In 2004, the C. I. A. turned Mr. Ben Soud over to Libya, which imprisoned him until the United States helped topple the Qaddafi government seven years later. In interviews, he and other Libyans said they were treated better by Colonel Qaddafi’s jailers than by the C. I. A. Today, Mr. Ben Soud, 47, is a free man, but said he is in constant fear of tomorrow. He is racked with   and struggles to make simple decisions. His moods swing dramatically. “‘Dad, why did you suddenly get angry?’ ‘Why did you suddenly snap? ’” Mr. Ben Soud said his children ask. “‘Did we do anything that made you angry? ’” Explaining would mean saying that the Americans kept him shackled in painful contortions, or that they locked him in boxes  —   one the size of a coffin, the other even smaller, he said in a phone interview from his home in Misurata, Libya. They slammed him against the wall and chained him from the ceiling as the prison echoed with the sounds of rock music. “How can you explain such things to children?” he asked. Mr. Ben Soud, along with a second former C. I. A. prisoner and the estate of a third, is suing Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Jessen in federal court, accusing them of violating his rights by torturing him. In court documents, Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Jessen argue, among other things, that they played no role in the interrogations. Mr. Ben Soud was one of the men identified in a 2014 Senate Intelligence Committee report as having been subjected to the C. I. A. ’s “enhanced interrogation techniques. ” Condemning the methods as brutal and ineffective in extracting intelligence, the report noted that interrogators also used unapproved tactics such as mock executions, threats to harm prisoners’ children or rape their family members, and “rectal feeding,” which involved inserting liquid food supplements or purées into the rectum. Senate investigators did not set out to study the psychological consequences of the harsh treatment, but their unclassified summary revealed several cases of men suffering hallucinations, depression, paranoia and other symptoms. The full   classified report offers many more examples, said Daniel Jones, a former F. B. I. analyst who led the Senate investigation. “The records we reviewed clearly indicate a connection between their treatment in C. I. A. custody and their mental state,” Mr. Jones said in an interview. At least 119 men moved through the C. I. A. jails, where the interrogations were designed to disrupt the senses and increase helplessness  —   factors that researchers decades earlier had said could make people more susceptible to psychological harm. Forced nudity, sensory deprivation and endless light or dark were considered routine. Many of those men were later released without charges, unsure of why they were held. About one in four prisoners should never have been captured, or turned out to have been misidentified by the C. I. A. Senate investigators concluded. Khaled   a German citizen, is the best known case. Macedonian authorities arrested him while he was on vacation in December 2003 and turned him over to the C. I. A. Mr. Masri said officials beat him, stripped him, forced a suppository into him and flew him to a black site in Afghanistan. He was held for months, he said, in a concrete cell with no bed, and endured more beatings and interrogations. Years later, Mr. Masri’s nightmares are accompanied by a paralyzing tightness in his chest, he said. “I have been suffering from   amnesia, inability to memorize, depression, helplessness, apathy, loss of interest in the future, slow thinking, and anxiety,” Mr. Masri wrote in an email. Ms. Mohamed, the widow of Mr. Asad, the Tanzanian businessman, said he returned home paranoid and anxious. “He used to forget things that he never would have forgotten before,” she wrote recently. “For example, he would talk with someone on the phone and later forget to whom he had been talking. ” Mr. Asad believed the C. I. A. seized him because he once rented space in a building he owned to Al Haramain Foundation, a Saudi charity later linked to financing terrorism. Interrogators questioned him repeatedly about the charity, he said in legal papers, then released him with no explanation. “Mohammed’s personality changed after his detention,” his wife wrote. “Something tiny would happen and he would blow up  —   he would be so angry  —   I had never ever seen him like this before. At these times, he would come close to crying, and he would withdraw to be alone. ” Today at Guantánamo Bay, the Caribbean landscape is reclaiming the relics of the American detention system. Weeds overtake fences in abandoned areas of the prison complex. Guard towers sit empty. It is eerily quiet. President Obama banned coercive questioning on his second day in office and his administration has whittled the prison population to 61, down from nearly 700 at its peak. Interrogations ended long ago. Except for the     detainees, kept in a building hidden in the hills, most of the remaining prisoners share a concrete jail called Camp 6. Asked about their psychological   Rear Adm. Peter J. Clarke, the commander at Guantánamo, said in an interview: “What I observe are detainees who are well adjusted, and I see no indications of ill effects of anything that may have happened in the past. ” In the early years of Guantánamo, interrogators used variations on some of the C. I. A. ’s tactics. The result was a combination of psychological and physical pressure that the International Committee of the Red Cross found was “tantamount to torture. ” Capt. Richard Quattrone of the Navy, who left his post as the prison’s chief medical officer in September, said his staff mostly dealt with detainees’ anxiety over whether they would be released. “I’ve talked to some of my predecessors,” he said in an interview, “and from what they say, it’s vastly different today. ” About 20 detainees are cleared for release. Another 10 are being prosecuted or have already been convicted in military commissions. The fate of the remaining men, including some of the   prisoners, is unclear. For now they are considered too dangerous to release, but have not been charged. For some men who have been released, Guantánamo is not easily left behind. Mr. Chekkouri, a Moroccan living in Afghanistan in 2001, was held for years as a suspected member of a group linked to Al Qaeda. He said he was beaten repeatedly at a United States military jail in Kandahar and forced to watch soldiers do the same to his younger brother. Mr. Chekkouri is a Sufi, a member of a mystical Islamic sect that has been oppressed by Al Qaeda and others. At Guantánamo, he was kept in isolation. When he asserted his innocence, he said, interrogators threatened to turn him over to the Moroccan authorities, who have a history of torture. The Americans warned that his family in Morocco could be jailed and abused, he said, and showed him execution photos. Interrogators repeatedly made him believe his transfer was imminent, he said. “It’s time to say goodbye,” interrogation files cited in court documents say. “Morocco wants you back. ” After he was released last year, the United States gave him a letter saying it no longer stood by information that he was a member of a   group in Morocco. Despite diplomatic assurances that he would face no charges, Morocco jailed him for several months late last year and he continues to fight allegations that he thought were behind him. Now, he is under a psychiatrist’s care and takes antidepressants and   drugs. He complains of flashbacks, persistent nightmares and panic attacks. He also suffers an embarrassing inability to urinate until it becomes painful. It started, he said, when he was left chained for hours during interrogations and soiled himself. His doctors say there is nothing they can treat. “They tell me everything is normal,” he said. “Your brain is playing games. It is something mental. You’re still living in Gitmo. It’s fear. ” Mr. Chekkouri saw psychiatrists at Guantánamo, but he said he did not trust them. He and others believed the doctors shared information about medical problems with interrogators. In one case, a psychiatrist prescribed the antipsychotic medication olanzapine to a prisoner. He then suggested that interrogators exploit a side effect, food cravings, according to another military doctor who later reviewed the records. Normally, such information would be confidential, but Guantánamo’s dual missions of caring for prisoners and extracting information created conflicts. Over time, the military created two mental health teams. One, led by psychiatrists, was there to heal. The other, called the Behavioral Science Consultation Team, was led by psychologists with a very different mission. On Sept. 3, 2003, after a teenager named Mohammed Jawad was seen talking to a poster on the wall, an interrogator called for a consultation with a BSCT (pronounced “Biscuit”) psychologist. Mohammed’s age at the time is in dispute. The military says it captured him at 17 his lawyer says he was more likely 14 or younger. However old, he was pleading for his mother. When the psychologist arrived, the goal was not to ease the young man’s distress, but to exploit it. “The detainee comes across as a very immature, dependent individual, claiming to miss his mother and his young siblings, but his demeanor looks like it is a resistance technique,” the psychologist wrote, according to notes seen by The Times. “He tries to look as if he is so sad that he is depressed. During today’s interrogation, he appeared to be rather frightened, and it looks as if he could easily break. ” The psychologist, who was not identified in the notes, recommended that Mr. Jawad be kept away from anyone who spoke his language. “Make him as uncomfortable as possible,” the psychologist advised. “Work him as hard as possible. ” The guards placed him in isolation for 30 days. They then subjected him to the “frequent flier program,” a method of sleep deprivation. Guards yanked Mr. Jawad from cell to cell 112 times, waking him an average of every three hours, day and night, for two weeks straight, according to court records. After being held for years, Mr. Jawad was charged in 2007 with throwing a grenade that wounded American soldiers. But the evidence collapsed. The military prosecutor, Lt. Col. Darrel Vandeveld, withdrew from the case and declared that there was no evidence to justify charges. “There is, however, reliable evidence that he was badly mistreated by U. S. authorities, both in Afghanistan and at Guantánamo, and he has suffered, and continues to suffer, great psychological harm,” he wrote in a letter to the court. Katherine Porterfield, a New York University psychologist, found Mr. Jawad to have PTSD after examining him in 2009. Seven years after his capture, she said, he suffered from flashbacks and anxiety attacks. A panel of military doctors disagreed. Medical records from Guantánamo include repeated notes such as “no psych issues at this time,” or the prisoner “denied any psych problem. ” The military dropped all charges against Mr. Jawad, who is now living in Pakistan. He declined to discuss his mental health. But in a series of text messages, he wrote: “They tortured us in jails, gave us severe physical and mental pain, bombarded our villages, cities, mosques, schools. ” He added, “Of course we have” flashbacks, panic attacks and nightmares. It has been difficult to determine the scale of mental health problems at Guantánamo, much less how many cases are linked to the treatment the prisoners endured. Most medical records remain classified. Anecdotal accounts, though, have emerged over the years. Andy Davidson, a retired Navy captain who served as the chief psychologist treating prisoners at Guantánamo from July to October 2003, said most appeared to be in good health, but he still saw “an awful lot” of mental health issues there. “There were definitely guys who had PTSD symptoms,” he said in an interview. “There were definitely guys who had poor sleeping, nightmares. There were guys who were definitely shell shocked with a   stare. There were guys who were depressed, avoidant. ” One of the few official glimpses into the population came in a 2006 medical journal article. Two military psychologists and a psychiatrist at Guantánamo wrote that about 11 percent of detainees were then receiving mental health services, a rate lower than that in civilian jails or among former American prisoners of war. The authors acknowledged, however, that Guantánamo doctors faced significant challenges in diagnosing mental illness, most notably the difficulty in building trust. Many prisoners, including some with serious mental health conditions, refused evaluation and treatment, the study noted, which would have lowered the count. Five years later, General Xenakis and Vincent Iacopino, the medical director for Physicians for Human Rights, published research about nine prisoners who exhibited psychological symptoms after undergoing interrogation tactics  —   a hose forced into a mouth, a head held in a toilet, death threats  —   by American jailers. The two based their study on the medical records and interrogation files of the prisoners, all of whom had arrived at Guantánamo in its first year, had never been in C. I. A. custody, and were never charged with any crimes. In none of those cases, the study said, did Guantánamo doctors document any inquiries into whether the symptoms were tied to interrogation tactics. Today in Tangier, Morocco, Ahmed Errachidi runs two restaurants, has a wife and five children and has been free for nearly a decade. The United States military once asserted that he trained at a Qaeda camp in early 2001, but the human rights group Reprieve later produced pay stubs showing that he had been working at the time as a cook in London. Mr. Errachidi had a history of bipolar disorder before arriving at Guantánamo, and after being held in isolation there, he said, he suffered a psychotic breakdown. He told interrogators that he had been Bin Laden’s superior officer and warned that a giant snowball would overtake the world. Guantánamo still lurks around corners. Recently, at a market in Tangier, the clink of a chain caused a paralyzing flashback to the prison, where Mr. Errachidi was forced into painful stress positions, deprived of sleep and isolated. On chilly nights, when the blanket slips off, he is once again lying naked in a frigid cell, waiting for his next interrogation. “All I can think of is when are they going to take me back,” Mr. Errachidi said in an interview. He compared his treatment by the Americans to being mugged by a trusted friend. “It is very, very scary when you are tortured by someone who doesn’t believe in torture,” he said. “You lose faith in everything. ” Guantánamo, particularly during its early years, operated on a system of rewards and punishments to exploit prisoners’ vulnerabilities. That manipulation, taken to extremes, could have dangerous effects, as in the peculiar case of Tarek El Sawah. An Egyptian who said he was a Taliban soldier, Mr. Sawah was captured while fleeing bombing in Afghanistan in 2001 and turned over to the United States. He arrived at Guantánamo in May 2002. Though his brother, Jamal, said he had no history of mental problems, Mr. Sawah began shrieking at night, terrified by hallucinations. When he began defecating and urinating on himself, soldiers would hose him down in front of other detainees, a nearby prisoner stated in court documents. Mr. Sawah said he was given antipsychotic drugs, sometimes forcibly. After his breakdown, interrogators found Mr. Sawah eager to talk. “‘Bring me good things to eat,’” he told them. They delivered McDonald’s hamburgers or Subway sandwiches, multiple servings at a time. Mr. Sawah became a prized informant, though the value of what he offered is disputed, and he says he fabricated stories, including that he was a Qaeda member. He ballooned from about 215 pounds to well over 400 pounds, records show. When the interrogations ended and he was placed in a special hut for cooperators, the food kept coming. His jailers had to install a   door for him. Mr. Sawah called it a competition between the interrogators, who used food as an incentive, and the doctors, who told him to lose weight. He developed coronary artery disease, diabetes, breathing disorders and other health problems, court records show. In 2013, General Xenakis examined him and, in a plea for better medical treatment, told a judge that “Mr. El Sawah’s mental state has worsened and he appears apathetic with diminished will to live. ” The military responded that he was offered excellent medical care but refused it. Today in Bosnia, Mr. Sawah, 58, complains of frequent headaches and begs a doctor for antidepressants. His mood fluctuates wildly. Though he has lost weight, his eating remains compulsive. Over dinner with a reporter after a daily Ramadan fast, he ate a steak, French fries, a plate of dates and figs, a bowl of chicken soup, spinach pie, slices of bread, the uneaten portion of another steak, another bowl of soup, two lemonades, a Coke and nearly an entire cheese plate, six or seven slices at a time. “He’s unbalanced,” said his brother, who lives in New York. “He needs care. Mental care. Physical care. ” Mr. Sawah does not blame American soldiers for his treatment. “They were afraid of me, afraid for their life,” he said. “Guantánamo on both sides was just very scared people who want to live. ” In a   courtroom at Guantánamo Bay in January 2009, five men sat accused of plotting the Sept. 11 attacks. They were avowed enemies of the United States, who had admitted to grievous bloodshed. They had also been subjected to the most horrific of the government’s interrogation tactics. During a courtroom break, one of the men, Ammar   asked to speak with a doctor. Xavier Amador, a New York psychologist who was consulting for another defendant, met with him. As they talked, Mr. Baluchi’s eyes darted around the room, according to a summary of Dr. Amador’s notes obtained by The Times. Mr. Baluchi said he struggled to focus, described “terrifying anxiety” and reported difficulty sleeping. Dr. Amador noted that Mr. Baluchi seemed to meet the criteria for PTSD, anxiety disorder and major depression. “No one can live like this,” Mr. Baluchi told him. Mr. Baluchi, 39, was captured by Pakistani officers in April 2003. Though he was described as willing to talk, the C. I. A. moved him to a secret prison and immediately applied interrogation methods reserved for recalcitrant prisoners. In court documents and Mr. Baluchi’s handwritten letters, he described being naked and dehydrated, chained to the ceiling so only his toes touched the floor. He endured   dousing and said he was beaten until he saw flashes of light and lost consciousness. He recalls punches from his guards whenever he drifted asleep. Today, his lawyer said, Mr. Baluchi associates sleep with imminent pain. “Not only did they not let me sleep,” Mr. Baluchi wrote in a letter provided by the lawyer, “they trained me to keep myself awake. ” Guantánamo physicians have prescribed Mr. Baluchi antidepressants,   drugs and sleeping pills, according to his lawyer, James G. Connell III, who sends him deodorants and colognes to keep flashbacks at bay. “The whole time he was in C. I. A. custody, you’re sitting there, smelling your own stink,” Mr. Connell said. “Now, whenever he catches a whiff of his own body odor, it sets him off. ” General Xenakis, who is consulting on the case, found that Mr. Baluchi had PTSD and that he showed possible signs of a brain injury that may be linked to his beatings. He said Mr. Baluchi needed a brain scan, which the military opposes. The test would likely prompt more hearings, which could further complicate a trial. “Having caused these problems in the first place, now the United States has to deal with them at the military commissions,” Mr. Connell said. “And that takes time. ” The compromised mental status of several other prisoners, like Mr. Baluchi, has affected the military proceedings against them. Ramzi bin   who admits helping plan the Sept. 11 attacks, has said he believes the military is tormenting him with vibrations, smells and sounds at Guantánamo. Military doctors there have found him to be delusional, and records indicate that his symptoms began in C. I. A. custody, after brutal tactics and years of solitary confinement. But Mr. bin   refused to meet with doctors to assess his competency and insists he is sane, so the case continues. Lawyers have similarly raised questions about Abd  ’s psychological state. Accused in the U. S. S. Cole bombing, he was subjected to waterboarding, mock execution, rectal feeding and other techniques  —   some approved, some not  —   at C. I. A. sites. Even after internal warnings that Mr. Nashiri was about to go “over the edge psychologically,” the C. I. A. pressed forward. Over the years, government doctors have diagnosed Mr. Nashiri with anxiety, major depression and PTSD. His lawyers do not dispute his competency to stand trial, though no such trial is imminent. His torture and mental decline, though, could make it harder for prosecutors to win a death sentence. When the Walter Reed doctors evaluated Mr. Nashiri, “they concluded that he suffers from chronic, complex, untreated PTSD,” his lawyer told a military judge in 2014. “And they attributed it to his time in C. I. A. custody. ” In Libya today, a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah   struggles to focus, and his memory fails him. He finds himself confusing the names of his children. Sometimes, he withdraws from his family to be alone. A survivor of the C. I. A. interrogation in the Salt Pit, Mr. Daeiki says he was kept naked, humiliated and chained to the wall as loud music blared. Sleep is difficult now, but when it comes, his interrogators haunt him there. “Something is strangling me or I’m falling from high,” he said in an interview. “Or sometimes I see ghosts following me, chasing me. ” Last year, a video surfaced showing Colonel Qaddafi’s son, Saadi, being blindfolded and forced to listen to what sounded like the screams of other prisoners inside Al Hadba, a prison holding members of the former regime  —   Libya’s own   detainees. Someone beat the soles of his feet with a stick. As the scene unfolded, Mr. Daeiki appeared on the screen. The beating was a mistake, he later acknowledged, but he did nothing to stop it. The goal was to collect intelligence to prevent bloodshed, he said. He was an interrogator now.",0
13236,"Border Patrol Agents Arrest Three Armed Human Smugglers, Eight Migrants","Border Patrol agents in southern Arizona arrested three armed human smugglers in three separate incidents. [Tucson Sector Border Patrol agents received a report of suspicious activity from a citizen on Sunday afternoon after he witnessed someone picking up a person walking out of the desert. The pickup occurred on a remote farm road near Bisbee, Arizona. The agents who are assigned to the Brian Terry Border Patrol Station located the vehicle and initiated a roadside stop to conduct an immigration investigation, according to information obtained by Breitbart Texas from U. S. Customs and Border Protection officials.  After questioning the U. S. citizen driver and the passenger, agents determined the passenger to be illegally present in the country. Agents reported the driver of the vehicle was carrying a 9 mm pistol. Agents arrested the driver on suspicion of human smuggling charges and confiscated the handgun and the car. The passenger, a Mexican national, will be processed for an immigration hearing to determine if he will be removed. The following day, agents working near Gila Bend witnessed the driver of a Honda Pilot SUV pick up five people along the side of the roadway. Agents stopped the vehicle and learned the five people were illegal immigrants from Mexico. A search of the vehicle revealed the driver had stashed a . 45 caliber pistol in the vehicle’s front console, officials stated. Agents arrested the driver and confiscated the SUV and the handgun. The driver, also a U. S. citizen, will likely face human smuggling charges. Agents transported the five illegal immigrants to the Border Patrol station for processing. On Tuesday, Border Patrol agents found another human smuggler, also carrying a 9 mm pistol. The agents working near Three Points, Arizona, received a tip that a driver of a Lincoln Navigator picked up a person on the roadway. Agents found the vehicle and stopped it for an immigration inspection. The agents questioned two men, both U. S. citizens, in the front seat of the SUV. They claimed to be traveling alone. Agents observed a man crouching down between the rear seats. Agents questioned that person and determined him to be a Mexican national, illegally present in the U. S. The agents arrested the two men and the Mexican national. A search of the vehicle revealed a 9 mm pistol in the rear storage area of the SUV. Agents seized the gun and the Lincoln Navigator. CBP officials stated the illegal immigrants will all be process for immigration hearings to determine if they will be deported. The four U. S. citizens arrested are expected to face federal charges of human smuggling. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
13237,"At Cosseted ‘Winter White House,’ Outside World Intrudes on Trump - The New York Times","PALM BEACH, Fla.  —   The news broke just as the fireworks began crackling over the grand estate’s manicured lawn, a festive backdrop for the guests sipping champagne around an ornamental pool: The White House had moved to appeal a court ruling that blocked President Trump’s sweeping immigration order. At airports around the world, the legal tug of war played out in starkly human terms, with travelers from seven predominantly Muslim countries having to decide whether to board flights to the United States, unsure of whether they would be turned back once they landed. Yet here, in the cosseted confines of    those concerns seemed a million miles away. The guests had gathered for the 60th annual Red Cross ball, a staple of the Palm Beach social calendar, which this year carried the theme “From Vienna to Versailles. ” In keeping with the Hapsburg and Bourbon motif, the male staff members wore powdered wigs and breeches the women were costumed in flouncy gowns and   beehive wigs in the style of Marie Antoinette, the queen guillotined in the French Revolution. The disconnect between high society and huddled masses would have been complete if not for the fact that   ’s proprietor  —   the guest of honor that evening, though he had to stand in line with his wife to get into his own ballroom  —   was the very person who had signed the immigration order and had gone to court to preserve it: Mr. Trump. “We’ll win,” the president said to a reporter on   duty, who asked him whether he was confident of the government’s legal appeal. “For the safety of the country, we’ll win. ” When another reporter asked whether he would abide by the federal court’s ruling, Mr. Trump smiled thinly but did not answer, shifting from foot to foot, as the first lady, Melania Trump, resplendent in a pink evening gown and diamond and emerald earrings, stared serenely ahead. This is    in the first month of the Trump presidency, still making the transition from a   club for the tanned and surgically enhanced snowbirds of Florida’s Gold Coast to the “winter White House” that the cereal heiress Marjorie Merriweather Post always dreamed it would be after she built the   castle in the 1920s. Like his residence, Mr. Trump is also still in transition, caught between the demands of being president (a 5 p. m. phone call with President Petro O. Poroshenko of Ukraine) and the reassuring rituals of his old life (a round of golf at his club in nearby West Palm Beach). On his first weekend here since being inaugurated, the Red Cross ball fell into the   category. He had hosted the benefit several times over the past 20 years, said Dick Robinson, a friend and Palm Beach philanthropist, who stopped by to chat with the White House press corps, which now shows up alongside reporters from the local papers to chronicle events like this. The sight of Mr. Trump lining up with his guests was remarkable, given that presidents normally enter a room only after everyone else is seated, and then often to the strains of “Hail to the Chief. ” With his tuxedo jacket unbuttoned, clutching his wife’s hand, he looked more like the   who spent years greeting the guests at his club. And yet there were myriad other signs of how Mr. Trump’s life has changed, from the security checkpoint set up in an adjacent parking lot and the police boat that bobs in the Intracoastal Waterway to the Secret Service agents who peered into the crowd as he and Mrs. Trump shimmied to a band playing Bob Seger’s “Old Time Rock ’n’ Roll. ” Mr. Trump’s weekend also had that    vibe that most presidential getaways have. In addition to the call with Mr. Poroshenko, he spoke to Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni of Italy, Prime Minister Bill English of New Zealand and the secretary general of NATO, Jens Stoltenberg  —   a conversation that could not have been relaxing, given Mr. Trump’s earlier assertions that the alliance is a Cold War relic. In its   summary of the Ukraine call, the White House described the exchange with Mr. Poroshenko as “very good” and quoted Mr. Trump as saying, “We will work with Ukraine, Russia and other parties to help them restore peace along the border”  —   a statement that did not take account of the fact that Russia unlawfully annexed Crimea. Mr. Trump brought along his chief of staff, Reince Priebus, and his chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, which suggested that he was briefed regularly on the legal battle over his immigration order. Mr. Priebus and Mr. Bannon both stayed at    which has guest rooms. Even when Mr. Trump was off the clock, he appeared preoccupied by the world outside. On Saturday morning, he began a Twitter tirade against the Seattle judge who had blocked the immigration order. Though he went quiet during the four and a half hours he was at the Trump International Golf Club  —   the White House declined to confirm that he actually played golf or say who his partners were  —   the Twitter posts resumed when he got back to the house. Even as his guests were mingling during cocktails, Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter, “The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interest at heart. Bad people are very happy!” When Mr. Trump bought    at a   price in 1985, he was viewed by many in this uppity enclave as a parvenu who would cheapen the legacy of the estate. Those days are gone  —   especially now that he has the power to make his friends ambassadors to European capitals. But Mr. Trump still draws his share of catcalls  —   some subtle, others not. Across the street from his golf club, the Palm Beach County Library had a sign in the front door advertising an evening with Amy Sherman, a reporter from The Miami Herald and PolitiFact Florida, to discuss how to expose disingenuous political figures. “Pants on Fire: How to   Politicians,” it said. On Saturday, about 3, 000 demonstrators marched along Flagler Drive, carrying signs and chanting, “    Donald Trump has got to go. ” About 300 managed to walk across the bridge to Palm Beach, according to The Palm Beach Post, where they got within 25 yards of    before encountering an armored security vehicle. At 8 p. m. when the fireworks exploded above the estate, they cast a glow on the crowd, witnesses said, giving them a better view of the show than the one enjoyed by the guests inside Mr. Trump’s winter White House.",0
13238,Trump Deputy Assistant Sebastian Gorka Reveals Death Threats,"Authorities dismissed a misdemeanor gun charge against Trump Deputy Assistant Sebastian Gorka Friday after a lengthy process revealed Gorka and his family had received a flurry of death threats related to their counterterrorism work. [Law enforcement authorities concluded the possession of the gun was an accident.  On January 31, 2015, a TSA agent detected a handgun in Gorka’s bag at Reagan Washington National Airport. The Wall Street Journal reported Gorka was then “charged in Arlington County, Va. with carrying a weapon in an airport terminal, a misdemeanor,” and police set a hearing. He made a court appearance in August 2016 and was ordered to forfeit his weapon, pay court costs, and “be of general good behavior for six months. ” In disclosing past events for his position as deputy assistant, Gorka recounted the incident and explained the pressure he and his wife, the Council on Global Security president, Katharine Gorka, were under when he “grabbed the wrong bag” and brought the gun to the airport. Gorka explained in a statement that the threats his family received in the days leading up to the incident: After the Paris terror attacks, my wife Katie Gorka, who works in the counterterrorism field, gave an interview to the Wall Street Journal on the international refugee crisis. After the video aired online, my family started to receive death threats on our home phone and my mobile, at all hours. After I managed to record one of these threats, I reported them to the local police (Fairfax, VA). Also, I was advised by my friends at the FBI to take the threats seriously, and the Bureau initiated an investigation through their Washington Field Office for Counterterrorism. Eventually the investigation revealed the   radical group Anonymous was behind the  . At the same time my wife was encouraged by local police to apply for a Concealed Handgun Carry Permit, and I started to attend the range more regularly as well (I was already a permit holder). Gorka also explained how he accidentally ended up at the airport with a handgun: On January 31, 2015 I was traveling by Defense Department official request to U. S. Special Operations Command to give a briefing on ISIS. On the way to Reagan National I grabbed the wrong bag, one I had just used at the range, which contained an unloaded handgun. I was not aware I had done this but of course it was picked up on the   machine by TSA. The officer who caught it recognized me from TV, I showed them my Defense Department ID, and I was issued a fine but allowed to board my flight. At the same time, since Reagan falls under Arlington County, I was required to appear in County Court also at a later date. On August 8th 2016 the court fined me $150 and the gun was confiscated. The judge decided that if I were not involved in any other incident over the next six months, the charge would be dropped. When the WSJ reported the charges against Gorka, it pointed out that the misdemeanor charge would not “disqualify” Gorka from securing security clearance as long as he revealed it to investigators. Gorka was forthcoming about the incident: “Steve Bannon was aware of this from the beginning” and Gorka “informed General Flynn” prior to joining the “NSC Transition Team. ” Moreover, he reported details of the incident on his   security form. Law enforcement authorities dropped the charges against Gorka on February 3, 2017. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
13239,Report: Obama Intel Officials Used ‘Russia Blackmail’ Claims to Warn Israel About Trusting Trump  ,"TEL AVIV  —   U. S. intelligence officials warned their Israeli counterparts not to trust   Donald Trump with intelligence secrets, citing alleged fears that Russia held blackmail information over Trump, according to a report today in Israel’s respected Yediot Ahronot daily newspaper. [The alleged blackmail information that U. S. officials reportedly warned Israel about seems to be in part referencing details contained in a debunked document of mysterious origin purporting to be an intelligence report alleging that Russia collected compromising videos and information on Trump.  In the report, investigative journalist Ronen Bergman writes of a meeting that took place “recently between Israeli and American intelligence officials (the date of the meeting is not mentioned to protect the sources of the report). ” Continued Bergman: During the meeting, according to the Israelis who participated in it, their American colleagues voiced despair over Trump’s election, as he often lashes out at the American intelligence community. The American officials also told the Israelis that the National Security Agency (NSA) had “highly credible information” that Russia’s intelligence agencies, the FSB and GRU, were responsible for hacking the Democratic Party (DNC) servers during the elections and leaking sensitive information to WikiLeaks, which hurt Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. The American officials further added that they believed Russian President Vladimir Putin had “leverages of pressure” over Trump  —   but did not elaborate. They were apparently referring to what was published Wednesday about embarrassing information collected by the Russian intelligence in a bid to blackmail the  . The Americans implied that their Israeli colleagues should “be careful” as of January 20, Trump’s inauguration date, when transferring intelligence information to the White House and to the National Security Council (NSC) which is subject to the president. According to the Israelis who were present in the meeting, the Americans recommended that until it is made clear that Trump is not inappropriately connected to Russia and is not being extorted  —   Israel should avoid revealing sensitive sources to administration officials for fear the information would reach the Iranians. BuzzFeed on Tuesday published the   document claiming Russia had collected blackmail information on Trump, including videos of the   in compromising positions. “The allegations are unverified, and the report contains errors,” a BuzzFeed   cautioned. Contacted by Breitbart Jerusalem, Bergman said that according to his sources, the meeting between U. S. and Israeli officials took place before the publication of the dossier on Tuesday and that the dossier wasn’t specifically mentioned to the Israelis, only the charge that Russian President Vladimir Putin has some sort of unspecified “leverage” over Trump. Bergman said that after the dossier was published, he contacted his sources again and they told him that they themselves were speculating that the “leverage” claim could have in part referred to the dossier.  Bergman is the author of a forthcoming book on the history of the Mossad set to be published later this year by Random House. US intel sources warn Israel against sharing secrets with Trump #WhiteHouse staff. Fear leak to #Russia#Iran https:  .  #Mossad pic. twitter.   —   Ronen Bergman (@ronenbergman) January 12, 2017,  BuzzFeed’s publication of the document prompted a flurry of news media reports drawing attention to the salacious and unproven details. CNN fanned the flames by reporting that “classified documents” presented to President Obama and Trump included “allegations that Russian operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial information” on Trump, the news network claimed, citing “multiple US officials with direct knowledge of the briefings. ” The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday reported the author of the dossier was Christopher Steele, who serves as a director at the   Orbis Business Intelligence Ltd. which has refused to comment on the reports of the document’s origin. In October, Mother Jones reported on the contents of the dossier, writing the information was produced by a former Western intelligence officer who was assigned to the task for the purpose of an “opposition research project originally financed by a Republican client critical of the celebrity mogul. ” Director of National Intelligence James Clapper released a statement yesterday that he had called Trump that day to tell him that the intelligence community “has not made any judgment that the information in this document is reliable. ” Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.",0
13240,"Tyrus Wong, ‘Bambi’ Artist Thwarted by Racial Bias, Dies at 106 - The New York Times","When Walt Disney’s “Bambi” opened in 1942, critics praised its spare, haunting visual style, vastly different from anything Disney had done before. But what they did not know was that the film’s striking appearance had been created by a Chinese immigrant artist, who took as his inspiration the landscape paintings of the Song dynasty. The extent of his contribution to “Bambi,” which remains a   mark for film animation, would not be widely known for decades. Like the film’s title character, the artist, Tyrus Wong, weathered irrevocable separation from his mother  —   and, in the hope of making a life in America, incarceration, isolation and rigorous interrogation  —   all when he was still a child. In the years that followed, he endured poverty, discrimination and chronic lack of recognition, not only for his work at Disney but also for his fine art, before finding acclaim in his 90s. Mr. Wong died on Friday at 106. A Hollywood studio artist, painter, printmaker, calligrapher,   illustrator and, in later years, maker of fantastical kites, he was one of the most celebrated   artists of the 20th century. But because of the marginalization to which   were long subject, he passed much of his career unknown to the general public. Artistic recognition, when Mr. Wong did find it, was all the more noteworthy for the fact that among Chinese immigrant men of his generation, professional prospects were largely limited to menial jobs like houseboy and laundryman. Trained as a painter, Mr. Wong was a leading figure in the Modernist movement that flourished in California between the first and second World Wars. In 1932 and again in 1934, his work was included in group shows at the Art Institute of Chicago that also featured Picasso, Matisse and Paul Klee. As a staff artist for Hollywood studios from the 1930s to the 1960s, he drew storyboards and made vibrant paintings, as detailed as any architectural illustrations, that helped the director envision each scene before it was shot. Over the years his work informed the look of animated pictures for Disney and   films for Warner Brothers and other studios, among them “The Sands of Iwo Jima” (1949) “Rebel Without a Cause” (1955) and “The Wild Bunch” (1969). But of the dozens of films on which he worked, it was for “Bambi” that Mr. Wong was  —   belatedly  —   most renowned. “He was truly involved with every phase of production,” John Canemaker, an   animator and a historian of animation at New York University, said in an interview for this obituary in March. “He created an art direction that had really never been seen before in animation. ” In 2013 and 2014, Mr. Wong was the subject of “Water to Paper, Paint to Sky,” a major retrospective at the Disney Family Museum in San Francisco. From the museum’s windows, which overlook San Francisco Bay, he could contemplate Angel Island, where more than nine decades earlier, as a lone    he had sought to gain admission to a country that adamantly did not want him. Wong Gen Yeo (the name is sometimes Romanized Wong Gaing Yoo) was born on Oct. 25, 1910, in a farming village in Guangdong Province. As a young child, he already exhibited a love of drawing and was encouraged by his father. In 1920, seeking better economic prospects, Gen Yeo and his father embarked for the United States, leaving his mother and sister behind. Gen Yeo would never see his mother again. They were obliged to travel under false identities  —   a state of affairs known among Chinese immigrants as being a “paper son”  —   in the hope of circumventing the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882. Signed into law by President Chester A. Arthur, the act, which drastically curtailed the number of Chinese people allowed to enter the country, was among the earliest United States laws to impose severe restrictions on immigration. But in 1906, an unforeseen loophole opened in the form of the San Francisco earthquake and fire. Because a huge number of municipal documents, including birth and immigration records, were destroyed, many newly arrived Chinese capitalized on the loss, maintaining that they had been born in San Francisco before the fire. As United States citizens, they were entitled to bring over their relatives  —   or, in the case of Gen Yeo and his father, “paper sons” posing as relatives. Attuned to the deception, United States immigration officials put Chinese arrivals through a formidable inquisition to ensure they were who they claimed to be. The questions came like gunfire: In which direction does your village face? How many windows are in your house? Where in the house is the rice bin? How wide is your well? How deep? Are there trees in your village? Are there lakes? What shops can you name? The sponsoring relative was interrogated separately, and the answers had to match. For the new arrival, a major mistake, or a series of smaller ones, could mean deportation. To stand a chance of passing, aspirants memorized rigorous dossiers known as coaching papers. The ensuing interrogation was hard enough for adults.    Gen Yeo would undergo it alone. On Dec. 30, 1920, after a month at sea, the Wongs landed at Angel Island Immigration Station. The elder Mr. Wong was traveling as a merchant named Look Get his son as Look Tai Yow. “Angel Island is considered to be the Ellis Island of the West Coast,” Lisa See, the author of “On Gold Mountain” (1995) a nonfiction chronicle of her   family, said in an interview in 2016. However, she continued: “The goal was really very different than Ellis Island, which was supposed to be so welcoming. Angel Island opened very specifically to keep the Chinese out. ” Because Mr. Wong’s father had previously lived in the United States as Look Get, he was able to clear Immigration quickly. But as a new arrival, Gen Yeo was detained on the island for nearly a month, the only child among the immigrants being held there. “I was scared half to death I just cried,” Mr. Wong recalled in “Tyrus,” an   documentary directed by Pamela Tom, which premiered in 2015. “Every day is just miserable  —   miserable. I hated that place. ” On Jan. 27, 1921, in the presence of an interpreter and a stenographer, young Gen Yeo, posing as Look Tai Yow, was interrogated by three inspectors. His father had already been questioned. Gen Yeo was well prepared and answered without error. In Sacramento, where he joined his father, a schoolteacher Americanized “Tai Yow” to “Tyrus,” and he was known as Tyrus Wong ever after. Soon afterward, father and son were separated once more, when the elder Mr. Wong moved to Los Angeles to seek work. For reasons that have been lost to time, he could not take his son. Tyrus lived on his own in a Sacramento boardinghouse while attending elementary school. Two years later  —   possibly more  —   Tyrus traveled to Los Angeles to join his father, who had found work in a gambling den. They lived in a   boardinghouse sandwiched between a butcher shop and a brothel. After school, Tyrus worked as a houseboy for two Pasadena families, earning 50 cents a day. His first art teacher was his father, who trained him nightly in calligraphy by having him dip a brush in water and trace ghostly characters on newspaper: They could not afford ink or drawing paper. When Tyrus was in junior high, a teacher, noting his drawing talent, arranged a summer scholarship to the Otis Art Institute in Los Angeles. By his own account an indifferent student in public school, Tyrus found his calling at the institute, now the Otis College of Art and Design. When his scholarship ended he declined to return to junior high. His father scraped together the $90 tuition  —   a small fortune  —   to let him stay on as Otis’s youngest student. He studied there for at least five years, simultaneously working as the school janitor, before graduating in the 1930s. Not long afterward his father died, leaving young Mr. Wong entirely on his own. From 1936 to 1938, Mr. Wong was an artist for the Works Progress Administration, creating paintings for libraries and other public spaces. With friends, including the   artist Benji Okubo, he founded the Oriental Artists’ Group of Los Angeles, which organized exhibitions of members’ work  —   an   level of exposure for Asian artists at the time. Mr. Wong, newly married and needing steady work, joined Disney in 1938 as an “” creating the thousands of intermediate drawings that bring animated sequences to life. Asians were then a novelty at Hollywood studios, and Mr. Wong was made keenly aware of the fact, first at Disney and later at Warner Brothers. One   flung a racial epithet at him. Another assumed on sight that he worked in the company cafeteria. Then there was the affront of the  ’s job itself: Painstaking, repetitive and for Mr. Wong quickly   it is the   work of animation  —   “a terrible use of his talents as a landscape artist and a painter,” Mr. Canemaker said. A reprieve came in the late 1930s, when Mr. Wong learned that Disney was adapting “Bambi, a Life in the Woods,” the 1923 novel by the Austrian writer Felix Salten about a fawn whose mother is killed by a hunter. In trying to animate the book, Disney had reached an impasse. The studio had enjoyed great success in 1937 with its animated film “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs,” a baroque production in which every detail of the backgrounds  —   every petal on every flower, every leaf on every tree  —   was meticulously represented. In an attempt to use a similar style for “Bambi,” it found that the ornate backgrounds camouflaged the deer and other forest creatures on which the narrative centered. Mr. Wong spied his chance. “I said, ‘Gee, this is all outdoor scenery,’” he recalled in a video interview years afterward, adding: “I said, ‘Gee, I’m a landscape painter! ’” Invoking the exquisite landscape paintings of the Song dynasty (A. D. 960 —  1279) he rendered in watercolors and pastels a series of nature scenes that were moody, lyrical and atmospheric  —   at once lush and spare  —   with backgrounds subtly suggested by a stroke or two of the brush. “Walt Disney went crazy over them,” said Mr. Canemaker, who wrote about Mr. Wong in his book “Before the Animation Begins: The Art and Lives of Disney Inspirational Sketch Artists” (1996). “He said, ‘I love this indefinite quality, the mysterious quality of the forest. ’” Mr. Wong was unofficially promoted to the rank of inspirational sketch artist. “But he was more than that,” Mr. Canemaker explained. “He was the designer he was the person they went to when they had questions about the color, about how to lay something out. He even influenced the music and the special effects: Just by the look of the drawings, he inspired people. ” Mr. Wong spent two years painting the illustrations that would inform every aspect of “Bambi. ” Throughout the finished film  —   lent a brooding quality by its stark landscapes misty, desaturated palette and figures often seen in silhouette  —   his influence is unmistakable. But in 1941, in the wake of a bitter employees’ strike that year, Disney fired Mr. Wong. Though he had chosen not to strike  —   he felt the studio had been good to him, Mr. Canemaker said  —   he was let go amid the lingering climate of   resentments. On “Bambi,” Mr. Wong’s name appears, quite far down in the credits, as a mere “background” artist. Mr. Wong joined Warner Brothers in 1942, working there  —   and lent out on occasion to other studios  —   until his retirement in 1968. The indignities he endured were not confined to the studios. Trying to buy a house, he and his wife, the former Ruth Kim, were told that each property they inquired about had just been sold. “Then in a month you’d go back there and the sign was still there,” Mr. Wong recalled in “Tyrus. ” After the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941, Mr. Wong, like many   took to wearing a lapel button proclaiming his heritage, lest an angry American beat him up on the street. The war permanently dispersed the fledgling Oriental Artists’ Group. Mr. Wong’s friend Mr. Okubo was sent, with tens of thousands of other   to an internment camp. “If World War II hadn’t happened when it did, I think these artists, even the   artists, would have more of a name than they do today,” Ms. See said. “And that’s because this little movement that had just barely started was split apart by the war. ” Mr. Wong, who became a United States citizen in 1946, also designed Christmas cards for Hallmark and painted elegant   designs on dinnerware, now sought after by collectors. A longtime resident of Sunland, Calif. he became, in retirement, a renowned kitemaker, designing, building and hand coloring astonishing, airworthy creations  —   butterflies, swallows, whole flocks of owls, centipedes more than 100 feet long  —   that streaked the Southern California sky like paint on blue canvas. During the last 15 years of Ruth Wong’s life, when she was ill with dementia, Mr. Wong forsook his work to care for her. After her death in 1995, he slowly began making art again. In 2001, in formal recognition of his influence on “Bambi,” Mr. Wong was named a Disney Legend. The honor  —   whose previous recipients include Fred MacMurray, Julie Andrews and Annette Funicello  —   is bestowed by the Walt Disney Company for outstanding contributions. In 2003, a retrospective of his work, curated in part by Ms. See, was the inaugural exhibition at the Chinese American Museum in Los Angeles. The Disney Family Museum’s retrospective, “Water to Paper, Paint to Sky,” traveled in 2015 to the Museum of Chinese in America, in Lower Manhattan. Mr. Wong’s death, at his home in Sunland, was confirmed by the filmmaker Ms. Tom. His survivors include three daughters, Kay Fong,   Wong and Kim Wong and two grandchildren. When his daughters were small, Mr. Wong encouraged them to make art, as his father had encouraged him. Yet he would not let them have coloring books. The reason was simple: He did not want his children constrained, he said, by lines laid down by others.",0
13241,NATO Confirms Major Buildup in Eastern Europe,"Russia Seeks to Expand Baltic Fleet as Troops Pour Into Eastern Europe by Jason Ditz, October 26, 2016 Share This 
A day after reports NATO was soliciting even more ground troops for their deployment into Eastern Europe, officials are reporting “progress” in recruiting more troops from more member nations to participate in the deployment, intended to be around 40,000 troops along the Baltic states, near Russia’s border. 
NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg claimed to have been “ very inspired ” by the response of nations he sought troops from, after yesterday’s report quoted diplomats as saying the deployment was meant to both “confront” Russia and to undercut Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s complaints NATO isn’t participating enough in its own defense. 
The new participants in the deployment include Albania, Slovenia, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Croatia, Belgium, and Norway. The size of individual deployments from different nations is unclear, but there will be four battalions, and the US is expected to provide the majority. 
With all these troops headed to the Baltic coast, reports out of Russia’s media suggest that they are planning some new warship deployments into their Baltic Fleet, with an eye toward enhancing their targeting capacity along the shore. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
13242,"Dan Coats, the ‘Mister Rogers’ Senator Poised to Be Intelligence Chief - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump is expected to choose as director of national intelligence   Senator Dan Coats, a former ambassador to Germany, secret foodie and lover of all things Indiana who also served as a member of his chamber’s Intelligence Committee. Known for a   style, Mr. Coats was popular among his colleagues. “I always thought he should wear a red cardigan,” said Senator Cory Gardner, Republican of Colorado. “He was the closest thing to Mister Rogers we could come up with. ” While fiscally conservative, Mr. Coats, an Indiana Republican who completed his second Senate stint this month, often found common cause with Democrats, who described him as thoughtful on intelligence and national security issues, with a sharp intellect and disarming humor. “I have always been impressed with his demeanor,” said Senator Angus King, a Maine independent who caucuses with the Democrats, and who served on the Intelligence Committee with Mr. Coats and traveled with him in Eastern Europe. “He’s not a fierce partisan and knows the intelligence community. He’s very amiable and easy to work with. ” The position of America’s top intelligence official was created by Congress in 2004, as a response to criticism that the nation’s spy agencies had failed to detect and prevent the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11, 2001. Since then, the director has been charged with coordinating the   and analysis of the country’s 16 civilian and military spy agencies, helping to prevent a terrorist attack and serving as a central liaison to presidents and their White House staff. But bureaucratic turf wars have dogged the office of the director of national intelligence since its creation. Officials who run the C. I. A. and the Defense Intelligence Agency, among others, have sought to maintain control over parts of the spying apparatus, and to exert influence with presidents and members of Congress. In 2009, for example, Leon E. Panetta, President Obama’s incoming C. I. A. director, clashed with Dennis C. Blair, the director of national intelligence at the time, after Mr. Blair sought to select the top American spies for overseas postings. Mr. Panetta sent a dispatch to the agency’s employees telling them to ignore Mr. Blair’s message  —   an assertion that the C. I. A. was in charge. The rivalries have weakened the national intelligence office and led some critics in the government to question its effectiveness. The year that Mr. Obama took office, an internal report criticized the office of national intelligence for adding to  —   not removing  —   bureaucratic bloat and doing little to end the tensions among the various spy agencies. In 2010, James R. Clapper Jr. the current director of national intelligence, insisted during his Senate confirmation hearings that he would not be a “hood ornament,” saying that despite the inherent limitations on his job, he would try to bring an end to turf battles among the nation’s spy agencies. Six years later, the job appears to have limited appeal to some intelligence professionals, several of whom were not eager to serve in the position for fear that they would not be empowered. Mr. Coats had been an early and strong contender for secretary of defense in the first term of President George W. Bush, until Mr. Bush’s vice president, Dick Cheney, successfully pressed for Donald H. Rumsfeld. Mr. Coats, 73, graduated from Wheaton College in Illinois, and served in the Army before studying at the Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law. He began a career in life insurance in Fort Wayne, Ind. before joining the office of   Dan Quayle as a district representative. Mr. Coats owed much of his political career to his ties to Mr. Quayle, the former vice president. Mr. Coats won Mr. Quayle’s House seat in 1980, the year the latter was elected to the Senate. After Mr. Quayle was elected vice president in 1988, Mr. Coats was appointed to fill his seat he served on the Senate Armed Services and Intelligence Committees. In 1998, Mr. Coats decided to not seek   largely because the Democratic challenger, Evan Bayh, was considered unbeatable. In 2001, Mr. Coats was named ambassador to Germany, arriving only three days before the Sept. 11 attacks. “Ambassador Coats found himself thrown into a role he couldn’t have foreseen a day earlier, a role in which he would excel but one that would forever change him,” Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, said on the Senate floor last year in remarks praising Mr. Coats. “Those who know Dan Coats say that day in September affected him profoundly,” he said. “He may not have known it then, but he would feel the tug of that responsibility many years later, and answer the call. ” After a brief foray into lobbying, Mr. Coats returned to the Senate in January 2011, serving again on the Intelligence Committee. Mr. Coats was also one of only a few Republican senators who supported compelling Congress to officially authorize the use of military force abroad. “You’re asking our sons and daughters to take up our cause,” he said, “and every person who is here has to decide with their own conscience if that’s something we’re going to do. ” Mr. Coats enjoys visiting restaurants both in Indianapolis and in small hamlets that serve    food, and featured several interesting restaurants and food purveyors when it was his turn to host lunch for his Republican colleagues.",0
13243,Donald Trump Close to Picking Ben Carson as Housing Secretary - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Ben Carson, the retired neurosurgeon who ran an outsider’s campaign for the Republican presidential nomination and later backed Donald J. Trump, is likely to be chosen as secretary of housing and urban development, according to a person close to the Trump transition, suggesting that the   is seeking diversity in an administration that has started off predominantly white and male. Mr. Carson would be the first   member of Mr. Trump’s cabinet  —   and a familiar face to millions of Americans after a Republican primary campaign in which he briefly soared to the top of the polls. Mr. Trump has begun meeting with a wider array of prospects, either for advice or as potential cabinet picks. He is also considering Harold Ford Jr. an   former Democratic representative from Tennessee, for transportation secretary or another post, though that process has not yet become serious, a Trump official said. Interviewed on Tuesday on the Fox News program “Your World With Neil Cavuto,” Mr. Carson said the   had offered him multiple positions in his cabinet. Asked specifically about the housing job, he replied, “I would say that it was one of the offers on the table. ” Mr. Carson’s job prospects had gotten somewhat lost in the recent flurry of speculation about key national security positions, as well as his own misgivings about his qualifications. But on Tuesday, Mr. Carson thrust himself back into the spotlight, with an assist from Mr. Trump. “I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD,” Mr. Trump said on Twitter, using the acronym for the Department of Housing and Urban Development. “I’ve gotten to know him well  —   he’s a greatly talented person who loves people!” In recent days, Mr. Trump has broadened the list of people he is consulting to include Michelle Rhee, a former District of Columbia schools chancellor Representative Tulsi Gabbard, the Hawaii Democrat who is the first Hindu member of Congress and Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina, an  . Mr. Ford, with whom he has not yet met, is a regular commentator on the MSNBC show “Morning Joe,” whose host, Joe Scarborough, Mr. Trump regularly calls for advice. So far, however, his picks have consisted of five white men: Stephen K. Bannon as chief strategist in the White House, Reince Priebus as chief of staff, Senator Jeff Sessions as attorney general, Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn as national security adviser, and Representative Mike Pompeo as director of the C. I. A. Mr. Trump is also rumored to be close to naming Gen. James N. Mattis as secretary of defense. While not as vocal as other supporters like Rudolph W. Giuliani or Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, Mr. Carson has been a steadfast backer of Mr. Trump. He went on television to defend him after the release of an “Access Hollywood” tape in which Mr. Trump spoke about groping women. But his last job was as director of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins University, and he has little background in housing. In the Fox interview, Mr. Carson cited his childhood in Detroit and his experience treating   patients as qualifications for the job. “I grew up in the inner city,” he said, “and have spent a lot of time there and have dealt with a lot of patients from that area and recognize that we cannot have a strong nation if we have weak inner cities, and we have to get beyond the promises and start really doing something. ” “You know, our inner cities are in terrible shape, and they definitely need some real attention,” Mr. Carson continued. “You know, there have been so many promises made over the last several decades, and nothing has been done, so it certainly is something that has been a   interest of mine, and I’ll be thinking and praying about it seriously over the holiday. ” Mr. Carson’s remarks were a striking reversal from last week, when a friend of his said he had turned down an offer from Mr. Trump to be secretary of health and human services, citing his lack of experience in running a vast federal bureaucracy. “Dr. Carson feels he has no government experience, he’s never run a federal agency,” his friend Armstrong Williams told The Hill newspaper. “The last thing he would want to do was take a position that could cripple the presidency. ” The Department of Housing and Urban Development, which was established by President Lyndon B. Johnson in 1965, had 8, 416 employees and an annual budget of $32. 6 billion as of 2014. On his own Facebook page, Mr. Carson has said he would prefer to remain an outside adviser to Mr. Trump. “My decision not to seek a cabinet position in the Trump administration has nothing to do with the complexity of the job, as is being reported by some news outlets,” Mr. Carson said. “I believe it is vitally important for the Trump administration to have many outspoken friends and advisers who are outside of the Washington bubble. ” The relationship between Mr. Carson and Mr. Trump has had its ups and downs. Before the primaries, when Mr. Carson was riding high in the polls, Mr. Trump accused his rival of having a “pathological temper. ” He based his accusation on a passage in “Gifted Hands,” Mr. Carson’s autobiography, in which he described having a strong temper and said that when he became angry, “I grabbed the nearest brick, rock or stick to bash someone. ” During the debates, however, Mr. Trump generally spared Mr. Carson the cutting remarks he aimed at Jeb Bush and Senator Marco Rubio of Florida. Later, when Mr. Carson endorsed Mr. Trump, he conceded that it was difficult to reconcile the bombastic figure on the trail with what he described as a more thoughtful person behind closed doors. “There’s the one you see on the stage,” Mr. Carson said, “and there’s the one who’s very cerebral, sits there and considers things very carefully. ”",0
13244,"It is possible, says woman who survived four-year relationship with twat","It is possible, says woman who survived four-year relationship with twat 10-11-16 A WOMAN who survived four years with a knobhead has given hope to humanity. 27-year-old Mary Fisher went out with a dick called Paul for the length of a presidential term. Fisher said: “To be honest, the four years went by just like that. It’s scary, really. Where does the time go? “I was continually thinking about dumping him but you know how it is, he’d do something dickish like selling my bike at Cash Converters to go out on the piss, then be massively apologetic so that I’d take pity on him. “Looking back I have no idea what I was playing at, which I imagine might become a familiar sensation to quite a few Americans. Anyway it’s over now.” She added: “I definitely wouldn’t go out with him for another four years though. I need to make that very clear. No way.” 
Share:",0
13245,Proof of otherwordly presence - link,"Proof of otherwordly presence - link this guy is visited by energies from another world... Mail with questions or comments about this site. ""Godlike Productions"" & ""GLP"" are registered trademarks of Zero Point Ltd. Godlike™ Website Design Copyright © 1999 - 2015 Godlikeproductions.com Page generated in 0.01s (10 queries)",0
13246,UN Joint Investigation Mechanism in Syria Needs ‘Some Added Value’,"0 22 1 0 The UN Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM) in Syria needs to include broader functions if its mandate is to be extended, Russian Ambassador to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin said after a UN Security Council meeting. 
UNITED NATIONS (Sputnik) — Churkin explained that Russia had previously proposed expanding the JIM's mandate to track reports of terrorist groups preparing or using chemical weapons, but the proposal was blocked. © AP Photo/ Channi Anand India, China Set to Announce Mechanism to Counter Extremism ""We need to understand, if we are to extend the mandate of JIM, if some added value can be given to it,"" Churkin told reporters on Wednesday. ""First, we need to understand what the fourth report is going to be. We are discussing that tomorrow."" 
Overall, Churkin said the scope of the JIM had been too narrow and the value of their product was questionable. 
The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons United Nations Joint Investigative Mechanism was established in 2015 and allows for the investigation and prosecution of alleged war crimes involving chemical weapons in Syria. 
The UN Security Council is scheduled to discuss the JIM again on Thursday. ...",0
13247,The Results Are Pouring in – DONALD TRUMP WILL BE THE NEXT PRESIDENT,"0 comments 
An artificial intelligence (AI) system which correctly predicted the last three elections has put Donald Trump ahead of Hillary Clinton in the presidential race. 
The system is called MogIA, and it was founded in 2004 by Sanjiv Rai, the brains behind the Indian start-up Genic.ai. 
20 million data points from public platforms including Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube in the U.S. are compiled and analyzed to come up with a prediction. 
It was also determined that enthusiasm for Trump is much higher than it was for Barack Obama in 2008. In fact, Trump has overtaken Obama’s popularity that year by a whopping 25%. 
Rai’s MogIA system has only gotten smarter since it was launched, and even correctly predicted the results of this year’s Republican and Democratic primaries. 
SHARE this report if you are ready for Donald Trump to be the President of the United States!",0
13248,HillaryMediaMole.Con,"Lloyd Billingsley 
“Presidential debates between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton included a third participant: Vladimir Putin, standing in the background, stealthily inserting himself in the process.” Putin’s Russia “uses deniable cyber-hooliganism to actively prank the American political system. And it’s taking a toll. . . This is the Putin Playbook. Steal, cheat, attack, disrupt, mislead, confuse. If caught, lie and deny.” And it gets worse. 
“Unfortunately, the Republican presidential nominee reinforces this narrative, referring to a ‘rigged’ system and an indictable opponent. His outbursts follow years of domestic political discord, where comity is history, crazy seems the new normal, and a sitting president can be heckled with ‘You lie!’” 
All told, the piece reads like a Clinton press release, but it’s actually “Putin’s powerful playbook: Hack, steal, disrupt, mislead, confuse,” in the October 30, Sacramento Bee , two days after the Comey email bombshell. The author is Markos Kounalakis, billed as “a senior fellow at Central European University and visiting fellow at the Hoover Institution.” That doesn’t quite capture the man and his connections with the Clintons, which have shown up in Wikileaks. 
Mr. Kounalakis’ author line fails to reveal that he is married to Eleni Tsakopoulos-Kounalakis, daughter of real-estate tycoon Angelo Tsakopoulos. According to Greek USA Reporter , Angelo is a “top political donor to the Clintons as well as the Democratic Party,” whose “donations to former President Bill Clinton were rewarded with a night in the prestigious Lincoln Bedroom.” In 2013 Tsakopoulos, “confirmed that Hillary Clinton will seek the Democratic nomination in the next Presidential election.” 
Angelo’s daughter Eleni, a protégé of Nancy Pelosi and Barbara Boxer , raised more than $1 million for Hillary Clinton in 2008 , and that money found its reward. On January 7, 2010, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton swore in Tsakopoulos-Kounalakis as U.S. Ambassador to Hungary. In that capacity , she condemned Wikileaks for releasing secret diplomatic cables, but declined comment on the authenticity of the material. Tsakopoulos-Kounalakis served as ambassador until 2013 but as Wikileaks confirms, she continued as a key Clinton supporter doing her best to beat back a presidential run by Joe Biden. 
In a June 11, 2015 email, Eleni Tsakopoulos Kounalakis tells John Podesta that a Bay Area bagman “swears Biden is running. He said he took him on Air Force Two, and he’s getting emails.” Last July, Tsakopoulos-Kounalakis emailed Clinton confidant Jake Sullivan that “HRC indicated her view that it would be best to avoid Grexit” and a July 9, 2015 email to Sullivan, John Podesta and Huma Abedin, she supports “terms that will allow Greece to stay in the Eurozone.” 
On October 11, 2015, Tsakopoulos Kounalakis emailed Podesta that “there is a Greek American love fest going on with Joe Biden, very boy-club.” The same day she emailed Podesta and Huma Abedin that “we had a David Brock dinner with Annie Karni from Politico. She asked to use four quotes from me (see attached). I told her the first two could be with attribution, and the second two without.” 
As the emails to John Podesta and Humba Abedin reveal, “Ambassador Eleni Kounalakis,” as she styles herself, remains part of Hillary Clinton’s inner circle. Tellingly, the McClatchy-Tribune newspapers that run her husband’s columns, do not acknowledge the strong Clinton connection. 
The New York Times proclaimed Kounalakis a “White Knight” for rescuing Washington Monthly , where he served as publisher and teamed with editor Paul Glastris. This tandem made the publication a “progressive must-read,” according to Clinton strategist James Carville. Kounalakis reported for Newsweek in East Germany and ran their bureau in Prague. He also worked in Moscow for NBC Radio and Mutual news. 
Kounalakis’ books include Hope Is a Tattered Flag: Voices for the Post-Bush Era , with Peter Laufer, and Beyond Spin: the Power of Strategic Corporate Journalism with Drew Banks and Kim Daus. It remains something of a mystery how the leftist Kounalakis became a visiting fellow at the Hoover Institution, known for strong conservative writers and scholars such as Thomas Sowell, Victor Davis Hanson, and Bruce Thornton. 
Only one time, as this writer recalls, has Kounalakis acknowledged in print his wife’s strong Clinton connections. Even after the Wikileaks revelations, and with a presidential election only days away, Kounalakis did not acknowledge his wife’s key role in HRC’s inner circle with John Podesta and Huma Abedin. His October 30 Sacramento Bee piece suggests Markos is right at home in those circles. 
Kounalakis attacks “the Republican presidential nominee,” implying that he is “crazy,” and a tool of the evil Putin. On the other hand, the Clinton email scandal gets zero attention and the author piles on the ad copy: “American society has made great strides in LGBTQ rights, women’s rights and minority rights, and has a relatively strong and resilient globally innovative economy.” 
The author gives readers good cause to regard this article as pure Clinton campaign propaganda from a camouflaged Clinton crony. Maybe Markos will join his wife, Huma Abedin, and John Podesta in the Wikileaks revelations. For many observers, the issue is not where the leaks came from but whether the revelations are true and authentic. If Markos Kounalakis believes they are bogus, maybe he can write about what’s in the real ones.",0
13249,U.S. Dominates Serbia in Gold Medal Basketball Game - The New York Times,"The United States got its first gold of the Rio Games from a teenager who wasn’t expected to medal and its last from the men’s basketball team, an   collection of N. B. A. players who came into the Olympics as the overwhelming favorite. Like the    Ginny Thrasher, who opened the finals of the   air rifle event with a bull’  on her way to the upset victory, the Americans, led by Kevin Durant, were perfect, at least on paper, capping off an   campaign with a   thrashing of Serbia in Sunday’s   game. With the victory, the Americans extended their winning streak in the Olympics to 52 games and sent Mike Krzyzewski into his Team U. S. A. retirement as the first coach to win three Olympic gold medals. The Serbians did not have a scorer reach double figures until late in the fourth quarter. They had given the Americans one of their toughest tests in the preliminary rounds, coming within a missed   of sending the game into overtime before succumbing by  . Despite early foul trouble, Serbia was within four points of the Americans after the first quarter. The U. S. squad earned few style points during the tournament with its isolation offense, but it started to move the ball better as the game went on and wisely got it in the hands of Durant, who finished with 30 points. Durant, who left the Oklahoma City Thunder last month to join his U. S. Olympic teammates Klay Thompson and Draymond Green on the Golden State Warriors, took over the game in the second quarter. His highlight reel included a spectacular   run in the span of less than a minute that included    contested   and a steal that he finished emphatically with a dunk. At halftime, Durant had 24 points, five fewer than Serbia, which trailed by  . “I just tried to go out there and be who I am,” Durant said, adding that in the first few games of the tournament, “I was trying too hard to sacrifice and make the extra pass and it was taking away from my game. ” Durant was finished for the night before any Serbian player reached double figures. “We just wanted to play a good game,” Durant said, adding, “To come out there and play as well as we did against a team that had stepped up its level as well shows that we came together at the right time. ” The Serbian defense that had locked down Australia, holding its semifinal opponent to 14 points in the first half, could not slow the Americans, who made several shots with hands in their faces. The United States shot 44 percent from the field. Serbia, which shot 38 percent, was led by Nemanja Nedovic’s 14 points on 10 shots. Durant, at the urging of his team, had 19 attempts. As Krzyzewski joked, “It’s called the ultimate green light. ” The Serbian coach, Aleksandar Djordjevic, said that from the second quarter on, “Our morale was going down. ” The Americans’ margin of victory in their first seven games was 21. 4 points, which sounds impressive until measured against the gold standard set by the 1992 team, the first to include N. B. A. players, which beat its opponents by an average of 44 points. The U. S. mission to win gold allowed for few frivolities. Citing the energy drain of mixing and mingling with other Olympians, the American men and women players stayed on a cruise ship, eschewing the athletes’ village, where they might have run into Usain Bolt, whose individual star power outshines the Americans’ collective eminence. That is not to say the men lived in a bubble. The Knicks’ Carmelo Anthony ventured into a favela to play   basketball with youngsters and the Pacers’ Paul George met and had his photograph taken with the Brazilian soccer star Ronaldo. Anthony, criticized for his inability to bring an N. B. A. championship to Denver or New York, now has three golds to go with his bronze from 2004 as a member of the only U. S. men’s team since 1992 that failed to win. Anthony had seven points and also finished with seven rebounds for a career total of 125 to pass David Robinson as the   U. S. leader. He struggled to corral his emotions afterward as he reflected the journey that has seen him become the most decorated male player in Olympic basketball history. Anthony, who said this was his final game for Team U. S. A. said, “I don’t think I can explain how I feel right at this very moment. ” During the medals ceremony, Anthony exercised his leadership role one last time, pointing out to his teammates where the flag was during the playing of the national anthem. ”I just told them look at the highest flag,” he said.",0
13250,"US Threatens Military Hacks on Russia’s Electric, Communications Grids Over Election","Pentagon Preparing for Massive Election Day Hacking Offensive by Jason Ditz, November 04, 2016 Share This 
This US has publicly threatened ‘retaliatory’ hacks against Russia for weeks now, based on allegations that Russia may have been involved in certain hacks related to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Russia denied involvement and the US government has been unable to produce any concrete evidence of Russian involvement. 
Vice President Joe Biden went so far as to confirm the US had informed Vladimir Putin that the US would conduct revenge attacks “at the time of our choosing.” The time may ultimately be America’s election day, according to officials familiar with the situation. 
NBC News has reported seeing top secret documents from these officials detailing potential US plans to launch military cyber attacks against Russia’s civilian infrastructure, with the documents claiming advanced US cyber weapons were prepared to take down Russia’s entire electricity grid, all telecommunications networks, and the Kremlin’s own command systems. 
The reports are emerging in the context of US officials speculating that Russia might launch cyber attacks against the US during the election to try to disrupt it. Since they offered no evidence for this either, it raises concerns that the US is simply setting up a pretext for timing its own attacks around them. 
That officials are trying to assure the media that such huge attacks would only be launched in retaliation offers little comfort, given the administration’s willingness to claim anything and everything remotely election-related and embarrassing to the Clinton campaign as a Russian plot. 
Such massive US attacks on Russian infrastructure, regardless of the pretext, would likely be seen as an act of war. The US has made clear in the past they would regard cyber attacks of a large enough scale as equivalent to conventional military attacks, and given the scale that it being discussed it’s hard to imagine Russia would not react similarly. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
13251,"In Hacked Audio, Hillary Clinton Rethinks Obama’s Nuclear Upgrade Plan - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Hillary Clinton expressed doubts about whether the United States should go forward with a   modernization of its nuclear forces at a   in February, questioning an Obama administration plan that she has remained largely silent on in public. Mrs. Clinton also suggested she would be far tougher against foreign nations that hack into American computer networks and would kill one of the Pentagon’s pet projects, a   cruise missile. “The last thing we need,” she told the audience, “are sophisticated cruise missiles that are nuclear armed. ” Her comments were contained in an audio recording of the   that appeared on the website of The Washington Free Beacon, a conservative publication, which said it was gleaned from the hack of a campaign staff member. But it said nothing about who did the hacking. At a moment when Mrs. Clinton and the Obama administration have warned that Russia is trying to influence the American election, the mysterious release of the tape is also certain to raise new questions about the scope of attacks on the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton campaign. A former Defense Department official present at the   Andrew C. Weber, who raised the question about nuclear modernization, verified the contents of the tape, but also suggested its release was part of the same hacking campaign that exposed D. N. C. emails. Before she turned to nuclear matters, Mrs. Clinton used the   to suggest that she would be much firmer against foreign nations that hack into American networks. Though the administration never formally accused China of stealing the   records of nearly 22 million federal employees and contractors, she called the theft “a gold mine for Chinese intelligence. ” “They are at it all the time,” she said of the Chinese   hackers. But she also seemed to suggest  —   more directly than she did in Monday night’s debate  —   that she thinks the best deterrent to the Russians, the Chinese, the Iranians and the North Koreans, all of whom she named, was a dose of American offensive cyberweaponry. “They have physical assets that are also connected on the internet,” she said. “So they have to know we would retaliate. So that provides a certain level of deterrence. ” It may not: The   hacks of the Democrats’ infrastructure, so far without a visible American response, suggest that the deterrence Mrs. Clinton is relying on is not working. The   recording was made in February during a   event at the home of Beatrice and Anthony Welters in McLean, Va. Mrs. Welters was ambassador to Trinidad and Tobago when Mrs. Clinton was secretary of state. Mr. Weber was an assistant secretary of defense for nuclear programs from 2009 to 2014. Last year, after leaving office, he joined William J. Perry, a secretary of defense in the administration of President Bill Clinton and one of the Democratic Party’s most influential nuclear advisers, to write an   in The Washington Post strongly opposing White House approval of an upgraded nuclear cruise missile. The missile is part of a sweeping modernization of the American nuclear arsenal that is estimated to cost up to $1 trillion over three decades. Undertaken by the Obama administration, it features new factories, refurbished nuclear arms, and a new generation of weapon carriers, including bombers, missiles and submarines. The new bombers are to carry the new cruise missile. At the   Mr. Weber asked Mrs. Clinton about the modernization push and whether she, as president, would cancel the cruise missile, which he called a “particularly destabilizing, dangerous type of nuclear weapon. ” “I certainly would be inclined to do that,” she answered. “The last thing we need are sophisticated cruise missiles that are  . ” Mrs. Clinton went beyond the question to warn of an emerging nuclear arms race, naming Russia and China as well as Pakistan and India. “This is one of the most dangerous developments imaginable,” she told the audience. “Pakistan is running full speed to develop tactical nukes in their continuing hostility with India. ” she said. “But we live in fear that they’re going to have a coup, that jihadists are going to take over the government, they’re going to get access to nuclear weapons, and you’ll have suicide nuclear bombers. So, this could not be a more threatening scenario. ” The United States, Mrs. Clinton said, needs to “do everything we can” to restrain the competitions, including exploring new treaties with Moscow that would go beyond the New Start treaty of 2010, which she helped negotiate. Mrs. Clinton proceeded to praise Mr. Perry, saying the more he spoke out publicly and joined with Republican statesmen in trying to curb nuclear arms, “the better off we’ll be in trying to really cut this off.’ “This is going to be a big issue,” she added. “It’s not just the   cruise missile. There’s a lot of other money we’re taking about to go into refurbishing and modernization. ” “Do we have to do any of it?” Mrs. Clinton asked. “If we have to do some of it, how much do we have to do? That’s going to be a tough question, so I will look to people like you and Bill Perry to help me answer that question. ” Mr. Obama has said he wants to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in American strategy, and his aides have hinted he may believe the modernization program needs reconsideration. But he seems to have left that to his successor, and the cruise missile Mrs. Clinton spoke about so disparagingly remains in the Pentagon budget.",0
13252,Paul Ryan: ’We’re Going to Be Living with Obamacare for the Foreseeable Future’ - Breitbart,"Friday during a news conference, House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) offered remarks on his decision not to proceed ahead with a vote on the American Health Care Act, which would have according to Ryan began the process of repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act, also know as Obamacare.  During the question and answer session, Ryan was asked about the prospect of another stab at repealing and replacing Obamacare, to which he said, “We’re going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future. ” Partial transcript as follows: I don’t know what else to say other than Obamacare’s the law of the land. It’s going to be remain the law of the land until it’s replaced. We did not have quite the votes to replace this law. And so, yeah, we’re gonna be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future. I don’t know how long it’s gonna take us to replace this law. My worry is Obamacare is  —   is going to be getting even worse. Actually, I think we were probably doing the Democrats a favor. I think we are doing the architects of Obama a favor by passing this law before it gets even worse. Well, I guess that favor’s not going to be given to them and it’s going to get worse. And so, I don’t think the architects of Obamacare  —   I’m sure they may be pleased right now. But when they see how bad this thing gets, they said all the projections were being told by  —   by the plans that are participating in Obamacare. I don’t think they’re gonna like that either. Look, five states you got one plan left, one choice. Over a third of the counties in America, one plan left. And the kinds of projections we’re being told from the people providing health insurance to these people in plans, it’s gonna get even worse. And so, I don’t think the architects of Obamacare envisioned this future. It’s certainly not one we want for the American people. And I wish we had the kind of consensus we needed to bring a bill to the floor to pass and replace it but we just don’t have that right now. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
13253,"The Quebec City Mosque Victims: Professor, Butcher, Computer Technician - The New York Times","QUEBEC  —   From the outside, the Islamic Cultural Center’s building in the Ste.  neighborhood of Quebec City looks more like a medical center than a place of worship. But it is very much the heart of the city’s Muslim community and, now, a site of tragedy. Several of the six people killed by a gunman at the mosque during Sunday night prayers lived in the surrounding neighborhood, which is dominated by postwar brick houses and   apartments. Others had initially come to the area to study or teach at Laval University in Ste. . They came from Morocco, Tunisia, Algeria and Guinea, but they were connected by community and faith. Khaled Belkacemi, 60. A professor of soil and   engineering at Laval University, Mr. Belkacemi arrived in Canada with his wife, Safia Hamoudi, to escape turmoil in his native Algeria, said   Dufour, the university’s dean of agriculture and food science. Professor Dufour said that Ms. Hamoudi, who is also a faculty member at Laval, told him after the attack, “We came to Quebec and Canada because we didn’t want to stay in an environment where we have to fight or there is too much danger. ” She added, “We never thought it would happen in Quebec,” the professor said. Professor Belkacemi, who held Ph. D. s from a university in Algeria and the University of Sherbrooke in Quebec, was an authority on the effects of freezing on foods. In addition to teaching and research, Professor Belkacemi consulted on the design of food processing equipment and factories. On Facebook, Professor Belkacemi’s son, Amir, recalled his father’s decision to seek out a better life for his family in Canada. He described his father as “a good man, an example of resilience, a man loved by all, a professor and researcher emeritus, a fighter, a man who left his country to give his family a chance to live far away from horror. ” Abdelkrim Hassane, 41. An immigrant from Algeria, Mr. Hassane was a programming analyst for the Quebec provincial government. He and his wife, Louiza Mohamed Said, had three children ranging in age from 15 months to 10 years. “How will I tell my kids?” Ms. Said said in an interview with   the French service of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, adding of the man charged with the killings: “I don’t care about that person. It’s too late. It’s my husband I care about. ” Aboubaker Thabti, 44. Mr. Thabti worked in a poultry processing plant just outside Quebec City, and his wife operated a day care center. Several news reports indicated that Mr. Thabti immigrated from Tunisia about five years ago and that he was the father of two young children. “Know that this man was seen by his colleagues and manager as a courteous man, a hard worker who was smiling and discreet,” said Stéphanie Paquet, a spokeswoman for his employer, Exceldor. “Mr. Thabti was very much appreciated by all around him. ” Azzeddine Soufiane, 57. Among the first victims to be identified without official confirmation, Mr. Soufiane was a butcher who owned a small halal grocery store, Boucherie Assalam, about two minutes’ drive from the mosque. The Globe and Mail, a Toronto newspaper, reported that Mr. Soufiane came from Morocco during the 1980s to study geology at Laval University. Several members of the mosque said that Mr. Soufiane’s connection to Muslims through his store had made him an unofficial leader of the city’s Muslim community. Mamadou Tanou Barry, 42. Mr. Barry worked as a computer technician at a cosmetics company. A native of Guinea, Mr. Barry had two young children. Ibrahima Barry, 39. Another native of Guinea, Mr. Barry was a close friend of Mamadou Tanou Barry, although they were not related. Their families lived in the same apartment building in Ste. . Mr. Barry was a provincial public servant and the father of four children.",0
13254,"New England Patriots, Rex Tillerson: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Republicans used the muscle of their congressional majority to push forward some of President Trump’s most controversial cabinet nominees, a sign of the struggle ahead for Democrats. The Senate confirmed Rex Tillerson as secretary of state in a narrow, contentious vote. Several more nominations cleared committees: Senator Jeff Sessions for attorney general, Steven Mnuchin for Treasury secretary and Tom Price to head the Department of Health and Human Services. But Betsy DeVos, above, is in trouble, after two Republican senators said they would not back her for education secretary. Here’s our full coverage of the new administration. _____  2. Mr. Trump pushed back against any Democratic slowdowns in confirming his pick for the Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch, above left, suggesting that the Senate majority leader could “go nuclear” in terms of floor procedures. Later in the day, Mr. Trump flew to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware to honor the remains of the Navy commando killed in a raid on Al Qaeda forces in Yemen on Sunday, the first combat casualty of his presidency. In our new podcast, The Daily, our reporter Michael Barbaro covers the day’s big stories and ideas in 15 minutes, five days a week. Today: making sense of the Gorsuch pick. Listen here. _____  3. The administration is beginning to confront knotty foreign policy issues. Iran argued that it had not violated a U. N. Security Council resolution with its recent missile test. The U. S. called for a Security Council meeting to discuss the matter. Michael Flynn, Mr. Trump’s national security adviser, said Iran was “on notice. ” Above left, President Hassan Rouhani at an exhibition on Iran’s achievements in space technology. _____ 4. Israeli security forces clashed with settlers defying a court order to evacuate the unauthorized settlement outpost of Amona in the West Bank. Hundreds of young activists burned tires, blocked roads and barricaded themselves at the site. Amona is a flash point for the settler movement, and the case had gone through the courts for years. But hours before the police entered Amona, the Israeli government made a major   move, approving construction for 3, 000 new homes in the West Bank and calling for a new settlement to be established. _____ 5. Ban   the former United Nations chief, said he would not run for the presidency of South Korea. The surprise announcement deprives conservatives of their likeliest candidate to succeed the country’s embattled leader, Park   who is facing impeachment. “I was deeply disappointed by outdated and   egoism among some politicians,” Mr. Ban said bluntly. “I have determined that it is meaningless to try to work with them. ” _____ 6. Men whose prostate cancer comes back after surgery are more likely to survive if, along with the usual radiation, they also take drugs to block male hormones. The finding, published in The New England Journal of Medicine, comes from a   study that experts say will help clarify treatment for many patients. _____ 7. With user growth at an   high, Facebook’s   sales handily beat Wall Street estimates. The company said its sales had totaled $8. 8 billion for the fourth quarter of 2016, up about 51 percent from a year ago. _____ 8. Protect Alexa. With the proliferation of “smart” home devices like Amazon’s personal assistant, we offer some security tips to ensure that your purchase doesn’t become a    surveillance nightmare. Experts advise doing some research: Make sure the device has security features built in. And put it on a guest   network, not the one for your computing devices, so it can’t be used to snoop through your data. _____ 9. Here’s what you need to know about Super Bowl LI. It’s the New England Patriots vs. the Atlanta Falcons, playing in Houston. The Patriots are   in the big game. The Falcons have made it there only once before, and they lost. It all starts at 6:30 p. m. Eastern. Lady Gaga is headlining the halftime show. Demonstrators have vowed to protest Mr. Trump’s immigration ban during the game. The authorities say they have security measures in place to handle the crowds. _____ 10. Finally, Beyonce’s announcement that she’s pregnant  —   with twins  —   came in her signature style. The singer posted a highly stylized portrait of herself on Instagram sporting lingerie, a gauzy veil and a noticeable baby bump. “We have been blessed two times over,” she wrote. The statement was signed “The Carters. ” _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
13255,Iraqi Region Is Evicting Families of ISIS Members - The New York Times,"New York Times journalists are in the field in central and northern Iraq to assess the humanitarian impact of battles between the government and Islamic State fighters. TIKRIT, Iraq  —   Udbais Musa says he punched his son and threatened to disown him when the    announced last year that he was leaving home to join the Islamic State. Ultimately, Mr. Musa lost both his son and his house. To punish the son, Iraqi security forces evicted Mr. Musa and his family from their home on Tikrit’s outskirts on Jan. 4. He said they had been transported by military truck to a windswept displaced persons camp with only the clothes they were wearing and a few tattered personal papers. Under a new collective punishment policy by the provincial government here, at least 345 families accused of ties to the Islamic State have been evicted and confined to Al Shahama camp outside Tikrit this month, according to provincial leaders. Officials said about 200 other families had been evicted and held in a school and at a separate camp called Rubaidha. Mr. Musa, 60, now shares a    tent with nine family members whose only crime was to have a relative who had joined the Islamic State, also known as ISIS, ISIL or Daesh. Several women evicted from their homes and trucked to the Shahama camp said Iraqi security forces demolished their houses with explosives after accusing their sons or husbands of joining the terrorist group. The authorities of Salahuddin Province say the punishment against the families of ISIS members is intended to force the group’s recruits to pay a painful personal price. “Our aim is to defy the terrorists and send a stern message to the families,” Amar Hekmat, the deputy governor, said inside the barricaded provincial government center. But the evictions have set off a rancorous dispute between officials in Tikrit and politicians in Baghdad. Prime Minister Haider   in a letter to the provincial governor last week, sharply criticized the removals and ordered provincial and Baghdad officials to resolve the issue. The tensions raised by the Salahuddin officials’ actions cut to the heart of sectarian grievances across the whole country, where tens of thousands of Sunni families have been displaced either by the Islamic State or by government offensives against the group. Even as Mr. Abadi’s national government has tried to address reports of abuses by the   security forces and their militia allies, deep distrust persists in Iraq’s Sunni communities. In an interview, Mishan   a member of Parliament from Salahuddin Province, accused the provincial security commander of human rights violations against “the innocent and the repressed. ” The Salahuddin operations commander, Brig. Gen. Juma Enad Sadoon, called critics like Mr. Jiboori “barking dogs and mercenaries” and said they should not interfere in security matters in Tikrit. In an interview, General Sadoon did not indicate whether the removals would be halted. The evictions have evoked unwelcome comparisons to collective punishments, including home demolitions, imposed by Israel against families of Palestinians accused of attacks. Collective punishment is prohibited under the Third and Fourth Geneva Conventions and is generally considered illegal under international law. Officials in Tikrit cited extraordinary security concerns for the evictions. “This is a very difficult situation for us because of the terrible suffering caused by Daesh,” Mr. Hekmat said. “We are under great pressure to rebuild our city and impose civil order” after almost a year under Islamic State occupation in 2014 and 2015, he said. Khazhal Hamad, the province’s first deputy governor, said the removals protected families from retaliation by neighbors who lost family members to ISIS attacks. “There are hostile feelings toward these people, and these feelings can affect the civil peace we are trying to achieve,” Mr. Hamad said. The Tikrit evictions are perhaps a prelude to postcombat frictions in the city of Mosul, 140 miles north, if government forces can uproot Islamic State forces there. Tikrit is a potent symbol of Sunni dominion in central Iraq. Saddam Hussein was born in Awja, just outside Tikrit, and his palaces still tower over the landscape here. Yet Shiite Muslim militias, backed by Iran and known as popular mobilization forces, led the charge to evict the Islamic State from the city in April 2015. The main highway into Tikrit is now festooned with posters featuring the faces of Shiite militiamen killed in battle and images of the revered Shiite imams Hussein and Ali. Some of the posters are mounted next to Iraqi government military compounds. But local Sunni militiamen, along with Iraqi security forces, have themselves carried out some of the evictions  —   all targeting Sunnis. Thousands of Sunni tribal fighters had joined the fight against ISIS in Tikrit. Today, pockets of Islamic State fighters remain in Tikrit districts west of the Tigris River. Security officials said the small militant cells occasionally fired mortars from Sunni neighborhoods where many of the evictions have occurred. Hussein Ahmed Khalaf, director of the Shahama camp, said none of the 345 evicted families  —   1, 111 people  —   had been permitted to return home. All will undergo security screenings to determine their fates, he said. Several of those evicted said security forces had confiscated their cellphones and interrogated them about family members’ ties to the Islamic State. They said they had not been told when, or whether, they would be allowed to return home. Several acknowledged that fathers or sons had joined ISIS, but they insisted that they supported the Iraqi government. They said their children had been removed from school and compelled to endure a harsh existence in the forlorn Shahama camp. “What is the guilt of my children? They don’t know anything about Daesh,” said Eman Khalil Hamad, 34. She said she and her seven children had been evicted and their   home demolished to punish her husband, an Islamic State fighter she said she had not seen for months. Ms. Hamad said the family had suffered under the Islamic State’s harsh social codes. But now, she said, she was abused by security forces who slapped and insulted her as she was forced onto a military truck this month. Hussein   55, a Sunni Muslim tribal sheikh and a commander of a Sunni militia force that helped restore Tikrit to government control, said collective punishment was counterproductive. “It will only turn people away from the government and strengthen Daesh,” said Mr. Gibory, who wore combat fatigues with military insignia of the popular mobilization forces  —   the collective name for militia forces in Iraq. He said authorities should use “social rehabilitation” to convince families of Islamic State members that “Daesh is more dangerous than a nuclear bomb. ” “We are tribal people,” Mr. Gibory said. “We should turn to dialogue rather than dragging women and children from their homes. ” Mr. Musa, the father of the ISIS fighter, said he felt betrayed by his government. He said he had alerted the tribal sheikh in his village, on Tikrit’s west side, after his son joined the group, and disavowed both his son and the Islamic State. The sheikh signed and stamped a letter attesting to Mr. Musa’s innocence. But the security forces who evicted him refused to read the document, Mr. Musa said, clutching the worn letter inside his camp tent. Hadia Ibrahim, 44, a mother of 11 children, said two of her sons  —   one an Iraqi police officer  —   had been killed by the Islamic State. But she said she and her four daughters were now confined to the Shahama camp after her husband joined ISIS in 2014, she said. When security forces descended on her home three weeks ago, Ms. Ibrahim said, they told her, “You are the family of Daesh  —   leave!” Mr. Hamad, the first deputy governor, said evicted families ultimately might be moved to other areas, or even other provinces. “That is to be determined by security agencies,” he said. Some families with Islamic State relatives have fled Salahuddin Province altogether to avoid evictions, Mr. Hamad said. “Those people,” he said, “will never be allowed to come back. ”",0
13256,Lost Children of the Anunnaki CONFIRMED: Melanesian Tribe's DNA Carries Genes from Unknown Species - UFOholic.com,"Lost Children of the Anunnaki CONFIRMED: Melanesian Tribe’s DNA Carries Genes from Unknown Species Published on October 31, 2016 in Forbidden History by UFOholic Scientists recently discovered that islanders from Melanesia posses genes belonging to an unknown hominid species. Will this prove our Anunnaki ancestry? 
On October 20, the American Society of Human Genetics held its annual meeting and the conclusions they reached can be easily described as staggering. The data they gathered shows that people from Melanesia (an area in the South Pacific that encloses Papua New Guinea and its neighboring islands) may be packing some strange genes in their DNA. The geneticists believe the unrecognized DNA belongs to a previously undiscovered species of humanoids. 
According to Ryan Bohlender, one of the researchers involved in the study, that species is not Neanderthal or Denisovan, but something completely different. “We’re missing a population or we’re misunderstanding something about the relationships,” he stated. Like this 
The Denisovans represent an extinct species belonging to the hominid genus. They were named after the Denisova Cave in the Siberian Altai Mountains, where the first bone fragment belonging to this species was found. Very little is known about this enigmatic cousin of ours. 
Human history is a lot more complicated than we thought it was,” Bohlender said. 
Oh, yes, it is. But piece by piece, humanity’s convoluted past is brought to light. And discoveries such as this one seem to point in one direction: we might not be who we think we are. Here is a quote from the study that I think you’re going to appreciate: 
“With assumptions about population size and more recent population separation dates taken from the literature, we estimate the archaic-modern separation date at ~440,000 ± 300 years ago for all modern human populations.” 
If that number doesn’t ring any bells, allow me to reiterate the Anunnaki hypothesis. 
According to the genesis story, the twelfth planet, known as Nibiru was populated by humanoid beings very similar to us humans. After they encountered a severe atmosphere problem, they went on a quest through the solar system in order to find gold, a special metal that could heal their planet. 
When Nibiru approached Earth’s orbit, about 432,000 years BC, the Nibiruans used space ships to send people and essential goods from their planet to Earth. After they reached the surface, the advanced beings established bases in ancient Mesopotamia. 
Many believe this is the true station of mankind’s creation – inside the Anunnaki geneticists’ laboratories. And this recent study confirms this hypothesis almost to the day. It offers insight that might answer one of our oldest and most significant question: Who are we? 
In order to obtain the irrefutable solution to this age-old enigma we either have to dig deep where no-one has dug before. But this is harder said than done. Another way to do this would be to analyze the microscopic records that are hidden away inside each and every one of us. The Anunnaki knew that their DNA was the key to engineering the ideal nine-to-fiver. In our never-ending search for our true lineage, we as humans must do the same. 
In a recent endeavor, another group of scientists reached a similar conclusion. Led by evolutionary geneticist Eske Willerslev of the Natural History Museum in Denmark, the scientists examined DNA samples taken from 83 aboriginal Australians. They also tested 25 participants belonging to populations native to the highlands of Papua New Guinea. To their surprise, the researchers discovered exotic, Denisovan-like DNA in the genomes of the study volunteers. Please note, the researchers only called it Denisovan-like but in reality, the group that lent its genes to the ancestors of the participants is completely unknown. “Who this group is we don’t know,” Willerslev said. Neither do we, but one particular crowd comes to mind. 
It shouldn’t come as a surprise that such discoveries are always made when studying the genome of remote populations. Over time, these isolated groups had little contact with the outside world. They lived and procreated within closed communities and this is reflected in their genome. The richer and more diverse your ancestry is, the less likely it is for particular genes to remain unchanged. In the case of aboriginal Australians and Melanesians, the isolation meant fewer genes were altered over the course of their existence. 
It’s not hard to picture this alternative version of our past. The Anunnaki come to Earth, play god and engineer mankind. The chief scientist Enqi and the medical chief Ninti use genetic manipulation and in-vitro fertilization in order to create humans in their own image.They use mankind to serve their purposes and when it suits them, they dispense destruction in the form of a deluge of biblical(!) proportions. A few chosen humans are protected by a faction of the Anunnaki that decided to go against protocol. They survive and spread in all corners of the globe. Thousands of generations pass, and the genomes of those who ‘socialized’ the most become mingled beyond recognition. 
But in a few places, the flame of the creators still burns. ",0
13257,Paul Craig Roberts: “We All Might Be Dead Soon…”,"Economist and American civil servant Dr. Paul Craig Roberts warns of a real possibility that we might all end up dead much sooner than later as tensions rise between Russia and U.S. and the age of the apocalypse draws closer in the Middle East. 
Via YourNewsWire 

Armageddon could soon be played out between east and west, between Russia and U.S. that could destroy the world and change it forever. Each side has a vast stockpile of nuclear weapons that have never been used and were painstakingly created for an unexpected day like today, with great reasoning and planning. A small percentage of these weapons of mass destruction is sufficient to destroy the world for centuries, as depicted in the film, Planet Of The Apes.
If the US thinks it can continually transgress against Russia until Moscow gives in, it is gravely mistaken
Suffice to say, though children are at play, this is not a game. Those who have been toying with outright war against Russia, and an escalation of the conflict in Syria, are putting the lives of all Americans at risk. Of course, the threat of nuclear annihilation has been with us since the earliest days of the Cold War, but Russia has now positioned itself with the largest and most destructive nuclear arsenal of any country in the world.
Economist and political critic Dr. Paul Craig Roberts explains how diplomatic relations have broken between Russia and the United States, after the U.S. knowingly attacked pro-Assad Syria forces… that, of course, was the cherry on top of a host of insults, deliberate antagonism and a strategy that could only result in further chaos and war.
The end of negotiations is unfortunately, given that fighting it out could mean thermonuclear war that would make Hiroshima and Nagasaki look trivial in comparison.
After a period of some patience, Russia is now warning that the United States is dangerously close to turning a proxy war into a direct world war – and they are deadly serious about defending the motherland and their sworn allies – namely Assad. Any further attack could result in immediate destruction.
Putin is a formidable opponent and Russia a powerful enemy. At present time, they have the capability of wiping the entire East Coast of the United States off the map – where more than 100 million people live. Will the ranking misleaders in Washington continue to gamble with all of our lives?
VLADIMIR Putin’s nuclear stockpile could completely destroy the east coast of the US in one clean swipe should the Russian leader launch an attack on the West, an expert has warned. A staggering 112.6 million people could be at risk of extermination from the deadly missiles. Russia has the largest haul of nuclear weapons of any country in the world and reportedly has the most powerful bomb named the SS-18 – menacingly nicknamed the Satan. Experts estimate Russia has 55 of the deadly weapons, but only five would be needed to destroy the East Coast of the US. […] “Five or six of these ‘Satans’ as they are known by the US military, and the East Coast of the United States disappears.” Dr Roberts said: “The atomic bombs that Washington dropped on these helpless civilian centres while the Japanese government was trying to surrender, were mere popguns compared to today’s thermo-nuclear weapons. 
What’s more, the Russian have hinted strongly at the possibility that they would be able to disable electronics, communications and defense shields in the U.S. via electromagnetic warfare – perhaps an EMP.
Worst of all, the American misleaders haven’t even got a good reason for putting the population at such a risk – strategy in the middle east is muddied at best, and prodding for war with Russia doesn’t carry a clear narrative either.
The world could change, and American power could end in a few decisive minutes. Hopefully it would never come to that, but we shouldn’t live in a false world where we pretend these situations can’t harm us.
",0
13258,97% of Voters in Bankrupt Puerto Rico Want Statehood - Breitbart,"The banner headline will read 97 percent of Puerto Rico voted for statehood, but only 23 percent of voters cast ballots on June 11 due to opposition boycotting. [Of the 2, 458, 036 registered voters in Puerto Rico, about 548, 387, or 97 percent, of Puerto Ricans voted in a   referendum for the territory to become America’s 51st state, while approximately 16, 960, or 3 percent, were opposed, according to the Wall Street Journal review of early returns. Turnout was just 23 percent.  Governor Ricardo Rosselló and his   New Progressive Party [Republican] held the referendum, despite filing on May 3 for the largest municipal bankruptcy in the history of the United States. The island and its   utility ran out of cash and defaulted on its $73 billion of debt. After the filing, Breitbart News reported that Puerto Rico’s public pension plans have only $1. 8 billion in assets to pay $45 billion in liabilities. The New Progressive Party, referred to as PNP in Spanish, pushed the “yes” vote for statehood. President Barack Obama provided the $2. 5 million in funding to hold the referendum. But with the PNP narrowly winning the governorship in 2016, the Republican Party’s GOTV (   ) operation funded social media and TV ads in favor of statehood. Jennifer   Puerto Rico’s Resident Commissioner and only nonvoting member of Congress, is a strong advocate of statehood as a leader of the PNP. Just after taking office in January, she introduced statehood legislation into Congress, but found little interest in the idea that Puerto Rico would pick up two U. S. Senators. Congressional Democrats with Puerto Rican heritage, including Luis Gutiérrez ( ) and Nydia Velázquez (  oppose statehood and urged the islanders to boycott the referendum, according to the Associated Press. Puerto Rico currently suffers from a poverty rate of 45 percent and 12. 4 percent unemployment. The Republicans blame the island’s   depression on the confusing status of being a territory. But Democrats enjoy spending the $22 billion in federal subsidies that the territory receives. Puerto Rico faces a huge battle against vulture capitalist hedge funds that have bought its defaulted bonds for as little as 25 percent of face value. The vultures claim that Puerto Rico can regain its solvency by raising taxes and firing tens of thousands public sector workers. Bloomberg reported on Election Day that Puerto Rico and the vultures will soon face off next week in a New York federal bankruptcy court “over who owns cash collected by the government’s sales tax agency, known by its Spanish acronym Cofina. ” The island claims that despite not making any bond payments, it needs the cash to avoid beginning to miss payroll and disability payments by around November 1. Investors claim their bonds should be paid first.",0
13259,Legacy of Rio Olympics So Far Is Series of Unkept Promises - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   It is not uncommon for the Olympics to leave behind some unneeded facilities. Rio, however, is experiencing something exceptional: Less than six months after the Summer Games ended, the host city’s Olympic legacy is decaying rapidly. Empty Olympic buildings abound, puncturing any uplifting buzz from the competitions last summer. At the Olympic Park, some stadium entrances are boarded up, and screws are scattered on the ground. The handball arena is barricaded with metal bars. The broadcast center remains half disassembled. The   pool is decorated with piles of dirt and puddles. Deodoro, a neighborhood in Rio’s poor periphery, has the   cluster of Olympic sites. The canoe slalom course was to be converted into a giant public swimming pool. It closed to the public in December. Today, residents fill plastic pools a few hundred feet away. “The government put sugar in our mouths and took it out before we could swallow,” Luciana Oliveira Pimentel, a social worker from Deodoro, said as her children played in a plastic pool. “Once the Olympics ended, they turned their backs on us. ” Olympic officials and local organizers often boast about the legacy of the Games  —   the residual benefits that a city and country will experience long after the competitions end. Those projections are often met with skepticism by the public and by independent economists, who argue that Olympic bids are built on wasted public money. Rio has quickly become the latest, and perhaps the most striking, case of unfulfilled promises and abandonment. “It’s totally deserted,” said Vera Hickmann, 42, who was at the Olympic Park recently with her family. She lamented that although the area was open to the public, it lacked basic services. “I had to bring my son over to the plants to go to the bathroom,” she said. At the athletes’ village, across the street from the park, the 31 towers were supposed to be sold as luxury condominiums after the Games, but fewer than 10 percent of the units have been sold. Across town at Maracanã Stadium, a soccer temple, the field is brown, and the electricity has been shut off. “The government didn’t have money to throw a party like that, and we’re the ones who have to sacrifice,” Ms. Hickmann said, referring to local taxpayers. In the preparations for the Games, the city of Rio promised “no white elephants” and outlined plans for facilities to be turned into public sporting areas and schools. The arena that hosted taekwondo and fencing was to be transformed into a school. Two other arenas were to be taken apart, and one put back together as four schools in another area. None of that has happened. The mayor’s office said those plans were still in the works, but it did not offer a specific timetable. The decay of Olympic sites is happening as a financial crisis engulfs federal, state and municipal governments. “The nation is in crisis, Rio de Janeiro is in crisis  —   it’s time to be cautious,” Marcelo Crivella, who became mayor on Jan. 1, told incoming city council members. “Spending is prohibited,” he added. Rio’s mayor during the Games, Eduardo Paes, was among the strongest evangelizers of an Olympic legacy. He said in an email that it was too soon to call any of the sites white elephants and that “the path to implementing a legacy has been given. ” After the Games, the city held an auction for private companies to bid on administering the Olympic Park, but there were no bidders. That left the Ministry of Sport, an organ of the federal government, with the financial burden. The minister of sport, Leonardo Picciani, said in an interview that the agency’s goal was to find a private company to take over the park, but because there has been no interest, it is the government’s responsibility to maintain the sites. Mr. Picciani also said that the stadiums would not become burdensome relics, pointing to several sporting events scheduled for this year at Olympic Park, along with sports training programs. Renato Cosentino, a researcher at the Regional and Urban Planning Institute at the Federal University of Rio, who studies the Olympic Park region, said the park “was born as a white elephant,” because it was built in a   wealthy suburb that is home to only about 5 percent of Rio’s 6. 3 million residents. Having the majority of investment there, he said, proves that the Olympics were meant to serve real estate developers, who took on much of the construction for the Games in exchange for being able to build on the land afterward, in what is known as a   partnership. But even developers’ expectations have not panned out. The construction giants Carvalho Hosken and Odebrecht took on the project of building the athletes’ village in hopes of selling the accommodations as luxury condominiums after the Games, banking on the area’s becoming a desirable neighborhood for the city’s elite. In the 31   towers that make up the village, only 20 units have been sold since the beginning of the Olympics in August, bringing the total sold to 260, out of 3, 604 apartments. In a scramble to sell off the apartments before Carvalho Hosken becomes responsible for about $6. 5 million in monthly interest payments (previously paid for by the local organizing committee for the Olympics) the company is in the process of striking a deal with Rio’s city government to sell them to civil servants, such as military personnel, at discounted prices with low interest rates, according to the Brazilian newspaper O Globo. Rio’s prominent soccer stadium, the Maracanã, which hosted the opening and closing ceremonies, has also fallen into disrepair, with a brown field, several thousand seats uprooted, televisions missing and nearly $1 million owed to the electricity company. The consortium that normally administers the stadium, Maracanã S. A. claims that Rio 2016 and the Rio State government did not hold up their end of a contract that required them to maintain the stadium and return it in the state in which it was given to them. The   Deodoro neighborhood was a favorite talking point for Olympic officials before and during the Games. Several sites  —   including those for equestrian events, shooting and field hockey  —   were constructed there, heralded as a shining example of how the Olympics can lift a blighted area. The flagship, however, was the giant swimming pool, used as the canoe slalom course, which opened to the public before the Games. When the pool opened, Mr. Paes, the mayor at the time, beamed. “We’ve made an early legacy here,” he said. “I think this is something   in the history of the Olympics. ” The pool is now closed, though temperatures are regularly in the 90s and the neighborhood is a long bus ride from Rio’s beaches. The current mayor, Mr. Crivella, again said the city intended to reopen the pool as soon as possible, but he did not forecast a date. Close by, the Triângulo favela community was disrupted to make way for rapid bus lines that were expanded before the Olympics. Several homes and the community’s plaza, its main leisure space, were removed by the construction. Today, a turnaround for the buses looms over where the plaza used to be, but residents have no access to the buses. They say they were promised a bus terminal and a new leisure space, but neither has come. “The government, business people  —   they tricked us,” said Camila Felix Muguet, 36, who lost part of her home and her backyard to the project. “They came, they robbed, and they said goodbye. Now they’re gone, and where are our upgrades?” Ms. Pimentel, the Deodoro resident whose children were playing in a plastic pool, said she had always suspected that the public pool might not last. “The Olympics ended, Deodoro ended,” she said, shaking her head. “We’re going to be forgotten. ”",0
13260,GLOBAL WARMING ALARMISTS DISAPPOINTED THAT HURRICANE MATTHEW WASN’T WORSE,"Home › SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY › GLOBAL WARMING ALARMISTS DISAPPOINTED THAT HURRICANE MATTHEW WASN’T WORSE GLOBAL WARMING ALARMISTS DISAPPOINTED THAT HURRICANE MATTHEW WASN’T WORSE 0 SHARES 
[10/26/16] J.D.HEYES – Only the sickest, most warped and ideologically polluted minds would secretly hope for greater death and destruction to their own people and country, but such is the case with “climate change” zealots . 
As pointed out by Investor’s Business Daily (IBD), it was former President Obama crony and current Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel who once infamously remarked that political leaders should never let serious crises “go to waste,” because they can use them to advance a political agenda where they could not do so before. 
As for the recent Hurricane Matthew, it appears as though a number of political operatives and true believers in the global warming religion likely wanted it to be worse than it actually was (which, to many people, was bad enough). 
Why? Because that would be consistent with their history. 
For the record, the storm killed 30 Americans and more than 1,000 people in total. Early damage estimates were put at about $5 billion. Yet that is not enough death and destruction for the global warming hoaxers. 
For the record, the hoaxers have tried advancing the narrative that in this day and age, thanks to man-caused actions, the weather is getting worse and more severe . Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton enlisted the assistance of the hoaxer-in-chief, Al Gore, her husband’s vice president and today’s chief global warming liar, to use Matthew to advance the phony narrative. 
Only, before the hurricane actually made landfall days ago in South Carolina, it had been more than 4,000 days since a hurricane actually struck the United States. That’s 10 years, 11 months and some change. 
Alarmists were “itching for a large-scale disaster,” IBD reported, because every day that passed that didn’t herald a major weather event, especially one on an epic scale, meant that their dire predictions of more and bigger storms made them look like clueless, silly con artists (which they are). 
Their sick impatience for a major weather-related crisis was summarized very well a couple of years ago when a guy named Greg Blanchette announced that since the weather is getting worse and more severe , that he “kind of” hoped that North America “gets it’s a** kicked this hurricane season. It would motivate us on climate action.” 
Like we said, sick . 
This may or may not be the same Greg Blanchette who advocated placing scary global warming warnings on gasoline pumps – which is now law in North Vancouver, British Columbia. That doesn’t matter, though, because if it’s not the same person, that only means there are two global warming hoaxer cranks out there sharing the same name. 
Then, as IBD noted, a couple of years before this Blanchette dude was hoping for weather-related death and destruction, British naturalist David Attenborough noted that a “disaster” was required to wake people up to the massive threat of climate change. 
Up to that point, the “disasters” that the U.S. had experienced “with hurricanes and floods … [didn’t] do it.” So, a cataclysmic event was needed in order to scare enough people into demanding some sort of action, which of course would come in the form of costly government regulations that are not based on sound, demonstrable and replicable scientific data. 
Then, as Matthew tore up Florida’s Atlantic Coast, Marshall Shepherd, an atmospheric sciences professor at the University of Georgia, outed the sick hoaxers , tweeting that he was hearing “ridiculous complaining” that the hurricane was actually less powerful than anticipated. 
“Some seem disappointed there isn’t tragic loss of life/apocalyptic,” he noted, adding: “I am thankful.” 
IBD summed up the facts: While the environmental movement contains sincere people, it is also replete with idiots and lunatics who yearn for a planet devoid of humans (with the exception of themselves, of course). Attenborough himself has complained to the British press that human beings are a “plague on the Earth.” (We assume he is counting himself as well, which – if he is – seems even less rational, if that’s possible.) 
There are nothing but theories claiming that man-caused activity is responsible for changing weather patterns. There is no hard evidence and there is no replicable data, which there should be if such claims were provable outside of anecdotal findings . If this was a real issue the language would not have changed from “global cooling” in the 1970s, to “global warming” in the 1980s and ’90s, to “climate change” today. Post navigation",0
13261,Trump Turns to His Right Flank to Fill National Security Posts - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump moved quickly on Friday to begin filling national security posts at the top echelons of his administration, selecting a group of hawks and campaign loyalists who reflect the   views that defined his run for president. Mr. Trump said he would nominate as attorney general Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, who has been a fierce supporter of a crackdown on undocumented immigrants. The   also moved to install Michael T. Flynn, a retired lieutenant general who has said that Islamist militancy poses a global existential threat, as his national security adviser. And as director of the C. I. A. Mr. Trump selected Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas, who harshly criticized Hillary Clinton during the House investigation of the 2012 attack on the United States diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya. All three are regarded, in some ways, as outliers from conventional Republican thinking, shunned at times for strident statements, controversial positions or highly partisan moves. The flurry of announcements indicated that Mr. Trump was gaining control over a transition operation that had been entangled in infighting during its early stages. The results were the first seeds of an    that will break starkly with that of President Obama. Transition officials said Mr. Trump would meet over the weekend with a broad array of potential cabinet members and other advisers as a signal that he wanted to build a diverse team, without regard to political affiliation or support for his presidential bid. Among them are Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican nominee and one of his party’s harshest critics of the  ’s campaign, who is a contender for secretary of state, and Michelle A. Rhee, a Democrat who pursued sweeping reforms during her   tenure as the District of Columbia’s chancellor of schools. Mr. Trump also planned to meet on Saturday with James N. Mattis, a retired Marine Corps general who headed United States Central Command and is being considered for secretary of defense. But there was no evidence in Friday’s selections that Mr. Trump, who has hinted that he might pursue a more centrist agenda once he sits in the Oval Office, is inclined to moderate his approach on key questions of national security and civil rights. In a statement on Friday, Mr. Trump called Mr. Sessions a “  legal mind,” and added that Mr. Pompeo would be “a brilliant and unrelenting leader for our intelligence community. ” Of General Flynn, he said: “I am pleased that Lieutenant General Michael Flynn will be by my side as we work to defeat radical Islamic terrorism, navigate geopolitical challenges and keep Americans safe at home and abroad. ” Both Mr. Sessions and General Flynn were early and fervent supporters of Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign, even as many establishment Republicans were criticizing Mr. Trump for inflammatory statements and dismissing his chances of winning the nomination. Mr. Pompeo initially supported Senator Marco Rubio of Florida in the Republican primary, but switched after it became clear Mr. Trump would be the nominee. Mr. Pompeo is also close to Vice   Mike Pence, who is heading the transition effort. In 1986, Mr. Sessions  —   who, if confirmed, would be charged with safeguarding civil rights in the United States  —   was blocked from becoming a federal judge by the Senate’s   Judiciary Committee because of previous racially charged comments and actions. In testimony before the committee, former colleagues said that Mr. Sessions had referred to the N. A. A. C. P. the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and other civil rights groups as “ ” and “ . ” An   federal prosecutor, Thomas H. Figures, said at the time that Mr. Sessions had referred to him as “boy,” and testified that Mr. Sessions had said the Ku Klux Klan was fine “until I found out they smoked pot,” a remark Mr. Sessions later dismissed as a joke. Aides to Mr. Trump dismissed the past statements, and described Mr. Sessions as a champion of civil rights, citing as evidence a number of desegregation lawsuits he filed while serving as a United States attorney in Alabama, his votes to extend the Voting Rights Act and to confirm Eric H. Holder Jr. as the first   attorney general, and his efforts to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Rosa Parks. “Senator Sessions is someone who’s universally respected across party lines in the United States Senate,” said Jason Miller, a spokesman for Mr. Trump’s transition team, calling him “very well qualified for this position. ” Senator Jeff Flake, Republican of Arizona, said on Twitter that Mr. Sessions was “well liked and well regarded, even by those who don’t always agree with him. ” He added, “I look forward to supporting his nomination. ” Other Republican senators and conservative groups likewise rallied behind Mr. Sessions, while Democrats have pledged to keep an open mind on confirming him. But, in a reflection of the tough questions he is likely to face in his confirmation hearing, civil rights groups and their champions in Congress condemned the choice. “Given some of his past statements and his staunch opposition to immigration reform,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the new minority leader, “I am very concerned about what he would do with the Civil Rights Division at the Department of Justice, and want to hear what he has to say. ” Mr. Trump’s selection of General Flynn, which does not require Senate confirmation, was similarly cheered by conservative organizations and met with alarm by Democrats. He has called Islam a political ideology that has “metastasized” into a “malignant cancer. ” After building a reputation as a respected military officer, he was fired by President Obama after two years as the chief of the Defense Intelligence Agency. General Flynn has since been a vociferous critic of a Washington elite he contends has refused to name radical Islam as the enemy, and is therefore doomed to fall short in defeating it. “His statements about Muslims are profoundly   as well as damaging to the fight against terrorism and national security,” said Senator Ron Wyden, Democrat of Oregon and a member of the Intelligence Committee. “He has indicated an openness to torture and the destruction of an entire city, both of which are clearly illegal, not to mention immoral and destructive to America’s global leadership. ” Mr. Wyden said that the   who last week chose Stephen K. Bannon, who has promoted   nationalism as the chairman of Breitbart News, appeared to be building “a White House leadership that embodies the most divisive rhetoric of his campaign. ” Mr. Pompeo, a graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point and Harvard Law School, was elected to Congress in 2010 with substantial financial backing from a political action committee funded by Koch Industries, based in Wichita, Kan. He has criticized Mr. Obama’s decisions to shut down the C. I. A. ’s “black site” prisons and to require all interrogators to strictly adhere to   laws. In 2014, he accused Mr. Obama of refusing “to take the war on radical Islamic terrorism seriously. ” After the House Select Committee on Benghazi found no new evidence of wrongdoing by the Obama administration or Mrs. Clinton, who was the secretary of state at the time of the attack, Mr. Pompeo and another Republican on the committee, Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio, said they were convinced there had been a   and they filed a   addendum that included far harsher criticism of the administration and of Mrs. Clinton. Other Republicans, including the committee’s chairman, declined to add their names to the document. Representative Adam B. Schiff, Democrat of California, called Mr. Pompeo “very bright and  . ” “While we have had our share of strong differences  —   principally on the politicization of the tragedy in Benghazi  —   I know that he is someone who is willing to listen and engage, both key qualities in a C. I. A. director,” Mr. Schiff said.",0
13262,Путин: Запад постоянно наступает на одни и те же грабли,"0 комментариев 4 поделились 
""На примере террористической опасности со всей очевидностью проявляется неспособность оценить характер, причины возникновения и нарастания угроз. Мы видим это по тому, как развивается ситуация в Сирии, остановить кровопролитие и запустить политический процесс не удается. Казалось бы, после долгих переговоров, огромных усилий и сложных компромиссов наконец начал формироваться единый фронт борьбы с терроризмом, однако этого не произошло, он, фактически, не создан"", - сказал российский лидер. 
Президент отметил, что примеры терактов последних лет (в том числе США и Франции) показывают - террористы могут действовать в одиночку. 
По его словам, люди напуганы тем, что терроризм из далекой угрозы стал повседневностью, что ""теракт может произойти буквально рядом, на соседней улице, если не на собственной улице, а орудием массового убийства способно стать любое подручное средство - от изготовленной кустарным способом взрывчатки до обычного грузовика"". 
В том же время Запад в противостоянию терроризму наступает на одни и те же грабли. 
""Не сработали и наши личные договоренности с президентом США. В Вашингтоне нашлись силы, которые сделали все, чтобы они - эти договоренности - не были реализованы на практике. Все это демонстрирует необъяснимое, я бы сказал, иррациональное стремление западных стран раз за разом повторять свои ошибки, как у нас в народе говорят, наступать на одни и те же грабли"", - заявил Путин. 
По словам российского лидера, любые вызовы можно преодолеть только сообща, на базе правил ООН. 
""Универсальные правила ООН необходимы, чтобы включить как можно большее число стран в процесс экономической и гуманитарной интеграции, гарантировать политическую ответственность и обеспечить согласованность действий, разумеется, при сохранении суверенитета"", - сказал Владимир Путин. 
Читайте также:",0
13263,Turning Points: Rethinking a Campaign Cliché - The New York Times,"In presidential politics, everyone is on the lookout for them and an army of analysts is eager to declare them: turning points. It’s the moment when a single image or phrase or blunder could change the trajectory of the campaign. But when is a turning point really a turning point? Where  —   if at all  —   does Hillary Clinton’s “basket of deplorables” remark or her health scare at the Sept. 11 memorial land on that scale? What about Donald J. Trump’s widely denounced comments about Mexicans and Muslims? In the latest episode of The   my colleagues on the campaign team answer those questions by talking about the turning points they’ve experienced in this race  —   not always the big,   kind, but frequently the smaller, subtler,   ones that nevertheless signaled a shift in the political terrain. Our guests are Patrick Healy, a national political reporter Amy Chozick, who covers the Clinton campaign Ashley Parker, who reports on Donald J. Trump Maggie Haberman, who has written about both candidates Robert Draper, a writer at large for The New York Times Magazine and Jim Rutenberg, the media columnist at The Times. And we look back at what many regard as the biggest turning point of the last presidential campaign, in 2012, to explore whether it was as consequential as everyone thought at the time. From a desktop or laptop, you can listen by pressing play on the button above. Or if you’re on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series. On your iPhone or iPad: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon. (This link might help.) 2. Search for the series. Tap on the “search” magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen, type in “The  ” and select it from the list of results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone for free. You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode. On your Android phone or tablet: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Play Music” with an    icon. (This link might help.) 2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results. You may have to scroll down to find the “Podcasts” search results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone for free. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode.",0
13264,WW3 Nuclear War Drills World War 3 To Start In Ukraine,"November 1, 2016 at 10:33 pm 
You never see these debates in Parliament on the BBC news not one bit. Just shows you all the bullshit that doesn't really have anything to do with the people of this country. They have no good intentions for our people and are only concerned about the 1%﻿",0
13265,Feminists Attack Elderly Gay Man For Saying Older Women Shouldn’t Wear Yoga Pants,"…not since the mini-skirt has there been something worn by so many women who should never have it on in the first place… 
— Alan Sorrentino, a sexagenarian gay man, in his letter to a local Rhode Island newspaper
A senior citizen and self-described “short, little gay Italian” in Rhode Island has been the victim of a vicious intimidation campaign by feminists with too much time on their hands. After he wrote a newspaper letter saying that women over 20 should not wear yoga pants, the backlash against Alan Sorrentino was vitriolic. 300 women marched on his home, which was publicly shared, using the excuse that it was just a “neighborhood protest.”
In retaliation for exercising his First Amendment rights, which you might have incorrectly thought encouraged violence given the heavy-handed feminist response, Sorrentino received threatening calls and explicit death threats. Publications such as The Washington Post regarded the shameful intimidation of an old man as some kind of fun outing. Rabid social media users and the protesters themselves also lost sight of the context of Sorrentino’s letter and later comments, which pointed out that men rocking up to supermarkets in Speedos would be considered inappropriate, too.
“Violent” gay man whose fashion prescriptions in a newspaper reaching only a few thousand people are capable of disemboweling feminists and ejecting them into space.
If anything, the moronic march on Sorrentino’s home and throughout his neighborhood demonstrates the paucity of real issues women have to complain about. For all the talk of the “misogyny” and “patriarchy” that triggered the march (pun intended), these women were able to assemble freely in one of the most liberal states in America and harass, without interruption, an old white male, albeit not a straight one. They evidently did not feel the fear they continually reference in their diatribes. Where were the Saudi-style female dress code police or the rape squads of the rape culture they always talk about to teach them a lesson? Alas, the dastardly misogyny and patriarchy must have chosen to remain invisible again!
Women tell men what to wear all the time I didn’t see anyone staking out Jennie Price’s home for telling her husband and other men what to wear. Image attribution: Martin Spaven.
It goes without saying that one of the biggest criticisms leveled by women towards their boyfriends or husbands is their allegedly bad fashion sense. Even beyond their relationships, women have a penchant for sticking their noses into what a man wears, from his sporting clothing and clubbing attire to his choice of bathing suit. Here in Australia, an entire media sub-industry emerged to criticize our former conservative Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, for wearing so-called “budgie smugglers” whilst swimming and keeping fit.
Because Alan Sorrentino had 300 women obviously stalk his home for his fashion comments, should men have stalked the residence of one Jennie Price, a hack journalist from The Daily Mail ? Instead of celebrating her husband’s decision to resist middle-age decline and obesity through cycling, Price penned a ridiculous piece in 2014 decrying so-called MAMILs (middle-aged men in lycra).
She joined BBC “journalist” Dominic Casciani, who equated men taking up the amateur sport with a mid-life crisis . Notwithstanding that men in lycra wouldn’t get I or my readers off, at least men wearing this fabric actually engage in exercise when they don it (in the morning, too, when fewer folks are awake to see them!). By contrast, yoga pants seem to be the default female fashion option for non-exercise more than physical exertion (or even yoga).
Naturally, had just three guys , let alone 30 or 300, made their intention to protest-cycle their way through Jennie Price’s neighborhood in Britain, the police would have been called. The same can be said of any of the countless female journalists and female “fashion experts” who have opined on what men should or should not wear. And let’s not forget women telling each other what to wear. A number of females make their careers out of critiquing what other women wear, especially on the celebrity red carpet. I wonder how many times, for example, then zombie and now dead zombie Joan Rivers found her home marched on by offended feminists after she berated either a piece of female fashion attire or the women wearing it.
Sending a tweet is “violence” but 300 people marching on someone’s house is not–what world do we live in? The national debt? Nah. Terrorism? Nah. Urban crime? Nah. These folks are protesting fashion comments.
At the start of this year, I brought you the story of Holly Michelle Wood , a putrid Harvard PhD candidate and feminist, who went around calling white people “awful.” After the now banned Milo Yiannopoulos simply retweeted Wood’s criticisms of him, fellow feminist Catrin Cooper used the “cyber violence” argument and tried to get a Twitter stooge, Michael Margolis, to alert its founder, Jack Dorsey. We would not have the time to go through even a relatively small fraction of the other instances in which women who cannot argue their position online reframe criticism as “misogyny” or even outright “violence.”
As Alan Sorrentino clearly feared for his safety during the march, potentially hundreds or thousands of women gave themselves excuses for calling some man disagreeing with them online or in person “violent.” A climate now exists where whatever words certain women finds offensive becomes the basis for stopping whatever they’re doing (presumably not much) and going after the person saying them in the most organized and appalling fashion.
At a minimum, the target of their fury must lose his job, reputation, and sense of personal safety to satiate their desire for revenge. In the meantime, the very act of their protest and abuse, which is not interfered with, validates the idea that women are not the targets of systematic hate or oppression in society.
As a gender, women, particularly the middle and upper middle-class women who seem to dominate these kinds of pointless, abusive protests, have nothing to complain about. Except maybe having too much time on their hands.
Read More: Yoga Pants CEO Is Attacked For Speaking The Truth About Fat Women 
",0
13266,"Nigeria: Thousands of Women Protest Boko Haram Suicide Bombings, Rape, Abductions - Breitbart","Thousands of women in Nigeria took the streets of the northern capital Maiduguri this weekend to protest the government’s inability to eradicate the Islamic State affiliate Boko Haram, which has not ceased in committing mass abductions, rapes, and murders since the government claimed victory over them in 2015. [Recent reports indicate that Boko Haram terrorists, mostly sheltered in the dense Sambisa Forest of the nation’s northeast, have continued to force poor underage girls to engage in suicide bombings, paying them as little as 50 cents for their lives.  The women who organized in Maiduguri, the capital of northeastern Borno state, did so to attract the attention of representatives of the United Nations Security Council, who were visiting the city to evaluate the condition of the refugee and   person (IDP) camp for Boko Haram victims in the area. The protests targeted not only Boko Haram terrorists but the government of President Muhammadu Buhari in Abuja, who won the nation’s presidency on a campaign promise to ride the nation of Boko Haram entirely. Protesters complained that the government was not doing enough to ensure the safety of IDPs at the camp in question. “We told the (UN) delegation about our   grievances. There’s no food, there is nothing good here for us,” one protester told the Agence  . “We were expelled from our homes by Boko Haram and we came to Maiduguri to seek refuge, but unfortunately we haven’t been well treated. ”   Reports of abuse of Boko Haram victims at the Maiduguri camp have continued to surface for years. In September, an NGO report revealed that Nigerian officials had done such an inadequate job feeding the refugees that many of the women and girls stranded there were forced to have sex with Nigerian soldiers in exchange for food to survive. Many Boko Haram victims are either pregnant or have given birth to children after being repeatedly raped by Boko Haram jihadists, making their need for a stable food source even more desperate.     A report published a month later accused Nigerian soldiers of raping Boko Haram victims, sometimes impregnating them or coercing sex out of them by promising them marriage and a stable home. 43 women told Human Rights Watch that they had experienced “sexual abuse, including rape, and exploitation” at the hand of Nigerian soldiers. Buhari vowed to investigate the charges upon the release of the report. The abuse and neglect in Nigeria’s northern refugee camp have led some women to choose to join Boko Haram. The terrorist group, some women have told NGOs, offered “financial empowerment” by ensuring the women are fed and teaching them to read and write in Arabic  —   in order to study the Quran  —   so long as they succumb to extreme sexual abuse. In addition to abusing its residents, the Nigerian military conducted an airstrike on the Maiduguri camp in January, killing over 100 displaced Nigerians. The military called the bombing a “regrettable operational mistake. ”   protests have not solely occurred against Buhari in Nigeria. On Saturday, thousands of protesters took over Niamey, the capital of Niger, demanding President Idriss Deby improve the quality of life in Niger. The protesters demanded an improved economy and the release of political prisoners, holding signs reading “Life is too hard. ” The nation’s economy has been hit by, among other factors, a wave of mass abductions and suicide bombings by Boko Haram. Borno state lies on the Niger border, allowing Boko Haram terrorists access to that country as well as neighboring Cameroon. Despite claims from both governments that the Boko Haram threat has been significantly limited, reports this week indicate that Borno residents continue to face the near constant threat of suicide bombings, abductions, and other jihadist activity. Boko Haram terrorists often seek young women and girls to conduct their terrorist attacks, as they can hide bombs under their Islamic clothing. A Sky News report published this week reveals one such exchange, in which a Boko Haram terrorist pays a    girl 50 cents to wear a suicide bomb and explode it in a Maiduguri market. The girl surrendered to police before detonating her explosives. In one attempt to disguise a suicide bombing, as police have learned to suspect of young girls, Boko Haram sent two women holding an infant into a village to detonate a bomb in May 2016. The Foundation for the Defence of Democracies (FDD) estimates that women and girls tied to Boko Haram have committed at least 123 suicide bombings in the past three years. These women are among the estimated thousands Boko Haram has abducted and forced into slave marriages and terrorist activity. While Boko Haram jihadists turn their young girls into suicide bombers, the boys are taught at an early age how to properly rape women while limiting the chances of her escape. “They tell us to remember to hold the girl tight on both hands, pinned to the floor,” a    boy identified as “Ahmed” explained to reporters last year. “They said we shouldn’t let a woman overpower us. ” President Buhari declared that Nigeria had “won the war” against Boko Haram in December 2015 and has not yet retracted that claim.",0
13267,Notes From Aleppo: Intimate Glimpses of War-Ravaged Syria - The New York Times,"Declan Walsh, our bureau chief in Cairo, is in a   area of Aleppo, Syria, covering the civil war. As bombs fall on the city, he is talking to civilians, witnessing the wounded and interviewing soldiers who have been at war for years. On Saturday, we will publish his   look at the besieged city, but here is a first look from his point of view. Follow him on Instagram.  The reaction to the sound of shellfire varies dramatically in Aleppo, depending on which neighborhood, or even street, you happen to be standing in. In some places, people don’t even flinch, and continue as if nothing has happened in others like Midan, where civilians have died from mortar fire in recent days, they quicken their step and move to safety. This road  —   a narrow strip of undulating asphalt lined by the ruins of bombed villages  —   is the lifeline of Aleppo, Syria’s most populous city. Opposition forces lie to the left, Islamic State to the right. Trucks speed along the road, pressing toward Aleppo. Nobody stops if they can help it. A heavy barrage of shells fired from   areas fell on Aleppo on Thursday morning. The emergency room at Al Razi Hospital was inundated with the wounded. This man arrived unconscious with a gash in his head and was quickly wheeled off to an operating room. Trying to comfort a soldier at Al Razi Hospital on Friday. This soldier, grieving for a comrade who had died at the hospital, writhed on the ground, shouting and kicking. Passing though Homs, en route to Aleppo, we caught a glimpse of the destroyed ancient city. Residents go about their business, but look weary.",0
13268,Los Angeles Seeks to Stop Oil and Gas Boom - Breitbart,"Los Angeles City Council President Herb Wesson has introduced a motion to end oil drilling and production near public places in a measure that could kill America’s next oil and gas fracking boom. [Over the objections from the oil industry, Wesson introduced a motion on April 19 to conduct a study regarding how the Department of City Planning, with the assistance of the city attorney and the city’s petroleum administrator, could change the city’s zoning code to require a setback for oil and gas activities within public and residential facilities.  Wesson’s motion stated, “The closer oil and gas wells and storage facilities are to sensitive land uses, the higher the risk that the health and safety of nearby residents could be threatened. ” And in a call to action, Wesson added, “Due to the ongoing health impacts experienced by residents from neighborhood drilling activity, it is imperative that we identify and implement a meaningful,   solution. ” Despite Wesson’s claims about health risks, the Center for Disease Control found that from 2003 —  2013 as the U. S. oil and gas extraction industry doubled the size of its workforce and increased drilling rigs by 71 percent, the annual occupational fatality rate in the industry decreased 36. 3 percent, to 1, 189 deaths over the decade. About 40 percent of fatalities were due to transportation accidents, and 26 percent was due to equipment accidents. The CDC found illnesses and fatalities from all environmental exposure were extremely low. Wesson and his environmental lobbying allies claim they are only seeking a   setback, or about a half mile. But with California Division of Oil, Gas and Geothermal Resources website revealing that there are about 3, 000 active wells, tens of thousands of inactive wells, and underground pipelines running throughout the city, the proposed setback would essentially ban oil and gas activity in almost 100 percent of Los Angeles. The new   effort follows a failed 2014 national initiative that was led by California environmental groups including Earthjustice, California Communities Against Toxics, California Safe Schools, Center on Race, Poverty  the Environment, Comite Pro Uno, the Esperanza Community Housing Corporation, and many more. The California sponsors attempted to have the Obama administration’s Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issue a new regulatory order under Section 112 of the Clean Air Act that would allow all oil and gas production wells and associated equipment to be listed as an “area source” of toxic pollution, if the EPA Administrator “determines that emissions of hazardous air pollutants from such wells present more than a negligible risk of adverse effects to public health” in any combined metropolitan statistical areas with a population of at least 1 million. Give that the definition of “negligible” according to the dictionary. com website is: “so small, trifling, or unimportant that it may safely be neglected or disregarded,” the EPA would have been able to ban all oil and gas drilling, production and refining in the 54 combined metropolitan statistical areas in America that have a total population of at least 206 million, or about   of the entire U. S. population. The    Monterrey Shale Formation that covers the entire Los Angeles Basin is potentially the richest shale oil reserve in the United States. Since water is key to the shale hydraulic fracturing drilling process, Breitbart News predicted that a state economic boom would take off as soon as California experienced its next cyclical rainy season. With all California reservoirs already above historic levels, record snowpack levels in the Sierras, and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration predicting a National a very wet El Niño during the   water year that begins on November 1, the L. A. City Council motion could kill a potential local economic boom.  ",0
13269,Clinton Leaked Email Story To Press BEFORE Giving It To Congress,"Pinterest 
Officials with the State Department told Hillary’s campaign staffers that they planned to leak a story about the missing Benghazi emails to a “friendly” AP reporter before giving it to Congress. 
“Just spoke to State a little more about this,” Clinton’s travelling press secretary Nick Merrill wrote to campaign staffers on June 24, 2015, regarding emails sent between the former Secretary of State and her longtime confidant Sidney Blumenthal, The Daily Caller is reporting . 
State Department told officials they would tip off AP reporter that at least 15 emails between Clinton and Blumenthal were missing from the more than 55,000 pages of emails given to a House committee investigating the 9/11/2012 attack on the Benghazi compound in Libya. 
“They do not plan to release anything publicly, so no posting online or anything public-facing, just to the committee,” Merrill said. “That said, they are considering placing a story with a friendly at the AP (Matt Lee or Bradley Klapper), that would lay this out before the majority on the committee has a chance to realize what they have and distort it.” 
“On that last piece, we think it would make sense to work with State and the AP to deploy the below,” Merrill wrote, referring to press statements the campaign had crafted after they got tipped off State would hand over Blumenthal emails to Congress. 
Staffers with the Clinton campaign put together a series of statements on the missing emails after being told it would have to disclose it to House investigators. 
“So assuming everyone is in agreement we’ll proceed,” Merrill wrote. “It would be good to frame this a little, and frankly to have it break tomorrow when we’ll likely be close to or in the midst of a SCOTUS decision taking over the news hyenas.” 
AP reporters Lee and Klapper did run with a story on July 25, 2015 — the day after Merrill’s email. Their story cited “officials who spoke on condition of anonymity because they weren’t authorized to speak publicly on the matter.” 
Lee and Klapper’s article also included the statement crafted by Clinton campaign staffers in the email chain — that chain was one of thousands released by WikiLeaks from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta’s hacked Gmail account. 
Podesta’s emails suggest the Clinton campaign had a cozy relationship with many members of the media, including the AP. 
In one email chain, Center for American Progress President Neera Tanden told Podesta to get the New York Times to cover Clinton favorably. 
Tanden said former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg met with Arthur Sulzberger, NYT’s publisher, to alter coverage of him. 
Tanden told Podesta that “when bloomberg was having problems w the times he called Arthur Schulzburger and asked for coffee.” 
“He made the case that they were treating him like a billionaire dilettante instead of Third term mayor,” Tanden wrote. “It changed the coverage moderately but also aired the issues in the newsroom so people were more conscious of it.”",0
13270,U.N. declares junk food a 'human rights' issue,"U.N. declares junk food a 'human rights' issue Says countries failing to meet globally agreed upon nutrition targets Published: 9 mins ago 
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — A U.N. expert says junk food is a human rights concern. 
Hilal Elver, the U.N.’s special representative on the right to food, said Tuesday the rise of industrial food production combined with trade liberalization has allowed large corporations to flood the global market with cheap, nutrient-poor foods that force poor people to choose between economic viability and nutrition, effectively violating their right to adequate food. 
“Within the human rights framework, states are obliged to ensure effective measures to regulate the food industry, ensure that nutrition policymaking spaces are free from private sector influence and implement comprehensive policies that combat malnutrition in all its forms,” she said.",0
13271,"Donald Trump, Russia, Aleppo: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest.  1.   Donald Trump was in Louisiana, above, early Friday to campaign for a Republican seeking a United States Senate seat. He headed to Michigan afterward to continue his victory tour. Rex Tillerson, the head of Exxon Mobil, appears to be the leading candidate for secretary of state. Mr. Trump said earlier that Rudolph Giuliani was no longer in the running for the job. Selections for other top posts keep coming: Gary D. Cohn, the president of Goldman Sachs, will be named to direct the National Economic Council. And Cathy McMorris Rodgers, a representative from Washington State, may be chosen for secretary of the interior. _____ 2. President Obama has ordered intelligence agencies to produce a full report on Russian efforts to influence the 2016 election, days after Mr. Trump dismissed the possibility that Russia intervened. A broader look at cybermischief linked to Russia indicates it has expanded in both range and sophistication, with some dissidents saying hackers have planted child pornography on their computers. _____ 3. Russia is also coming under fire in sports after a new report laid out mountainous evidence of the broad scale of a   doping program. The investigation implicates more than 1, 000 athletes in 30 sports and could affect the outcomes of past Olympics and other competitions. _____ 4. Hundreds of men have been reported missing in eastern Aleppo as the Syrian Army continues its push to retake the city. Human rights groups are blaming both government forces and some rebel fighters. In Afghanistan, where the Taliban is threatening major cities and Islamic State affiliates are gaining a foothold, the U. S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter visited the Bagram Air Base to thank American troops stationed there. _____ 5. A Dutch politician who is using the campaign slogan “Make the Netherlands Great Again” was convicted of inciting discrimination for saying the country would be safer with fewer Moroccans. Geert Wilders, above, is a likely contender for prime minister, and the trial seems to have improved his party’s standing among voters. _____ 6. It is now up to South Korea’s Constitutional Court to decide whether the charges against President Park   above, merit her ouster. The country’s Parliament voted on Friday to impeach Ms. Park, the nation’s first female leader, following a corruption scandal. She has given no indication she’ll resign. _____ 7. Our investigation into Chicago’s crisis of violence took our journalists to the city’s 11th police district, where homicides are up 89 percent from a year ago. Only about 74, 000 residents call it home, yet 91 people have been killed there so far in 2016  —   more homicides than larger cities like Seattle and Buffalo saw in all of last year. “It’s about desperation, decadence, depression and rage,” said the Rev. Marshall E. Hatch Sr. _____ 8. “Did you know that the Nazis took loads of drugs?” That was the question from a D. J. and fan of   substances that set a Berlin author, Norman Ohler, above, on a path to years of researching drug use in The Third Reich. Now, his book chronicling the   blitzkrieg of France and Hitler’s addiction to powerful opiates is a best seller in Germany and Britain. It will be published in the U. S. in April. _____ 9. Taylor Swift surprised fans with the release of a new single  —   her first new music since the album “1989” came out in the fall of 2014. The moody track “I Don’t Wanna Live Forever” was a collaboration with the former One Direction member Zayn Malik and will be featured in the movie soundtrack “Fifty Shades Darker. ” _____ 10. A volcano straddling the border between China and North Korea remains largely tranquil. But when North Korean scientists recorded a swarm of tiny earthquakes rumbling underground years ago, they reached out to the West for help. The rare collaboration with scientists from the U. S. and Britain led to a new understanding of the volcano, which unleashed one of the most violent eruptions in recorded human history when Mount Paektu last awoke. _____ 11. Finally, bundle up. A winter storm has begun making its way across the northern swath of the U. S. bringing plunging temperatures, snow, or in some places, freezing rain. The weather system is projected to reach the Northeast late Sunday and into Monday. Above, Portland, Ore. on Thursday. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
13272,George Soros ‘Has Ruined the Lives of Millions of Europeans’ Says Hungarian Prime Minister,"Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán delivered a stinging speech in the European Parliament Wednesday, asserting Hungary’s right to   and defending its actions regarding immigration and against American financial speculator George Soros. [“I know that the power, size and weight of Hungary is much smaller than that of the financial speculator, George Soros, who is now attacking Hungary,” Orbán said.  “Despite ruining the lives of millions of European with his financial speculations, being penalized in Hungary for speculations, and who is an openly admitted enemy of the euro, he is so highly praised that he is received by the EU’s top leaders,” he said. The Prime Minister’s address built upon comments he made in an Easter interview with Magyar Idők, in which he stated the motives behind Hungary’s diffidence toward George Soros. “There can be no special privileges, and no one may stand above the law  —   not even George Soros’s people,” he said. Through his organisations in Hungary, and hidden from the public gaze, Orbán said, “George Soros is spending endless amounts of money to support illegal immigration. ” “To pursue his interests he pays a number of lobbying organisations operating in the guise of civil society. He maintains a regular network, with its own promoters, its own media, hundreds of people, and its own university. ” “I believe that George Soros must not be underestimated: he is a powerful billionaire of enormous determination who, when it comes to his interests, respects neither God nor man,” he said. In his address before Parliament Wednesday, Orbán said that the basic stance of the government is contrary to the intentions of the European Commission regarding immigration. “Our position is clear: we do not want, and do not think it is in accordance with the founding treaties of the Union, to settle migrants in our country in a mandatory way,” he said. “The decision on who we live with can only be made by the Hungarian citizens. ” The Prime Minister said it is important to note that “George Soros and his NGOs want to transport one million migrants to the EU per year. He has personally, publicly announced this programme and provides a financial loan for it. You could read this yourselves. ” “We reject this,” Orbán said. “We do not want to lose the right of national ratemaking for public utilities, because we fear that this would increase the burdens of the people and once again lead to drastic price increases, from which Hungarian families have suffered enough. Regarding the regulation of   organisations (NGOs) Orbán said that the Hungarian proposal “follows the American example. ” The “complicated question,” he said, is “how we can make the operations of financially strong foreign external lobbies, willing to influence democratic   transparent to everyone. ” “The Hungarian legislation builds on the principal of clarity and transparency. We want nothing else but to be able to know of NGOs what kind of money and what kind of interests are behind them. This does not undermine their constitutional rights to have their voices heard, represent their interests and be able to organise themselves freely,” he said. Orbán said that Hungarians are in favor of “straight talk” and reject attempts to beat around the bush or hide behind diplomatic language when discussing important issues. “We talk clearly and unambiguously, so everyone can understand, even if we know that this may not appeal to everyone,” he said. “We on the other hand are irritated by the restrained political language, unable to name things for what they are, that has become widespread in European public life nowadays. ” Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
13273,Tax Plan Sows Confusion as Tensions With Mexico Soar - The New York Times,"PHILADELPHIA  —   President Trump’s decision to build a wall along the length of the United States’ southern border with Mexico erupted into a diplomatic standoff on Thursday, leading to the cancellation of a White House visit by Mexico’s president and sharply rising tensions over who would pay for the wall. With the conflict escalating, Mr. Trump appeared to embrace a proposal by House Republicans that would impose a 20 percent tax on all imported goods. The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, told reporters that the proceeds would be used to pay for the border wall, estimated to cost as much as $20 billion. But a furious uproar prompted Mr. Spicer to temper his earlier remarks, saying the plan was simply “one idea” that might work to finance the wall. Mr. Spicer said it was not the job of the White House to “roll something out” on tax policy, while Mr. Trump’s chief of staff, Reince Priebus, said the administration was considering “a buffet of options. ” If Mr. Trump does eventually announce his support for the tax plan, it could have a broad impact on the American economy, and its consumers and workers, by sharply increasing the prices of imported goods or reducing profits for the companies that produce them. Other nations could retaliate, prompting a trade war that could hit consumers around the globe. Retail businesses could see their tax bills surge, said David French of the National Retail Federation, who predicted that those costs would be passed on to consumers. He called the idea “very counter to the way consumers are feeling at the moment. ” If nothing else, the   developments showed Mr. Trump that international diplomacy and a    overhaul of the tax code would not be as easy as an announcement before a campaign microphone. The events unfolded after Mr. Trump signed an executive order on Wednesday to strengthen the nation’s deportation force and start construction on a new wall along the border. Adding to Mexico’s perception of an insult was the timing of the order: It came on the first day of talks between top Mexican officials and their counterparts in Washington, and just days before a scheduled meeting between Mr. Trump and the Mexican president, Enrique Peña Nieto. The sense of chaos and confusion about the tax issue added to the fallout from Mr. Trump’s conflict with Mr. Peña Nieto, his first direct clash with a world leader since becoming president a week ago. The Mexican peso bounced sharply with each new development. Tensions between the two have been simmering for months, despite comments by both men that they were trying to work together. Mr. Trump’s immigration and   decisions on Wednesday appeared to shatter the remaining good will between them. In a video message delivered on Twitter on Wednesday night, Mr. Peña Nieto reiterated his commitment to protect the interests of Mexico and the Mexican people, and pledged to devote the resources of Mexico’s consulates in the United States to protecting its citizens. “I regret and condemn the United States’ decision to continue with the construction of a wall that, for years now, far from uniting us, divides us,” Mr. Peña Nieto said. Mr. Trump responded on Twitter, “If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting. ” Within hours, that is just what happened. Blasting Mr. Trump for sowing division between the countries, Mr. Peña Nieto angrily backed out of the White House meeting, which had been scheduled for next week. In remarks at congressional Republicans’ retreat in Philadelphia, Mr. Trump portrayed the decision to cancel the meeting as his own and issued a stern warning to Mr. Peña Nieto about the consequences of refusing to cooperate with him on financing the wall. “Unless Mexico is going to treat the United States fairly, with respect, such a meeting would be fruitless, and I want to go a different route,” Mr. Trump said. “We have no choice. ” In the same remarks, Mr. Trump alluded to the idea of a border tax, saying, “We’re working on a tax reform bill that will reduce our trade deficits, increase American exports, and will generate revenue from Mexico that will pay for the wall if we decide to go that route. ” After the speech, in a brief, impromptu news conference as Mr. Trump flew back to Washington, Mr. Spicer told reporters that the president now favored the plan to impose a 20 percent border tax as part of a sweeping overhaul of corporate taxation. Only last week, Mr. Trump had dismissed the tax as too complicated, favoring his own plan to impose a 35 percent tariff on manufactured goods made by American corporations in overseas factories. Mr. Spicer said that the plan for the tax was “taking shape” and that it was “really going to provide the funding” for the wall. Mr. Spicer said that was a direct reference to the centerpiece of House Republicans’ proposal to overhaul the tax code. They have been pushing the idea for months, but with little evidence, until Thursday, that Mr. Trump was interested in it. But by the time Mr. Spicer returned to the White House two hours later, he had already recanted. In another hastily arranged conversation with reporters, he called the proposal “one idea” that might work and said it was not the job of the White House to “roll something out” on tax policy. “We’ve been asked over and over again: ‘How could you possibly do this? There’s no way that Mexico will pay for it,’ ” Mr. Spicer said. “Here’s one way. Boom. Done. We could go in another direction. We could talk about tariffs. We could talk about other custom user fees. There are a hundred other things. ” The White House and House Republicans have been hashing out their respective tax proposals as they press forward with Mr. Trump’s agenda to revive American manufacturing and increase exports. The House proposal would replace the current system of corporate taxation with one that more closely resembles the approach taken by many other developed nations. The government would impose a 20 percent tax on corporate income earned in the United States, which would have the effect of taxing imports while exempting exports. The approach, known as border adjustment, creates the appearance of taxing trade deficits. The goods that the United States imported from Mexico in 2015 were worth about $60 billion more than the goods it exported to Mexico, so federal revenue in the short term would increase by roughly $12 billion. But the House plan would offset that revenue by reducing the 35 percent corporate income tax rate, and would thus generate no new federal revenue over all. It was unclear how that fit with Mr. Spicer’s repeated contention Thursday afternoon that revenue from the tax adjustment would help finance construction of the border wall. By siphoning off that revenue, Mr. Trump would make it impossible to reduce the tax rate as far as Republicans wish. He is pressing for a 15 percent corporate tax rate. Moreover, the tax would not be paid by Mexico. It would be paid by companies selling Mexican goods in the United States. Some might raise prices, imposing the cost on consumers, while others might be forced by competitive pressures to absorb the tax, reducing their profits. Many economists also doubt that the change would end up penalizing imports or encouraging exports. They predict that the value of the dollar would rise, offsetting those effects. Nonetheless, many businesses in industries such as retail and energy, which rely heavily on imports, were in a panic. Representative Kevin Brady, the Texas Republican who wrote the plan, told Fox News on Thursday afternoon that he was pleased that Mr. Trump appeared to be on board with it after his appearance in Philadelphia. “What I heard today from this president was that in tax reform, that they would level the playing field for imports around the world and level it with the U. S. products here in America at the exact same rate,” Mr. Brady said.",0
13274,"No, Russia Is Not ‘Isolated’ Or The ‘Enemy’","0 

Someone is getting anxious . With the Establishment’s preferred candidate losing the U.S. Election, more anti-Russia propaganda has appeared yet again in attempts to instill another “divide and conquer” type message to the U.S. masses. Before reading any further, note that this article is not to defend or support Donald Trump, but rather to dis-spell myths around Russia. 
In what used to be an unbiased media outlet, the Huffington Post, thanks to emails from Wikileaks , has proven yet to only be another puppet outlet of the banking and political cabal. 
In the cabal’s latest desperate attempt to smear Russia as the villain, the article labeled Vladimir Putin as a dictator ruling with fear and hate. In reality, the Russian Federation is an established multi-party representative democracy with Putin receiving a nearly 90% approval rating from it’s citizens . This is compared this to the 51% approval rating Barack Obama received from the U.S. in 2016. Vladimir Putin is systematically taking down the banking cabal. 
The article goes on to claim that “Brexit, Trump and Putin are in isolation” while also defending NATO, a well-known hostile military tool of the U.S. and political cabal. However though, reason sets in and we see through the lies and spins of the media. Let’s take a look at some established facts and see how the dust settles. 
NATO 
The North Atlantic Trade Organization has 28 member states and has long been used as another military option by the U.S. to try and provoke Russia and prevent them from gaining more friends throughout Europe. In reality, take a look to see how many NATO bases exist around Russia and in Europe. So, who is actually looking to create war? Russia or NATO? An image mocking the alleged threat of Russian “aggression.” 
Brexit 
Brexit had very, very little to do with immigration and hate. It had everything to do with Britain reclaiming sovereignty from the EU. While there have indeed been many good things that have come from the creation of the EU, it served as a blueprint for how the globalist cabal wanted to create a one world government, in which all nations belonged to a single world order. Amazingly, this information made it into The Telegraph in late 2015 , which is a mainstream media outlet in the UK that gave detailed evidence that the EU was created and funded by the US State Department and the CIA, as written by Professor Alan Sked. In Alan’s word’s: 
“Voters in Britain need to understand that the European Union was about building a federal superstate from day one.” 
In fact, Brexit was a direct blow to the cabal’s globalist agenda. This was not an isolated move by “angry Britains.” It was a rejection of fascism from the people of the world and the rejection is only going to continue…and Russia is leading the way. 
Alliances 
While the U.S. has claimed several times that Russia is “isolated,” let’s ask ourselves a very logical question. Is is possible to isolate a country that exists in 11 different time zones? Is it logical to believe a nation this big, with industry, business and military presence across these times zones to be even possibly isolated? Is it logical to believe that Russia is isolated when over 3,000 German companies do active business Russia? Remember, Germany has the EU’s best economy and is the biggest reason the EU has not financially collapsed yet. Russia exists across 11 time zones. Good luck in attempts at isolation. 
Further exposure of the “isolation” lies comes with Russia’s multiple alliances it has made with the BRICS, the Shanghai Cooperation Organization(SCO), the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) and the Eurasion Economic Union, among others. Keep in mind too that the U.S. (who is the figurehead in the cabal’s agenda) was not invited to join the nearly 60 nation alliance of the AIIB, or the BRICS and the SCO. Remember, the West’s Russia bashing is all about finance and gold. “Who owns the gold makes the rules.” With India, China and Russia mining and holding a lot of gold, they have made it no secret as to their intention of resetting the world’s financial system to a gold and asset backed system. 
To the cabal, this must be avoided at all costs as The Federal Reserve and European Central Bank continue to print money without it being backed by anything. This fiat currency allows the cabal to control entire nations with paper money that is backed by nothing but words. A gold-backed system on the other hand will allow for more transparency and will eliminate currency manipulation as a means to suppress entire nations and sometimes, entire continents (Africa). 
Additionally, the BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) are well aware of the global collateral accounts and their original humanitarian purposes. The banking cabal has been fraudulently abusing those accounts for decades and is the real reason JFK was assassinated. He had issued Executive Order 11110 and signed the Green Hilton Memorial Agreement with President Sukarno of Indonesia, which was to end the Federal Reserve and CIA and replace Federal Reserve Notes with Treasury Notes, and backing those notes with gold from the global collateral accounts. These accounts also relate to the events of 9/11 . 
While the U.S. claims Russia is isolated, we see that a few former U.S. allies have turned their backs on the U.S. and are defying the cabal that controls the U.S. In recent weeks, we’ve seen Turkey and the Philippines pivot East. So again, who is isolated? 
Syria 
Despite the fact that the U.N. has yet to provide undeniable proof that the Assad regime has used chemical weapons on it’s own people (the only proof that has been submitted is that chemical weapons have been used, but no evidence of who used them), the cabal and it’s media outlets continue to blast Russia for being in Syria as well as making claims Russia shouldn’t be in Syria. Keep in mind, Russia was formally invited by Syria and the U.S. was not. 
The reason so much energy is focused around toppling Assad is not because he is a “dictator,” but because of oil and gas. 
Back in 2009, two middle eastern pipelines were proposed: 
One that started in Qatar and went through Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Iraq then on to Turkey [then to Europe]. The second proposed pipeline was to go through Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Syria, Turkey [then also on to Europe]. Saudi Arabia said no to the first and Syria said no to the second. 
This “no” from Assad in Syria was certainly done to protect his Russian ally, as well as to protect himself from being overthrown . The reason that Russia has a strong interest in protecting the Assad regime is that Assad is stopping natural gas from flowing from the Persian Gulf to Europe. And since Europe is dependent on and the biggest customer of Russia’s natural gas (from the Gazprom company which holds the world’s largest supply of natural gas), it is important financially and politically for Europe to remain that way, in the view of Russia. 
A year after Assad said no to the Qatar, Saudi Pipeline (which was US and EU backed), he called for a pipeline running from Iran (who has the world’s second largest supply of natural gas, behind Russia) through Iraq and into Syria, which then could begin supplying Europe as well. This move was supported by Russia, Iran and Iraq, which now makes up a growing alliance throughout the Middle East. Syria is once again all about control of oil and resources. 
Soon after Assad proposed this new Iran-Iraq-Syrian pipeline, was when the “civil war” broke out and ISIL began creating havoc in the Middle East and more specifically, Syria. Once again, this situation in Syria has nothing to do with chemical weapons, but everything to do with controlling resources and thus, money. It also has nothing to do with Vladimir Putin being a “ dictator.” In reality, Putin is taking a stand against the banking and political cabal who have deep and vested interests in control over Middle Eastern oil and gas. 
ISIL 
Back in mid-November 2015, Vladimir Putin told the world that Russian intelligence had gathered information that 40 countries were funding ISIL and that some of those countries are G-20 members. To make things more interesting, he made this announcement at the G-20 Summit in Antalya, Turkey. The cabal knows Putin and the growing alliance he is working with has the goods on the U.S./Saudi/Israeli trained and funded terrorist outfit known as ISIL. The charade is quickly coming to an end and international exposure is drawing near. 
Monsanto and GMO’s 
Last September, Putin made it known that Russia stopped producing genetically modified foods and were set on becoming the world’s largest exporter of organic foods by 2020. 
“We are not only able to feed ourselves taking into account our lands, water resources – Russia is able to become the largest world supplier of healthy, ecologically clean and high-quality food which the Western producers have long lost, especially given the fact that demand for such products in the world market is steadily growing.” 
Taking a stand against the cabal’s Monsanto was and is a big victory for Russia and for humanity. 
With established facts, we can see the desperate attempts to vilify Vladimir Putin are falling short of their desired outcomes. The world is seeing through it. Unfortunately, there are still many Americans believing the lies and unknowingly supporting the agenda of the banking and political cabal. We must seek peace with Russia and all other nations. We must applaud and support any and all genuine attempts to mend ties and cooperate peacefully with Russia and all nations. We can not let emotional ties to political parties or candidates disable our instinctual drive for peace and harmony to be established with other countries. Peace it must be. 
With humanity continuing to wake up and the world continuing to reject the cabal’s agenda, we must increasingly sharpen our skills at discernment. Attempts at propaganda will continue to come even quicker now and from more angles, as the lies are being revealed at an ever-increasing rate. 
Remember the words of Malcolm X in the days ahead: 
“If you’re not careful, the newspapers will have you hating the people who are being oppressed, and loving the people doing the oppressing.” 
Lance Schuttler graduated from the University of Iowa with a degree in Health Science and does health coaching through his website Orgonlight Health . You can follow the Orgonlight Health facebook page or visit the website for more information and other inspiring articles.",0
13275,We Finally Know Why Americans Spend More on Prescription Drugs Than Other Nations,"By Alice Salles Last week, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders sent a letter to U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Edith Ramirez, chair of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), requesting that the... ",0
13276,Melania Trump Is First Catholic to Live in White House Since JFK,"After Melania Trump met with Pope Francis in the Vatican Wednesday, her spokeswoman confirmed that the First Lady is indeed a Roman Catholic, the first to occupy her post since Jackie Kennedy. [The last time the United States had a Catholic as First Lady was during the presidency of John F. Kennedy, whose wife Jackie Kennedy —  like him —  was a Roman Catholic. When Melania moves into the White House together with their son Barron this summer, she will become the first Catholic occupant of the White House since the Kennedy era.  On meeting the Pope Wednesday, Melania asked him to bless her rosary and later visited the Bambin Gesù (Baby Jesus) pediatric hospital, where she met with young patients and their families, prayed in a chapel and laid flowers at the feet of a statue of the Virgin Mary.  Later that day, the First Lady’s spokeswoman Stephanie Grisham confirmed to DailMail. com that Melania is a practicing Catholic. Having grown up in Slovenia, then part of the Communist and officially atheist Soviet bloc, it is unclear when Melania was baptized a Catholic. President Trump is a   Presbyterian, and he and Melania were married in a Palm Beach Florida Episcopal church. Melania’s father was a nominal member of the Communist Party in order to be able to obtain employment. In February, Melania kicked off a presidential rally in Melbourne, Florida, by reciting the Lord’s Prayer, beginning with the typical Catholic invocation “Let us pray. ” The first lady later tweeted about the development with the hashtags “#Blessings” and “#Faith. ” In another tweet, she sent “blessings to all” after her audience with the pontiff, which she described as an “honor” she will never forget. Today’s visit with His Holiness Pope Francis @Pontifex is one I’ll never forget. I was humbled by the honor. Blessings to all. pic. twitter.   —   Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) May 24, 2017,  Mrs. Trump told Pope Francis at the Vatican that she was looking forward to going to the hospital “for the bambinos,” a visit she later described as “very moving. ” “To spend time speaking to and coloring with children who have such a positive spirit despite illness was an amazing gift,” she said. “The time I spent with the little ones in the Intensive Care Unit is something I will never forget, and I will pray for each of them daily,” she said. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
13277,CNN IS OVER! Look What Trump Did Moments Ago To END Wolf Blitzer's Career... * LIBERTY WRITERS NEWS,"
This story by Paris Swade . 
CNN is over. CNN is over! We need to black them off the television screen. They should not even be aired in the United States because they are nothing but a propaganda arm for the Clinton campaign. WIKILEAKS JUST LEAKED PROOF THAT CNN WORKS WITH THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN. 
They were just caught colluding with the DNC on what questions Wolf Blitzer should ask Trump ahead of his foreign policy address. 
Here is a newly leaked email by Wikileaks with someone from the DNC asking for questions from the DNC to send to Wolf Blitzer. You can find the Wikileaks here . 
Here is a new Wikileaks email where someone named [email protected] asking for questions to ask Cruz on CNN. You can find the Wikileaks by clicking here . 
*** Here is the interview in question. 
The DNC literally gave the questions for Wolf Blitzer to ask Trump. We need to expose this to the people of America. They are being lied to. It hurts my heart to see so many people so blind. 
*** Share this if you are tired of the mainstream media lies! 
Comment ‘BLACK OUT CNN’ below. We need to expose CNN for the criminals that they are! 
Stand up patriots and share this with all of your friends. We have to get this information out. God bless Trump for standing up to this. ",0
13278,Syrian Airstrike May Open Door to Congressional Funding for Refugee Safe Zones Overseas,"Last week’s American airstrike on a Syrian base believed to house chemical weapons used to attack Syrian civilians has brought the issue of refugees once again to the forefront of the political debate. [Democrats, ranging from Hillary Clinton to Maxine Waters, have used the airstrike as an opportunity to call again for the importation of 100, 000 more Syrian refugees into the United States.  “Rep. Maxine Waters (D, Calif.) slammed President Donald Trump on Sunday for his temporary refugee ban and backed a MoveOn. org petition calling for the United States to take in 100, 000 Syrian refugees,” the Free Beacon reported earlier this week. “Former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton chided President Trump Friday for ordering airstrikes against the Syrian regime at the same time as he attempts to bar Syrian refugees from the U. S. urging the administration to recognize that we cannot in one breath speak of protecting Syrian babies and in the next close America’s doors to them,” CBS News reported last week. But for President Trump and many Republicans, the airstrike presents an opportunity to   a concept President Trump raised on the campaign trail: the establishment of refugee safe zones overseas. The summary of President Trump’s proposed budget for FY 2018 released by OMB in March suggests the administration may be including a funding request to establish such refugee zones. “The blueprint for the Trump administration’s FY 2018 budget released on Thursday ‘allows for significant funding of humanitarian assistance, including food aid, disaster, and refugee program funding’ in the State Department,” Breitbart News reported in March:   The language of the blueprint, however, could be interpreted to suggest that the Trump administration’s “significant funding of . . . [the] refugee program” defines the program broadly to include safe zones in other parts of the world in addition to the federal refugee resettlement program. As such, a further reduction of refugees resettled in the United States in FY 2018 could be entirely possible. President Trump supported the establishment of safe zones for refugees during the campaign. The Refugee Admissions Program authorized by the Refugee Act of 1980 has been surrounded by political and legal chaos for several years, and that controversy has heightened during the campaign of 2016 and the first months of the Trump administration. Trump campaigned on stopping the flow of Syrian refugees to the United States, while Hillary Clinton wanted to dramatically increase that flow. Trump won the Presidency in part based on his stance on refugees, but his efforts to honor his campaign pledge have been hampered by court decisions that have temporarily halted both Executive Order 13769 and Executive Order 13780. Overall, the flow of refugees into the United States has declined under the Trump administration, but a significant number of refugees from the six Middle Eastern countries “hostile to the United States” Trump attempted to impose a temporary travel ban on in Executive Order 13780  —   Somalia, Sudan, Syria, Iran, Libya, and Yemen —  has continued unabated. Paying for the resettlement of refugees is expensive. Breitbart News estimated that the annual cost to American taxpayers to fund the resettlement of refugees exceeds $4 billion. Several cost estimates indicate that safe zones overseas would cost less than ten percent, on a per refugee basis, what it costs to resettle a refugee in the United States. In addition to the financial cost of refugee resettlement, the cultural cost to the United States is very high as well, since refugees —  especially from Somalia, Sudan, Syria, Iran, Libya, and Yemen —  have a long track record of failing to assimilate into American culture. That failure manifests itself in several ways. These refugees have been involved in a number of terrorist incidents in the United States. Somalian refugees in particular have participated in a number of terrorist incidents in the United States and been arrested for attempting to join ISIS. Then there is the huge public health impact of refugees, again particularly from these six countries in the Middle East. Breitbart News has reported, for instance, that the number of cases of active TB from refugees during the four year period from 2012 to 2015 exceeded 1, 500: The increase in the number of refugees diagnosed with active TB from 358 in 2012 to 409 in 2015 was partially responsible for the increase in the total number of   cases of active TB increased from 6, 274 to 6, 350 during those four years. Other categories of   cases of TB that increased included those who arrived under regular immigrant visas, which increased from 1, 437 in 2012 to 1, 670 in 2015,  those who arrived in the “other” category, which includes illegal immigrants (called “undocumented immigrants” in the CDC reports) which increased from 1, 312 in 2012 to 1, 408 in 2015, and those who arrived under student visas, which increased from 158 in 2012 to 191 in 2015.   TB cases as a percentage of all TB cases diagnosed in the United States increased from 63. 1 percent in 2012 to 66. 4 percent in 2015. Finally, there is a huge problem of common crimes committed by refugees who do not assimilate into American culture, or actively reject it. “Three boys from Iraq and Sudan who were invited into the country via refugee programs pled guilty to charges of sexually brutalizing a    American child in Twin Falls, Idaho, last year,” Breitbart News reported earlier this month. In North Dakota recently a “Somali refugee in the U. S. was sentenced to 20 years in prison after being convicted of molesting a teenage girl at gunpoint,” Breitbart News reported. The list of crimes reported by refugees in the United States is much longer than this, as a brief scan of the daily headlines around the country confirms on a regular basis. In one recent key appointment, President Trump indicated that it may no longer be “business as usual” in the Refugee Admissions Program. “President Donald Trump has selected Scott Lloyd to serve as the new director of the Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) the office within the Department of Health and Human Services that administers the payments to the voluntary agencies (VOLAGs) that resettle refugees in the United States,” Breitbart News reported last month. Still, Obama holdovers who have historically been strong refugee advocates, most notably Jennifer Higgins, remain in positions of authority in the Department of Homeland Security’s program responsible for refugee vetting. The Trump administration will shortly reveal how serious it is about establishing refugee safe zones overseas as a preferable alternative to bringing thousands more Middle Eastern refugees into the United States. The Continuing Resolution that has funded the federal government’s operations for the first half of FY 2017 is about to expire later this month on April 28. Recent comments by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) suggest refugee safe zones may be part of budget considerations. McConnell “wouldn’t comment on whether Trump should let refugees into the U. S. but said it would be beneficial to create some safe zone in Syria, “which would require some military action  …    so people don’t feel like they have to run for their lives,” Axios reported last week. Any proposal by the Trump administration to increase refugee funding to establish safe zones during the remainder of FY 2017 will be included in the budgets brought to a vote in Congress to fund the balance of the fiscal year later this month.",0
13279,Cambodia – a Thorny Path to Elections | New Eastern Outlook,"Region: Southeast Asia Two years remain until the parliamentary elections in Cambodia. This is a really rather short period considering that the position of the current political regime of the Cambodian People’s Party (CPP) remains in doubt. Despite the Party’s success at the municipal elections in 2015, there is no confidence that it may win and retain power at the parliamentary elections. The CPP is overloaded with a host of problems. Primarily, everyone is talking about corruption in the party, its nepotism, detachment from the people, who analysts state have long tired of seeing one and the same governing figures at the top of Cambodia’s political hierarchy. There is even the feeling that the leadership of the Party won’t plan to renew its policy and introduce new leaders even if it recognizes its problems. In January 2015, at an emergency session of the CPP, it was noted that “the corruption, nepotism, abuse of powers, violation of the laws spread among the Party’s members had undermined the confidence of the people and raised doubts about its right to rule the country.” The introduction of reforms inside the Party and society was named as a life-and-death issue for the CPP’s future at the session. However, almost two years have passed since the session and the Party has not even started to solve its acute problems. There are no new young and attractive leaders in its leadership, yet the provincial level has rather competent and authoritative governors of provinces – CPP members that might change the image of the ruling party if they became members of its leadership. Despite the fact that the number of members of the Central Committee has doubled, it is still dominated by the same veterans of the People’s Revolutionary Party who together with Hun Sen and supported by Vietnam and the Soviet Union built the People’s Republic of Kampuchea (1979-1991). Over this period, they went from being “comrade” to “Mr” and became even more detached from real life. The style of the political leadership was supposed to be corrected, and the session would promote steps aimed at a symbolic detachment from the personal leadership of Hun Sen. These expectations were not met. Soon after the session, he took up the position of CPP Chairman and consolidated both administrative and party powers into his own hands. The relations of the authorities and the opposition have been developing in a complicated and ambiguous way. At first, the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) headed by openly pro-Western and anti-Vietnam policy maker Sam Rainsy, which obtained only 12 seats fewer than the ruling party at the elections in 2013, boycotted the National Parliament in protest against the alleged falsification of the figures and violations that prevented their victory. Then, pro-Western nationalists agreed with Hun Sen to return to the Parliament and started active work aimed at spreading their influence in the rural areas by opening its branches in the traditional CPP territories and carrying out protests in their interest. This activity led by the opposition clearly frightened the ruling regime and Sam Rainsy emigrated while the other leader Kim Socha and his supporters were brought to justice for the organization of illegal anti-governmental protests. At the same time, Cambodia’s leader initiated propaganda attacks on the opposition leaders, organised protests demanding the resignation of its representatives from public offices. A number of opposition members were even beaten, which was followed by the initiation of criminal cases against them. The situation became so serious that the Deputies of the European Parliament threatened the authorities of Cambodia with suspending the provision of economic assistance. This is a serious warning for Hun Sen, as the European Union is one of the leading donors to Cambodia’s economy. As for the tactics of the opposition, it is now refraining from mass protest campaigns in order not to give the authorities reason to expand repressions. At the same time, using non-commercial organisations related to it and gaining Western subsidies, the opposition is generating the conviction in society that the ruling regime is against the people, and its leaders should be judged and their property should be confiscated. It also proposes a social and economic program that presupposes an increase in the minimum wage and retirement benefits, and a reduction in fuel and electricity prices. Though the program is purely populist and unreal, it is attracting people who have started to perceive the CNRP as a political force able to change the situation in the country. While assessing the situation in Cambodia and its prospects, it becomes clear that the People’s Party has no clear pre-election strategy and it is not mobilizing party members for successful elections. The elaboration and presentation of a pre-election strategy might influence those who have doubts about their preferences and those who have not decided how to vote in 2018. In September, I had a chance to talk with the delegation from Cambodia at the Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok. I was interested in the mood in the People’s Party in the run-up to the elections. One of the high-ranking members of the delegation answered, “We are very scared”, which just confirmed that our conclusions were correct. Dmitry Mosyakov, Professor, Doctor of Historical Sciences, Director of the Centre for Southeast Asia, Australia and Oceania and the Institute of Oriental Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences, exclusively for the online magazine “ New Eastern Outlook. “ 
",0
13280,Donna Brazile Suggests Snowstorm Stella Could Hurt Trump Politically,"Disgraced   commentator Donna Brazile took to Twitter earlier this week and asked her   followers if Snowstorm Stella’s disastrous effect on Americans could potentially damage Donald Trump’s presidency. [She used the analogy of Hurricane Katrina and the hurt it caused President George W. Bush, and how Hurricane Sandy marred former President Barack Obama.  “#43 twisted with Katrina, #44 soaked in Sandy. Will #DonaldDumpStella? Can 40 million ppl find #Stella sobering under #45 leadership?” Brazile tweeted. #43 twisted with Katrina, #44 soaked in Sandy. Will #DonaldDumpStella? Can 40 million ppl find #Stella sobering under #45 leadership?  —   Donna Brazile (@donnabrazile) March 13, 2017,  The Democratic strategist further politicized potential tragedy by posting another tweet with the hashtag “#StellaGotGroove. ” #StellaGotGroove #WinterStormStella https:  .   —   Donna Brazile (@donnabrazile) March 13, 2017,  By Monday afternoon, Brazile was still pushing politics and posting photos of the storm’s advancement. Here comes #Stella! pic. twitter.   —   Donna Brazile (@donnabrazile) March 13, 2017,  Hurricane Katrina took 1, 836 lives in 2005. Hurricane Sandy killed another 106 people in 2012. Brazile’s tweets sparked outrage on social media, with many Twitter users asking why the former Chair of the Democratic National Committee thought it wise to politicize a potentially deadly snow storm.  Brazile resigned from CNN last year after she was caught secretly sharing information about official CNN events with Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign, Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
13281,Kiev says detained Russian servicemen are accused of breaking military oath - Russia News Now,"This post was originally published on this site 
© Mikhail Metzel/TASS 
KIEV, November 22. /TASS/. The Russian servicemen detained on the border with Crimea are the former servicemen of Ukraine’s army accused of breaking the military oath, Ukraine’s Defense Ministry spokesman on the Donbass military operation Alexander Motuzyanik said on Tuesday. 
“We don’t know on what purpose these persons crossed the administrative border. They were detained on the territory controlled by Ukraine and it was found out that these are the former servicemen of Ukraine’s Armed Forces who failed to comply with the respective directive and did not leave Crimea,” the spokesman said. 
“So they broke the military oath and there are the respective criminal proceedings against them,” he said, adding that the detention took place as part of Ukraine’s current legislation. 
Russia’s Defense Ministry said late on Monday that the Ukrainian Security Service officers had illegally detained Russian contract servicemen in Crimea at about 13:00 Moscow time (10:00 GMT) on November 20 and took them to Ukraine’s Nikolayev Region. 
The ministry said further that according to available data, the Ukrainian special services were attempting to fabricate a criminal case against Alexander Baranov and Maxim Odintsov for allegedly committed crimes against Ukraine. 
Russia’s Defense Ministry does not rule out that psychological and physical pressure will be exerted on the Russian servicemen to obtain necessary confessionary evidence from them. 
This information was confirmed earlier on Tuesday by a representative of the Russian Black Sea Fleet. “Officers of the Ukrainian Security Service used substitute persons to entice warrant officer Maxim Odintsov and contract service junior sergeant Alexander Baranov into the Dzhankoi checkpoint allegedly for giving them attested documents of receiving higher education at Ukrainian higher educational institutions,” the fleet’s representative said. 
Shortly after Odintsov and Baranov left Russia’s territory, the servicemen were detained by representatives of the Ukrainian Security Service and brought to Ukraine’s Nikolayev Region, he added. 
Russia’s Foreign Ministry has come up with a statement that Ukrainian special services have made a provocation against Russian citizens on the territory of Russia by abducting two servicemen in Crimea.”We believe this was an unlawful provocation made by Ukraine’s special services on the territory of Russia against Russian citizens. Our law-enforcement agencies are dealing with this issue,” Sergey Lavrov said. 
Russia’s human rights commissioner Tatyana Moskalkova plans to send a request to her Ukrainian counterpart Valeriya Lutkovskaya on Tuesday asking her to assist in releasing the two Russian servicemen. 
{{item.group_date}} ",0
13282,Rule or Ruin,"Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name => Pat Buchanan not only read these books, he wrote them. Credit: VDare.com. 
If only Donald Trump hadn’t been such a crazy, thin-skinned, moral lout who holds the Constitution in contempt, THEN we could have supported him! Maybe. 
Mushy moderates think alike: Rod Dreher is out with The Tragedy of Trump [ The American Conservative , October 24, 2016] praising New York Time s token conservative Ross Douthat for saying 
The dangers of a Hillary Clinton presidency are more familiar than Trump’s authoritarian unknowns, because we live with them in our politics already. They’re the dangers of elite groupthink, of Beltway power worship, of a cult of presidential action in the service of dubious ideals. They’re the dangers of a recklessness and radicalism that doesn’t recognize itself as either, because it’s convinced that if an idea is mainstream and commonplace among the great and good then it cannot possibly be folly. 
[ The Dangers of Hillary Clinton , October 22, 2016, Dreher’s emphasis] 
Dreher comments: 
Boy, is that ever true. Read the whole thing. Along these lines, there was a quite good Peggy Noonan column in the WSJ last week [ Imagine a Sane Donald Trump , October 20, 2016](now, alas, behind the paywall, but I found the whole thing here ), saying that if Trump were not a “nut” — which he clearly is — he would be winning this thing by a landslide, because a lot of folks are sick and tired of the status quo that Hillary represents. 
But wait a minute. I find my mind circling back to Patrick J. Buchanan, a devout Christian, a long-time conservative, and a loyal Republican who endorsed Bob Dole in 1996 and George W. Bush in 2004. Buchanan was a truly creative political thinker who wrote the Donald Trump playbook on immigration, free-trade , and foreign policy —and he was excommunicated from the cult of #TrueConservatism for opposing the disastrous Iraq War. 
Then, after Pat Buchanan, there was Ron Paul in 2008 and 2012, who was a very different messenger, but one who carried Buchanan’s torch on foreign policy. Ron Paul wasn’t as strong as Buchanan on immigration or free-trade, but he was the Mr. Constitution of 2008 and 2012. Like Pat Buchanan, Ron Paul carried none of Trump’s character baggage on women, morality or religion, but he was STRONG on the Constitution. 
How did all of these born-again constitutional conservatives respond to Ron Paul’s candidacy at the 2012 Republican Convention? They crushed him. [ Chaos on the Convention Floor as RNC Blocks Ron Paul Delegates, Alters Seating Rules , DemocracyNow, August 29, 2012] 
Mike Huckabee , too, was a very different messenger than Pat Buchanan or Ron Paul. Huckabee’s campaigns anticipated Trump’s campaign on entitlements. He wanted a more blue-collar, populist, working class Republican Party that tilted more toward Main Street than to K Street and the Chamber of Commerce. Also like Pat Buchanan and Ron Paul, Mike Huckabee shared none of Trump’s character baggage on women, morality or religion. Mike Huckabee was the Mr. Evangelical of the 2008, 2012 and 2016 campaigns. Huckabee styled himself as the “God, Guns, Grits, and Gravy” conservative. 
And yet, Pat Buchanan was caricatured as a Neo-Nazi anti-Semite, Ron Paul as a crazy wild eyed kook, and Mike Huckabee as an unacceptable cornpone welfare-stater. 
Unlike John McCain, Mitt Romney and ¡Jeb!, non e of these “Sane Donald Trumps” were acceptable to the classical-liberal, self-anointed “governing wing” of the Republican Party. 
TAC ’s Dreher wimps on: 
Trumpers, likewise, will be strongly tempted to indulge in bitter “You stabbed him in the back!” polemics. All of this will work to the advantage of President H. Clinton, of course. What is needed is for the GOP establishment to humble itself enough to admit those who, like Noonan, accept the critique of the party and the system that Trump’s candidacy embodies, however, well, nuttily. And the Trump insurgents — including their leader — need to have the sense to realize that it advantages them not at all to drag this fight with Republicans out past the election . Their candidate will have received a thorough, resounding rejection by voters in an election he likely would have won had he not consistently spoken and acted like a nut. 
Do I think this (humility on both sides, uniting in the face of Hillaryism) is likely to happen? No, I do not. But I hope I’m wrong. The Trump people, like their candidate, are not known for their ability to think strategically and to restrain themselves for their own good. And the bitterness and spite among Republican regulars is going to blind them to their own role in creating this mess. (My emphasis) 
But this isn’t “polemics”—it is a historical fact: no major party candidate in American history, including William Howard Taft in 1912 and Barry Goldwater in 1964 , has been stabbed in the back by more members of his own party. No major party candidate in history has ever taken more fire from the “leading intellectuals” of his own party. Trump has been fighting a two-front war since May—the war against Hillary Clinton and the Left, and the war against #NeverTrumper conservative intellectuals and hacks in his own party. 
Trump’s struggles from the convention through the general election have been due to a single demographic: college educated, suburban White Republicans, especially women. These people voted for Mitt Romney in 2012. They voted for ¡Jeb!, Rubio and Kasich in the Republican primaries. This is the 25% of the Republican Party who have refused to back Trump or have panicked time and time again whenever some new story roils the news cycle. 
#NeverTrump still has a lot of influence over these Establishment-oriented voters. Their strategy has been to throw gasoline on every small fire in the news cycle in order to panic these voters into fleeing from Trump. That’s what happened with the Judge Curiel incident, the Khizr Khan fiasco and most recently with the Access Hollywood tape. Trump’s “fellow Republicans” come out and slam him and make these stories a far bigger deal. 
Because of these dynamics, it’s true to say that what happened on October 8, 2016 was The Day The Republican Party Died . That was the day of the #NeverTrump coup in which1/3 of the Republican Senate and 1/4 of all elected Republicans publicly abandoned him. It was a historically unprecedented betrayal – never before in American history, not even during TR’s short-lived Bull Moose Party in 1912, had more elected members of one party deserted their own nominee. 
The utterly predictable result of the #NeverTrump coup was the party split that showed up in the polls. That event altered the whole trajectory and tone of the race. 
What would have happened if Pat Buchanan, Ron Paul or Mike Huckabee had beaten Dole in 1996 or Romney in 2012? I believe the result would have been the same . I think the Republican Establishment would have joined forces with the Democratic Establishment in order to preserve the neo-liberal globalist status quo. 
There would have been some kind of #NeverBuchanan, #NeverPaul, or #NeverHuckabee campaign. If any of these forerunners of Trumpism had won the Republican nomination, there would have a similar fight to “save the soul” of “conservatism.” 
If the Establishment candidate loses the primary, the “soul” of the Republican Party will always be at risk. 
If Trump loses in a landslide, the response of the GOP Establishment to any future insurgent candidate will be the precedent set in 2016: They will sabotage their own nominee in order to elect the Democrat and hang on to power. 
Because of this, it will be impossible to reform the GOP through the primary system. 
So yes, we must face facts and “drag this fight out” beyond November. 
Conservatism, Inc. has thrown down the gauntlet: either support ¡Jeb! 2020 or Rubio 2020, the candidate of the minority neo-liberal globalist “governing wing” of the GOP—or else. 
Brad Griffin is the Editor of Occidental Dissent , where he writes under pen name Hunter Wallace . (Reprinted from VDare.com by permission of author or representative)",0
13283,Dutch Anti-Islam MP Wilders to Snub Hate Speech Trial,"Dutch Anti-Islam MP Wilders to Snub Hate Speech Trial AFP, October 28, 2016 
Defiant Dutch anti-Islam politician Geert Wilders said Friday he will refuse to attend his hate speech trial next week, dubbing it a travesty aimed at silencing him as the country prepares for 2017 elections. 
The trial opens on Monday before a three-judge bench with the far-right politician facing charges of insulting a racial group and inciting racial hatred for comments he made about Moroccans living in the Netherlands. 
“It is my right and my duty as a politician to speak about the problems in our country,” Wilders said in a statement Friday, dubbing the case “a political trial, in which I refuse to cooperate”. 
It comes as opinion polls have shown his far-right Freedom Party (PVV) doing well ahead of March elections. 
After riding high amid the migrant crisis, the party is now polling neck-and-neck with Prime Minister Mark Rutte’s Liberals each predicted to win between 25 to 29 seats in the 150-seat parliament. 
Set to last until November 25, the trial focuses on a comment made at a March 2014 rally when Wilders asked supporters if they wanted “fewer or more Moroccans in your city and in the Netherlands?” 
When the crowd shouted back “Fewer! Fewer!” Wilders answered: “We’re going to organise that.” 
{snip} 
Wilders said Friday he would leave his defence in the hands of his lawyer Geert-Jan Knoops and instead “go to work” in the parliament in The Hague. 
{snip} 
Judges earlier this month dismissed arguments by Wilders’ lawyers that the trial was “politically motivated” adding they did not believe it will impact the PVV’s election campaign. 
Politicians “are granted broad freedoms of expression because of their official position,” the judges ruled last month. 
“Precisely therefore politicians have an important role to avoid feeding intolerance by making these kind of public statements.” 
Wilders hit back Friday saying “it is a travesty that I have to stand trial because I spoke about fewer Moroccans.” 
“Millions of Dutch citizens (43 percent of the population) want fewer Moroccans,” he claimed. 
“Not because they despise all Moroccans or want all Moroccans out of the country, but because they are sick and tired of the nuisance and terror caused by so many Moroccans.” 
{snip}",0
13284,"A Debate Stage in Virginia, With Racial ‘Scar Tissue’ as the Backdrop - The New York Times","FARMVILLE, Va.  —   When Tim Kaine joyously proclaimed that “Old Virginny is dead” the day after Barack Obama was elected president in 2008, he was on to something. Virginia, the birthplace of American slavery and the state that provided the intellectual foundation more than 300 years later for “massive resistance” to integration, had just voted for a black man to go to the White House. But Virginia’s support for Mr. Obama that year was not an aberration. Long seen as a hotbed of social unrest, where ancestor worship was as much a favored pastime as football, the Old Dominion reflects the America of 2016 as much as any state in the country. Mr. Kaine, who was Virginia’s governor in 2008 and is now a senator and the Democratic nominee for vice president, will debate Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana, the Republican   nominee, on Tuesday night in a state that is increasingly suburban, racially diverse and culturally tolerant. “I bet we’ve got more scar tissue than any other state on this,” Mr. Kaine said in an interview, referring to issues of race. “But we have learned that the better path is the path that Jefferson announced at the very beginning, that equality is our North Star, and when we follow that and we progressively get closer and closer to it. ” Mr. Kaine, like Virginia’s other senator and its governor, is a transplant. I am not. Though I grew up in Northern Virginia, still seen by some   as occupied territory, the debate in Farmville, in the central part of the state, represents something of a homecoming for me. I went to college a few minutes down the road from Longwood University, the debate host, at   a   and still   school founded in 1776. It is fair to say I was not expecting the 2016 presidential race to go through the rural community where I had spent four years. When I heard that Farmvegas, as we used to call it, had been awarded the debate, I was thrilled. Not only would it be fun to cover a debate in a small town I knew so well, but the event would shine a light on a place that, unbeknown to many, was home to one of the most uplifting stories, and then one of the most tragic stories, in civil rights history. And if ever there was a campaign that needed historical perspective on race in America, it was this one. It was in Farmville that Barbara Johns, a      girl, led a walkout from the community’s dilapidated   school in 1951 to protest the inferior conditions. The protest, an astonishing display of physical courage in the Jim Crow South, ultimately led to a lawsuit that was merged with the cases collectively known as Brown v. Board of Education. Sadly, the integration story of Farmville, and the surrounding Prince Edward County, does not end there. In defiance of the Supreme Court, local white officials would eventually close the entire county’s public school system for five years rather than let black and white children learn together. An   academy was built, and   and some poor white students were denied an education. Many of them still live in the area, and some have benefited from a state program offering tuition assistance for those who had no place to go to school during this period. “This isn’t the past,” said Mr. Kaine, who in 2008 unveiled a civil rights monument honoring Ms. Johns and others outside Virginia’s Capitol. “It still has a very significant effect. ” He would know: He married the daughter of Linwood Holton, Virginia’s first racially progressive governor. “When my    integrated the public schools in Virginia, he became persona non grata politically ever after,” Mr. Kaine said, “and it’s only now, at 93, people think he was a good governor. ” This community, like the state, has made considerable strides. A black woman is now the county prosecutor, and there is a civil rights museum where that segregated school stood. But the racial divide on education has not yet been bridged. The   academy is renamed and includes some blacks, but it is largely white while the public schools are mostly black. Longwood’s public relations effort in the   to the debate focused on Farmville as a place of reconciliation, highlighting the symmetry of the Civil War’s end in nearby Appomattox and, less than 100 years later, Ms. Johns’s walkout that helped fuel the civil rights movement here. Some natives would prefer more attention to the school closures and the bitter legacy they left. “I think it’s a missed opportunity,” said Kristen Green, who grew up in Farmville and returned recently to write a book, “Something Must Be Done About Prince Edward County,” an account of the education struggle here and how the community is and is not reckoning with its history. W. Taylor Reveley IV, Longwood’s president, said a civil rights walking tour planned for Tuesday would include talk of the school closures, and he pointed to a discussion of the topic in the press materials. Farmville, Mr. Reveley said, is now “genuinely drawing strength from its history rather than avoiding its history. ” But he conceded that the town was still grappling with difficulties in educational opportunities and outcomes. In this regard, he said, Farmville is not unique. It is a reflection of the country. “There’s no place in the United States that has achieved a perfect state of grace when it comes to these issues,” he said.",0
13286,Oklahoma Orders Shutdown of Wells After Record-Tying Earthquake - The New York Times,"Oklahoma officials on Saturday ordered oil and gas operators to shut down three dozen wastewater disposal wells following a 5.  earthquake that tied a record as the strongest in state history. The quake, centered near Pawnee, rattled the state just after 8 a. m. Eastern time Saturday, tying a record set in 2011 for the strongest such tremor in Oklahoma history, according to the National Weather Service. Local officials reported moderate to severe damage and at least one   injury. “We are finding a lot of rural houses north, northwest of Pawnee that are seeing extensive damage,” Sheriff Mike Waters of Pawnee County said on Saturday. Pawnee County Emergency Management posted photos on Facebook just before noon of a pile of rubble, noting that three buildings had moderate damage, while several others had minor damage. Rocks and bricks fell from some businesses in town, and items fell off grocery store shelves, Sheriff Waters added. Gov. Mary Fallin declared a state of emergency for Pawnee County. She said on Twitter that crews inspecting bridges for damage found few in need of repair. The United States Geological Survey recorded later earthquakes of magnitudes 3. 6, 3. 4 and 2. 9. The first quake was felt as far away as Chicago and Austin, Tex. Thousands of earthquakes have hit Oklahoma in recent years. Most have been imperceptible, but the number that can be felt  —   generally of magnitude 3. 0 and higher  —   has risen significantly. Only three earthquakes of that size or stronger were recorded in 2009. Last year, the state had 907 such quakes. So far this year, there have been more than 400. Many seismologists say the quakes are caused by   injection of wastewater from oil and gas wells, both conventional and hydraulically fractured, or fracked. As wastewater under pressure migrates into rock formations, it alters stresses along old faults, allowing them to slip. The Oklahoma Corporation Commission, which oversees oil and gas activity, announced that it had ordered the shutdown of wastewater wells across about 500 square miles in the area hit by the quake. About three dozen wells are affected, and will have to shut down in as little as a week, Ms. Fallin said on Twitter. The United States Geological Survey said in a statement that oil and gas activity had set off many earthquakes in the state, but that it could not yet say the practice caused Saturday’s quake. “Without studying the specifics of the wastewater injection and oil and gas production in this area, the U. S. G. S. cannot currently conclude whether or not this particular earthquake was caused by   human activities,” it said. Oklahoma has thousands of wastewater disposal wells. Since   the state has ordered operators of some to reduce the volume of wastewater injected, in the hope of reducing earthquakes. The earthquake on Saturday was the largest in the state since a 5.  quake struck near Prague, about 60 miles south of Pawnee, in November 2011. That quake injured two people and damaged more than a dozen homes and a college building.",0
13287,Заметят ли в России отмену рыбного эмбарго?,"Экономика Постановлением правительства России расширены исключения из списка санкционной продукции. В документе, опубликованным 25 октября на официальном интернет-портале правовой информации, в частности, говорится о том, что теперь в Россию разрешено ввозить мальков камбалы-тюрбо, лаврака обыкновенного и молоди белоногой креветки, а также мальков лосося атлантического, форели и молоди мидий. 0 комментариев 0 поделились Фото: AP 
Напомним, ограничения на импорт продовольствия из стран Евросоюза, США, Норвегии, Австралии и Канады вступило в силу в августе 2014 года. Запрет коснулся не только поставок говядины, мяса птицы, свинины, орехов, фруктов и овощей из этих стран, но и рыбы. 
Некоторые из опрошенных Pravda.ru рыботорговцев, впрочем, признавались, что запрещенная к ввозу деликатесная рыба все равно импортировалась в Россию из Чили, Уругвая, Китая. 
Прокомментировать решение кабинета министров Pravda.Ru попросила президента Всероссийской ассоциации рыбохозяйственных предприятий, предпринимателей и экспортеров (ВАРПЭ) Александра Фомина. 
- Как вы оцениваете постановление правительства, исключившего из списка эмбарго ряд наименований рыбы? И дело касается только мальков? 
- Как я понял, правительство сняло запрет на ввоз мальков по нескольким позициям. Как известно, своих посадочного материала, своих мальков у нас нет, и видимо кто-то, решив выращивать этих мальков, обратился в правительство. Соответственно, правительство приняло нужное решение и исключило эти позиции из санкционного списка. 
- Сейчас, кажется, только форель сами разводят в России? 
- Форель тоже разная. Есть форель как бы морская, которая в садках по норвежским технологиям выращивается, вот таких мальков у нас нет. Зато неплохо обстоят дела с разведением пресноводной форели , здесь своих мальков хватает. Ну и плюс там раки, какие-то креветки, этого тоже у нас просто нет. 
С мидиями проще: мальки мидий у нас есть, но видимо предприниматели хотят завозить какой-то особый вид моллюсков, там личинки. Среди посадочного материала устриц есть интересные экземпляры - двустворки, они интересны тем, что более продуктивны. Вот таких у нас устриц нет, наши все больше ""дикие"". 
- Почему же у нас нет своих мальков? 
- Откровенно говоря, у нас и хозяйств таких еще нет. Я предполагаю, что кто-то решил создать такие бизнес-проекты, связанные с разведением этих видов рыб. А раньше мы этим никогда и не занимались , поэтому нет и мальков. 
- Это хорошо, что сами будем разводить? 
- Конечно, разводить свою рыбу надо. Но быстрых результатов ждать не приходится: чтобы получить собственных мальков, нужно работать над этим 5-10 лет. Однако, если мы начнем покупать мальков, выращивать их до взрослой рыбы, тогда этот процесс пойдет быстрее. 
- Видимо, пока еще не стоит говорить о том, что цены на рыбу станут ниже? 
- Ну, это в общем очень маленькая ниша. Пока рыбу вырастят, пройдет 2-3 года. И все равно это продукция премиум-сегмента, которые обычные жители даже не заметят, не услышат об этом ничего. Это продукты для ресторанов. Камбала тюрбо, допустим, это очень дорогая рыба. Форель тоже малодоступная. Поэтому, основная масса населения этого даже не почувствует. 
- Получается, что-то решил производить именно элитные деликатесы? 
- Да, вероятно у кого-то возникла именно такая идея. Другой вопрос, что по более серьезным позициям запреты не снимают, а по несерьезным - буквально по щелчку пальцев вопрос решился, и это странно. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda. Ru на сегодня 
Аквакультура: карасекарп, бестер, криоген и народное хозяйство Поделиться:",0
13288,Exclusive-Libyan Muslim Visiting U.S. Agrees with Trump Travel Order and Efforts to Defeat Radical Islam - Breitbart,"Amaal Elhaaj is fighting the same radical Islamic terrorism that threatens people around the globe, including in her home country of Libya. She is also a Muslim who agrees with President Donald Trump’s travel order and his effort to keep Americans safe. [In fact, Amaal and the eight other Libyans who were granted visas by the Trump State Department came to the United States to seek help from the United Nations and the United States to achieve stability in their country and to gain support for all Muslims in Libya, not just what Amaal calls “political Islam” in power there, including the Muslim Brotherhood.  Members of that delegation, made up of tribal leaders and women activists and organized by the National Movement of Libya (NML) believe that the political processes led by the United Nations in Libya have been more accommodating to Islamists than tribes that represent much larger areas and far more people, partly due to the influence of foreign powers, including the United States under the Obama administration. “I believe Trump is not fighting Muslims just because they are Muslims,” Amaal told Breitbart News. “And the decision he made, I can accept it   …     because he has to make sure the people who enter America are not the wrong people. ” Amaal added that most Libyans are peaceful people who would not commit terrorists acts. “They were trying to empower political Islam in Libya,” Amaal said. ”This is the truth. ” Amaal said NML isn’t advocating for the exclusion of Islamist groups, with the exception of terrorist groups, but that they want the U. N. to respect Libya’s demographics and strengthen cooperation with tribal groups and representatives of cities and civil society. NML consists of groups that both supported and did not support Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi during the 2011 revolution, with members reconciling with the help of facilitators. During the delegation’s visit to New York City and Washington, D. C. this week, members met with officials from the U. N. Security Council, the U. S. State Department, the U. N. Development Program, the Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom to the U. N. and the U. S. Institute for Peace. Amaal, who fled her country in 2014 after being targeted for activism for women’s rights and human rights, including her efforts to be elected as the first female Libyan Prime Minister, said her countrymen who now live in the U. S. aren’t united about the future of Libya. “There are some in the Libyan community in the United States that support the Muslim Brotherhood and are happy about what is happening in Libya,” Amaal said. “Many of those who support the Islamists have dual citizenship. But there are many American Muslims that work hard against terrorism, and we appreciate what they have done and are doing,” she added. Libya has experienced years of violence and lawlessness since the   ouster of Kadhafi, with rival parliaments and governments trading barbs and militias fighting over territory and the country’s vast oil wealth. Militias loyal to former prime minister Khalifa Ghweil, whose administration was replaced by the   government last year, have stepped up a campaign of defiance against its authority. For her part, Amaal plans to move back to a safe area in Libya and continue her activism. “I want democracy,” Amaal said. “I want justice. ” The Libyan delegation was sponsored by the Network for Religious and Traditional Peacemakers and the Libya Institute for Advanced Studies, with the support of Finn Church Aid.",0
13289,Newly Approved GM Potatoes Have Potential to Silence Human Genes,"By Whitney Webb Late last week, the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) approved two new strains of genetically engineered potatoes. The potatoes, created by JR Simplot, have been engineered to... ",0
13290,"How a U.S. Airstrike Missed ISIS, but Damaged U.S. Policy in Syria - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The United States’ accidental bombing of Syrian troops over the weekend has put it on the defensive, undercutting American efforts to reduce violence in the civil war and open paths for humanitarian relief. The United States had thought that if a deal to ease hostilities  in Syria, struck by Secretary of State John Kerry and his Russian counterpart in Geneva nine days ago, fell apart, it would reveal Russia’s duplicity in the war, in which Moscow has supported the Syrian president, Bashar  . Instead, the mistaken bombing  —   American pilots thought they were aiming at Islamic State jihadists but instead killed more than 60 Syrian soldiers, according to the Russian military  —   again exposed the White House’s struggle to put together a coherent strategy in a multisided war. The United States has conflicting aims in the war, from defeating the Islamic State to ultimately easing Mr. Assad out of office. Nearly a year after Mr. Kerry began a diplomatic process to reduce the violence, and then a political accord for a transition in power, he appears no closer to that goal than when he started. The early American calls for Mr. Assad to leave office have been muted because of fears that a power vacuum in Damascus would be exploited by jihadists. The errant bombing, for which the administration apologized to Mr. Assad, also gave both the Russians and the Syrian government a propaganda bonanza: Russia suggested it was a result of an American reluctance to share intelligence, and the Assad government said, contrary to all other evidence, that the United States was trying to protect the Islamic State. The attempt to achieve seven consecutive days of a “reduction of hostilities”  —   the first step in a series of events envisioned in the deal between the United States and Russia  —   is not dead. The clock can start anew. But American officials said it was clear that the effort could fall apart, as did a   agreement in February. American officials accused Russia of not pressing the Assad government to stop military activity and allow in humanitarian aid. Mr. Kerry, appearing on CNN on Sunday morning, called on Russia to stop “grandstanding” and to push the Assad government to honor the Geneva agreement, including allowing the delivery of aid to besieged areas. “The biggest judgment they need to make is to stop Assad from bombing people indiscriminately, which he continues to do,” Mr. Kerry said. “To allow him to continue to go after opposition, pretending that they are Nusra, is in and of itself a huge challenge to this effort. ” The new plan to reduce violence was designed to prevent Syrian forces from bombing   opposition groups while claiming the groups were embedded with Nusra forces, which until recently were officially linked to Al Qaeda. The situation in Syria on Sunday showed that the   that began last Monday was fraying. Fighter jets fired at least four missiles at opposition neighborhoods in Aleppo, Syria’s largest city, while Syrian government helicopters dropped improvised barrel bombs on a village in the country’s south, killing at least nine people, a conflict monitor said. Many American officials believe that the Russians were never serious about the deal that was sealed in Geneva. The officials argue that the Russians were looking for an excuse that would derail it and keep a status quo in which they have more control over events in Syria than any other power, with the possible exception of Iran. If so, the accidental bombing made that process easier. Mr. Kerry faced many skeptics in Washington that the arrangement he worked out with his Russian counterpart, Sergey V. Lavrov, would ever work. Chief among them was Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter, the only senior member of the administration to vocally oppose the deal on the night Mr. Kerry reached it in Geneva. Mr. Carter feared that the accord would reveal too much to the Russians about American targeting intelligence, and argued that Moscow was cynically dragging out the process in President Obama’s final months in office. Mr. Kerry had argued that it was worth testing the Russians on their willingness to act. But on Sunday, whatever optimism he once had seemed gone. “The humanitarian assistance is supposed to be flowing,” Mr. Kerry said. “The regime once again is blocking it. So Russia’s client, Russia’s supported friend, is the single biggest blockade to the ability to move forward here. ” But the deadly bombing underscored how difficult it has been to ensure that the American and Russian militaries do not become entangled on Syria’s complicated battlefield, much less to coordinate their targeting. Under the current system, terse phone calls between the Russian military and the American command post in Qatar are supposed to allow each side to notify the other about the movement of its jets  —   sometimes giving only minutes of warning. This occurred on Saturday, when an American officer in Qatar called his Russian counterpart to tell him of the impending strike, according to a Central Command official. The American strikes began, and an urgent call came 20 minutes later, in which the Russians notified the Americans in Qatar that they were slaughtering Syrian troops. “What is paradoxical here is that Centcom says it informed the Russian military it would be striking the area, which they had struck many times previously,” said Andrew J. Tabler, a Syria expert at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. “You would think the Russians, as Assad’s chief international ally, would have passed on the message. ” On Saturday, Mr. Kerry also called Mr. Lavrov to reiterate the need for the Syrian military to stop its bombings and for humanitarian aid to start flowing. As of Sunday morning, the situation had not improved, a State Department official said. With world leaders and foreign ministers headed to New York for the annual opening of the United Nations General Assembly, Mr. Kerry will assemble a meeting Tuesday of the International Syria Support Group, the multinational body that has designed the plans for a reduction in violence and a political solution for Syria. That group includes the United States, Russia, China, Turkey, and European and Arab nations  —   each with different interests in the conflict. Even after the quick admission by the United States that it had accidentally killed Syrian troops and regretted the loss of life, Russian and Syrian officials seized on the bombing to argue that it was the United States, and the opposition forces it backs, that were undermining the agreement. They said that the Syrians who had been killed had been fighting Islamic State jihadists, and that the bombing was far from an accident. “The actions of coalition pilots  —   if they, as we hope, were not taken on an order from Washington  —   are on the boundary between criminal negligence and connivance with Islamic State terrorists,” Russia’s Foreign Ministry said in a statement. “We strongly urge Washington to exert the needed pressure on the illegal armed groups under its patronage to implement the   plan unconditionally,” the ministry said. “Otherwise, the implementation of the entire package of the U. S.  accords reached in Geneva on Sept. 9 may be jeopardized. ” Sunday’s airstrikes in Aleppo, which is divided between government and opposition forces, were the first to hit the city since the agreement went into effect last Monday. It was unclear whether the strikes had been launched by Syrian or Russian jets, both of which frequently bomb the opposition. It was also unclear whether the Aleppo strikes had killed anyone. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors the conflict from Britain, said four missiles had struck the city, but it did not report any deaths medics in the city posted photos online of children they said had been wounded and killed in the strikes. The Observatory also reported nine dead in the barrel bomb attacks in southern Syria, as well as scattered shelling by government forces elsewhere in the country.",0
13291,November 15: Daily Contrarian Reads,"November 15: Daily Contrarian Reads   My daily contrarian reads for Tuesday, November 15th, 2016. You need to login to view this content. 
David Stockman’s Contra Corner isn’t your typical financial tipsheet. Instead it’s an ongoing dialogue about what’s really happening in the markets… the economy… and governments… so you can understand the world around you and make better decisions for yourself. 
David believes the world -- certainly the United States -- is at a great inflection point in human history. The massive credit inflation of the last three decades has reached its apogee and is now going to splatter spectacularly. 
This will have lasting ramifications on how governments tax and regulate you… the type of work you and your family members will have available and what you get paid… the value of your nest egg… and all other areas comprising your quality of life. Login 
 ",0
13292,Afghan Officials Say at Least 50 Died in Attack on Hospital - The New York Times,"KABUL, Afghanistan  —   Afghan officials sharply increased the tally of dead in an attack last week on a military hospital, saying Wednesday that at least 50 people, including patients and staff members, were killed. In addition, 24 people have been arrested in connection with the March 8 attack, including Afghan generals, according to Lt. Gen. Helaludin Helal, the country’s deputy minister of defense for strategic and intelligence affairs. The arrests were for a variety of charges including negligence, incompetence and complicity, General Helal said at a contentious news conference. The news conference was called after Afghan news reports and social media accounts suggested that the casualty toll was actually in the hundreds that three hospitalized Afghan generals were among those killed by the attackers and that the minister of defense, Abdullah Habibi, had personally signed the V. I. P. vehicle pass that allowed the attackers to enter the heavily guarded hospital complex in a car packed with explosives and weapons. The reports seemed to be fueled partly by contradictory government claims immediately after the attack that only two people had died, a number many officials stuck to even after personnel at the Ministry of Defense confirmed that at least 31 people were dead. In addition, it took the authorities seven hours to quell the attack, leaving the armed insurgents prowling Sardar Daud Khan Hospital for hours, hunting down patients and medical staff members in the   facility, which is usually full or nearly so. General Helal maintained that the news reports in general were distorted and incorrect, without getting into specifics. As the questioning grew heated, General Helal abruptly left, leaving the Defense Ministry spokesman, Maj. Gen. Dawlat Waziri, to take over. General Waziri confirmed that officials were investigating the possibility that the attack was carried out by insiders, but he did not directly address assertions that doctors working at the hospital were involved. He did not identify the generals who were arrested, and did not say how many generals were arrested or what the charges were. He confirmed that the attackers brought their vehicle, a red Toyota Corolla, into the hospital compound in Kabul using an official pass, which he described as “fake. ” One of the five attackers detonated their   car with a   device as they entered the hospital grounds dressed in white medical clothing, according to the official accounts. They then carried out the attack using guns, grenades and suicide vests, at least one of which detonated. The authorities said all five attackers were killed, but Afghans have widely questioned that assertion as well, and raised questions about whether wounded Taliban prisoners who had been in the hospital might have escaped. The victims’ names have not been made public by the government, further fanning speculation about a higher death toll. Some names have emerged. One victim was Gen. Daud Askaryar, who recently retired after six years as head of the National Police Academy, according to his son, Mohammad Maroof Askaryar, who was visiting him at the time of the attack and hid in a bathroom to escape being killed. His father, he said, was stabbed to death through his oxygen tent in the intensive care unit. “The number of those killed is way higher than 50,” said Jawed Kohistani, a former general who is a military analyst with wide connections among the Afghan security forces. A retired general who is currently a member of Parliament, Nazifa Zaki, also disputed the official figure. “I believe 200 people were martyred in the hospital,” Ms. Zaki said. “This is what I heard from eyewitnesses and those who went to the hospital and funerals of the martyred. ” Much of the public ire has been directed at the country’s defense minister, General Habibi, a former   general appointed by President Ashraf Ghani, especially after reports that the general had signed the vehicle pass for the attackers. Members of Parliament have derided General Habibi, who is 64, for apparently sleeping through official meetings in the middle of a war, charges backed up by photos posted on local social media posts showing him apparently dozing off on the job. One shows him sleeping next to Mr. Ghani at an official function. “He should just go to a mosque and catch up on his sleep,” said Allah Gul Mujahid, another member of Parliament. “We need shrewd and active generals to lead the forces. This is not the place for him. ” Afghans were also critical of the country’s chief executive, Abdullah Abdullah, for posing for selfies with soldiers in front of the hospital immediately after the attack. The furor over the military hospital attack has underscored public disenchantment with the coalition government. It has struggled for more than a year to agree on a defense minister, and is two years overdue on holding national elections for Parliament. The military situation has steadily worsened in the meantime, with historically high casualties on the government side more and more districts that are dominated by insurgents and growing numbers of Afghans who have been displaced by fighting. The Islamic State claimed on one of its websites that it was responsible for the hospital attack, while the Taliban denied any role. Government officials, however, have blamed the Taliban, and General Helal said “we cannot deny” that one of the attackers shouted, “Long live the Taliban. ” The Islamic State, also known as ISIS, has a relatively small number of fighters in Afghanistan, mostly in the eastern province of Nangarhar. And while their members have carried out attacks in Kabul  —   such as one last July at a protest that killed 80 people  —   the hospital assault was more complex and sophisticated than anything the group has done before in Afghanistan.",0
13293,"Jimmy Walker Wins the P.G.A. Championship, Capping a Year of New Faces - The New York Times","SPRINGFIELD, N. J.  —   For Jimmy Walker, Sunday was his fourth successive day atop the leaderboard at the P. G. A. Championship. He had played throughout with an unruffled calm, a countenance that belied his inner unease about the outcome of the tournament. Walker was a tenderfoot when it came to the crucible of the last hours of a major championship. He had missed the cut in his last two majors, never finished higher than tied for seventh at any major and was perhaps best known on the PGA Tour for his unusual hobby: astrophotography. Now, in Sunday’s final round, he was being chased by   golf heavyweights, like Jason Day, the world’s   player and the defending P. G. A. champ. Undaunted, Walker had kept his competitors at arm’s length with a   round at the venerable Baltusrol Golf Club, and as he walked to the final tee, he held a   lead. Then Day, in second place, eagled the   18th hole, and Walker suddenly had to par his final hole or face a playoff. Or worse, second place. Walker understood the situation completely. “Brutal,” he said. But Walker drove his tee shot in the fairway and then made the gutsy decision to go for the green. His second shot was slightly wayward, but after a delicate pitch and a nervy   Walker had proved his championship poise. With a steely round of 67, which left him 14 under par for the tournament, Walker became the fourth   major champion of the 2016 golf season. Walker said Day’s     dramatics had not surprised him. “I was hoping to relax  —   I could have used it  —   but I wouldn’t have expected any less from Jason,” he said. Of his choice to hit a fairway wood on the final hole instead of laying up short of the 18th green, Walker said he was only playing the percentages. “I bet 19 out of 20 times, you make five by going for that green,” Walker said. But with a major championship on the line? Walker shrugged and smiled. His second shot sent his ball into deep rough next to a bunker that he would have to cross with his next shot to hold the green. “Not a great lie played that a little safe,” he said of the pitch he flew high over the bunker and 35 feet beyond the hole. Walker’s first putt scooted three feet past the hole, setting up yet another nervy moment. “A little tester,” he said of the second putt. “Just buried it. Just awesome. ” Walker became the first    winner of the P. G. A. Championship since Phil Mickelson, who won at Baltusrol in 2005. Joining Walker as   major winners this year were the Masters champion Danny Willett Dustin Johnson, who won the United States Open and Henrik Stenson, the British Open champ. Daniel Summerhays finished third Sunday at 10 under. Three golfers were tied for fourth at nine under: Branden Grace, Hideki Matsuyama and Brooks Koepka. “I was trying to make a run at Jimmy all day,” said Day, who finished at 13 under after also shooting a   67. “I just couldn’t do it until the very end. ” Walker, 37, has not had an easy path to the highest echelon of golf. Though he first played on the PGA Tour in 2005, he was frequently sent back to the equivalent of the minor leagues and had to requalify for the tour three times. It was not until 2011 that he began to establish himself. Still, Walker, who played at Baylor, competed in 187 tour events before claiming his first victory at the end of 2013. He went on to win two of the next seven events. This year on the Tour has not been his best, with his highest finish a tie for fourth. Walker, who was at 11 under after the first three rounds, began his final round with nine consecutive pars. Each hole seemed to have a sameness to it. Walker was usually in the fairway, and his approaches left him manageable distances for birdie opportunities. If he did not capitalize on them, he also did not make any grievous mistakes. But the missed birdie putts might have been starting to grate on him. When he found himself in a greenside bunker at the 10th hole, Walker fidgeted over the shot for close to 20 seconds. Then he found a way to make a birdie without putting by holing a flipped sand wedge. That moved him to 12 under. With a new bounce in his step, Walker went to the next green and rolled in a   downhill birdie putt to extend his lead over Day to two strokes. Moments earlier, Day, whose driver was so erratic he had switched to a   off the tee, drained a   putt on No. 11 to close to a stroke back from Walker. But for the next several holes, Day’s approach shots to greens were increasingly wayward and left him with exceedingly long birdie putts that he could not convert. He did not seriously challenge Walker again until No. 18, where he rolled in a   putt for his eagle. A few minutes earlier, Walker had taken a   lead over Day, sinking an   birdie putt on No. 17. It proved to be a pivotal stroke gained. The golf on Sunday began at 7 a. m. under unfamiliar circumstances because tournament officials had made the unusual decision to continue the   third round on Sunday morning and begin the fourth at almost the same time. For several hours, it made for a confusing leaderboard, with many in the field playing their final round without knowing how the third round would end up. The wet conditions led P. G. A. officials to decide to play the tournament’s final 18 holes under the   rule, also known as “lift, clean and place. ” It was feared by some players that the rule would lead to unusually low scores, perhaps even a score of 62, which would have been a record for a major championship. But the scoring, while low, was not uncustomary for the event. The golfer with the field’s lowest total score did not think the rule had much effect on his play. He was more focused on what his victory signified. “For me, I feel like it was a matter of time,” Walker said. “It was a long time coming, and this was a long day. But I’ll take it. It all ended well. ”",0
13294,"UC Davis Lied To Us, Say College Republicans, Forcing Us to Cancel MILO Event - Breitbart","College Republicans at UC Davis have challenged a statement from UC Davis administrators claiming that the group cancelled MILO’s event voluntarily. College Republican representatives are claiming that the administration intimidated them, lied to them, and largely took the decision to cancel without them. [Speaking to Breitbart News, UC Davis College Republicans executive director, Andrew Mendoza stated that the campus group was “absolutely” intimidated by campus faculty into cancelling the event. UC Davis administrators reportedly told the College Republicans that they would be “personally liable for property damage and injury to people and even death. ”  “They basically took the decision without us and consequently forced us to take responsibility for it. ” said Andrew Mendoza speaking exclusively to Breitbart News, “We were heavily pressured by the university police to cancel the event, as we were told people’s lives could be endangered if it went ahead. ”  All responsibility was placed on the young students, “We were told that if our insurance failed it would be on us. ” said Mendoza. Of course this is not legally accurate, colleges are required to keep speaker and students safe at their expense. The responsibility for the safety of students and MILO is on the college, not the event organisers.  UC Davis is still attempting to claim that there was never a risk of violence at the event and that protesters acted peacefully, despite video evidence that directly proves otherwise. “The police have been excellent, the students are being completely peaceful and respectful, and they are standing up for the rights of the community,” said a UC Davis college counsellor as protesters outside reportedly smashed windows and threw barricades at police. “UCD is denying that there were hammers there. ” said Kurtie Kellner, a communications director for the Davis College Republicans, “We were told by Milton Lang (Associate to the Vice Chancellor for Student Life, Campus Community and Retention Service) that there were in fact hammers at the event. ”  “Our concern was about hammers and the protesters using them on the glass to get into building when the Chief of Police suggested that they had more concerning weapons. This was the safety concern that led to our cancellation of the event. If there hasn’t been hammers, we wouldn’t have feared for  ’s safety, and we wouldn’t have felt pressured to cancel the event. ”  When asked for comment, UC Davis Associate Director Andy Fell said, “To reiterate the statement we issued last night, the DCR cancelled last night’s event on the advice of UC Davis police and officials because it was no longer possible to continue the event safely. ” Watch MILO’s full march through UC Davis to protest the cancellation of the event here.",0
13295,Fast food 'combo meals' tied to kids' over-consumption of high-calorie drinks,"Fast food 'combo meals' tied to kids' over-consumption of high-calorie drinks 
Saturday, October 29, 2016 by: Isabelle Z. Tags: fast food , obesity , children (NaturalNews) Fast food chains know how to squeeze every last dollar out of their customers. From decorating their establishments with appetite-stimulating colors, to pricing their meals to encourage people to get bigger sizes, their every move is perfectly calculated to maximize profits. Unfortunately, these practices are hurting a lot more than just your wallet – they are also affecting the health of your children.A study led by researchers from the NYU Langone Medical Center found that children who ate at any of five fast food chains consumed an average of 179 more calories when their meals came with soda, juice, sweetened tea or flavored milk, when compared to those who drank unsweetened beverages with their meals.The researchers also discovered that the children consumed an average of 82 more drink calories when the drinks were part of bundled meals than when the drinks were bought separately. Moreover, parents who bought a combo meal were 24 percent more likely to buy a high-calorie drink sweetened with sugar.The study looked at almost 500 children aged 18 and younger who ate food from McDonald's, KFC, Burger King, Subway or Wendy's in New York and New Jersey between January 2013 and June 2014. Seventy-four percent of the combo meals purchased were kids' meals. Half of the drinks were sodas , and 38 percent of them were juice, with flavored milk making up 5 percent. A further 5 percent was made up of lemonade, sweetened tea and hot chocolate. Non-sugary drinks proved to be quite unpopular, with regular milk accounting for just 2 percent and water a measly 1 percent.Dr. Brian Elbel of NYU Langone, the study's senior investigator, said: ""Our study strongly suggests that uncoupling sugary drinks from combo meal deals might reduce high-calorie beverage consumption and help to curb childhood obesity rates fueled by these kinds of liquid calories."" Parents need to take responsibility Combo meals tend to appeal to big families, which can find their bills quickly adding up at fast food restaurants. Well-meaning parents who might not normally allow their children to drink sugary beverages sometimes find themselves giving in when the drink is included.Although the practice on the part of fast food chains of bundling unhealthy foods together to create perceived value encourage unhealthy habits, it is ultimately up to the parents to decide which meals to buy for their children. Parents have the final say, and just because that super-sized Coke comes with your child's meal does not mean that you should let them drink it. Fast track to diabetes Fast food meals are already high in calories, which means that the last thing you should be doing is pairing them with high-calorie beverages. Research published in the journal Diabetes Care showed that drinking even just one sugary beverage each day raised a person's risk of developing type 2 diabetes by as much as 25 percent. It also upped the risk of developing metabolic syndrome by 20 percent.With around 17 percent of our nation's youth believed to be obese, there is an urgent need for poor eating habits to be curbed. Until people start giving up the convenience of the local drive-through and start making a concerted effort to feed their children clean food , the situation is only likely to get worse, and more and more children will end up obese or diabetic.So, the next time you're thinking of ordering that combo meal, keep in mind that any money that you might save on a meal deal is likely to end up costing far more in medical bills down the road. Sources include:",0
13296,State Duma applauds to Trump's victory,"State Duma applauds to Trump's victory 09.11.2016 | Source: Russian MPs applauded to the news about Donald Trump's   . ""Dear friends, dear colleagues, three minutes ago Hillary Clinton acknowledged her defeat in the US presidential election of the United States, and a second before, Trump began his speech as president-elect of the United States of America, and I congratulate you all on that,"" RIA Novosti quoted MP Vyacheslav Nikonov as saying. In response, members of the State Duma began to applaud. Trump received 274 electoral votes after a victory in Pennsylvania. 270 votes were required to win. Pravda.Ru Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru",0
13297,Addiction Specialists Ponder a Potential Aid: Pot - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   Nine days after Nikolas Michaud’s latest heroin relapse, the skinny    sat on a roof deck at a new drug rehabilitation clinic here. He picked up a bong, filled it with a pinch of marijuana, lit the leaves and inhaled. All this took place in plain view of the clinic’s director. “The rules here are a little lax,” Mr. Michaud said. In almost any other rehab setting in the country, smoking pot would be a major infraction and a likely cause for being booted out. But here at High Sobriety  —   the clinic with a name that sounds like the title of a Cheech and Chong comeback movie  —   it is not just permitted, but part of the treatment. The new clinic is experimenting with a concept made possible by the growing legalization of marijuana: that pot, rather than being a gateway into drugs, could be a gateway out. A small but growing number of pain doctors and addiction specialists are overseeing the use of marijuana as a substitute for more potent and dangerous drugs. Dr. Mark Wallace, chairman of the division of pain medicine in the department of anesthesia at the University of California, San Diego, said over the last five years he has used marijuana to help several hundred patients transition off opiates. “The majority of patients continue to use it,” he said of marijuana. But he added that they tell him of the opiates: “I feel like I was a slave to that drug. I feel like I have my life back. ” Dr. Wallace is quick to note that his evidence is anecdotal and more study is needed. Research in rats, he said, supports the idea that the use of cannabinoids can induce withdrawal from heavier substances. But in humans? A report published in  January from the National Academy of Sciences on the health effects of cannabis “found no evidence to support or refute the conclusion that cannabinoids are an effective treatment for achieving abstinence in the use of addictive substances,” said Dr. Marie McCormick, a Harvard professor who was the chairwoman of the report committee. The group’s research did find strong evidence to support that cannabis or related compounds can be used to treat chronic pain in adults. But that is different from using it safely and effectively to wean people off drugs, and some experts in the addiction field are highly skeptical. “The concept on its face is absurd,” said Dr. Mark Willenbring, a psychiatrist who treats addicts and formerly oversaw research at the National Institute for Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism. He said that alternative approaches are needed to traditional drug treatment, but not this. “I’m not prone to making exaggerated or unqualified statements and in this case I don’t need to make any: It doesn’t work,” he said. “Like trying to cure alcoholism with Valium. ” The idea stems not only from the legalization of marijuana in several states, including California, but also from a broader reckoning taking place in the traditional addiction treatment business:   treatment often fails, costing families, the government or insurers tens of thousands of dollars per therapy. Many patients quit partway through treatment, or relapse time and again. These failings have become more apparent owing to a handful of developments: a growing death toll from opiates and an increase in the death rate of young white adults caused by drug overdoses. There also is a growing conversation about whether some update is needed to the bedrock   program: It demands total abstinence but many people fail and ultimately die. Some research suggests that marijuana might help stem the tide. A study published in 2014 in JAMA Internal Medicine found that states with medical marijuana laws have lower rates of death from opiate overdose. Another paper, published this year in The International Journal of Drug Policy, found that 30 percent of the 271 respondents reported that they used marijuana as a substitute for opiates. (But the researchers noted that the sample could be unrepresentative and that it was not known if marijuana provided a partial or total substitute for other drugs, and how much other drug use was displaced.) More concrete and direct evidence has been hard to gather given that marijuana is still seen as a   Schedule 1 drug by the federal government, which severely limits availability of funding for studies on humans. Amanda Reiman, a   expert and lecturer at the University of California, Berkeley, called the lack of such studies “a huge barrier. ” She said that the dearth of evidence argues not just for further study, but for pushing ahead with clinics like High Sobriety. Her main point is that opiates and other addictive drugs kill people so why not make every effort to find a better way. “There’s no scientific reason to believe that somebody is better off being completely miserable and sober than using cannabis occasionally, or even fairly regularly, as an adult and being functional and happy and productive,” said Dr. Reiman, an unpaid consultant with High Sobriety, who added, “Using cannabis is a relatively safe practice. ” The   and main investor in High Sobriety, Michael Welch, is a recovering heroin addict who was helped by a traditional,   program. He also   and operates several    rehabilitation clinics that have a total of 100 beds. (Charges range from $25, 000 to $80, 000 a month for a private room). “Every single treatment center knows it, and we know it,’’ Mr. Welch said. “Some of us have had the same clients, five, 10, 15 times over. We say: ‘We just can’t reach Billy, we just can’t reach Joe. ’” Why not, he said, try marijuana to help take the edge off for clients who “can’t face the emotional threshold” of abstinence. “People are dying,” he said. His   Joe Schrank, argued that marijuana will not kill patients as opiates do. But it does help clients sleep, relax and develop an appetite. The drug, he said, gives addicts some sense of emotional control. High Sobriety’s first inpatient was Mr. Michaud, who shared his story in February and it seems tailor made to test their hypothesis. A military brat who moved around, he said he felt traumatized when his homosexuality surfaced as a child and he was told in places like Kansas and South Carolina that he wasn’t gay but suffering from various mental disorders.   led to   until his life, he said, was a cocktail party of morphine, heroin and pills. His mother, Kristen Michaud, said that over the years she sent him to half a dozen programs, several of them more than once, and spent more than $300, 000. But so far he has stayed the course at High Sobriety, which Mr. Schrank attributed to the availability of marijuana. “If this kid doesn’t get cannabis, he’s a goner,” said Mr. Schrank, himself a recovering addict who previously founded and ran a clinic in Brooklyn. “If it wasn’t for cannabis, he’d have bolted in the middle of the night. ”",0
13298,"Roy Moore, U.S. Presidential Race, ‘Deepwater Horizon’: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. New polls showed a   bounce for Hillary Clinton. With just 37 more days before Election Day, she campaigned in Coral Springs, Fla. above. Democrats have benefited from a Supreme Court ruling two years ago that loosened rules on campaign donations, but large numbers of immigrants who have applied for citizenship are caught in a backlog and will not be registered in time to vote. Mrs. Clinton’s team is also preparing for the likelihood that Mr. Trump will begin  his   focus on Bill Clinton’s infidelities. _____ 2. An apparently sleepless Donald Trump produced an overnight tweetstorm, including recommending a seemingly nonexistent sex tape of the beauty queen he criticized for gaining weight. That, along with a blithe comment he made in this week’s debate about a hypothetical   hacker, set off a wave of concern over  . Above, Mr. Trump in Grand Rapids, Mich. _____ 3. The Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, shook hands with the Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas, a fitting moment of détente at the funeral of Shimon Peres. The last of the generation of leaders who helped found Israel, Peres won the admiration of leaders around the world for his tireless promotion of a   solution. _____ 4. Fears of a new global financial shock are rising over a crisis at Deutsche Bank, Germany’s largest bank, whose vast operations reach into investment houses across the world. How Germany’s government responds will test new rules in the European Union concerning banks “too big to fail. ” _____ 5.  In spite of the devastation around them, Syrian children played after an airstrike broke a water pipe in the city of Aleppo. Of the hundreds of people killed over days of aerial bombardment, more than 100 were children, a World Health Organization official said. Hundreds more have been wounded, both children and adults, and many are expected to die for lack of treatment. Behind closed doors last week, Secretary of State John Kerry expressed frustration over U. S. policy to Syrian civilians meeting with him in New York. “I lost the argument” for force,” he told them. _____ 6. Defying the U. S. Supreme Court has consequences. For Alabama’s chief justice, Roy Moore, the penalty for urging state officials to refuse to grant marriage licenses to   couples was suspension for the remainder of his term. But those who recall his prior removal  —   over his insistence on keeping a giant monument of the Ten Commandments at the state judicial building  —   don’t expect him to disappear. “The last time he was kicked off as chief justice, he ran for governor,” a former court spokesman said. “I don’t think he’s done. ” _____ 7. One of our   articles today takes on a task faced by many American cities: healing the scars of the urban renewal era. A signal casualty was New York’s soaring,   style Penn Station, above, razed 50 years ago and replaced with what our architecture critic calls “a shameful rat’s maze. ” Now, a top architect, at the behest of editors of The Times’s   page, has come up with a new hub that repurposes Madison Square Garden, below, turning its stripped skeleton into a convivial glass pavilion to remake a grim concrete and asphalt expanse. _____ 8. For the weekend: Our movie critic commends “Deepwater Horizon,” calling it “a swift and suspenseful action movie, full of noise, peril, muck and fire. ” HBO debuts “Westworld” on Sunday, depicting what our reviewer describes as “a dark Disneyland where the wealthy can wallow in incredibly lifelike Old West fantasy. ” Here’s what else is in theaters, and here are more   recommendations. And for the literary, consider our book critics’ nine selections, including “Born to Run,” by   …     oh, you know.  _____ 9. And if you have any spare time, we can help you navigate the sudden flood of lavish credit card offers. For instance, a   card beats a rewards card if you ring up under $8, 600 in card purchases. But if you travel abroad, savings on foreign transaction fees can tip the balance. _____ 10. Finally, there was a moment both sad and triumphant in the European Space Operations Center in Darmstadt, Germany. Rosetta, the first spacecraft to orbit a comet, flatlined at 7:19 a. m. Eastern Standard Time with a soft   onto the comet’s surface. The project scientist said team members mourned the craft’s demise but that “they’re still happy that we got to this stage”  —   faced with reams of data to parse. Have a great weekend.  _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
13299,Rep. Brat: Obamacare Deal the Most Free Market We Could Get It Before Losing House Votes,"Rep. Dave Brat ( ) talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Friday regarding the Freedom Caucus endorsement of the GOP’s Obamacare repeal plan, his evaluation of  President Donald Trump’s first 100 days, and the budget deal. [While discussing the details of the Republican House and White House debate about the Obamacare repeal, Brat said, “In the conference, we’ve moved the thing as far as we can move it in the free market direction without losing the votes. ”  Asked if the latest tax bill is “for show or the real thing,” Brat said, “Well, it’s both. It’s    trillion in tax deductions and possible increases in the deficit  —   in that neighborhood. That’s a whopper. So they’ve got to find that repatriation. There’s two trillion dollars overseas they can bring back to lessen the pain on the deficit side. So they’ve got to do some of that movement, too. We can’t sustain deficits that big. ” Brat also said he gives Trump “an A” for his first 100 days. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
13300,Case Study in Chaos: How Management Experts Grade a Trump White House - The New York Times,"For someone who promoted his management skills and campaigned as an “organizational genius,” as Anderson Cooper of CNN put it, it has been a rocky White House debut for Donald J. Trump, the first president to go directly from the executive suite to the Oval Office. “Chaos” seems to be the word most often invoked, closely followed by “turmoil. ” (One exception: the White House spokesman, Sean Spicer, who said he preferred “ . ”) In less than two weeks, Mr. Trump created upheaval at the nation’s borders, alienated longtime allies, roiled markets with talk of a trade war and prompted some of the largest protests any president has faced. The conservative editorial page of The Wall Street Journal bemoaned a refugee policy “so poorly explained and prepared for, that it has produced confusion and fear at airports, an immediate legal defeat, and political fury at home and abroad. ” Even the top House Republican, Speaker Paul D. Ryan, who had released a statement praising the immigration order, later distanced himself, saying, “It’s regrettable that there was some confusion with the rollout. ” All new presidents undergo a learning curve. But Mr. Trump promised a seamless transition and, with a real chief executive in charge as opposed to a career politician, an administration that would function as a   machine. So it doesn’t seem premature to ask some leading management experts for an assessment of Mr. Trump’s first weeks, purely from the viewpoint of organizational behavior and management effectiveness, as I did this week. The unanimous verdict: Thus far, the Trump administration is a textbook case of how not to run a complex organization like the executive branch. “This is so basic, it’s covered in the introduction to the M. B. A. program that all our students take,” said Lindred Greer, an assistant professor of organizational behavior at the Stanford Graduate School of Business. By all outward indications, Mr. Trump “desperately needs to take the course,” she said. Jeffrey Pfeffer, professor of organizational behavior at Stanford and the author of “Power: Why Some People Have It and Others Don’t,” said Mr. Trump’s executive actions as president “are so far from any responsible management approach” that they all but defy analysis. “Of course, this isn’t new,” he told me. “His campaign also violated every prudent management principle. Everyone including our friends on Wall Street somehow believed that once he was president he’d change. I don’t understand that logic. ” Wall Street did take notice. After months of cheering the prospect of tax reform and infrastructure spending, investors sold stocks after a weekend of chaos at the nation’s airports connected to the president’s executive order on immigration. On Monday, the Dow industrials experienced the biggest   decline since the election, fueled by worries that a dysfunctional White House wouldn’t be able to execute Mr. Trump’s policies. “If you thought immigration was bad, just wait for health care,” Mr. Pfeffer warned. The White House did not respond to requests for comment. There is an enormous amount of literature and data exploring what constitutes effective management of complicated organizations. “The core principles have served many leaders really well,” said Jeffrey T. Polzer, professor of human resource management at Harvard Business School. “It’s really common sense: You want to surround yourself with talented people who have the most expertise, who bring different perspectives to the issue at hand. Then you foster debate and invite different points of view in order to reach a   solution. ” This is often easier said than done. It “requires an openness to being challenged, and some   and even humility to acknowledge that there are areas where other people know more than you do,” Mr. Polzer continued. “This doesn’t mean decisions are made by consensus. The person at the top makes the decisions, but based on the facts and expertise necessary to make a good decision. ” Mr. Trump has already violated several of these core principles. The secretary of Homeland Security, John F. Kelly, was still discussing a proposed executive order restricting immigration when Mr. Trump went ahead and signed it. Nor was Jim Mattis, the defense secretary, consulted he saw the final order only hours before it went into effect. Not to consult thoroughly with top cabinet officers before deciding on the order “is insane,” since they “have the expertise and should be on top of the data,” Ms. Greer said. “Ignoring them leads to bad decisions and is also incredibly demoralizing. ” And there’s another reason to consult, Mr. Polzer said: “When people are genuinely involved in a decision and their input is heard and valued and respected, they are more likely to support and buy into the decision and be motivated to execute to the best of their abilities, even if the decision doesn’t go their way. ” Conversely, people who aren’t consulted feel they have no stake in a successful outcome. Far from encouraging and weighing differing views as part of the   process, Mr. Trump appears to view dissension as disloyalty. After career State Department officers circulated a draft cable questioning the effectiveness of the immigration ban, Mr. Spicer responded, “They should either get with the program or they can go. ” “Debate and dissent are essential to reaching any thoughtful outcome,” Ms. Greer said. Comments like Mr. Spicer’s “will discourage anyone from speaking up. You end up with group think, an echo chamber where people only say what they think the president wants to hear. ” And while it’s understandable that the president was eager to act swiftly to follow through on his campaign promises  —   he had made a long list of actions to be carried out on “Day 1”  —   his directives came across as needlessly hasty and poorly thought through. Some had to be reframed (talk of a Mexican border surcharge) or significantly modified and clarified after the fact (immigration policy). I asked the management experts to ignore their views about the merits of Mr. Trump’s policies, but all said that execution and substance are inextricably linked. “When you’re on the receiving end of a policy decision, the merits of the decision and the execution go hand in hand,” Mr. Polzer said. “If either one is done poorly, the outcomes will be bad. Even good plans that are poorly rolled out aren’t going to work well. ” For many people, the Affordable Care Act was indelibly tainted by the computer malfunctions that plagued its start. Similarly, for many Americans, the enduring image of Mr. Trump’s immigration policy will be that of a tearful Iraqi immigrant who was detained at Kennedy International Airport after risking his life working as a translator for the American military over a   period. (He was released after lawyers intervened on his behalf.) That prompted even Mr. Ryan to say, “No one wanted to see people with green cards or special immigrant visas, like translators, get caught up in all of this. ” Some Trump defenders have said that the president thrives on chaos, and it has proved to be an effective management approach for him in the past. But every expert I consulted said there is no empirical data or research that supports the notion that chaos is a productive management tool. “I’m not aware of anyone who advocates that,” Mr. Polzer said. “I don’t really know what’s going on in the White House, so I don’t feel comfortable commenting on that specifically. But I can say in general that in organizational settings, less chaos is a good thing. ” Everyone agreed that there was still time for Mr. Trump to right the ship. Other administrations have had course corrections and personnel  . But having to reorganize only weeks into a first term is not promising. If this were the private sector, “someone would be fired,” Ms. Greer said. That seems highly unlikely, since Mr. Trump has not even acknowledged a problem, instead blaming the media for an impression of upheaval in the White House. That is a fundamental problem, Mr. Pfeffer said. “No good business makes decisions that are based on falsehoods,” he said. “My sense is that Trump takes no one’s counsel but his own. That’s bad management, period. ”",0
13301,BUSTED: Trump Supporters Get Caught Creating Fake Badges To Intimidate Voters At Polling Places | Addicting Info | The Knowledge You Crave,"on October 27, 2016 2:53 am · 
Conservatives claim that voter ID is necessary to catch illegal voters, but it turns out they’re the only ones creating fake IDs to use on Election Day. 
Trump supporters are taking Trump’s call to monitor polling places so seriously that they are creating fake ID badges in order to infiltrate polling locations across the country and intimidate voters by interrogating them, confusing them, and filming them — all of which are illegal. 
But, Trump’s deplorables are doing this in droves with the help of a right-wing group known as “Vote Protectors.” 
The group, which is affiliated with top Trump ally Roger Stone, is giving people the ability to intimidate voters on Election Day. They are literally teaching them to create their own fake badge, which is designed to give them access to voters both inside and outside the polling places where citizens cast their votes. 
According to the Huffington Post , 
Stone’s group created an official-looking ID badge for its volunteers to wear, and its volunteers planned to videotape voters and conduct fake “exit polls,” efforts that election experts say risks intimidating and confusing voters. Or at least that’s what the group was planning to do before The Huffington Post asked Stone about it on Tuesday. The controversial Trump ally, long known for his bare-knuckled political tactics, said that key proposals on his group’s websites were there without his knowledge, and assured HuffPost that he would operate within the confines of election law. 
In fact, after HuffPo confronted Stone with evidence that these kinds of tactics were being pursued by the website, he acknowledged that Vote Protectors had a “bad idea” and “ordered them taken down.” 
Campaign Legal Center deputy director Danielle Lang called the tactics a clear voter intimidation scheme. 
“It’s inherently intimidating and an invasion of privacy,” she told HuffPo in reference to the videotaping. “When that’s being live streamed to the internet, it amplifies the potentially intimidating aspect of it, and violates a sense of security and privacy people have a right to enjoy at the polls. Objectively, intimidating voters is unlawful, no matter where you do it.” 
Indeed, but that’s exactly what Donald Trump has been calling upon his supporters to do because he has repeatedly claimed that the election is rigged against him. 
As it turns out, he’s right about the election being rigged, only it’s conservatives who are trying to rig it in favor of Trump. 
Earlier this week, a Wisconsin city clerk in Green Bay got caught trying to intentionally prevent college students from voting by arguing in an email to the Wisconsin Ethics Commission that an extra polling place should not be opened near the University of Wisconsin-Green Bay because she has merely heard that students lean Democrat. 
“I was reading the statutes and read: No site may be designated that affords an advantage to any political party,” Republican appointed clerk Kris Teske wrote. 
“UWGB is a polling location for students and residents on Election Day but I feel by asking for this to be the site for early voting is encouraging the students to vote more than benefiting the city as a whole. I have heard it said that students lean more toward the democrats and he is a democrat. I have spoken with our Chief of Staff and others at City Hall and they agree that budget wise this isn’t going to happen. I would like to know your thoughts on this. Do I have an argument about it being more of a benefit to the democrats.” 
So not only are Trump supporters trying to rig the election with voter intimidation tactics using hypocritical methods, they are using voter suppression tactics as well. 
And that is likely going to cause a lot of Election Day chaos. Voters should be prepared to stand up for their right to vote no matter what Trump’s deplorables try to do to keep them from exercising it. 
Featured Image: Drew Angerer/Getty Images Share this Article! ",0
13302,How Mike Pence and Donald Trump Compare on the Issues - The New York Times,"Mike Pence, who has served as governor of Indiana since 2013, will be Donald J. Trump’s running mate on the Republican presidential ticket. Mr. Pence, a staunch social conservative, was elected in 2000 to the House of Representatives, where he served in the party leadership. Here is a look at his stand on important issues, and how he compares with Mr. Trump. Mr. Pence is opposed to granting amnesty for people who have come to the United States without authorization. He has supported increased border security measures, strict enforcement of laws prohibiting unauthorized residents from working in the United States and a   guest worker program that would place prospective immigrants with employers who cannot find American workers to fill open jobs. Earlier this year, he sought to bar the resettlement of Syrian refugees in his state. Where they differ After Mr. Trump called for a ban on Muslim migration to the United States, Mr. Pence said on Twitter that the proposal was “offensive and unconstitutional. ” Mr. Trump also initially said that Syrian refugees should be taken in, but he quickly reversed that opinion. _____ Mr. Pence, who has supported numerous legislative efforts to ban   marriage in Indiana, was at the center of the national debate over   religious freedom laws that critics said could make it easier for businesses to refuse service to gay couples. As a congressman, Mr. Pence opposed federal funding that would support treatment for people suffering from H. I. V. and AIDS, unless the government simultaneously invested in programs to discourage people from engaging in   relationships. He also resisted changes to   laws that would have included acts against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people. And he opposed the end of “don’t ask, don’t tell,” a Clinton administration policy that allowed closeted L. G. B. T. people to serve in the military. Where they differ In the 1980s and 1990s, Mr. Trump donated to charities that worked to combat the AIDS crisis, and in 2000 he said that he supported amending the 1964 Civil Rights Act to “include a ban of discrimination based on sexual orientation. ” _____ As governor, Mr. Pence signed into law several regulations that add broad limits to women’s access to abortions. He approved a bill in March that outlawed abortions based on a fetus’s “race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, or diagnosis or potential diagnosis of the fetus having Down syndrome or any other disability. ” The bill led to backlash on social media from opponents of the regulation. Mr. Pence also called for an investigation of Planned Parenthood after footage leaked by abortion rights opponents that outraged many abortion rights advocates. The videos turned out to have been altered by the people who released them and the videographers were later indicted on a charge of tampering with a government record. Where they differ Mr. Trump supported abortion rights until 2011. Earlier this year, he said that abortion should be banned and then said that women violating the ban should face “some sort of punishment. ” He recanted within hours, after he was criticized  —   even by some conservatives  —   and said that doctors who perform abortions should be held legally responsible women, he said, were the victims. _____ Mr. Pence’s foreign policy views mesh well with Mr. Trump’s “America First” framework, which is built around the idea of a robust American military. The Indiana governor called for big increases in military spending during a speech in 2015 and he has criticized Democrats who do not use the phrase “Islamic extremism” when discussing jihadists. As a member of Congress, where he was on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. Pence was a strong supporter of Israel and a proponent of tough interrogation measures for prisoners at Guantánamo Bay. Mr. Pence voted to authorize military action in Iraq in 2002 and opposed proposals to set a date to withdraw troops from Iraq. Where they differ The biggest difference between the Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence when it comes to foreign policy is their respective stances on the Iraq war. Mr. Pence supported it, while Mr. Trump claims that he was against it from the beginning. _____ Mr. Pence has received an “A” rating from the National Rifle Association, which has financially supported his campaigns for the House and for governor. He supports a national right to carry a firearm in public and in 2004, as a member of the House, he voted to repeal gun control laws in Washington, D. C. He wrote on Twitter in June that he “will always be a strong proponent of the Second Amendment. ” Where they differ Mr. Trump is also very   but he has expressed openness to restricting people on terrorist watch lists from buying firearms. _____ Mr. Pence has said he supports free trade, but he has also raised concern over the enforcement of trade agreements with China. Specifically, he asked the federal government to investigate allegations that Chinese steel companies were dodging tariffs in deals with American businesses. As governor, Mr. Pence visited nations like Japan and Germany on trade missions meant to stoke Indiana’s trade relationships with international businesses. Where they differ While Mr. Pence has expressed support for the   Partnership trade deal, Mr. Trump regularly rails against it. Mr. Trump has also threatened to impose tariffs on imports from foreign countries to protect American jobs. _____ The Cato Institute, a   group, called Mr. Pence a “champion tax cutter” and lauded his “frugal” spending record. As governor, he repealed Indiana’s inheritance tax and lowered taxes on corporate income and business property. In 2010, Mr. Pence proposed a bill in the House that would have instituted a limit on federal spending, but the idea did not have enough support to pass. Where they differ Mr. Trump has promised big tax cuts, but he does want to close some loopholes, such as the one on carried interest, that benefit the rich. _____ In 2015, Governor Pence threatened to disobey the Obama administration’s orders to lower carbon emissions unless the regulations underwent extensive changes. Mr. Pence said the regulations would “raise electricity costs on Hoosiers, result in less reliable electricity and impede economic growth and prosperity in Indiana and the rest of the country. ” He said the Clean Power Plan was “ill conceived and poorly constructed,” and he accused the Environmental Protection Agency of going beyond its legal authority in enacting the rules under the plan. Under Governor Pence, Indiana joined several other states that have tried to block the Clean Power Plan in court. Where they differ Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence are largely in agreement on energy and the environment. Mr. Trump is also against regulations to limit carbon emissions. Like Mr. Pence, he has doubts about the reality of climate change. And he has expressed concern about the dangers that windmills pose to birds. _____ Mr. Pence was one of only 25 Republican congressmen who voted against President George W. Bush’s No Child Left Behind policy. As governor, he challenged conservative Republicans in the State Senate to support legislation to establish a preschool program that would primarily serve children in poor families. He vocally supported school choice and setting learning standards at the local level, and pushed to direct state support toward technical and vocational education programs. Where they differ Mr. Trump has said little about his education plans other than that he is against Common Core and that “education has to be at a local level. ”",0
13304,The Ruthlessly Effective Rebranding of Europe’s New Far Right,"The Ruthlessly Effective Rebranding of Europe’s New Far Right Sasha Polakow-Suransky, Guardian, November 1, 2016 
In April 2002, Jean-Marie Le Pen stunned all of Europe by defeating the socialist candidate, Lionel Jospin, in the first round of the French presidential election, and advancing to the final round between the top two candidates. Terrified by the prospect of a far-right victory, the French left–including communists, Greens and the Socialist party–threw their support behind the incumbent president, Jacques Chirac , a pillar of the centre-right establishment who had served as mayor of Paris for 18 years before becoming president in 1995. This electoral strategy effectively isolated Le Pen’s Front National (FN), depicting it as a cancerous force in the French body politic. 
Two weeks later, on 5 May, Chirac won the election with an astronomical 82% of the vote, trouncing Le Pen by the biggest margin in a French presidential election since 1848. Raucous celebrations spilled into the streets of Paris. “We have gone through a time of serious anxiety for the country–but tonight France has reaffirmed its attachment to the values of the republic,” Chirac declared in his victory speech . Then, speaking to the joyous crowds in the Place de la République, he lauded them for rejecting “intolerance and demagoguery”. 
But May 2002 was not, in fact, a moment of triumph. Rather it was the dying gasp of an old order, in which the fate of European nations was controlled by large establishment parties. 
Jean-Marie Le Pen was an easy target for the left, and for establishment figures such as Chirac. He was a political provocateur who appealed as much to antisemites and homophobes as to voters upset about immigration, drawing his support largely from the most reactionary elements of the old Catholic right. In other words, he was a familiar villain–and his ideology represented an archaic France, a defeated past. Moreover, he did not seriously aim for power, and never really came close to acquiring it; his role was to be a rabble-rouser and to inject his ideas into the national debate. 
Europe’s new far right is different. From Denmark to the Netherlands to Germany, a new wave of rightwing parties has emerged over the past decade-and-a-half, and they are casting a much wider net than Jean-Marie Le Pen ever attempted to. And by deftly appealing to fear, nostalgia and resentment of elites, they are rapidly broadening their base. 
Le Pen’s own daughter is a prime example of the new ambitions of the right: unlike her incendiary father, Marine Le Pen is running a disciplined political operation and has already proven that her party can win upwards of 40% of the vote in regions from Calais in the north to the Côte d’Azur in the south. She and her Danish and Dutch counterparts are not–as some on the left would like to believe–neo-Nazis or inconsequential extremists with fringe ideas lacking popular appeal. 
These parties have built a coherent ideology and steadily chipped away at the establishment parties’ hold on power by pursuing a new and devastatingly effective electoral strategy. They have made a very public break with the symbols of the old right’s past, distancing themselves from skinheads, neo-Nazis and homophobes. They have also deftly co-opted the causes, policies and rhetoric of their opponents. They have sought to outflank the left when it comes to defending a strong welfare state and protecting social benefits that they claim are threatened by an influx of freeloading migrants. 
They have effectively claimed the progressive causes of the left–from gay rights to women’s equality and protecting Jews from antisemitism–as their own, by depicting Muslim immigrants as the primary threat to all three groups. As fear of Islam has spread, with their encouragement, they have presented themselves as the only true defenders of western identity and western liberties–the last bulwark protecting a besieged Judeo-Christian civilisation from the barbarians at the gates. 
These parties have steadily filled an electoral vacuum left open by social democratic and centre-right parties, who ignored voters’ growing anger over immigration–some of it legitimate, some of it bigoted–or simply waited too long to address it. 
They have shed some of the right’s most unsavoury baggage while responding to both economic anxiety and fear of terrorism by blending a nativist economic policy–more welfare, but only for us –and tough anti-immigration and border security measures. Their message is beginning to resonate widely with a fearful population that believes the liberal governing elite no longer listens to them. 
Brexit was just the start. Europe’s new far right is poised to transform the continent’s political landscape–either by winning elections or simply by pulling a besieged political centre so far in its direction that its ideas become the new normal. And when that happens, groups that would never have contemplated voting for a far-right party 10 years ago–the young, gay people, Jews, feminists–may join the working-class voters who have already abandoned parties of the left to become the new backbone of the populist right. 
On 6 May 2002, one day after revellers filled the streets of Paris to celebrate Chirac’s historic victory, the flamboyant and iconoclastic leader of the Dutch far right, Pim Fortuyn, was gunned down by a radical animal rights activist as he emerged from a radio interview. His assassin later claimed that he had killed Fortuyn to stop him from using Muslims as “scapegoats”. In national elections nine days later, Fortuyn’s eponymous party–the Pim Fortuyn List– became the second largest in the Netherlands with 17% of the vote. 
Fortuyn, a former communist and openly gay man who boasted of sleeping with Muslim immigrants while calling for a ban on Muslim immigration, was an electrifying figure in a country known for its staid politics. His time in the limelight was short but transformative. 
It was Fortuyn who blazed the trail for the new generation of far-right leaders across Europe. He may not have intended to be a pioneer, but his brand of plain-spoken political incorrectness and his depiction of Islamic culture as a “backwards” and reactionary threat to the hard-won progressive values of western Europe would provide a potent template for a modernised far right. His ideological inheritors in Dutch politics, as well as the revamped Front National in France, the Danish People’s Party and Germany’s Alternative für Deutschland have all emulated Fortuyn in their own ways. 
Fortuyn proved that the winning argument for the European far right was not a US-style appeal to conservative religious values, but rather to claim it was “defending secular, progressive culture from the threat of immigration,” argues Merijn Oudenampsen of Tilburg University. The Netherlands was a perfect laboratory for this new strategy because, unlike France, it did not have a strong contingent of religious traditionalists opposed to women’s liberation and gay rights. 
Before founding his own party in 2002, Fortuyn had tried to join an establishment centre-right party, the People’s Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD), in the late 1990s. The party’s then-leader, Frits Bolkestein, who had been one of the first figures to speak critically about immigration in the early 1990s, remembers Fortuyn as a talented but inflammatory politician. “He had a thoroughly theatrical personality, and that played in his favour,” said Bolkestein, now in his 80s, from his office overlooking the canals of Amsterdam. “I didn’t want him to be in my parliamentary group, so I cold-shouldered him . . . He would have acted as a fragmentation bomb.” 
Fortuyn took his explosive rhetoric elsewhere and, by creating a new type of far-right politics in progressive garb–“a form of xenophobia ideally suited to a nation that prides itself on its tolerance,” as a New Yorker profile once described it–he redirected the entire national debate in a way that has endured long after his death. 
Two years after Fortuyn was killed, the Netherlands was traumatised by another political assassination. Early one morning in November 2004, the filmmaker Theo van Gogh was murdered by a young Dutch-Moroccan, Mohammed Bouyeri, who shot van Gogh eight times, slashed his throat and then pinned a letter to his chest with a knife. The letter was a death threat aimed at the Somali-born Dutch parliamentarian Ayaan Hirsi Ali –a vocal critic of Islam who was soon placed under the protection of the Dutch security services. 
The two assassinations shook the Netherlands to its core and catapulted a little-known and theatrically coiffed politician, Geert Wilders , to popularity as an ideological successor to Fortuyn. Wilders had also flirted with Bolkestein’s VVD, beginning his political career as a staffer in the party office. In late 2004, he split off and formed his own. With Hirsi Ali in hiding, he quickly became the most prominent anti-immigration voice in the country–and has remained so ever since. 
For those who cared to look, the political ground had already begun to shift. Six months before Chirac’s trouncing of Le Pen and Fortuyn’s assassination, Denmark had an election. On its surface the result was not a historical watershed; the centre-right Venstre party ousted the Social Democrats, handing power from one establishment party to the other. What had changed was that the Danish People’s Party, which had campaigned on an overtly anti-immigrant platform, took 12% of the vote–transforming it into a kingmaker in parliament. 
Unlike France, which revelled in its triumph over the FN, or the Netherlands, where the remains of Fortuyn’s party failed to become a real parliamentary force, the DPP immediately became a serious player with real influence over policy. And it was not only taking votes from the right; it was also attracting disgruntled social democratic voters who felt that their leaders had abandoned them. 
The DPP had crafted a social and economic policy that was in many ways more socialist than that of the Social Democrats–promising better health care, better care for the elderly, and more subsidised housing. As the outgoing Social Democratic prime minister Poul Nyrup Rasmussen told me in 2002, a few months after his defeat: “They took a part of our rhetoric and tried to sell it as a new package to the people, and with some success, one may say.” Back then, Naser Khader, a Danish member of parliament who immigrated from Syria as a child, argued that “the best way to weaken the DPP is to give them influence”. He was wrong. 
The headquarters of the Front National sits on a quiet street in the unassuming Paris suburb of Nanterre, near a car repair shop and a Portuguese restaurant. Only when you approach the grey building with its mostly closed blue shutters do the armed guards come into view. In her modest second-floor office, surrounded by books and a cloud of vape smoke, Marine Le Pen explained earlier this year how she transformed a party previously known for calling the Holocaust a “ detail of history ” into a genuine contender for the presidency. 
“Voluntarily or not, he gave ammunition to our adversaries,” Le Pen said of her father. But she insisted that she has now cleaned house. “I fired them all . . . all those people who expressed an ideology or held views that I found unacceptable.” 
Julien Rochedy, a 28-year-old who headed the FN’s youth wing but has since left the party, told me that he believes the changes are real. Whereas the party’s former leader used to pepper his speeches with lines that made Jews’ hair stand on end, today, if someone tells a racist joke within the party, “you will be attacked straight away,” Rochedy said. “There is such self-discipline these days. They are so afraid they’ll be accused once again of being antisemitic or racist.” 
Still, the party’s detractors continue to level the same charges at the FN, which outrages Marine Le Pen . “Today our adversaries no longer have that ammunition, and they repeat on loop” old tropes about fascists and racists. “At a certain point this argument loses its force,” she continued, “because voters see clearly that there’s absolutely nothing in our platform that remotely resembles fascism or racism.” 
Le Pen has done more than kick out the most blatant racists and antisemites. She has consciously crafted a campaign designed to appeal to voters of the centre and left–and other constituencies–who could never have imagined voting for her father’s Front National. 
As Le Monde’s Olivier Faye has written , she is “trying to erase another image that has stuck to the skin of the FN–that of homophobia”. And it is working: a survey showed that her share of the vote among married gay couples in the 2015 regional elections was over 32%–up from just 19% in a similar poll from 2012. 
As Le Pen has filled her inner circle with more and more openly gay advisers and party leaders, she has also made her pitch to Jewish voters more explicit: “For a lot of French Jews, the FN appears to be the only movement that can defend them from this new antisemitism nourished in the banlieues ,” Le Pen told me. “In a very natural way they have turned toward the FN, because the FN is capable, I think, of protecting them from that.” 
Among French voters threatened by the country’s new diversity, rejection of a multicultural society increasingly takes the form of longing for a bygone era. And peddling nostalgia is the centrepiece of many new far-right parties across Europe . In France, Marine Le Pen has promised a return to a time when the French had their own currency and monetary policy, when there were fewer mosques and less halal meat, when no one complained about nativity scenes in public buildings, and when French schools promoted a republican ethos of assimilation. 
“A growing number of French people feel uncomfortable in their own country,” the prominent philosopher, Alain Finkielkraut , declared in January during a debate with the centre-right presidential candidate Alain Juppé–who has taken a less strident line on Islam and migration than his rival Nicolas Sarkozy. Finkielkraut depicted contemporary France as a country of halal butchers and tea shops filled only with men, pleading that “the public good isn’t in the clouds, it’s made from tangible things–the French of Proust and Montaigne . . . the Jardin du Luxembourg and the cows of Normandy”. 
Finkielkraut, a 67-year-old Jewish liberal, is not an admirer of the Front National, but Marine Le Pen’s deliberate appeals to Jews and gay people have given political expression to an argument that he first made more than a decade ago–that the left, with its indulgence of Islam, poses a greater threat to France than the far right. After Chirac “saved” the republic from Jean-Marie Le Pen in 2002, Finkielkraut watched the celebrations in the streets and warned that the victors were the real danger: “The future of hate is in their camp and not in the camp of those nostalgic for Vichy,” he wrote, “ . . . in the camp of the multicultural society and not that of the ethnic nation–in the camp of respect, not that of rejection.” 
Fourteen years later, after the terrorist attacks on Charlie Hebdo, the Bataclan and Nice, Finkielkraut is even more certain he was correct. “Anti-racism today frequently serves as a pretext for not seeing the true danger that threatens us,” he told me when we met in his Paris apartment this summer. While he is still no fan of the FN, he believes it has changed and argues that it “should be resisted, but for what it is today and not what it was in the past, and not in the name of anti-fascism”. The French must, he insisted, “avoid simplistic analogies with the 1930s. We must not mistake what era we live in. Europe doesn’t only have demons; it also has enemies, and it needs to know how to fight those enemies.” 
He worries that integration has been such a failure that France will have to “reconquer” its “lost territories”–by which he means the suburbs surrounding Paris. “Integrating people is not telling them ‘You are how you are and we are how we are’ . . . Integration means making them an integral part of our civilisation.” And if that doesn’t happen, he warned darkly, “at best we’ll have secession and at worst civil war”. Continued immigration from Muslim countries, he argues, is nothing less than the “planned demise of Europe”. 
Across the country, nostalgia for an older, whiter France has become a potent political force. In the southern city of Béziers, Mayor Robert Ménard, a former Trotskyist who cofounded the press freedom group Reporters Without Borders , is seeking to place a moratorium on the opening of kebab shops and has renamed a street after one of the French officers who joined a failed coup against De Gaulle in 1961 to prevent Algerian independence . Ménard comes from a family of pieds-noirs , French settlers in Algeria. He regards the Evian accords that ended the Algerian war as a “capitulation”, and those who tried to preserve French Algeria as heroes. 
This nostalgia has an unmistakable appeal, but not necessarily for the sort of voters one might expect. Whereas young Britons overwhelmingly voted to remain in the EU and the elderly voted to leave, in France it is the opposite. According to Julian Rochedy, the former FN youth leader, appeals to nostalgia work better with the young in France–who dream of an era they never witnessed–than with the old, who lived through the era Marine Le Pen promises to restore. It is older voters, Rochedy argues, who are the greatest obstacle to Le Pen’s victory. “They are afraid of leaving the euro,” he says. “They are afraid of huge changes.” Rochedy is convinced that the FN will never win simply by fetishising the past. “They just want to go back 30 years,” he said of his erstwhile colleagues. “It’s a discourse that doesn’t at all take into account the world as it is and what France has become.” 
Even if Le Pen cannot win over enough older voters for her to become president, there is one ageing constituency that has already moved significantly to the right–the former members of what used to be the largest communist party in western Europe. 
As the French Communist party collapsed, its supporters were left rudderless. According to Andrew Hussey, a Liverpool-born academic who teaches in Paris, the technocratic leaders of the Socialist party– many of them graduates of the ultra-elite Ecole Nationale d’Administration–“are so disconnected from ordinary people” that even former Marxists won’t consider voting for them. Distrustful of the establishment and searching for a state that protects them, many have turned to the FN. “I think you’ve got a big political question here about who looks after you,” Hussey said. “This is a very communist way of thinking.” 
Le Pen knows that she is attracting these people. Many of her supporters “used to be socialists, but they aren’t any more”, she told me. Although she prefers to avoid the phrase welfare state–“That’s a socialist concept,” she insisted–Le Pen has appealed directly to this yearning for a large and nurturing state that fights for the common man and not the rich. 
“I defend fraternity–the idea that a developed country should be able to be able to provide the poorest with the minimum needed to live with dignity as a human being. The French state no longer does that,” she told me. “We’re in a world today in which you either defend the interests of the people or the interests of the banks.” And she has seen results. She points to the northern Pas-de-Calais region. “It was socialist-communist for 80 years,” she says. “I won 45%.” 
At the same time as Marine Le Pen was working to “de-demonise” the FN, the leaders of the Dutch far right successfully seized the mantle of radicalism by positioning itself as the only force that dares to challenge an out-of-touch political establishment, and the only party willing to speak out about what many voters fear: extremist Islam. 
Geert Wilders and his Party for Freedom (PVV) have surpassed the Dutch Labour party to take up a close second place in polls ahead of the March 2017 election. Last September, Wilders declared that Europe was facing an “ Islamic invasion ”–the sort of comments that landed him in court this week on charges of inciting racial hatred , which he dismisses as an attack on freedom of expression. 
The presence of “masses of young men in their 20s with beards singing ‘Allahu Akbar’ across Europe”, Wilders warned at the peak of last year’s refugee crisis, posed a dire threat to “our prosperity, our security, our culture and identity”. Across the country, grassroots groups responded to Wilders’s warning, attempting to block the resettlement of asylum seekers in their towns. Last October, Klaas Dijkhoff, the deputy minister responsible for refugee resettlement, arrived for a visit to the tiny north-eastern village of Oranje, where the Dutch government had decided to place 700 refugees. Outraged locals blocked the road leading to town, kicked Dijkhoff’s car and tore off its rearview mirrors. A few days later, near Utrecht, an asylum centre was attacked by masked men with smoke bombs and fireworks. 
In the decade following the assassinations of Fortuyn and Van Gogh, the integration of Muslim immigrants became the most divisive issue in Dutch politics. Suddenly, Turkish and Moroccan-born Dutch citizens became “Muslims”. And as the public debate over Islam and migration grew even more hostile, even the most basic forms of visible religious observance–wearing the hijab, buying halal meat, fasting during Ramadan–became politically loaded. 
The Dutch Labour MP Ahmed Marcouch, who came to the Netherlands from rural Morocco when he was 10, recounted how controversies have erupted everywhere from supermarkets to classrooms. It is a jolt to the traditionally liberal Netherlands when teenage girls tell their male teachers they can’t shake hands, or that they fast and pray while many other Dutch kids are out drinking and having sex. As Marcouch remarked, it runs against everything that Dutch youth culture promotes. 
Wilders’s PVV has capitalised on this cultural angst by using simple and deliberately brash slogans about immigration, crime, and refugees–one of his latest memes is simply “De-Islamise”–to win over voters who feel that everything familiar to them is slipping away. 
By framing its anti-migrant politics as a battle against imperious elites and political correctness, the PVV has been able to capitalise on a panoply of grievances, from anger over asylum seekers to Euroscepticism. Meanwhile, many causes of the radical left–including anti-racism and anti-colonialism–have now become establishment thinking in the Netherlands. “Idealism has been bureaucratised,” argues the journalist Bas Heijne, who writes a column in the liberal daily newspaper NRC Handelsblad. “And when the establishment enforces universalism, you react against it.” That’s why there is such a strong anti-PC tone to the Dutch right: do not tell us what to say, what to celebrate and who we must live next to. 
Just as Marine Le Pen’s FN has become a huge presence on social media in France, the right is in the midst of colonising the Dutch media. Geen Stijl (“No Style”), a popular Breitbart-style news site featuring abrasive articles and videos, encourages its best and angriest commenters to visit mainstream news sites and go on the attack. “It is massively important,” says Tilburg University’s Merijn Oudenampsen, “like a social movement”. The site began as a blog dedicated to those who felt politically homeless after Fortuyn’s murder, and has since become a ubiquitous presence in Dutch public debate, with an army of “reactors” on Twitter. According to Oudenampsen, some politicians have told him that Geen Stijl is the first site they check in the morning. 
The right’s newfound media clout has also helped shape what the journalist Kustaw Bessems, from the leftwing Volkskrant newspaper, sees as a new, inverted, form of political correctness. In the old days, he says, there were taboos enforced by the left: badmouth immigrants and “you were immediately called a racist and extreme right and basically pressured to shut up”. Now, it’s the other way around. “As soon as you say anything other than ‘immigration is a problem’ or ‘Islam is the cause of terrorism’ . . . the thought police immediately jump on your neck to correct you.” 
A Dutch government official who focuses on security issues complained that even as the integration of Muslim immigrants and the threat of radical Islam had become the most heated and polarising issues in the Netherlands, almost none of the feverish public debate was informed by knowledge of Islamism or terrorism. While politicians fan the flames of fear, the official said, “the economists look for the economic roots of the problem, sociologists look for social causes and the anthropologists try to explain jihadi culture–but none of them have any idea about theology”. Even scholars of radicalisation tend to study today’s extremists through the historical lens of the European radical left–which does little to explain what leads a small number of young Muslim men such as Van Gogh’s killer, Mohamed Bouyeri, to devote themselves to the cause of jihad. “It’s easy to be a Marxist,” the security official quipped. “It’s fucking hard to be a salafi.” 
As the perception that the state is helpless to prevent the radicalisation of Muslim teenagers deepens and the fear of terrorism increases, so does the share of voters who are newly receptive to the far right’s tirades about “Islamisation”. These days it is not only anti-migration activists pushing back against the bureaucratised consensus. There are also many disappointed progressives–the people who saw the cultural victories of the 1960s and 1970s as major battles that had long since been won, making sexual freedom, feminism and gay rights an unquestioned part of Dutch society. Suddenly those old victories seem tenuous. “There is a sense that, ‘We are welcoming and then they do this,’ says Bas Heijne. “They have been terribly let down in their good intentions.” And in such an environment, traditionally leftist constituencies such as gay people and Jews feel threatened–and some have become reflexively suspicious of Muslims. 
The stereotype that observant Muslims hate gay men and lesbians has become so entrenched in the Netherlands that neither side can fathom evidence to the contrary. When the Moroccan-born Labour MP Ahmed Marcouch first joined in Amsterdam’s legendary gay pride parade , he was, as he puts it, the “first hetero-active Muslim” to participate. The gay community feared violence from extremists; conservative Muslims were baffled and angry. Both groups concluded, “Oh, maybe Marcouch is homosexual too,” he says with a laugh. Neither group could imagine a straight Muslim doing what he did. 
But public displays of solidarity such as Marcouch’s are rare. Among openly gay couples and religious Jews alike, there is a palpable fear of being targeted by homophobic or antisemitic young Muslim men. Much as in France, this fraught atmosphere has made far-right parties seem a palatable option for groups who would never previously have considered voting for them. 
In Amsterdam earlier this year, I had several meetings with a staunch Jewish supporter of Wilders’s PVV, who insisted on remaining anonymous. He described his own backing for the far right in terms that echoed Alain Finkielkraut. “It’s an outdated reflex for Jews to always say the problem is the extreme right,” he told me. “We have new enemies and we need new ideas.” 
The experience of his own family during the second world war has convinced him that Europe’s capacity for murderous violence is always lurking beneath the surface. “Anne Frank wasn’t betrayed by the Germans,” he argued. “But by Dutch people. Regular Dutch.” Jews need to find new allies in a new war, he argues, because they will never be safe. “The trains for the Jews will always come,” he added, ominously. “I’d rather be wrong than be too calm and end up on the trains.” 
He is not unsympathetic to the plight of European Muslims, and told me that he even sees parallels with the persecution his own family faced. “If I were a Muslim in Europe at this moment I’d be very uneasy,” he admitted. “If Europeans regain their manhood, it could be bad. It’s the history of Europe to treat foreigners terribly. We Jews know that.” 
For that reason, he argues, Muslims should regard Wilders as a lesser evil. “Every Muslim should be happy Geert Wilders exists. If someone else channelled these hateful feelings it would be much worse,” he told me menacingly. “Wilders is civil. He is a democrat. He is not the new Hitler.” 
To Frits Bolkestein, who led the Netherlands’ centre-right VVD in the 1990s–and was briefly Wilders’ boss when he was a young aide in the party office–the rise of the far right is as much about class as it is about Islam. The Dutch Labour party, he argues, gave up on its working-class base: “They made a major mistake,” he says of his old rivals, with a tinge of satisfaction. Faced with “the choice between the foreign-born and the labour classes, they chose the foreign-born … and they’ve paid for it dearly”. Current polls project that the party will drop from the 36 seats it now holds (out of 150) to just 10. 
Marcouch concedes that, like the old leftists in France, many former Labour voters now back Wilders. Moreover, he says, they still live in the very neighbourhoods that families such as his own moved into in the 1980s, as many white Dutch families were moving out. “Their message to the Labour party,” he said, “is: ‘You ignored us. You let it happen.’” 
The Danish People’s Party has been seeking out such voters for years, and they have masterfully leveraged anti-immigrant sentiment to siphon away the Social Democrats’ traditional base–people who fear that the “bread will be buttered more thinly”, as the Danish journalist Lars Trier Mogensen puts it. 
The DPP has effectively combined anti-immigrant rhetoric with a strong pro-welfare message that stresses quality health benefits and good care for the elderly. Søren Espersen, the DPP’s deputy leader, doesn’t think that former Social Democrats will ever go back. “When one of those takes the step to vote for us, it is a very, very huge step he is taking,” he says of voters who supported the Social Democrats all their lives. “And why should he go back? I mean, to come over this first hurdle of voting for us, then he’s done it.” 
The Social Democrats first began to lose their dominance in and around the major cities in the 1990s, with many of their votes going to the DPP. One of those places is the small satellite town of Herlev, about 10 miles west of Copenhagen. The 41-year-old Social Democratic mayor, Thomas Gyldal Petersen, has lived there all his life, and he is adamant that controlling immigration numbers is the only way to reverse his party’s political misfortunes. 
For Gyldal Petersen, the key to successful integration is a demographic balance. As soon as a school or housing estate becomes majority immigrant–or majority unemployed–he says, problems start to arise. He blames his own party’s leaders: “Mayors in the 80s, they were warning, something is going wrong, you have to change.” But the party leadership “shut their eyes”, he says. 
Then came the Muhammad cartoons . In 2005, the editors at Jyllands-Posten, Denmark’s largest newspaper, invited a group of well-known cartoonists to draw the prophet. The initial response was underwhelming, but within a few months–through a combination of diplomatic pressure, a dismissive response from the Danish government, and a concerted campaign by local imams–the cartoons became a full-blown crisis, with boycotts of Danish products and violent protests occurring throughout the Middle East. Danes who had never contemplated voting for the DPP now saw their embassies on fire and death threats against some of their best-known journalists. Suddenly, the DPP’s platform was making sense. They had warned that Muslims were extremists in waiting, and now those warnings seemed to come true. Politicians such as Naser Khader, who once warned that giving the DPP influence would weaken them, found themselves moving steadily to the right of the political spectrum. When Khader founded a new organisation called “Democratic Muslims” in the wake of the cartoon controversy, he received death threats. 
Those at the top of the Social Democrats are now taking a tough stance, too. Earlier this year the party leader, Mette Frederiksen, went to Stockholm to meet with fellow Scandinavian social democrats. There she gave a speech that rattled her colleagues. “We social democrats must accept that there is a clash,” she declared. “It is a very strong part of our identity that we help when people need help . . . but just as strong is our value that we must have a well-functioning welfare state.” Frederiksen continued: “My position is that a universally funded Scandinavian welfare state with free and equal access to healthcare, education and social subsidies is not compatible with an open immigration policy.” 
But in its zeal to get tough on migration, Denmark has damaged its international reputation as a bastion of progressivism–the sort of place that Bernie Sanders liked to mention at campaign rallies. In January, just three months after the refugee crisis peaked, Denmark passed what became known as the “ jewellery law ”, which stipulated that any refugees carrying valuables worth more than 10,000 kroner (£1,200) would have them confiscated to fund the cost of accommodating asylum-seekers. Editorial pages and columnists across the world lined up to condemn the law. According to Kenneth Kristensen Berth, a babyfaced MP for the DPP, it was about deterrence. “The goal was, of course, that we should try to tell people that they should not seek asylum in Denmark,” he said. The jewellery provision was a minor part. “More important is the fact that many people will be waiting longer for family reunification, like waiting three years,” he added. And it wasn’t just the DPP and government who supported it–the Social Democrats voted for it, too. 
Bent Melchior, Denmark’s 87-year-old former chief rabbi, was outraged. He bristled at the suggestion that refugees are rich because they flee with some money in their pockets. He would know: although Denmark is always hailed for saving its Jews during the second world war, it is often forgotten that Danish Jews paid fishermen huge sums to ferry them across to Sweden. Melchior’s family paid the equivalent of “almost a year’s rent of a six-room flat” just for his own passage. “Denmark is not a poor country, for God’s sake,” Melchior says. “There’s food for everybody here, and even if we get a few tens of thousands more people, there will still be food for everybody.” 
The road that led a centre-left party to support such a law has been long and tortuous, but the trajectory has been clear. The Scandinavian welfare system has always been premised on solidarity, with everyone paying their fair share and receiving what they deserve. As the country has become more diverse, some of the trust sustaining it has broken down. There has been abuse of the system by immigrants, and there has been even more tabloid fearmongering depicting immigrants as cheats and leeches sucking the system dry. But the larger issue, as the Oxford economist Paul Collier has argued, is the growing unwillingness of natives to subsidise those seen as the foreign poor. 
Herlev’s mayor does not oppose asylum, but he insists that the numbers have to be capped. “We have to help refugees, and we have to take refugees to Denmark in a number that we can help. If the balance tips, the welfare society cannot hold together,” Petersen warns. 
But such balance may only help so much. Aydin Soei, a Danish sociologist and the son of immigrants from Iran, believes there is a larger blind spot in the thinking of the Danish government–one that native Danes who have never been on the receiving end of the state’s integration policy have failed to see. “A lot of refugees were just parked on social welfare instead of [the state] recognising their education and their skills,” Soei told me, citing the case of his own mother, who arrived in Denmark with a physics degree that was regarded as worthless. “If your motivation is to create a liberal society where the individual can create a good life for him or herself, then you would have solved this problem years ago,” he argues. 
Instead the state has effectively provided newcomers with an allowance and keys to an apartment, and ignored them–assuming that its work was done. The problem, Soei claims, is that there is no political incentive to integrate asylum seekers into the job market. “It doesn’t have consequences for the politicians . . . because they don’t have the right to vote.” Either way, it plays into the DPP’s argument. “Immigrants can’t do right,” said Gyldal Petersen. “When they’re unemployed they’re a burden to society. When they’re in a job, they just stole the job from a Dane.” 
Whether or not Marine Le Pen wins next year’s French election or Wilders’ PVV becomes the largest party in the Netherlands, the new far right is not going away. The reflex among many establishment parties–and media institutions–has been to dismiss them, sideline them or mock them. Others, however, have begun to mimic them in an effort to win their old voters back. 
Rhetoric might, in the long run, matter more than election results. When I spoke again recently with the Jewish Wilders supporter from Amsterdam, he was convinced that the battle has in some ways already been won–regardless of the outcome of next year’s elections. “The PVV has shifted the whole political discussion to the right. The Labour party is saying almost exactly the same thing Wilders said five years ago,” he told me. “You can have a lot of influence in politics by steering the debate.” 
If traditional political parties want to win, they must first abandon the old strategy of marginalising populist movements and instead engage them on the merits–and flaws–of their policies and counter their messages of fear. 
Not least among the lessons of Brexit was that, for millions of disaffected voters, immigration is just one more thing nobody asked them about . This is what makes the issue an especially potent weapon: it combines the resentful energies of nativism, economic instability, and hatred of a remote and unaccountable political elite. And the leaders of the new far right have learned to wield it effectively. They know better than to let themselves be dismissed, as Jean-Marie Le Pen was, as antisemites or racists. 
In France, the new majority Marine Le Pen hopes to build is strikingly similar to the coalition that brought the Brexit campaign victory. In a park near Calais’ castle-like town hall in May, Samuel and Pascal, activists from a group named Retake Calais, railed against the town’s centre-right mayor. They blamed her for the growth of the sprawling, trash-strewn tent city known as the Jungle, which sat three miles east of the town until it was dismantled this month . “Those who govern us are completely against us. The illegals, who aren’t French, can do whatever they want,” they told me. For them, even Marine Le Pen is “too soft”. 
If resettlement programmes take refugees away from Calais to other parts of France, as dozens of buses have in the past week since the destruction of the camp, they would not be any happier. “They’re sending them to all the little villages in France,” says Samuel. After they start to open businesses and bring family members, “in two years the village will be dead”. 
About a mile down the road, the Calais ferry terminal lies behind layers of tall steel fences and coiled barbed wire. I met Rudy Vercucque and Yohann Faviere, the local FN leaders, on a blustery morning in June outside the terminal, where they were anxiously awaiting a visiting EU dignitary. Giant seagulls circled and squawked above as they denounced the mayor, Natacha Bouchart, a member of Sarkozy’s Republicans party. 
“It’s she who has permitted this,” Vercucque, a portly 35-year-old, fumed. And it was Sarkozy, he reminded me, who negotiated the notorious Le Touquet accords , effectively moving the British border to where we were standing. Calais depends on British tourism and revenues are down sharply. The result is crippling economic and social malaise: “Find a doctor who wants to move to Calais. Find a surgeon who wants to move to Calais,” Vercucque exclaimed. “You work your whole life, you pay off your house and you lose money. It’s intolerable.” Their support locally may have once been a protest vote, said Faviere, but no longer. “Today we really have people who adhere to our ideas.” 
Vercucque was more blunt: “We say out loud what people think deep down.”",0
13305,Planned Parenthood: Abortion pill usage now rivals surgery,"Planned Parenthood: Abortion pill usage now rivals surgery October 31, 2016 The Planned Parenthood logo is pictured outside a clinic in Boston, Massachusetts, June 27, 2014. REUTERS/Dominick Reuter 
Abortion pill usage has almost overtaken surgical alternatives as legalization of infanticide faces a major chance of repeal. in election 2016. Two medications used to induce abortion won US approval in 2000, but Pro-Life activists successfully implemented legislative restrictions. In 2014: Abortion medication was used in 43 percent of pregnancy terminations at Planned Parenthood clinics. in 2010: Up from 35 percent according to previously unreported figures by Planned Parenthood. In Ohio, Texas and North Dakota: Demand for medication abortions tripled in the last several months to as much as 30 percent of all procedures in some clinics. States with no restrictions: Up to 55 percent in Michigan, 64 percent in Iowa. Studies: Drug induced abortions kill the child up to 95 percent of the time. The abortion pill was approved in France in 1988. Guttmacher Institute: Pill used in 91 percent of abortions in Finland, 80 percent in Scotland. 1 million of the more than 2.75 million U.S. women who have used the abortion pill received it from Planned Parenthood. Federal data: Overall U.S. abortion rates have dropped to a low of 16.9 terminations per 1,000 women aged15-44 in 2011, down from 19.4 per 1,000 in 2008. U.S. Food and Drug Administration allows abortion pills to be used as far as 10 weeks into pregnancies. Planned Parenthood said both types of abortion typically cost from $300 to $1,000. 
(NEW YORK CITY) American women are ending pregnancies with medication almost as often as with surgery, marking a turning point for abortion in the United States, data reviewed by Reuters shows. 
The watershed comes amid an overall decline in abortion, a choice that remains politically charged in the United States, sparking a fiery exchange in the final debate between presidential nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. 
When the two medications used to induce abortion won U.S. approval 16 years ago, the method was expected to quickly overtake the surgical option, as it has in much of Europe. But U.S. abortion opponents persuaded lawmakers in many states to put restrictions on their use. 
Although many limitations remain, innovative dispensing efforts in some states, restricted access to surgical abortions in others and greater awareness boosted medication abortions to 43 percent of pregnancy terminations at Planned Parenthood clinics, the nation's single largest provider, in 2014, up from 35 percent in 2010, according to previously unreported figures from the nonprofit. 
The national rate is likely even higher now because of new federal prescribing guidelines that took effect in March. In three states most impacted by that change - Ohio, Texas and North Dakota - demand for medication abortions tripled in the last several months to as much as 30 percent of all procedures in some clinics, according to data gathered by Reuters from clinics, state health departments and Planned Parenthood affiliates.",0
13306,"Apple выпустит три стеклянных ""айфона""","0 комментариев 0 поделились 
Как пишет Nikkei Asian Review со ссылкой на осведомленный источник, кроме стандартных 4,7 и 5,5-дюймовых версий, в линейке может появиться смартфон с диагональю пять дюймов. Также источник рассказал, что старшая версия смартфона получит изогнутый OLED-дисплей, когда как остальные модели оснастят LCD-экраном. 
Напомним, производителями фронтальных панелей стали компании Biel Crystal Manufactory и Lens Technology. Они же выпускают и задние крышки для смартфонов, которые также будут выполнены из стекла. 
По данным СМИ, в 2017 году Apple будет праздновать 10-летний юбилей с выхода первого iPhone. Опираясь на это, многие аналитики предрекают полный редизайн смартфона и добавление множества новых функций. Так, в сентябре источники рассказал, что компания минует промежуточную модель 7s и выпустит iPhone 8. 
26 октября, компания впервые за 15 лет отчиталась о снижении годовой выручки. Около 63 процентов выручки обеспечили продажи iPhone, которых в четвертом квартале было реализовано 45,5 миллиона штук. 
Федеральная антимонопольная служба РФ начала проверку цен на iPhone 7, после которой ведомство может возбудить новое дело против Apple. 
Как сообщает ТАСС, ссылаясь на представителя антимонопольной службы, анализ будет проводится в течение месяца или чуть-чуть побольше, по его итогам будет принято решение. Вместо возбуждения нового дела ФАС может расширить уже возбужденное против Apple после проверки цен на iPhone 6. 
Информацию у американской корпорации по ценообразованию на новые смартфоны в РФ пока ещё не запрашивали. 
Напомним, в начале августа 2016 года ФАС возбудила дело в отношении группы лиц в составе Apple Inc., а также ООО ""Эппл Рус"", Apple Holding B. V., Apple Sales Ireland, Apple Operations International. Поводом стали результаты проведенной ведомством проверки, показавшей, что с начала официальных продаж iPhone 6s и iPhone 6s Plus в России большинство реселлеров установили на эти смартфоны одинаковые цены и удерживали их. 16 крупнейших торговых сетей России установили одинаковую цену на смартфоны Apple. Позже стало известно, что корпорация может заплатить штраф в размере до 5 миллионов рублей. 
Ведомство заявило, что такие совпадения могут являться результатом координации ценообразования российских реселлеров группой компаний Apple, которая привела к установлению цен на российском рынке и принятию рекомендованных цен в качестве обязательных. 
Apple в ответ заявила, что реселлеры самостоятельно устанавливают цены на продаваемую у них продукцию Apple. Напомним, в конце сентября начали продажи Apple iPhone 7 и iPhone 7 Plus. Число предзаказов на новинки от Apple, по данным Hi-Tech Mail. Ru, совокупно по всем ритейлерам достигло 20 тысяч. Новинки доступны в пяти цветах - золотом, серебристом, ""розовом золоте"", черном и ""черном ониксе"". Стоимость iPhone 7 начинается от 56,99 тысячи рублей, iPhone 7 Plus - от 67,99 тысячи рублей. 
У нового телефона остался 3,5-мм разъем, а также два слота для SIM-карт. Согласно, iPhone 7 вышел в трех модификациях. Две младших модели получат 4,7-дюймовый экран, а у старшей он будет крупнее, 5,5-дюймов. 
Ранее ходили слухи, что Apple выпустит 4,7-дюймовый iPhone 7 и два 5,5-дюймовых смартфона - iPhone 7 Plus и iPhone 7 Pro. Помимо этого, iPhone 7 сохранит 3,5-мм разъем, это подтвердили в компании. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda.Ru на сегодня Поделиться:",0
13307,Cuba in All Its Natural Glory at the American Museum of Natural History - The New York Times,"It won’t be the old car or the thousands of tobacco leaves or even the leaping crocodile model that will greet visitors when they walk into “¡Cuba! ,” the first major exhibition the American Museum of Natural History has ever organized about that island nation. Guests will be welcomed instead by   photographs of Cubans from Cuba and New York, alongside quotations that display a variety of views and aspirations. Although this is not a political exhibition, the nature of Cuba’s relationship to the United States means that politics cannot  —   and should not  —   be avoided, said Christopher J. Raxworthy, curator of the museum’s department of herpetology and a curator of “¡Cuba!” “We wanted the exhibition to be very honest,” he said, to allow the diversity of Cuba, both environmental and political, to come through. “¡Cuba! ,” opening Nov. 21 and running through Aug. 13, 2017, will be one of the largest exhibitions on Cuba’s biodiversity, natural resources and culture ever presented in the United States. It will also be the museum’s first fully bilingual show. All the senses will be brought into play. The scent of tobacco leaves will waft through part of the exhibition. Videos of Cuban music  —   and perhaps even live performances  —   will play at the end of what looks like a typical Cuban street, with cafes (no food or drink, but guests can sit down and play a game of dominoes to the aroma of coffee). The timing is both serendipitous and not. It comes about 16 months after President Obama announced the   of diplomatic ties, which were severed by the Cuban missile crisis more than 50 years ago. Legal commercial flights to Cuba began just this summer. But the museum’s ties to Cuba go deep. “We have a relationship with Cuban scientists and paleontologists going back 100 years,” Dr. Raxworthy said. While the museum had long had an interest in doing something on Cuba, “the normalization awakened people’s interest,” he said. The political shift also made it easier to invite Cuban colleagues to help and accelerated visas, said Ana Luz Porzecanski, director of the museum’s center for biodiversity and conservation and a curator of the exhibition. While it takes a minimum of two years to create something of the complexity and size of “iCuba! ,” this has been a little more rushed. “We have had just under two years,” Dr. Raxworthy said. Nothing is being shipped from Cuba because of the tight controls on the movement of biological materials. In any case, Dr. Porzecanski said, it is common for the museum to make models the exhibition needs to be hardy enough to travel, as it might be shown in different museums over the next 10 years. So in the bowels of the museum, an entire kaleidoscope of Cuban life has been created. It took 25 volunteers and several staff members to make the 4, 000 tobacco leaves out of construction paper. They are   with acrylic in varying shades of brown and green, complete with tiny holes mimicking insect damage. Stems made of hardened hot glue are attached. Then they are crinkled, bundled together and hung over drying poles. “It’s taken from April to the end of August” to finish the leaves,” said Andrea Raphael, a model maker for the museum. There’s a   shed for the leaves that will demonstrate the tradition of   and a   of a throne used for the   spiritual tradition known as Santeria, with information on how both have shaped the island nation. Also displayed are 30 original posters created over the last decade, which show “the breadth and vitality of Cuban art,” said Catharine Weese, director of exhibition graphic design. Michele Miyares Hollands, a Cuban artist who created some of the posters, was brought in to help develop that part of the show. An interactive exhibit allows museumgoers to explore the country’s art, fashion and dance worlds. A 1955 Chevy will be on display as a tool to explain Cuban restrictions on imports and sales of American cars after 1959, as well as the ingenuity Cubans used in keeping their ancient automobiles running. But of course, the natural world is an important part of the exhibition, and that means an enormous amount of work has been done to recreate accurately everything from the prehistoric giant owl to the bee hummingbird, the tiniest bird in the world. Wetlands, rain forests and coral reefs all come to life. The plywood, foam and resin model of the Garden of the Queens coral reef alone took about six months to make, complete with a   shark, which once lived in the museum’s Ocean Life hall and had been banished to storage. “Cuba has some of the best sea corals in the Caribbean,” Dr. Raxworthy said. The giant owl, which went extinct about 6, 000 years ago and might have been the largest flying bird, stands about three feet tall and was created by sculpturing epoxy, applied over foam and a steel armature form. Its piercing glass yellow eyes were flown over from Wales because no one in the United States had the right size in the right color, said Jason Broughan, a model maker who was working on the owl. “It was hard to flesh out the whole body  —   we had to do a lot of inference,” he said. Rebecca Meah, who created the model of the endangered Cuban crocodile  —   known for leaping in the air to catch small animals hanging from tree branches  —   used the skull of a Cuban crocodile that lived in the Bronx Zoo for many years to shape its head. Working with clay over urethane foam, Ms. Meah said it was the details  —   such as recreating exactly how the skin lies on the bone  —   that make the animal seem real. “Otherwise, it looks like a stuffed animal,” she said. The reuse of bits and pieces from other parts of the museum is typical. The fur of the Cuban solenodon  —   which looks like a shrew with a very long snout  —   was repurposed from a polar bear and painted rusty brown. And some live animals, including the Cuban tree frog and Cuban boa, will also be on view. The hope, Dr. Raxworthy said, is that visitors will “learn and have fun” And, he said, “for   who haven’t been back in a long time, it could be emotional. ”",0
13308,Paul Ryan: He's the Fiscal Policy Illiterate in the Conggress,"License DMCA Ryan, Obama, McConnell, Reid, Pelosi, MSM, and most of Americans need to grasp and act on the irrefutable fact that America can never, involuntarily, go broke. We can afford anything we need which serves a public purpose. All of our needs are paid for from the Treasury's General Fund Account, not from tax dollars or revenue from bond sales. Because Speaker Ryan and his allies, wrongly, couch discussions of spending in the context of scarce resources, the public is always led to believe that Congress must rob Peter to pay Paul, raise taxes, or sell Treasury bonds to fund federal government expenditures. They insist there is only and always the harbinger of debt being the singularly most constraining factor preventing our government from funding public purpose. Nothing is further from reality and the irrefutable truth than this cynical presentation of America's capacity to fund itself. There needs to be an open discussion concerning fiscal policy constraints on Congress allegedly preventing it from appropriating funds to resolve health care provision not only in South Carolina but the provision of funding health care nationally. Clearly, one constraint is ideology (politics.) It would seem that a reasonable political solution would begin with the acknowledgment that doing nothing exacerbates human suffering. No one should support that alternative. A second alternative is to agree to do something that optimizes available resources to resolve the problem of poverty. That solution begins with the acknowledgment of the indisputable power of the Congress to make laws that create the currency with which all Federal Programs are funded. - Advertisement - Because our Federal Government is monetarily sovereign, it can never, involuntarily, ""become bankrupt."" We can never be Greece, or any of the EC member nations because they do not have monetary sovereignty, cannot issue currency. Our Federal Government (Congress, Treasury, and Federal Reserve) issues a sovereign currency, the dollar, as a non-convertible, fiat currency, in a flexible exchange rate regime, and it has no debt in a foreign currency. Under these, irrefutable, monetary characteristics Congressional appropriations are constrained only by the actuality of inflation and Congress' refusal to pay our bills (appropriate funding.) Moreover, Congress never needs revenue per se to fund its appropriations. The notion that our government needs income to spend is, categorically, false in our post gold standard Modern Money Era which began in 1971-'73. Speaker Ryan and company would have us believe that tax revenue is needed to accomplish spending. That contention is illogical. Tax policy in America manages inflation by taking dollars out of the economy to prevent over spending. While there has been no serious threat of inflation since the 1970's, we are over-taxed. Tax policy is also supposed to be designed to manage income distribution. It has failed this task over the past 45 years as marginal tax rates have become more regressive favoring the rich over the rest. Simply put, tax revenue does not fund the Federal Government. That revenue is never recycled. The government simply issues more electronic dollars. It's illogical and inefficient to recycle government liabilities. - Advertisement - The dollars with which we pay the tax liability must first come from government spending. Speaker Ryan knows this and that Government spending is the first source of dollars entering the economy. Fiat creates dollars. In the instance of the Federal Government, when it spends more than it receives in revenue (which it never needs and this construction is purely accounting not a financial requirement.) Ryan and too many others, consider this an economic Armageddon. None of them admit to the existence of the surplus. That surplus, from government ""deficit spending dollars"" is now held by those of us in the private sector. We now possess the dollars; it's our surplus or technically our net financial savings after taxes are paid. It's essentially interest-free money for us to spend as we choose. That's why the financial sector/commercial bankers hate deficit spending. Americans benefit from deficit spending and therefore, don't need to go into debt to maintain living standards. Our surplus from deficit spending is what keeps the economy growing. Federal (public) deficit spending is equal, to the penny, to net financial assets in the private sector. When Ryan and company tell us they're going to cut the deficit, it automatically means they are going to reduce the amount of interest-free money available to us. That eventually will, in short order, force us to use our savings, retained earnings or borrow from banks at interest just to maintain current spending. The last six times our economy went into recession were each preceded by either a government surplus or a balanced budget. In all cases too much was cut or taxed away from us by austerity policies and conversely, not enough government spending was authorized by Congress to support interest-free stimulus. Moreover, since this economy has high levels of regional and sub-regional unemployment (ranging from 12% to 35%), the Federal Government should deficit spend until we have a full employment economy.",0
13309,Russia strikes with its new hypersonic missile,"Russia strikes with its new hypersonic missile 31.10.2016 A hypersonic aircraft known as Article 4202 or 15Yu71 was successfully tested for the first time on 25 October during gunnery drill from the Dombarovskiy launcher deployment area in the Orenburg region at the Kura Missile Test Range in Kamchatka. All the on-board equipment, avionics, as well as guidance system are made of the Russian components. The weapon is capable of moving at a speed of around 7km/s at the maximum height. The device is designed to be installed in advanced intercontinental ballistic missiles instead of traditional warheads. 4202 starts operating at a height of about 100km and flies to the target at a speed of 5-7km/s. While before entering thick layers of atmosphere above the target, the hypersonic aircraft conducts a difficult manoeuvre, which hampers its being intercepted by means of missile defence. It should be noted that the project of combat blocks named Albatros occurred in the USSR in the mid-1980s as a response to the US attempt to create missile defence in the framework of the Star Wars conception. Pravda.Ru",0
13310,Flint Water Crisis Yields First Criminal Charges - The New York Times,"FLINT, Mich.  —   Three government workers were charged with crimes on Wednesday for their roles in this city’s water crisis, accused in part of covering up evidence of lead contamination. The workers  —   an employee of Flint and two state workers assigned to monitor water quality in cities  —   are the first to face criminal charges in connection with the failures that left residents of this city drinking foul and unsafe water for many months. In announcing the charges, some of which are felonies carrying penalties of as much as five years in prison, Bill Schuette, the Michigan attorney general, answered skeptics in Flint and elsewhere who had openly doubted that anyone would ever be held accountable for the health crisis here. Emails and other documents have shown a cascading series of failures at every level of government  —   local, state and federal  —   and Mr. Schuette, a Republican who is widely seen as a possible candidate for governor in 2018, emphasized that his investigation, begun in January, was far from over. “These charges are only the beginning,” Mr. Schuette said. “There will be more to come  —   that I can guarantee you. ” The charges against the three defendants  —   Michael Prysby, a district engineer with the State Department of Environmental Quality Stephen Busch, a district supervisor in the same department and Michael Glasgow, the city’s utilities manager  —   included tampering with evidence contained in reports on lead levels in city water, and the two state officials were also charged with conspiracy to tamper with evidence. Mr. Prysby and Mr. Busch were arraigned later on Wednesday, court records show. Lawyers for the three men could not be reached for comment. Among other things, the workers were accused of distorting the results by directing residents to run their water before it was tested and failing to collect samples from some houses they were required to test. That had the effect of making the levels of lead in the water supply appear far less dangerous than they were, and falsely reassured officials who could have intervened months earlier, as well as residents, that the water was safe. The disaster has left Flint residents fearful about the lasting effects of lead on the city’s youngest children, distrustful of the promises of the authorities and reliant on filters and bottled water. Some have questioned whether this economically distressed, majority black city of fewer than 100, 000 residents will ever get justice. The charges against relatively   officials were being viewed as a promising initial step, but by no means a final answer. “We want the complete story,” Karen Weaver, the recently elected mayor of Flint, said after listening to details of the charges from the front row of a news conference with prosecutors and investigators here. “This is the start to that. ” Some residents pointedly alluded to Gov. Rick Snyder. Asked whether Mr. Snyder would face charges, Mr. Schuette said, “There’s no target, and no one’s off the table. ” Ellis Stafford, a Flint native and an investigator on the team Mr. Schuette assigned to investigate what happened in Flint, choked up as he addressed the failed water system  —   and the broken trust in government that has come from it. “It really hurts,” he said. “I have friends, personal close friends. They live here. They look at me and they wonder if there’s any truth to this investigation. I hope I gave them some. ” He went on to say, “I told one of my friends, ‘You might not believe in government or the state, but believe in me. ’” The three men face a total of 13 charges, a mix of felonies and misdemeanors. The state workers have been suspended without pay, Mr. Snyder said late Wednesday. Mr. Glasgow has been placed on administrative leave, Ms. Weaver said. The charges are linked to the handling of a change in the city’s water supply two years ago and to the aftermath of that change, including a failure to add chemicals that reduce corrosion inside pipes. The resulting problems led to Flint residents’ exposure to water contaminated with lead and possibly linked to a deadly outbreak of Legionnaire’s disease. David M. Uhlmann, who was chief of the environmental crimes section at the Justice Department from 2000 to 2007, and who is a law professor at the University of Michigan, said such charges were rare. ”It’s extremely unusual and maybe unprecedented for state and local officials to be charged with criminal drinking water violations,” he said. Mr. Busch and Mr. Prysby, the state officials, were charged with misconduct in office, a felony, for “willfully and knowingly misleading” the federal Environmental Protection Agency and the Genesee County Health Department about dangers posed by the water. Mr. Prysby was also charged with misconduct in office for authorizing use of the Flint plant, “knowing that the Flint water treatment plant was deficient in its ability to provide clean and safe drinking water. ” Each of those charges carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $10, 000 fine. Each of the tampering charges is a felony punishable by up to four years and $10, 000. Mr. Prysby and Mr. Busch each face two misdemeanor charges of violating the state’s Safe Drinking Water Act by failing to order anticorrosion treatment of the water, and for telling residents to run, or “preflush,” their taps before samples were taken for lead testing, creating misleadingly low readings. Each count carries a penalty of up to a year in prison, and a fine of up to $5, 000 for each day of violation. Mr. Glasgow also faces a misdemeanor charge of willful neglect of duty, with a maximum sentence of a year and a $1, 000 fine. At times, Mr. Glasgow has been seen as someone who tried to warn officials about his concerns over the water. Not long before Flint switched to a new water supply in 2014, Mr. Glasgow warned state officials that he believed the city was not fully ready to make the change and suggested, in an email  released as part of thousands of emails made public since the crisis began, that “people above” him were pushing to move too quickly. Mr. Snyder, a Republican who has apologized repeatedly for what happened in Flint but has also indicated that staff members failed for months to tell him about the gravity and dangers of the mounting situation, has faced the most intense criticism of his two terms over the issue, as well as calls for his resignation or recall. The city had switched to the troubled water system while under the control of an emergency financial manager, appointed by the governor to sort out Flint’s fiscal troubles. Last month, a panel appointed by the governor assigned most of the blame to state officials, citing “government failure, intransigence, unpreparedness, delay, inaction and environmental injustice. ” Mr. Snyder, who announced this week that he would drink Flint water for a month, said at a news conference on Wednesday that the charges were “deeply troubling and extremely serious. ” He said he had not yet been interviewed by the attorney general’s team, but that his office was cooperating with the investigation. Asked whether he believed he had committed a crime, Mr. Snyder said, “I don’t believe so. ” Along the streets here on Wednesday, some people questioned why Mr. Snyder was not being held to answer for the state’s failings. “Somebody knew about this at the top,” William McCraw, 64, said as he waited at a bus station in Flint. “They need to round them all up, everyone who knew. ” They also wondered aloud how criminal charges could now solve their continuing water and health problems. Researchers from Virginia Tech said recently that while Flint’s system was “on the path to recovery,” it remained a “  zone for lead in water. ” Nicole Woycik, a mother who worries about her    son’s behavioral changes and wonders about   effects the water may have on him, described the criminal charges as “a start. ” But, she added, “The charges will not bring a lot of closure, because we’re affected either way. ” Asked whether Flint was now beginning to heal, Ms. Weaver, the mayor, said the criminal charges were “part of getting it healed. ” The other part, she said, would be securing all of the money Flint needs to replace its aged water system.",0
13311,Russia’s Sports Minister Strives to Contain Damage - The New York Times,"MOSCOW  —   On the top floor of Russia’s antidoping laboratory, the largest office is empty but for two unopened glass bottles of Montblanc writing ink, in Irish Green and Midnight Blue. The longtime director of the lab, Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov, treasured expensive pens. But last November, he packed up hurriedly and fled to the United States after Russia was accused of a   doping program and Vitaly Mutko, the country’s minister of sport, tourism and youth policy, asked him to resign. The lab’s operations, headquartered in a nondescript   building a few miles from the Kremlin, have mostly ground to a halt since global antidoping authorities decertified the facility. Dozens of staff members report to work from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. but do little except surf the internet in lab coats, stare out the casement windows onto an adjacent open field and wipe down clean countertops while waiting for occasional blood samples to arrive. The sense of suspended animation in the lab reflects Russia’s standing in international sports as it awaits the result of an investigation into claims of a coordinated,    cheating operation at the last Olympics that could affect its participation in the upcoming Summer Games. “We’re just waiting,” Tatiana Radushina, a technician specializing in urine analysis, said on Wednesday, shrugging when asked how she spent her days. A short walk away, in the sports ministry  —   a former duke’s residence that dates to 1799  —   Mr. Mutko is waiting, too, but with a greater sense of urgency. He is logging   days, he said, seeking to counter the damage that Dr. Rodchenkov, who fled to Los Angeles, did when he spoke out in May about his work in Russia. Dr. Rodchenkov told The New York Times that at the 2014 Sochi Games, he swapped out the   urine of dozens of Russian Olympians, including at least 15 medalists, under orders from Mr. Mutko’s ministry. The World   Agency commissioned an investigation into Dr. Rodchenkov’s account. With the results expected on Monday, Mr. Mutko, 57, is preparing for what could prove a damning indictment of his administration, and he is in an unusually powerless position. Russia’s track and field athletes were already banned last month from competing at next month’s Rio Olympics by the International Association of Athletics Federations, the sport’s governing body. On Saturday, at least 10 national antidoping organizations  —   including those in the United States, Germany, Spain, Japan, Switzerland and Canada  —   and more than 20 athlete groups representing Olympians from around the world made clear that they were preparing to request that the International Olympic Committee ban Russia’s entire delegation from the Rio Olympics, if the report on Monday validates Dr. Rodchenkov’s allegations. In a   interview in the ministry last week, sitting alongside a large Russian flag and a grand window with Corinthian columns, Mr. Mutko expressed a range of emotions: defiance, contrition, indignation and shades of hesitant acceptance. Speaking through an interpreter, he said that most Russian athletes and coaches saw   drugs as necessary to win, and he admitted that he used to share that view, not explaining when and how his attitude changed. Shortly after he was appointed minister eight years ago, he said, he told Vladimir V. Putin  —   at that time the prime minister  —   that doping was a “black spot” on the country. Still, he scoffed repeatedly at the names of Dr. Rodchenkov and the other   who have alleged systematic doping in Russia, waving his hands dismissively and averting his otherwise intense stare. “Rodchenkov created traps,” Mr. Mutko said, scribbling on blank paper as he spoke. “He involved people in them. ” Dr. Rodchenkov said he had received direct orders from Mr. Mutko’s deputy, Yuri Nagornykh, and to back up the claim, he supplied spreadsheets that he said the ministry sent him as instruction manuals, listing athletes whose doping samples needed to be substituted at Sochi. Invoking his training as a lawyer at Leningrad State University, Mr. Mutko demanded proof. “Nagornykh was in close contact with Rodchenkov preparing for the Games,” he said. “What kind of communications they had, it’s complicated to judge. ” But if proof were produced, he said, global regulators should bear responsibility. He emphasized that WADA had accredited the Moscow lab, clearing it to conduct testing at the Olympics, in spite of its suspicious test results, and applauding its performance at Sochi. Until last fall, Mr. Mutko said of antidoping authorities, “they praised Russia constantly they had no questions for Russia. ” Grabbing a fistful of five pencils from the table, he pointed their sharpened tips toward the glittering chandelier above him and pounded their erasers on the table like a gavel. “Nobody blamed us when we were 11th or 12th in the world,” he said, raising his eyebrows and pausing uncharacteristically. “Our problem is not the problem of Russia but of the whole system of doping control. ” Indeed, the allegations about Russia have raised questions about the broader antidoping system, which last month the president of the International Olympic Committee called deficient. Even the supposedly   bottles, the standard at international athletic competitions, have been called into question by Dr. Rodchenkov, who said Russia’s internal intelligence service devised ways to break into them. Russia is preparing to host the World Cup in 2018, and Mr. Mutko, who is an executive with FIFA, world soccer’s governing body, expressed confidence that if the Moscow facility was not recertified in time, adequate drug testing would be conducted abroad. “We could send samples to Almaty, Kazakhstan,” he said. The Kazakhstan lab, however, was suspended by WADA last month for unspecified problems. With three weeks remaining until the Games, Russia is challenging the I. A. A. F.’s decision with the Court of Arbitration for Sport in Switzerland. “I have read all the documents,” Mr. Mutko said. “It’s all outside the legal framework. ” The World   Agency has reported that athletes in Russia have continued to systematically evade drug testing, as recently as last month. Mr. Mutko said he knew nothing about such violations. “Didn’t you know Russia is a huge country?” he said, adding that as minister he had many responsibilities. Mr. Mutko is well connected in international sports and not used to being kept in the dark, as he has been in the Sochi investigation. Seeking to contain the damage, he has written repeatedly to the president of WADA, Craig Reedie, who sent the ministry a reassuring note during an investigation into allegations of   doping in Russia last year. Early this month, Mr. Mutko wrote that he wanted to participate in the Sochi investigation, and he asked for an advance copy of the report due to be published on Monday. In reply, Mr. Reedie, who has been accused of being slow to act on allegations of doping within Russia, deferred to the Canadian lawyer leading the inquiry. To Mr. Mutko’s surprise, that lawyer, Richard McLaren, denied his requests. “I do not think it necessary to have any dialogue,” Mr. McLaren wrote on July 6. “I will report my factual findings, and then others will have to determine what it is they should do as a result. ” The International Olympic Committee and sports federations would have the authority to impose disciplinary measures based on Mr. McLaren’s findings. Mr. Mutko thus dismissed the power of the independent commission and WADA. “It’s about the decisions,” he said. “With respect to the commission, they do not determine the fate of world sport. ” In the United States, lawmakers and government investigators will probably also be watching for the results of the Sochi inquiry. The Department of Justice also opened an investigation into Dr. Rodchenkov’s claims. Mr. Mutko expressed little concern about American authorities, noting that no Russian was among the dozens of soccer officials charged in the United States’ FIFA case. Nearing 5 p. m. aides stood up, trying to bring the conversation to an end. Mr. Mutko continued talking, about his Sunday walks in Moscow’s botanical gardens, about his commute from St. Petersburg and about the Department of Justice. “When I visit New York, I will pay you a visit,” he said with a laugh. “But for the time being, I’m not visiting New York. ”",0
13312,"Sports Media Trashes Conservatives, in the Tank for Colin Kaepernick - Breitbart","Now that the 49ers want nothing to do with him, it appears that the liberal sports media sympathizes with quarterback Colin Kaepernick and advocates that some NFL team should sign him to a new contract. [Mike Florio writes at NBC Sports PFT that although Kaepernick may not, as Ron Jaworski once claimed, have the potential to “become one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time,” he deserves a chance “to show what he can still do. ”  Florio agrees with Doug Lesmerises of the Cleveland Plain Dealer that the Cleveland Browns should give the QB, who refused to stand for the National Anthem last season, a chance. The blame lies with Browns owner Jimmy Haslam, Florio argues, because he is a Republican with ties to the Jeb Bush for president campaign and he is the brother of Republican Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam, without considering that management might be considering their fan base or that Kaepernick just isn’t that good.  Florio doesn’t seem to remember the Isaiah Crowell ordeal.  The Cleveland Browns running back posted an Instagram pic last year of a cop getting murdered by a terrorist and appeared to “advocate the knifing of police officers,” which caused the Cleveland Police Union president to actually threaten to pull security from Browns games. Crowell eventually apologized. Kaepernick might be an especially bad fit in a town already weary of his   stance. Moreover, Florio criticizes New York Jets Owner Woody Johnson for having the same “mindset” as Haslam. Johnson, appointed by President Trump as Ambassador to the United Kingdom, would never employ Kaepernick. That’s because, despite their current search for a quarterback, his new boss already voiced disdain for Kaepernick’s lack of respect for the American Flag and the nation’s police officers. Trump said of Kaepernick’s antics, “Maybe he should find a country that works better for him. ” Florio seems incredulous, saying, “The fact that no one has even brought him in for a visit suggests that something more than football is influencing the process. ” Why is it that Florio only points the finger at conservative owners for denying Kaepernick a place on the roster?  Why not go after Philadelphia Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie, who contributed handsomely to the Hillary Clinton campaign? Yet, instead of signing Kaepernick, Lurie   the white Nick Foles. Why isn’t he under scrutiny? The Rooneys own the Steelers, and one of them served as Obama’s ambassador to Ireland. With Ben Roethlisberger musing about retirement, why haven’t they brought Kaepernick in yet, if only for a look? As Hamlet’s Marcellus might have said, “Something is rotten in the land of sports media. ”",0
13313,Donald Trump Puts Iran ‘On Notice’ for ‘Destabilizing Actions’ in Middle East - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump’s national security adviser General Michael Flynn delivered a stern warning to Iran, pointing to their “destabilizing behavior” in the Middle East. [Flynn specifically referred to the Iranian regime’s “provocative ballistic launch” after the government conducted a test of a missile, as well as their support of Houthi militants who attacked a Saudi naval vessel.  “As of today we are officially putting Iran on notice,” Flynn said at the White House press briefing on Wednesday. Flynn’s statement was short, but a senior administration official answered followup questions about the statement to reporters at the White House later in the afternoon. The official said there was a “large number of options that were available” to the administration and signaled that they would take “appropriate actions” in response to Iran’s behavior. “We consider these actions to be inherently destabilizing and a threat to our friends and our allies, and it’s   to the goals of the region,” the official said. But the official would only confirm that a deliberative process had begun regarding how to respond, and he offered few additional details. The message, however, was clear  —   the administration wanted to send a signal that there was a different president in the White House who would have a different relationship with Iran than former President Obama. “We are considering these things on a different perspective,” the official noted. The official explained that Gen. Flynn delivered the message because the administration felt that it was important to send it directly from the White House, not through diplomacy at the State Department. “It reflects the level of importance that this administration believes this issue warrants,” the official explained. ",0
13314,Sweden Attack: Truck Mows Down Pedestrians in Stockholm Four Dead Shots Fired,"Casualties have been reported after a truck crashed into pedestrians in the Swedish capital Stockholm, police say. [UPDATE 5:00 pm EST: Details have emerged about the man arrested by police. He is said to be a    migrant from Uzbekistan who is a father of four. According to the reports, he is said to have posted   State material on Facebook and has admitted to being part of the attack.  Neighbours of the man do not believe that he was part of the attack and say that he rarely discussed politics or religion. Police still maintain that they do not believe he was the driver of the truck in the attack. UPDATE 4:15 pm EST: Stockholm police have announced that the person arrested was not the driver in the attack and say the driver is still at large.  UPDATE 2:50 pm EST: Police have confirmed that they have arrested a suspect in the attack and that there are now four victims according to Swedish newspaper Expressen. The man is said to have been arrested in the district of Märsta outside of Stockholm. UPDATE 2:30 pm EST: Video from a local shop has emerged showing people running in panic and the truck used in the attack driving by at high speed.  UPDATE 11:40 am EST: Police now say that no one has officially been arrested in connection with the attack and have released a picture of a man in a hoodie who they believe to be a suspect. Police have begun a manhunt for the suspected attacker.  UPDATE 10:40 am EST: Jimmie Åkesson, leader of the   migration Sweden Democrats, has expressed sympathy for the victims of the attack on Twitter saying, “let our thoughts go to the victims and their families. Fruktansvärda händelser i Stockholm just nu, med både döda och skadade. Låt våra tankar gå till de drabbade och deras anhöriga.  —   Jimmie Åkesson (@jimmieakesson) April 7, 2017,  UPDATE 10:35 am EST: Police have ordered the evacuation of the main train station in central Stockholm. UPDATE 10:31 am EST:  Pictures have emerged of police arresting a man at the scene of the attack.  UPDATE 10:21 am EST: A video posted on Twitter appears to show the aftermath of the attack with a fire having broken out. Watching the events unfold after a truck drove into Åhléns on Drottninggatan. pic. twitter.   —   Emil Stenqvist (@svammel) April 7, 2017,  UPDATE 10:06 am EST: Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven has released a statement calling the attack likely an act of terrorism. The Swedish leader also has said that one suspect is currently in custody. UPDATE 10:03 am EST: Swedish police have officially deemed the incident an “attack” in an official statement. Swedish police statement on Stockholm situation, have deemed it an attack: pic. twitter.   —   Megan Specia (@meganspecia) April 7, 2017,  UPDATE 10:00 am EST: According to Spendrups, the owners of the truck involved in the attack, the truck in question was hijacked earlier today. Communications director Mårten Lyth said that the driver is unharmed and the hijacker took the truck as the driver was about to unload cargo. UPDATE 9:43 am EST: Newspaper Dagens Nyheter reports that there has been another shooting in the Fridhemsplan areas in Stockholm. It is unknown if the shooting is related to the incident in Drottninggatan at this time. JUST NU: Skottlossning på Fridhemsplan i Stockholm, enligt källor till DN https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Dagens Nyheter (@dagensnyheter) April 7, 2017,  The truck slammed into pedestrians near the Åhlens shopping centre on the Drottninggatan pedestrian street in the Swedish capital. According to Swedish paper Aftonbladet, the police on the scene are saying that the incident is likely a terrorist attack. “I saw hundreds of people ran, they ran for their lives,” said one witness name Anna. Another witness said, “We stood inside a shoe store, and we heard no noise, and so people start screaming. So I look out at the store, so I see a huge truck slammed into the wall opposite. ” Swedish broadcaster SVT are now claiming that three people have been killed in the incident and that shots have been fired. . @SigmaSquawk video from #Stockholm, #Sweden. pic. twitter.   —   Global News (@GlobalZarfati) April 7, 2017,  Terrorattentat i Stockholm! !!#terrorattack #stockholm pic. twitter.   —   Per Gardell (@PerGardell) April 7, 2017,    More follows",0
13315,"Eric Bolling Just Exposed Hillary’s TERROR TIES, THIS IS BLOWING UP All Over The Social Media!","
The newest batch of emails released from Wikileaks puts Hillary Clinton in deep trouble. Eric Bolling read them through and through and discovered that Hillary actually has deep terror ties… 
From Conservative 101: 
Eric Bolling and his team took the time to sift carefully through the emails. 
Announced Bolling on The Five , “There are even more ne WikiLeaks revelations. In 2014, Hillary sent an e-mail to her Campaign Chairman John Podesta saying, ‘Saudi Arabia and Qatar are funding ISIS.’ And the leaked e-mails also show Clinton’s staff debated how much outrage she should show lawmakers over Benghazi at her 2015 Capitol Hill hearing. K.G., they have lots — it’s like 4,000 e-mails in the last couple of days.” 
Does it get any more disgusting than this? 
Saudia Arabia gave her personal “charity” the Clinton Foundation $35 million dollars, and now in her emails we have proof she knew Saudi Arabia was funding ISIS. 
There you have it folks. Elic Bolling just exposed everything! 
This is the evidence that the American public needed… this will destroy Hillary for good! 
Share it everywhere, America deserves to know the truth! ",0
13316,Trump St. Patrick’s Day Hats Disappear After Shamrock Mix-Up - The New York Times,"St. Patrick’s Day will soon be upon us, and Team Trump would like you to know that for just $50 you can purchase a green “Make America Great Again” hat embroidered with a symbol that has nothing to do with St. Patrick’s Day. The hats went on sale last week in advance of the holiday, celebrated on March 17, and had a   clover  —   instead of a   shamrock  —   stitched on the back. A   clover is not a symbol of Ireland. It is just a plant. On Wednesday afternoon the hats disappeared from Mr. Trump’s online store. A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump did not respond to questions about why the hats were taken off the website. The original advertisements for the hat encouraged Mr. Trump’s supporters to “capture the luck of the Irish. ” Social media users, especially those in Ireland  —   where Mr. Trump is deeply unpopular  —   were quick to pounce, as was the news media there. The Irish Independent, a popular daily newspaper, described the   clover as “a sugary, oat piece that you’ll find in a box of Lucky Charms cereal” that “has nothing to do with St. Patrick’s Day or Ireland. ” Mixing up the number of leaves on a shamrock is an easy mistake to make, especially in the United States, where St. Patrick’s Day is widely celebrated even by people with no substantive connection to Ireland. The Obama campaign made the same mistake in 2012, producing a line of   campaign swag covered in   clovers (it soon reversed course.) Mr. Trump’s former national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, himself an   used a   clover on Twitter last year. Even the Irish beer company Guinness is not immune: It used a   clover in a series of advertisements in Canada last year. Niall O’Dowd, the publisher of several   media outlets, said these   were par for the course on St. Patrick’s Day in the United States, where some of the finer points of Irish culture often get lost in the   melee of parades and bar crawls. (In case you’re wondering why the shamrock is part of the holiday at all, legend has it that St. Patrick used its three leaves to illustrate the Holy Trinity in Christianity.) “That sort of things is so common,” Mr. O’Dowd said. “It’s not exactly   that they’ve used a   clover. ” Another common misunderstanding is referring to the holiday as “St. Patty’s Day,” he said. (The Independent sneered about the American pronunciation: “St. Patty’s Day as they insist on calling it. ”) “Patty” is not the nickname used for a man named Patrick. It is the nickname used for a woman named “Patricia. ” Men named Patrick  —   including the saint honored on March 17  —   are referred to casually as “Paddy. ” Like many Americans, the Republican Party made that mistake, too, in its advertisement for the Trump hat. Mr. O’Dowd said he thought that misspelling was a forgivable offense. “If you listen to an Irish accent it does sound like ‘Patty’s Day,’” he said. “People get offended by it, but I think it’s one of those things that gets overblown. People’s intent is noble, and that’s just how the word sounds to them. ”",0
13317,World (or at Least Brooklyn) Stops for Lost Dog - The New York Times,"Bailey, a    goldendoodle, lived a placid, largely uneventful life on a block of handsome brownstones in Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn, until 7:15 on the morning of Oct. 24. That was when her owner leashed her to a metal chair outside Henry’s Local, a coffee shop on Henry Street, and went in for an iced latte. Another customer entered the cafe. Bailey, startled, jumped to the side. The chair crashed to the sidewalk. The noise spooked Bailey further. She bolted  —   down Henry Street, dragging the clattering chair behind her, with her owner, Orna Le Pape, in pursuit, yelling: “Bailey, stop! No! No!” Bailey ran diagonally through the intersection at Carroll Street. Then the chair snagged on something. Bailey broke free, leaving the chair and her leash and ID tags behind. She turned right at the When in Rome hair salon onto her block, President Street. She ran right past her house, and she kept going. Ms. Le Pape, 47 and fit but no match for a sprinting dog, lost sight of Bailey at the next corner, but   yelled directions: “She went that way!” Bailey went left and left again, toward the waterfront. When Ms. Le Pape got to Columbia Street, on the far side of the   Expressway, no one was on the street. She screamed Bailey’s name. She guessed at a direction to run. She passed people. No one had seen her. Gone. Every week, dozens of dogs and cats go missing in New York City. Their distraught owners put up signs. Some turn up alive. Some do not. Over the next few days, Bailey somehow became a phenomenon, a cause, and in her rarefied corner of Brooklyn and beyond, a social media star. Now it was around 7:30 on a Monday, a school and work day, though Ms. Le Pape, a psychotherapist, had no patients scheduled until evening. She ran home, got her car and began an aimless, frantic drive in search of the dog. She called home and told her    son to find photos of Bailey (a dog with a shaggy   coat, a chestnut beard and enormously long eyelashes) and start printing out fliers. She drove home, picked them up, walked to a nearby copy shop to make more and started posting them, crying all the while. Ms. Le Pape canceled sessions with her evening patients, citing a family emergency. All day, she wandered the tidy precincts known collectively as Brownstone Brooklyn. Up Columbia to Atlantic Avenue, down Hicks Street by the expressway, west to the factories and warehouses of Red Hook, swinging by the dog run beneath by the highway overpass. Everywhere Ms. Le Pape went, people seemed compelled to help. They asked for an extra flier so they could post it on Facebook, or make copies and tape them up elsewhere. They offered suggestions  —   call vets, call shelters, call animal rescue places, go to the police. “I went to the sanitation garage, down by the water, and the guy said, ‘I’m announcing this on roll call until they find her,’” Ms. Le Pape said. “I ran into absolute strangers who said they were going to church to pray for my dog. ” Ms. Le Pape spared no expense. For $149. 95 she registered with LostMyDoggie. com, which   1, 250 of her neighbors, alerting them to look out for Bailey. She printed over a thousand fliers. Omar at the copy shop would not take her money. In the evening, Ms. Le Pape became fixated on Brooklyn Bridge Park, a mile and a half north of her house  —   a quiet place to hide for a dog who hates loud noises. From 11:30 p. m. to 1:30 a. m. Ms. Le Pape and her mother, who had come out from Manhattan to help, wandered the deserted park, calling the dog’s name. Nothing. Tuesday: Day 2. Ms. Le Pape started getting calls from people who said they had seen Bailey the day before. She was able to reconstruct some of Bailey’s route: 7:30 a. m. on Monday near the Brooklyn Bridge, a mile and a half north of her house. Then a mile and a half southeast of the bridge at Nevins and Degraw Streets. At 10:30 p. m. on Monday, Bailey had been spotted on Henry Street, five blocks from her house, but running the wrong way. That first day she covered at least 4 miles, probably considerably more. Ms. Le Pape went to the city pet shelters in East Harlem and East New York, Brooklyn. Nothing. More acts of kindness. Near the Fairway supermarket in Red Hook a man flagged her down. “He said, ‘I see you’re offering a reward on your sign. I have the winery that’s down here  —   tell people the reward is they can come for a tasting and a tour. ’” It is not clear why the search for Bailey drew such an outpouring of support. Part of it may be that Carroll Gardens retains an intimate   feel. It certainly did not hurt that she was a particularly appealing dog. “I don’t know if the entire neighborhood would mobilize for an   dog,” Ms. Le Pape said. A cynic might wonder if class had anything to do with it. A friend of Ms. Le Pape’s had another theory. “She said, ‘At a time like this, when there’s so much turmoil going on around the election, here’s this story that everyone can latch on to and be on the same side. Everyone wants a lost dog found. ’” In the late afternoon, Ms. Le Pape’s mother noticed signs for a beagle named Edie, who lived three blocks from Bailey and had also run off while leashed to a chair on the same day as Bailey. “I thought it would be a great idea to join forces,” she said. She called one of Edie’s owners, Olly Smith. “I can’t talk right now,” he said. “I think we’ve just found our little dog’s body. ” Edie had been hit by a car on the   Expressway. At 4:30 a. m. on Wednesday, Ms. Le Pape was awakened by a dream: Bailey is downstairs, go downstairs. “I didn’t listen to the voice because it was crazy. ” In the morning, Ms. Le Pape went on Facebook. Under “Trending” (a list based on her location, her own social network and broader algorithms) the top topic was Bailey. Outside, she found dog poop on the sidewalk in front of the house. It appeared to be a few hours old. It looked like Bailey’s. “I thought, ‘What if I pick it up and took it to the vet and had them analyze it? ’” Ms. Le Pape recalled. “I was reaching for anything. ” Ms. Le Pape canceled her Wednesday appointments to continue the search. “We heard you have to do at least a   radius,” she said. In her part of Brooklyn, there are something like 1, 500 blocks within a   radius. At 10 p. m. on Wednesday evening, more than 60 hours after Bailey dashed off, Ms. Le Pape was riding a bike two neighborhoods from home, calling Bailey’s name, and her phone rang. “This woman is panting and puffing,” she recounted. “She says, ‘I’m following your dog, trying to stay with her. ’” Bailey was on Sackett Street, just a few blocks from home. Ms. Le Pape flew down Columbia Street. She ran into the woman: “She said, ‘I was trying to call you again  —   we lost her. ’” The phone rang again. Someone had just seen Bailey in Red Hook, on Van Brunt Street. And again: “I see your dog,” a man told her. Bailey was on Degraw Street, heading in the direction of home. Ms. Le Pape called her mother. “I just sort of screamed something to the effect of, ‘Everyone get downstairs! ’” Ms. Le Pape’s older son opened the door. There was Bailey, at the top of the stoop. She was starving and dehydrated. She had lost eight pounds. Her paw was bleeding. But she was intact. Ms. Le Pape and her mother began to notify everyone who had been helping with the search, including Edie’s grieving owner, Olly Smith. “This is the most wonderful news,” he wrote back. “We’re so, so happy for you all. ” Bailey has resumed her old life, with one notable change: the coffee place. “I still go there every day,” Ms. Le Pape said. “But without her. ”",0
13319,Man Gets 45-Year Sentence for Shooting Mother Trying to Stop Him From Raping 6-Year-Old - Breitbart,"A South Carolina man has been given a   prison sentence for shooting a mother who intervened to stop him from raping her    daughter, court documents reveal. [Nate Hunter, 34, was convicted of burglary, attempted murder, criminal sexual conduct with a child, and illegal possession of a gun for the April 2014   of a home in West Columbia, South Carolina, according to Fox Carolina.  Police had charged Hunter under the suspicion that he broke into the home and ordered the mother and the little girl to strip naked. He then grabbed the girl to molest her, but the child’s mother attacked. Police said Hunter then shot the woman five times. Despite being severely wounded, the enraged mother was able to fight the suspect off and push him out of the home. In court, prosecutors said Hunter left a stocking cap behind after he fled and DNA linked the cap to the suspect. Hunter’s DNA was already in the CODIS system and the match led police to arrest him as a suspect, WLTX 19 reported. Once arrested, police were also able to test a . 40 caliber pistol in his possession and found it matching the bullets recovered at the scene of the home invasion. Both the mother and the now    girl testified against Hunter during the court proceedings. Addressing the court, the little girl’s mother said that Hunter had “forever stolen her daughter’s security and innocence. ” Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
13321,"Comment on India Moves to Severely Restrict Use of Cash, Forcing Much of Economy Into Barter by Bugs Bunny","by Jerri-Lynn Scofield 
By Jerri-Lynn Scofield, who has worked as a securities lawyer and a derivatives trader. She now spends most of her time in India and other parts of Asia researching a book about textile artisans. She also writes regularly about legal, political economy, and regulatory topics for various consulting clients and publications, as well as writes occasional travel pieces for The National . 
The biggest story on Indian television yesterday wasn’t the election of Donald Trump. For on Tuesday night (IST), Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a surprise speech declared that currency notes of rupees (Rs) 500 and Rs 1000 — the highest two denominations in circulation– would be invalid as of midnight that same night. The withdrawn notes could no longer be used for transacting business or as a store of value for future usage (with some limited exceptions, but even these were only allowed for a short transition period). 
From Modi’s speech : 
“There is a need for a decisive war against the menace of corruption, black money and terrorism… Corruption, black money and terrorism are festering wounds which make the country hollow from within,” he said, adding such activities hold back the nation’s progress. 
Describing illegal financial activities as the “biggest blot”, Modi said that despite several steps taken by his government over the last two-and-a-half years, India’s global ranking on corruption had moved only to 76th position from 100th earlier. 
“This shows the extent of the web of corruption in the country. The disease of corruption is the domain of some veted people who are flourishing. Some people have misused their positions and benefitted. On the other hand, honest people are suffering,” he said. 
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI)– the Indian central bank– as reported by The Times of India , elaborated: 
The incidence of fake Indian currency notes in higher denomination has increased. For ordinary persons, the fake notes look similar to genuine notes, even though no security feature has been copied. The fake notes are used for antinational and illegal activities. High denomination notes have been misused by terrorists and for hoarding black money. India remains a cash based economy hence the circulation of Fake Indian Currency Notes continues to be a menace. In order to contain the rising incidence of fake notes and black money, the scheme to withdraw has been introduced. 
Chaos Ensues 
India remains a cash-based economy, especially for low-value transactions, and the move has caused widespread chaos, as I write this from Kolkata where I am currently visiting. The move was accompanied by a temporary shut down of all banks and ATMs, with banks reopening earlier today and ATMs due to reopen tomorrow. 
Initially, after the announcement, the highest denomination legal tender note in circulation was the Rs 100 note. New legally tender Rs 500 and Rs 2000 notes have been made available today, according to Tushar Roy, chief manager of a nationalized bank, Central Bank of India. Not all banks have yet received the new notes, but Roy says that this problem is expected to be resolved soon. The government also expects to re-introduce Rs 1000 notes soon, to include advanced security features. When ATMs open tomorrow, withdrawals will be limited to a maximum of Rs 2000 per transaction, as compared to the Rs 10,000 and in some cases, Rs 15,000 limits, that previously applied. 
Starting today, after producing appropriate identification, people are allowed to exchange old notes for new at any of the 19 RBI offices, any bank branch, or at any head post office or sub-post office. They will have until December 30 to complete their transactions. 
Individuals receive full value for the entire volume of bank notes tendered at any of these venues, but here’s the kicker: At the moment, each person is limited to receiving only Rs 4000 per person in cash irrespective of the size of tender. Anything over and above that amount can only be credited to a bank account. This allows the government to track whether the sums tendered have been legitimately acquired. Withdrawals from bank accounts will be limited to Rs 10,000 a day and Rs 20,000 a week. The government has announced this part of the policy may be relaxed in future, says Roy, in order for employers, for example, to meet payrolls currently made in cash. (Ultimately the government wants more transactions to be paid via bank accounts, so that they can be tracked and taxed appropriately). 
Does The Policy Make Sense? 
It’s beyond the scope of this post to speculate on the impact the new policy will have on individuals of various occupations and with myriad reasons for transacting in large amounts of cash. For more on this point, interested readers might wish to look at this article in The Wire . 
Some have criticized the policy for focusing on currency alone, and have noted that black money is typically not held by Indians in stacks of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes, but in one of two alternative ways. 
The very rich store black assets in offshore accounts (as detailed in, among other sources, the Panama Papers). 
But tax evasion and corruption is not limited to the very richest alone. In India, many doctors and other professionals, members of the business community, and small traders also underreport their taxable income. They tend to hold their black assets on-shore, within India, in the form of real estate, art work, gold bullion, jewellery, or securities. 
Unlike other current policy areas– border incursions into Pakistan, for example– the political opposition has has not contested the objective of the Modi move. There is virtually unanimous concurrence– at least publicly– on cracking down on black money. Yet as The Hindu reported, former Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram has criticized the Modi government’s method for achieving its objective: 
“We support the objective of the government to stamp out black money. But the method they have adopted raises questions… The move has come as a bolt from the blue for the common man.” 
The real test for the government would begin [Thursday], Mr Chidambaram said. “How efficiently and how quickly the money is exchanged…. If there is harassment or inconvenience and all kinds of questions are asked, then I think that will be completely counterproductive.” 
A similar move had been contemplated by the previous Congress-led UPA government, he recalled. But the idea was dropped as “the economic gains were not too great.” 
Mr. Chidambaram said the introduction of the new series of notes was estimated to cost Rs. 15,000 crores to Rs 20,000 crores [Jerri-Lynn here: a crore is 10,000,000 in the Indian numbering system]. “The economic gains of demonetisation should be at least equal to that amount.” 
If the additional tax revenue pulled in by the Modi move is less than that amount, the new policy will actually have ended up costing the government money– rather than increasing government revenues. 
As Chidambaram summarized (again from The Hindu article quoted above): 
The “economic wisdom” of the government’s decision, Mr Chidambaram said, would be tested on three parameters: a) the present cash to GDP ratio is 12 per cent. Will it come down to the world average of about 4 per cent? b) The value of the high denomination notes currently in circulation is about 15 lakh crore rupees [Jerri-Lynn here: a lakh is 100,000, a crore, 10,000,000, so a lakh crore is 1,000,000,000,000.] Will that value come down significantly? c) Will gold imports surge, indicating that unaccounted income/ wealth is seeking refuge in bullion and gold jewellery? 
Various economists have also presented other criticisms of the government’s move, as reported by The Wire. Requiring a switch to new bank notes means Indians must take time to switch their existing Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes into the new bank notes. If new notes are not freely and widely available, this will freeze trade and the normal functioning of an exchange economy. Further, many Indians receive salaries in cash and do not have bank accounts at present, so requiring transactions to pass through the banking system will cause them considerable immediate inconvenience. 
Impact on Economic Activity 
But there is a wider reason for critiquing the policy. “Black money and not paying taxes: These are bad things in a society,” says Suvojit Bagchi, Kolkata bureau chief for The Hindu. “Not surprisingly, everyone– including the opposition– agrees on the objective of cracking down on black money.” Increasing the tax base- is the prime objective here. But will the demonetization policy produce substantial tax revenue? Bagchi noted that Chidambaram questioned whether taxes raised would be sufficient to recoup the cost of printing new bank notes. 
Another objective, Bagchi added, is to move India away from its reliance on cash, toward a more American or European plastic system, where it’s easier to track– and tax– money. 
And finally, at least half of Indian economic activity occurs in the informal sector, which is not tightly controlled. Bagchi gave the example of a building promoter, whose building activity produces both black and white revenues. Indeed, perhaps 40% of the promoter’s overall activity, he estimated, might be black activity. But that black activity also generates employment, as well as other knock on effects. While the government hopes that its policy will increase the tax base, it’s also possible that demonetization might instead lead to the shut down of at least some black activity. “So, the government’s latest move may actually slow economic activity considerably,” Bagchi says, “But for how long, and to what extent, no one knows.” 
He further added, “At the moment, the Indian economy is somewhat insulated from the world economy, in part due to its reliance on cash and the existence of considerable black activity. Once India moves to a plastic system, and cuts back on that black activity, it will lose some of this insulation.” 
As reported in The Wire , Abhijit Sen, former member of the Planning Commission, is also concerned about contraction in the informal sector: 
The sudden decision to demonetise currency notes of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 is targeted to reduce illicit stocks of black money and fake currency. This has a clear rationale if such notes are used mainly to stock undisclosed wealth, rather than for transactions. However, RBI data show that currency notes of these two denominations make up over 80% of the total currency in circulation. Therefore, unless a very large proportion of money in circulation lies permanently as stocks, the demonetisation can also be expected to have a significant immediate effect on that part of the economy which relies mainly on cash transactions. 
The size of India’s cash economy is not exactly known but, given the large proportion of workers in informal sectors, it is unlikely to be less than half the total economy. We can, therefore, expect an immediate contraction of this part of the economy in the next two days and with the effect stretching over a longer period of time, although diminishing over time. Whatever its long-term positive effects, those depending on cash whether for daily wages or as payments for goods or services they sell are likely to be in for tough times in the coming days. In the long term as well, all that this does is partially eliminate some black money stocks without undoing the processes that lead to black money creation.",0
13322,Homage to the MiG 15 [1 hour 8 minute video],"MiG 15: The plane that panicked the West 
Mikhail Gurevich, Artëm Mikoyan 

Your translating contributing editor needed a break. Then the thought: Fort Russ readers need a break too! Sit back, click on the video below. Enjoy!  

-- Tom Winter 


After the credits (at 43:57) and the interview with the North Korean defector, a newsreel “We Flew the MiG” begins at 56:56. 

     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
13323,‘Dangerously' Thin YouTube Star Has Teen Fans BEGGING Her to Turn Off the Camera and Get Help,"Share on Twitter 
YouTube sensation Eugenia Cooney is being slammed by many of her near 900,000 fans for “negatively influencing” followers with her frail frame. 
In fact, a Change.org petition was recently created to temporarily ban Cooney from YouTube due to her thinness “triggering her fan base.” 
The petition has garnered over 9,000 signatures and explains that it wasn't created to insult her, rather, people are hoping she takes a break from YouTube to get the help she needs. 
It reads , in part: 
""Eugenia Cooney has a serious medical condition and needs to seek help. She has been influencing her viewers by her serious underweight condition. She has not been getting better since the day she started YouTube, she's getting more and more sick each day. And it's honestly like she does this bodily harm to herself and shows young girls, such as her viewers on social media that it is 'okay', to be suffering from a medical condition such as Anorexia-Nervosa. It is physically & medically to be that skinny without denying treatment such as she does. She has not got any treatment. And is triggering her fan base. 
She may not be intentionally influencing her viewers, but showing more than 50% of her body in her videos and pictures are not helping girls with Anorexia or any eating disorder."" A photo posted by Eugenia Cooney (@eugeniacooney) on Sep 23, 2016 at 6:24pm PDT 
What's more heartbreaking is the fact nearly all comments on her YouTube videos and social media pages are negative. 
Here are just a few of the jabs made at Cooney on her most recent video, uploaded October 26th: 
“I just realized she can't make her thighs touch no matter how hard she tries.” 
“She's so skinny her butt cheeks don't even touch each other.” 
“No...just, no. I'm sorry but I can't look at you anymore. You need help! You're actually scaring me!” 
“Wow! That's the most realistic skeleton costume ever!” 
Cooney responded to the negative comments last week in a video title, “I'm Sorry.” She explained that she's used to getting a lot of hate on the Internet, but lately, it seems like she's upsetting a lot of people: 
“It really sucks, a lot, to feel like a lot of the Internet really hates you.” A photo posted by Eugenia Cooney (@eugeniacooney) on Oct 18, 2016 at 9:28am PDT 
Cooney added in the description box the following statement: 
""I just wanted to make this because I'm really sorry to everyone who is angry or upset with me and I'm really not trying to do anything wrong! I've never tried to influence anyone badly and I never encourage people to try to look like me or to look like anyone so that's why I'm making this video since some people are saying that about me which can be really upsetting. 
I love you guys and everyone who does support me and who is nice on here, you guys mean so much to me! I just wish people would be less hateful and be more positive and everyone who is positive you guys are so great. Thank you to the people who care about me though, I definitely am fine and am not dead or anything like that! Haha I love you guys!"" 
According to the Change.org petition , her fan base consists of primarily 12- to 21-year-olds, who allegedly “thrive” on photos of her thin body. A photo posted by Eugenia Cooney (@eugeniacooney) on Aug 24, 2016 at 12:33pm PDT 
Erin Hillard, program manager of the University of Notre Dame’s Body Image and Eating Disorder Lab, told Yahoo Beauty that even if she's not intentionally “promoting” her lifestyle, her audience is likely seeking to emulate her look: 
“We know that media images have the power to influence girls’ eating behaviors and feelings about their body, and it does seem as though YouTube is more and more becoming another form of media that pushes products and lifestyles on young girls. I think it’s reasonable to be concerned that viewing her channel could have a negative impact on girls who may already be struggling with body image issues. The life of a YouTube celebrity is often presented as very glamorous and fabulous, and young girls may look up to that and think that Eugenia’s appearance is something they should be striving for to achieve her level of success.” A photo posted by Eugenia Cooney (@eugeniacooney) on Oct 25, 2016 at 4:02pm PDT 
Researchers at the National Institute of Mental Health found eating disorders frequently occur during teenage years, with women 2.5 times more likely to suffer from eating disorders than their male counterparts. ",0
13324,Ars Technica: ’Russian Hacking’ Report Underwhelms,"Dan Goodin of Ars Technica writes that the   report on Russian hacking in 2016 “provides almost no new evidence to support the Obama Administration’s claims Russia attempted to interfere with the US electoral process. ”[From Ars Technica:  Talk about disappointments. The US government’s   analysis of   hacking operations provides almost none of the promised evidence linking them to breaches that the Obama administration claims were orchestrated in an attempt to interfere with the 2016 presidential election. The   report, which was jointly published Thursday by the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI, billed itself as an indictment of sorts that would finally lay out the intelligence community’s case that Russian government operatives carried out hacks on the Democratic National Committee, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, and Clinton Campaign Chief John Podesta and leaked much of the resulting material. While security companies in the private sector have said for months the hacking campaign was the work of people working for the Russian government, anonymous people tied to the leaks have claimed they are lone wolves. Many independent security experts said there was little way to know the true origins of the attacks. Sadly, the JAR, as the Joint Analysis Report is called, does little to end the debate. Instead of providing smoking guns that the Russian government was behind specific hacks, it largely restates previous   claims without providing any support for their validity. Even worse, it provides an effective bait and switch by promising newly declassified intelligence into Russian hackers’ “tradecraft and techniques” and instead delivering generic methods carried out by just about all   hacking groups. Read the rest of the story here.",0
13325,Peter Doig Says He Didn’t Paint This. Now He Has to Prove It. - The New York Times,"O. K. Peter Doig may have tried LSD a few times when he was growing up in Canada during the 1970s. But he still knows, he said, when a painting is or isn’t his. So when Mr. Doig, whose eerie, magical landscapes have made him one of the world’s most popular artists, was sent a photograph of a canvas he said he didn’t recognize, he disavowed it. “I said, ‘Nice painting,’” he recalled in an interview. “‘Not by me. ’” The owner, however, disagreed and sued him, setting up one of the stranger art authentication cases in recent history. The owner, a former corrections officer who said he knew Mr. Doig while working in a Canadian detention facility, said the famous painter indeed created the work as a youthful inmate there. His suit contends that Mr. Doig is either confused or lying and that his denials blew up a plan to sell the work for millions of dollars. But Mr. Doig, 57, has compelling evidence he was never near the facility, the Thunder Bay Correctional Center, about 15 hours north of Toronto. “This case is a scam, and I’m being forced to jump through hoops to prove my whereabouts over 40 years ago,” he said. To Mr. Doig’s surprise, though  —   and the astonishment of others in the art world  —   a federal judge in Chicago has set the case for trial next month at United States District Court for Northern Illinois. Art law experts say they can’t recall anything like it, certainly not for a major artist like Mr. Doig. “To have to disprove that you created a work seems somehow wrong and not fair,” said Amy M. Adler, a professor at New York University Law School. The stakes are high as well. A Doig painting has sold for more than $25 million. Other works have routinely sold at auction for as much as $10 million. The plaintiffs, who include the correction officer and the art dealer who agreed to help him sell the work, are suing the painter for at least $5 million in damages and seek a court declaration that it is authentic. They have focused on what they say is a hole in Mr. Doig’s teenage years in Canada when, they assert, he cannot fully account for where he was or what he was doing. “Every artist has destroyed work,” said William F. Zieske, the lawyer for the painting’s owner and the art dealer. “We can’t really get into his mind and say why he looked at this painting and said, ‘I am not going to own that.’ I don’t think anyone can. ” Disputes about authenticity, a vexatious topic in the art world, tend to center on the works of dead artists. Legal claims, when they arise, are usually made against experts who have doubted the art’s veracity, and not against the artist. But Mr. Doig is not the first artist to deny having created a work and still be challenged. Picasso denied painting a work attributed to him, “Erotic Scene” (known as “La Douleur,” or “The Pain”). (The Metropolitan Museum, which was given it, however, did some research and thinks it’s clearly his.) Similarly, Gilbert Stuart denied having painted the portrait of George Washington that hangs in the East Room of the White House. The White House says it’s his. Neither man, however, was sued for rejecting the work. When artists have been sued, it has been in cases in which they disavowed works because they said they had been altered. In 2012, for example, a collector sued Cady Noland, an American conceptual sculptor, after she disavowed a work, “Cowboys Milking,” because, she said, it had been damaged. In her defense, Ms. Noland invoked a 1990 law called the Visual Artists Rights Act. It gives artists powers to, among other things, prevent their names from being used on works that have been mutilated or distorted. The retired corrections officer, Robert Fletcher, 62, said he bought the painting for $100 from a man named Pete Doige (spelled with an e) whom he met in 1975 in Thunder Bay, Ontario. The young man he knew was taking art classes at a local college, Lakehead University, and said he was, like Mr. Doig, from Scotland. After the man was incarcerated on an LSD charge at a prison farm where Mr. Fletcher worked, Mr. Fletcher saw the young artist create the painting, an untitled acrylic canvas of a rocky desert scene. The painting is signed “Pete Doige 76. ” “I am 100 percent convinced that this is the man and that this is the painting I own,” Mr. Fletcher said in an interview. He became the young man’s parole officer and also helped him find a job through the Seafarers International Union. He said he bought the painting because he feared Mr. Doige might go back to selling drugs. About five years ago, a friend noticed the painting on Mr. Fletcher’s wall and told him it was by a famous artist. When Mr. Fletcher pulled up a video and watched Mr. Doig speaking at a college, he said, he recognized his facial expressions and mannerisms, and now feels let down by someone he believes he helped, and wants to be proved right. Mr. Fletcher, who lives in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, consigned it to a gallery in Chicago on the recommendation of his brother, who lives there. The gallery, run by Peter Bartlow, contacted an auctioneer, hoping no doubt for a payday similar to those achieved by several recent Doig sales. Mr. Fletcher and Mr. Bartlow said the painting contains many similarities to Mr. Doig’s undisputed works, such as a horizontal striped landscape, a body of water, logs protruding from a lake, even white lichen on the trees. A Sotheby’s specialist, to whom they sent an image of the picture, said it was “rare to see such a complete and highly resolved early painting by Doig” and said it had Mr. Doig’s “trademark eeriness of the empty landscape,” though she later said she never inspected it firsthand and did not authenticate it, according to court papers. “There are so many of defendant Doig’s commonly used techniques and elements in the disputed work that it could be the most typical of all of his works,” Mr. Fletcher and Mr. Bartlow say in court papers. Mr. Doig, however, said they are taking advantage of the similarity in two people’s names so as to profit from a   tale. Yes, he grew up in Canada before attending art school in England. But in 1976 he was only 16 or 17, and lived in Toronto. He has never been to Thunder Bay, he said, and was never incarcerated. He denies there are similarities to his own works. “I did not begin to paint on canvas until late 1979. (Before that, I had done some pencil and ink drawings on paper),” he said in court papers. Never to this day, he said in an interview, has he used acrylic paint on canvas. “If I had painted that painting when I was 16, I would admit it. ” Mr. Doig and his lawyers say they have identified the real artist, a man named Peter Edward Doige. He died in 2012, but his sister said he had attended Lakehead University, served time in Thunder Bay and painted. “I believe that Mr. Fletcher is mistaken and that he actually met my brother, Peter, who I believe did this painting,” the sister, Marilyn Doige Bovard, said in a court declaration. She said the work’s desert scene appeared to show the area in Arizona where her mother moved after a divorce and where her brother spent some time. She recognized, she said, the saguaro cactus in the painting. The prison’s former art teacher recognized a photograph of Ms. Bovard’s brother as a man who had been in his class and said he had watched him paint the painting, according to the teacher’s affidavit. Mr. Fletcher and Mr. Bartlow have no record of Mr. Doig being imprisoned in Thunder Bay, but they said that’s because he was a minor and his records were probably expunged, or paperwork was just lost. (In June, The New York Times asked the Ontario authorities to search their records in an effort to come up with conclusive evidence. They were able to easily search only records going back as far as 1985 a deeper search would take more than six weeks.) Mr. Doig plans to present his own set of records, school documents, correspondence, photos and testimony to demonstrate, he said, that he never attended Lakehead University and that during the months in 1975 and 1976, when he is said to have created the painting, he actually was in Toronto or working on oil rigs in western Canada or traveling outside the country. He asked the judge to dismiss the case, arguing that he should not be tried in Illinois. But Judge Gary Feinerman of United States District Court decided in April this was a dispute that could be resolved only at trial. “The presence of the Lakehead and the Seafarers records for Doige, but not for Doig, certainly favors Doig,” Judge Feinerman said in his decision. “There is no doubt about that. But it’s not strong enough evidence, given all of the evidence in the record,” the judge said, to eliminate any chance that Doig “was not the person at Thunder Bay who was the author of the painting. ” Mr. Bartlow said that, at first, he thought Mr. Doig disowned the painting because he was embarrassed by that period in his life. But Mr. Doig has never denied his association with past drug use. Some of his paintings have been inspired, in part, by LSD. Now, Mr. Bartlow said he thinks the artist refuses to acknowledge the painting because it shows he has been using similar formulaic compositions for four decades. Mr. Bartlow has made dozens of videos to demonstrate his case, some posted on YouTube. He financed some of the costs of bringing suit by soliciting contributions from about six or seven private contacts, with whom he promised to share some of any payouts. “There is no question that Peter Doig painted the painting,” he said. “You see the outline of our painting in his other works. ” Both sides plan to call experts to debate this point. The   process is a stressful distraction for an artist at the peak of his talents, said Gordon VeneKlasen, Mr. Doig’s dealer at Michael Werner Gallery in New York. “This has become about much more than Peter’s painting,” Mr. VeneKlasen said. “It’s about authorship. It’s about being forced to put your name on another artist’s work. ” In a statement, he went further: “In our case, the artist and dealer have the resources to carry on this fight, but I wonder about all the artists who might not. Do they simply acquiesce and let inauthentic works into the market if they are the product of a similar attempt at bullying and rampant greed?” To win, art lawyers say, Mr. Fletcher and his advisers will have to persuade the judge that the painting is real. But even if the court favors Mr. Fletcher, it could be a hollow victory. Since the artist himself and the dealer who represents him say it’s not a Doig, the art market is unlikely to assign much value to it, art experts said. A decision against Mr. Doig, and any costly award for damages, would nevertheless probably send a shock wave through the art world. “It would,” said Nicholas M. O’Donnell, a Boston art lawyer who has no role in the case, “put all artists in the cross hairs. ”",0
13326,"Inside The Invisible Government: War, Propaganda, Clinton & Trump","License DMCA The American journalist, Edward Bernays, is often described as the man who invented modern propaganda. The nephew of Sigmund Freud, the pioneer of psycho-analysis, it was Bernays who coined the term ""public relations"" as a euphemism for spin and its deceptions. In 1929, he persuaded feminists to promote cigarettes for women by smoking in the New York Easter Parade -- behavior then considered outlandish. One feminist, Ruth Booth, declared, ""Women! Light another torch of freedom! Fight another sex taboo!"" Bernays' influence extended far beyond advertising. His greatest success was his role in convincing the American public to join the slaughter of the First World War. The secret, he said, was ""engineering the consent"" of people in order to ""control and regiment [them] according to our will without their knowing about it."" 
He described this as ""the true ruling power in our society"" and called it an ""invisible government."" Today, the invisible government has never been more powerful and less understood. In my career as a journalist and film-maker, I have never known propaganda to insinuate our lives and as it does now and to go unchallenged. Imagine two cities. Both are under siege by the forces of the government of that country. Both cities are occupied by fanatics, who commit terrible atrocities, such as beheading people. - Advertisement - 
But there is a vital difference. In one siege, the government soldiers are described as liberators by Western reporters embedded with them, who enthusiastically report their battles and air strikes. There are front page pictures of these heroic soldiers giving a V-sign for victory. There is scant mention of civilian casualties. In the second city -- in another country nearby -- almost exactly the same is happening. Government forces are laying siege to a city controlled by the same breed of fanatics. The difference is that these fanatics are supported, supplied and armed by ""us"" -- by the United States and Britain. They even have a media center that is funded by Britain and America. Another difference is that the government soldiers laying siege to this city are the bad guys, condemned for assaulting and bombing the city -- which is exactly what the good soldiers do in the first city. Confusing? Not really. Such is the basic double standard that is the essence of propaganda. I am referring, of course, to the current siege of the city of Mosul by the government forces of Iraq, who are backed by the United States and Britain and to the siege of Aleppo by the government forces of Syria, backed by Russia. One is good; the other is bad. - Advertisement - What is seldom reported is that both cities would not be occupied by fanatics and ravaged by war if Britain and the United States had not invaded Iraq in 2003. That criminal enterprise was launched on lies strikingly similar to the propaganda that now distorts our understanding of the civil war in Syria. Without this drumbeat of propaganda dressed up as news, the monstrous ISIS and Al-Qaida and al-Nusra and the rest of the jihadist gang might not exist, and the people of Syria might not be fighting for their lives today. Some may remember in 2003 a succession of BBC reporters turning to the camera and telling us that Blair was ""vindicated"" for what turned out to be the crime of the century. The US television networks produced the same validation for George W. Bush. Fox News brought on Henry Kissinger to effuse over Colin Powell's fabrications. The same year, soon after the invasion, I filmed an interview in Washington with Charles Lewis, the renowned American investigative journalist. I asked him, ""What would have happened if the freest media in the world had seriously challenged what turned out to be crude propaganda?""",0
13327,Devices That Deserve to Go Along on Vacation - The New York Times,"CHILDREN are usually forced to pick just one or two of their beloved stuffed animals to take with them on summer vacation. Adults should consider doing the same with their electronic devices. You don’t want to weigh down your travel bag with gear you will barely use. And you probably should leave your more expensive gadgets at home, unless you want to become a target for muggers. What to do? My personal packing starts with devices that are compact and lightweight. The price tag should not exceed $500, and if my smartphone can capably perform a task, I don’t bother with something that does the same thing. Here is a guide to products that I have found useful on an airplane, in a rental car, in a hotel, in an Airbnb house rental and outdoors, or traveling overseas. I have tested all of the items in the last few years, and some of them were purchased through The Wirecutter, a product recommendations website and creative partner of The New York Times. This happens too often: After cramming into your airplane seat, you shut your eyes to relax and a baby starts screaming behind you. You need a media device to drown out the noise with music or a movie. My favorite media tablet for travel is the Apple iPad Mini, which starts at $399 (though I would buy the $499 model for the extra storage). Its compact size makes it easier to rest on an airplane tray. Because it is a multifunctional tablet, you can choose from a host of distractions, such as reading a book and playing a mobile game. (In other words, leave your Kindle at home.) For watching videos on a tablet, SeaGate’s wireless portable hard drive, which costs $100, may also be worth stowing in your   luggage. Ahead of your trip, you can load movies and other media onto the hard drive, and the drive creates its own   network to stream movies to your iPad. As for earphones, I will skip recommending a fancy pair of earbuds  —   just another small, valuable item to lose on a trip. The earbuds that came with your smartphone, like the Apple EarPods, should sufficiently drown out the noise. Most hotels include cable television, but after channel surfing for a few hours, you will realize that the only movies that ever seem to air are “Total Recall” and “The Shawshank Redemption. ” Chances are you will be aching for the variety of programs you could get from streaming services like Netflix, Hulu and HBO. So I would pack Roku’s new Streaming Stick, which is the size of a thumb drive, making it easy to stow in a travel pouch. One major bonus of the Roku stick is a feature called Hotel  Dorm Connect. It bypasses an obstacle in many hotels  —   the requirement that you log into their   networks through a web page  —   by letting you enter the credentials through your smartphone browser. Another common headache in a hotel is finding enough outlets to charge multiple gadgets. Anker’s   USB wall charger can be plugged into a single outlet to charge four USB devices at the same time. The most annoying part of renting a car is all the upsells, particularly the extra fee for a GPS device and a mount  —   as if your smartphone did not provide maps already. The best solution is to pack your own smartphone car mount. TechMatte’s MagGrip CD Slot, which costs only $11, is a fantastic travel companion on trips with lots of driving. The mount holds your phone with a magnet you put a magnet sticker on your smartphone case, so mounting your phone is as simple as tapping the back of the phone on top of the magnet. What’s more, because the MagGrip hooks up to an unused CD player slot, the phone doesn’t block your view of the road. As for playing music from your phone, I recommend packing a standard audio jack that connects a smartphone with a stereo system, like the $5 audio cable from Amazon. When renting a house on Airbnb or a similar site like HomeAway, the situation may be different from a hotel if a large group and a kitchen are involved. This may sound odd, but I have found it extremely useful to pack a sous vide precision cooker on Airbnb trips. First, a primer: A sous vide cooker heats water to a precise temperature you seal food like steaks and salmon into plastic bags and immerse them in the water to cook them evenly at that temperature. The $199 Anova Precision Cooker, recommended by our technology columnist Farhad Manjoo, is slim enough to store in a weekender bag. Anova’s cooker also includes a bracket so that the device can be easily mounted to your Airbnb host’s cooking pot  —   meaning all you probably need to pack are the cooker and some   bags. The benefit of bringing along a sous vide cooker is the amount of time it frees up for you to enjoy other activities instead of paying attention to your food. Imagine going hiking for three hours and returning to a perfectly cooked   beef roast. It beats going to a restaurant. When you’re outside, you don’t need much technology other than a camera. Assuming you bought a smartphone in the last few years, don’t bother packing an extra camera like a GoPro  —   that’s just extra space and another power cable to carry around. Instead, if you’re going to be in the water kayaking or splashing around at the beach, consider a waterproof smartphone case like LifeProof’s Fre, which fits snugly around an iPhone to protect it from water without making it look ugly. If you are the type who enjoys drowning out the sounds of nature with music, the $100 Roll from Ultimate Ears, which I recommended last holiday season, continues to be my favorite wireless portable speaker. It has a slim disk shape, making it easy to pack in a travel pouch, and includes a bungee cord for strapping it onto a lawn chair or bench. Plus, it’s waterproof. Earlier this year, I wrote a guide on taking your smartphone abroad while traveling, which involved unlocking it and buying foreign SIM cards. Some readers encouraged me to also mention Google’s Project Fi, which is offered in more than 120 countries and charges the same rate no matter where you are: $20 a month for unlimited minutes and text messages and $10 per gigabyte of data. In my testing of Google Fi for a few weeks, I found that the service offered robust coverage comparable to that of traditional wireless carriers. However, there are caveats: Google Fi is available only on a small number of Android phones, and in foreign countries, the data speeds are capped. I recommend a Google Fi phone, with prices starting at $199 on Google’s webpage, for people who frequently travel abroad. But for those who seldom go overseas, it is more practical to use a foreign SIM card with your own phone. Also when traveling abroad, your smartphone battery is going to be struggling because of all the pictures you take. For iPhones, I recommend Apple’s $99 Smart Battery Case  —   it offers enough power to keep your phone running all day. You can also charge it with the Lightning cable included with iPhones, so you will have one fewer power cable to pack. For Androids, the AmazonBasics Portable Power Bank is an excellent battery pack.",0
13329,Hillary Clinton Surprises by Attending Pride Parade in New York - The New York Times,"It is difficult to surprise at New York City’s pride parade  —   that pulsing kaleidoscope of pink unicorn horns and rainbow undergarments, bejeweled miniature dogs and   revelers who seemed to have misplaced their shoes. But around 1:45 p. m. Sunday, beneath a virtually cloudless sky, something was afoot on Christopher Street. Lights flashed. Officers stirred. Sirens pierced the Cher soundtrack wafting over Greenwich Village. Soon, a van door opened. “Hillaryyyyyyyyy!” someone hollered from the sidewalk. And so began a very   chase along the city’s foremost corridor of gay rights. For four blocks or so  —   beginning steps from the Stonewall Inn, the nexus of the modern gay rights movement  —   Hillary Clinton led a mayor, a governor, a phalanx of aides, a crush of reporters and several beleaguered security personnel on a   stroll. It was an unannounced appearance for Mrs. Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, two weeks after the massacre at Pulse, a gay nightclub in Orlando. The tragedy colored the proceedings across several floats and marching groups, lurking like an unwelcome guest. Some attendees dressed in white, with the names and faces of victims displayed on placards hanging from their necks. “We Are Orlando,” a sign read. “One Pulse,” said another. Mrs. Clinton did not speak at the event, smiling and waving and occasionally venturing to the police barricades to shake hands. But her presence resonated, attendees said, communicating a measure of solidarity in a wrenching moment. “It was a nonverbal confirmation of her support,” said Micah Feinberg, 35. Women with rainbow leis around their necks reached for her. Residents overhead pointed cellphones from their open windows. A large rainbow flag flapped against a fire escape. “She’s right here,” a woman said, to no one in particular. “Right here. ” When Mrs. Clinton, moving west, reached Bleecker Street, a group rained confetti from a rooftop. “The next president of the United States!” shouted a man with a microphone. “Make some  . ” Mrs. Clinton waved toward another guest in a rainbow   bathing suit. Moments later, as a “Hillary” chant began to build, she stopped to acknowledge the crowd. Throughout the walk, she was joined by a horde of dignitaries eager to share in her spotlight. These included Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio, who remain engaged in a protracted feud, and the Rev. Al Sharpton, who quickly positioned himself beside Mrs. Clinton and took care not to relinquish his perch. By about 2 p. m. Mrs. Clinton was hustled into a waiting vehicle, waving once more before heading for a flight to Indiana. (In a speech there hours later, she addressed Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, arguing it reaffirmed the need for “steady, experienced leadership” in the presidential race.) Paradegoers remained tickled by her   cameo. “I saw her and was completely dumbfounded,” said Kelsey Roberts, 28, an engineer who said Mrs. Clinton was an inspiration to her in a   field. Mrs. Clinton has marched in the parade before, participating as far back as 2000 during her run for the United States Senate. Her appearance on Sunday came as her Republican opponent, Donald J. Trump, continues to make the case that he is the true champion of gay rights in the presidential race. In the wake of the Orlando shooting, Mr. Trump has said he is the candidate most able to keep gay and lesbian Americans safe from hate crimes. While Mrs. Clinton remains likely to command the vast majority of support from gay voters, she has had a complicated history with gay rights. As secretary of state, she focused often on international gay rights, urging countries to accept gays and lesbians during a 2011 speech in Geneva. She has since denounced Russia’s treatment of lesbians, gay men, bisexuals and transgender people, and in March 2013, she endorsed   marriage both “personally and as a matter of policy and law. ” But while much of Mrs. Clinton’s donor base includes gay and lesbian supporters, some have questioned the deliberate pace of her evolution. There are also old wounds from her husband’s administration, which enacted the military policy of “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” and the Defense of Marriage Act barring federal recognition of   marriages. Mrs. Clinton inspired fresh criticism this year after the death of Nancy Reagan, mistakenly praising Mrs. Reagan’s “  advocacy” concerning H. I. V.  despite the Reagans’ lengthy public silence on the disease. Mrs. Clinton quickly apologized. The crowd on Sunday included a handful of skeptics. “She did it strictly so that we would relate the image of her with the image of pride,” said Lexi Avidani, 24, from Long Island. “And she doesn’t support it. ” Most, though, were more effusive. Wearing a shirt that read, “SPOILER ALERT: HILLARY WINS,” Matt McDermott, 26, marveled at the progress of gay civil rights. “A year ago, we passed marriage equality in the Supreme Court, and a year later, a major party nominee is walking in the pride parade in New York,” he said. “So things change quickly. ” Loretta Tassotti, 55, said Mrs. Clinton’s gesture demonstrated that she was “not afraid. ” “This is not a Trump kind of party,” she added. Ms. Roberts, the engineer, suggested the significance ran deeper. The Orlando victims were so young, she said, that it was essential for presidential candidates to participate in the grief. Ms. Roberts looked out again on the parade route, where a collection of mourners drew near. She reconsidered the question of Mrs. Clinton’s appearance. “How could you not come?” she asked.",0
13330,EgyptAir Flight Believed to Have Crashed at Sea Egypt Cites Possible Terrorism - The New York Times,"CAIRO  —   The EgyptAir   from Paris to Cairo, an Airbus A320 jetliner less than half full, had just entered Egyptian airspace early Thursday on the final part of its journey. Suddenly the   jetliner jerked hard to the left, then hard to the right, circled and plunged 28, 000 feet, disappearing from the radar screens of Greek and Egyptian air traffic controllers. That began a day of emergency rescuers scrambling, officials issuing conflicting information and experts speculating about the fate of EgyptAir Flight 804, which carried at least 66 people from roughly a dozen nations and was presumed to have crashed into the Mediterranean Sea. EgyptAir initially said wreckage of the plane had been found with the help of searchers from Greece, but a senior official of the airline speaking on CNN retracted that assertion hours later. Egyptian officials suggested that terrorism was a more likely cause for the disappearance than mechanical failure, but others cautioned that it was premature to make that judgment. The loss of the flight was the second civilian aviation disaster to hit Egypt in the past seven months. It resurrected fears and speculation about the safety and security of Egyptian aviation, which has a history of lapses  —   as well as the specter of a security breach in Paris, where the plane took off. The mystery of the plane’s demise also raised broader questions about the vulnerability of civilian air travel to terrorism. Flight 804 went missing against the backdrop of threats from militant extremist groups like the Islamic State and Al Qaeda, with networks linking Europe to the Middle East. By Thursday evening, no group had claimed responsibility. With differing reports about precisely what wreckage had been discovered, President Abdel Fattah   of Egypt ordered the armed forces to “take all measures necessary” to find the remains of the plane, his office said in a statement. The statement also said work had begun immediately “to unravel the circumstances surrounding the disappearance of the Egyptian aircraft and establish its causes. ” As news of the missing plane spread in Cairo, relatives of those aboard rushed to the airport, some overcome with grief and anger over the lack of information. “Pray for them,” said a relative of a flight attendant who had just married. “We don’t know anything. ” Earlier in the day, Egypt’s civil aviation minister, Sherif Fathi, acknowledged at a news conference that the cause might have been terrorism. Mr. Fathi said that “if you analyze the situation properly,” the possibility of “having a terror attack is higher than the possibility” of technical failure. EgyptAir said the pilot and   had nearly 9, 000 hours of flying time between them. Officials from the Interior Ministry and Cairo Airport described them as experienced fliers with no known political affiliations. The jetliner departed Paris at 11:09 p. m. on Wednesday. The pilot spoke to Greek air traffic controllers at 2:26 a. m. and nothing seemed out of the ordinary, officials said. Three or four minutes later, the plane made its last normal radar contact. At 2:37 a. m. shortly after entering Egyptian airspace, the plane made a   turn to the left and then a full circle to the right, first plunging to 15, 000 feet from 37, 000 feet and then to 9, 000 feet. At that point it disappeared from radar, the Greek defense minister, Panos Kammenos, said at a news conference on Thursday afternoon. There was also conflicting information about precisely how many passengers Flight 804 was carrying  —   66 or 69. EgyptAir said early in the day that 56 passengers were aboard, along with seven crew members, and three members of airline security personnel. But three infants also were reported to have been aboard and it was unclear if they had been counted. At least 30 of the passengers were from Egypt, according to the airline, with others from Algeria, Belgium, Britain, Canada, Chad, France, Iraq, Kuwait, Portugal, Saudi Arabia and Sudan. The aircraft was delivered to EgyptAir in November 2003 and had accumulated 48, 000 hours of flying time, according to data compiled by Flightradar24, an aviation website. Such aircraft are typically built to last 30 or 40 years, and there was no indication anything was mechanically amiss. But the aircraft’s North Africa itinerary in the previous two days was possibly more worrisome. Flightradar24 data showed it had flown round trips between Cairo and Asmara, Eritrea, and between Cairo and Tunis before going to Paris. American and European officials have expressed concerns about security gaps in North African airports. Officials in Egypt, who have been under intense scrutiny since a bomb brought down a Russian airliner over the Sinai Peninsula in October, killing all 224 people on board, declined to describe the events as a crash. The aviation minister’s quick acknowledgment that terrorism might be a cause this time was in stark contrast to the government’s handling of the loss of the Russian airliner, which Egyptian officials had insisted for months could not have been the result of terrorism. The French president, François Hollande, after speaking by telephone with President Sisi of Egypt, also raised the possibility of terrorism. “The information that we have been able to gather  —   the prime minister, the members of the government, and, of course, the Egyptian authorities  —   unfortunately confirm for us that this plane crashed at sea and has been lost,” Mr. Hollande said at the Élysée Palace. Mr. Hollande said that “no hypothesis was being ruled out,” and that search teams from France, Greece and Egypt were hoping to recover “debris that would enable us to know the truth. ” He added, “When we have the truth, we must draw all the conclusions, whether it is an accident or another hypothesis, which everybody has in mind: the terrorist hypothesis. ” Security at Charles de Gaulle Airport outside Paris, where Flight 804 departed, was tightened after the terrorist attacks in and around the French capital in November, and scrutiny of passengers and luggage was also stepped up in the wake of the bombing of Brussels Airport in March. President Obama was briefed by Lisa O. Monaco, his adviser for homeland security and counterterrorism, and the administration offered “support and assistance,” the White House said in a statement. Administration officials said it was too early to say what had caused the plane to vanish. But they said they were sharing information from a terrorist watch list as well as other data with Egyptian, French and other investigators. EgyptAir said the last radar contact with the plane had been about 2:30 a. m. when it was 175 miles off the Egyptian coast. (Greek officials put the last radar contact at a minute earlier.) At 3:14 a. m. the Greek authorities began a search operation, deploying a   military transport plane. At 4:26 a. m.  —   nearly two hours after the last radar contact  —   the plane emitted a signal, although it was not clear whether that was an emergency distress signal sent by a crew member or an automated signal from the plane’s onboard computers. “We don’t know if the pilot had something to do with this or if it is just the plane sending it,” said Ihab Raslan, a spokesman for the Egyptian Civil Aviation Ministry. In the October crash of the Russian jetliner, the plane broke up in midair 23 minutes after takeoff from the Red Sea resort city of Sharm el Sheikh. The Islamic State, whose local affiliate is fighting the Egyptian military in the Sinai Peninsula, claimed that it had brought down the plane, an Airbus  . The crash dealt a crippling blow to Egypt’s tourism industry, which had already declined sharply in recent years. It also helped precipitate a decline in the value of the Egyptian currency in recent months. Russia and Britain have suspended flights to Sharm el Sheikh since the crash. The Egyptian investigation has yet to officially identify the cause. But President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and Mr. Sisi discussed the resumption of flights in a telephone call on May 10, according to a statement from the Kremlin. The last major crash involving an EgyptAir plane occurred in 2002, when a Boeing 737 traveling from Cairo struck a hill near the Tunis airport, killing 18 of the 62 people on board. In March, a hijacker wearing a fake explosives vest diverted an EgyptAir domestic flight to Cyprus, but a standoff ended with his arrest and no injuries. The Cypriot authorities later described the man, Seif Eldin Mustafa, as “psychologically disturbed. ” He is currently battling extradition to Egypt. Egypt has come under criticism in the past for its lack of transparency in aviation accidents. In 1999, an EgyptAir flight crashed into the Atlantic Ocean shortly after takeoff from New York, killing all 217 on board. Although American investigators concluded that the   had steered the airplane into the sea, Egypt rejected the idea of suicide and still insists that the crash was caused by an unspecified mechanical failure.",0
13331,"Tomi Lahren: Young, Vocal and the Right’s Rising Media Star - The New York Times","“I’m in the lion’s den, Trevor. ” Tomi Lahren, a    conservative commentator, had left her bubble of more than 4. 3 million followers on social media last week to appear in front of the progressive, diverse audience that attends the weeknight tapings of “The Daily Show With Trevor Noah” in Manhattan. Before the interview began, Mr. Noah requested that the studio audience be polite to Ms. Lahren. “Imagine you’re at Thanksgiving again, and your racist uncle walked in,” he joked. Ms. Lahren hosts a nightly show, “Tomi,” for The Blaze, a website, TV station and subscription service created by the conservative media personality Glenn Beck. And her reputation  —   among supporters, detractors and her prodigious online following  —   has been built on the commentaries with which she closes each show. A segment from August featuring an incendiary address to the San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick has been watched on Facebook 66 million times. Ms. Lahren criticized Mr. Kaepernick, who had been protesting racial oppression by kneeling during the national anthem before games, pointing at unemployment and homicide rates, and saying that black people should take responsibility for their communities being run “into the ground. ” Ms. Lahren has also been critical of prominent black people like President Obama and Beyoncé in commentaries that have gone viral. During the presidential campaign, she became one of the most visible young supporters of   Donald J. Trump, saying that she was using her show to speak for those who live between the coasts and “are too timid or too bashful or too busy to voice their own opinion. ” It is an approach that has made her a new media star, while also drawing the ire of critics who say her commentaries are often racist. Brendesha Tynes, a professor at the University of Southern California who specializes in addressing social media issues and cyberbullying, initially declined to comment on Ms. Lahren’s “Daily Show” appearance, saying, “We normalize racism when we give these folks a platform. ” She later elaborated, saying Ms. Lahren’s appearance “sends a signal to our children and the world that facts don’t matter, that hate is normal. ” It is likely that Ms. Lahren’s audience has little crossover with Mr. Noah’s. Ms. Lahren, whose name is pronounced “Tommy,” seemed unfazed during her   conversation on politics and race with Mr. Noah, even as the audience booed and laughed at her. “There were some people in the audience that were just there to razz me,” she said afterward, adding that she did not think she persuaded anyone in attendance with her arguments. At one point, she compared the Black Lives Matter movement to the Ku Klux Klan. The next day, however, footage from the interview was popular online, prompting headlines like “Trevor Noah Expertly Skewers Conservative Tomi Lahren” from The Huffington Post, and “Trevor Noah Thoughtfully Confronting Tomi Lahren on Racism on ‘The Daily Show’ Might Be His Best Work Ever” from New York magazine. There was speculation that Ms. Lahren and Mr. Noah could develop a friendly sparring relationship not unlike that of Bill O’Reilly and Jon Stewart. Many conservative outlets praised Ms. Lahren’s appearance. A headline on RedFlagNews. com read “Tomi Lahren Enters the Lion’s Den, Takes On Trevor Noah on His Own Show. ” David Dennis Jr. a journalism professor at Morehouse College, was disappointed by reactions to the interview. “People talked about it as if they were exchanging ideas and talking about beliefs  —   like they were debating sports,” he said, asserting that Ms. Lahren’s words “are literally   to black people. ” When she said, for instance, that the Black Lives Matter movement aimed to murder police officers, “people hear that and they believe that, and they see me as a threat,” Mr. Dennis said, citing the death of Trayvon Martin. Ms. Lahren has frequently denied being racist. In interviews with The New York Times last week, she condemned the fringe movement known as the   which espouses white nationalism and   calling it “disgusting,” and said she would never be “an advocate, a cheerleader or an apologist for the K. K. K. or any other hate group. ” Ms. Lahren, an only child born and raised in South Dakota by parents from ranching backgrounds, studied broadcast journalism and political science at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, graduating in 2014. She started working at The Blaze in October 2015, after piquing the network’s interest with a viral video criticizing President Obama. In the interviews, Ms. Lahren spoke about issues that inspire her. There are numerous military veterans in her family, she said, including a grandfather who was a paratrooper in World War II and an uncle who was awarded the Purple Heart during Vietnam. Ms. Lahren spoke passionately about the hardships of being a soldier and of being related to one. She does not call herself spiritual  —   “Spiritual sounds like you worship the grass,” she joked  —   but said she believes in God and prays every night and when she runs, often asking “to be a better person. ” But she also blasted organized religion as being “about hierarchy, power, control and greed. ” Minutes later, she said, “The institution of religion is important. ” She is   and does not object to gay marriage. She curses regularly, and professes to love junk food and the rappers Pusha T and Kendrick Lamar. She enjoys argument as sport and, as evidenced by her appearance with Mr. Noah, can be a talented sparring partner. She testified to her authenticity  —   “People like me because I’m real”  —   but said of Mr. Noah and herself, “We both know that we have to play these parts. ” She mocks liberal “snowflakes” as being overly sensitive to   but says she is bothered when people use the word “retard. ” Ms. Lahren says she is surprised when she meets black fans. Charlamagne Tha God, the host of the New   radio show “The Breakfast Club,” is friendly with her. He does not think Ms. Lahren is racist, but “misinformed,” he said in a phone interview. He enjoys her show, he said, identifying with Ms. Lahren’s “political incorrectness. ” He stressed the importance of Democrats speaking directly to people like her. Still, he said, “I have to remind myself that some of the rhetoric she puts out there is troubling. ” He said that in a recent conversation with Ms. Lahren, he questioned what he saw as her contradictory views. For instance, when he asked why she supported Mr. Trump, given the bigotry of some of his supporters, she said that a few bad apples did not represent the movement. “So you have to have that same respect with the Black Lives Matter movement,” Charlamagne recalled telling her. Ms. Lahren said she was an informal adviser to Mr. Trump’s campaign on its use of social media starting in August, and she appeared on the campaign’s behalf via Facebook Live broadcasts in the final weeks before the election. She has about 3. 5 million followers on Facebook and over 800, 000 cumulatively on Twitter and Instagram. She is open to opportunities beyond The Blaze, including any that might involve Mr. Trump. Mr. Trump’s team did not respond to a request for comment. While Ms. Lahren, a fan of the radio host Howard Stern and the rapper Eminem, often seems to enjoy causing controversy, at other times she is more conciliatory. She expressed hope that “The Daily Show” would show an unfamiliar side. “I find that when people are actually around me, it’s impossible not to like me,” she said. “People expect me to be angry, bitter. They expect to me be abrasive, aggressive. I’m not. ”",0
13332,SHOCK VIDEO : How American Elections are HACKED – TruthFeed,"SHOCK VIDEO : How American Elections are HACKED SHOCK VIDEO : How American Elections are HACKED Videos By Amy Moreno October 31, 2016 
This is an eye-opening, yet disturbing video of how a United States election is hacked. 
From Infowars: 
Black Box Voting, founded in 2003, performs nonpartisan investigative reporting on elections in an attempt to stop vote rigging. 
You may be wondering what the term “black box” means. A “black box” system is non-transparent; its functions are hidden from the public. Elections, of course, should not be black box systems. 
Here is a link to a free copy of the book, Black Box Voting HERE . 
Author Bev Harris became known for groundbreaking work on electronic voting machines, which can remove transparency of the vote count. 
With voting machines, all political power can be converted to the hands of a few anonymous subcontractors: 
This is a powerful video that we URGE you to share. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
13333,Call On President Obama to Terminate F.B.I. Director Comey on November 9,"By Rmuse on Sun, Oct 30th, 2016 at 9:53 pm The F.B.I. has a solemn obligation to remain neutral in political matters; the faintest appearance of using the agency to influence our election is deeply troubling. Share on Twitter Print This Post *The following is an opinion column by R Muse* 
As a nation of laws, the American people should, and most likely do, demand that law enforcement officials hew as closely to the law as humanly possible and that goes double for the country’s largest investigative agency. One thing every American who has ever watched a law enforcement press conference after a crime has occurred understands is that the public never really knows the details of an investigation regardless the severity of the crime or who the suspect is. As an occasional print journalist, this author can attest that asking a police spokesman for details during a press conference about what the police are doing or who they are investigating never fails to get a stern scolding about expecting law enforcement to reveal any facts during an investigation for glaringly obvious reasons. The scold always includes referral to the agency responsible for charging and prosecuting a crime after the investigation is complete and the results are handed over to the local district attorney. 
Apparently, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) director James Comey never got the memo that discussing an investigation publicly is verboten; if for no other reason than to maintain the integrity of said investigation and not hamper a possible prosecution. However, as it turns out Mr. Comey did get “a memo ” from the Department of Justice in the form of a warning . But because he is a law unto himself and his allegiance is to House Republicans and not the Department of Justice, he ignored the DOJ counsel to do a solid for the GOP less than two weeks before a presidential election. 
Since Mr. Comey can’t keep it (investigations) in his pants, or follow long-standing law enforcement and investigative rules, or take heed to Justice Department warnings, it is incumbent on President Barack Obama to summarily fire F.B.I. Director James Comey on the morning of Wednesday, November 9th 2016. Why should President Obama wait until the day after a general election to fire the partisan director of the F.B.I.? So as not to give the appearance of any impropriety or partisanship during a campaign or just prior a presidential election; something FBI director James Comey is apparently incapable of comprehending. 
This incident, just like the one in July when Comey broke precedent and convened a press conference in July, and then publicly testified before Congress to discuss the Bureau’s ongoing investigation is more than just a breach of precedent; it smacks of partisanship for more than one reason. First, as mentioned above, not only did the Department of Justice warn Mr. Comey that it was inappropriate to discuss an ongoing investigation at all, much less so close to an election, that warning came after the F.B.I. contacted the DOJ about going public with information the Bureau admitted it had not yet even “ reviewed .” That was precisely what Comey told his Republican buddies in a letter to Congress. 
In the letter , Comey told congressional Republicans that the F.B.I. really had no clue whether any of the emails were related to Hillary Clinton’s private email server, but what he did “ know ” for sure was that they “ appeared ” to be pertinent; even though his agency, the F.B.I. had not yet examined them. So the real pertinent question is: why did Mr. Comey publicly inform Congress about emails the agency had not yet examined if he wasn’t attempting to inject some ‘ partisan drama ’ into the election that might have deleterious impact on the outcome? 
It is just as pertinent a question as demanding to know from Mr. Comey precisely what his motivation was in holding a press conference back in July to discuss the agency’s finding on an investigation before the DOJ weighed in, or discuss that investigation in public and before a viciously partisan Republican committee in Congress. And no, it was not to defend the Bureau’s decision not to bring criminal charges against Clinton; only a brain-dead moronic imbecile or partisan Republican hack would begin to think that the F.B.I., C.I.A., local sheriff, or any police investigative agency has the ability to bring charges to prosecute a violation. For dog’s sake even the 1960’s fictional sheriff Andy Griffith’s hapless deputy Barney Fife was competent enough to comprehend that a district attorney’s office or Department of Justice is tasked with prosecution any violation of the law. 
According to Mr. Comey, who was “ stung by criticism from both Democrats and Republicans ” as well as former prosecutors and “ appeared to be on the defensive ;” “ he felt obligated to inform [Republicans in] Congress ” even though the Bureau really didn’t “ know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails. ’’ Likely because he knew they did not come from Hillary Clinton. As an aside, Sarah Jones has a nifty summary of the “email” caper the F.B.I. Uncovered while investigating “ serial sexter ” Anthony Weiner’s laptop computer, iPad, and cellphone. And no, Anthony Weiner was not sexting nasty pictures to presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. 
It doesn’t matter what kind of pathetic excuse Comey gave for publicly commenting on an ongoing investigation, it is virtually impossible to believe he didn’t have partisan intents and purposes in publicly alerting House Republicans. As interim chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee, Donna Brazile said, “ The F.B.I. has a solemn obligation to remain neutral in political matters – even the faintest appearance of using the agency’s power to influence our election is deeply troubling .” Ms. Brazile demanded more information from Comey and didn’t conceal her concern over Comey interfering with the election. 
Mr. Comey claimed, very conveniently one might add, that as a died-in-the-wool Republican he contributed to John McCain and Willard Romney’s presidential campaigns in 2008 and 2012 respectively, that he is not a Republican now. That was his remark back in July when he first began breaking precedent and revealing information about an investigation that was the proper purview of the Department of Justice, not the Federal Bureau of Investigation. It was a suspicious “ confession ” in July and it is nearly impossible to believe in late October after he ignored Department of Justice warnings and revealed information about an ongoing investigation into a disgraced former congressman and serial sexter just 11 days before an election and before the Bureau had even reviewed anything. 
Comey cannot possibly remain as head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation after twice revealing information about an ongoing investigation. If Comey hadn’t taken heat for his ‘reveal’ in July, and a warning from the Justice Department this week, then one might just regard him as an inept law enforcement official pulling a publicity stunt for attention. But since he was warned, and is not an inept law enforcement official, it is more than reasonable to believe that Comey’s most recent act was a partisan political ploy that should earn him a summary termination on November 9, 2016. Because firing his partisan personage just prior to the general election would break a longstanding precedent and look like a highly partisan move; something a sap like James Comey might try, but not President Obama.",0
13334,Evidence Reveals Possible Link Between Voting Machines And Clinton Foundation,"Videos Evidence Reveals Possible Link Between Voting Machines And Clinton Foundation According to OpenSecrets, the company who provided the alleged glitching voting machines is a subsidiary of The McCarthy Group, a major donor to the Clinton Foundation. | October 28, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! A technician works to prepare voting machines to be used in the upcoming presidential election, in Philadelphia, Friday, Oct. 14, 2016. 
Could these connections be enough to implicate the Clinton Foundation in the alleged early vote rigging in Texas? 
As usual, the internet has come through as the ultimate watchdog while the supposed safeguards of our democracy have failed. 
A Gab user by the name “Special Prosecutor Will Logan” has found some stunning information. Note: as Gab is a members only site, you’ll have to join to see his actual posts, but we included all pertinent information in the article. Click to enlarge 
According to OpenSecrets, the company who provided the alleged glitching voting machines is a subsidiary of The McCarthy Group. 
The McCarthy group is a major donor to the Clinton Foundation – apparently donating 200,000 dollars in 2007 – when it was the largest owner of United States voting machines. Or perhaps the 200,000 dollars went to paying Bill Clinton for speeches? 
Either way, it doesn’t look good. 
But there’s more. 
As the same user notes in this post , Dominion Voting Systems and The Clinton Foundation did a 2.25 million dollar charity initiative in developing nations together called the DELIAN Project. 
According to the project’s own website : In 2014, Dominion Voting committed to providing emerging and post-conflict democracies with access to voting technology through its philanthropic support to the DELIAN Project, as many emerging democracies suffer from post-electoral violence due to the delay in the publishing of election results. Over the next three years, Dominion Voting will support election technology pilots with donated Automated Voting Machines (AVM), providing an improved electoral process, and therefore safer elections. As a large number of election staff are women, there will be an emphasis on training women, who will be the first to benefit from the skills transfer training and use of AVMs. It is estimated that 100 women will directly benefit from election technology skills training per pilot election. 
Of course, this is all speculation, and we are not making any claims of illegal activity by the Clinton Foundation. 
However, it presents a very troubling conflict of interest. Most Americans would certainly agree that voting machines should have zero connection to presidential candidates and their foundations. 
Consider the implications further abroad, as well. Could this DELIAN Project be designed to influence elections in developing nations? 
It can certainly be argued that electronic voting machines do not in fact provide an “improved electoral process” or provide “safer elections” 
Again, this is speculation. This work by Planet Free Will is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.",0
13335,Putin vows to 'choke' NATO [Video],"November 20th, 2016 - Fort Russ News - 
Various - Translated by  Inessa Sinchougova 




How close is too close for NATO to spread Eastwards, and how far will they test the boundaries? Talks of Ukraine joining the military alliance were on the agenda the 2000s, but ceased after Russia's swift response to the Georgian aggression in Tskhinvali in 2008. Currently, the Ukraine is unable to join NATO due to internal conflict - the absence of which is a prerequisite for new members.  
It would seem then that stopping the US-initiated war in Eastern Ukraine would be beneficial to US interests - or, are they fully aware, that this most certainly will not be allowed to happen as a direct threat to Russia's security? 

The outtake is from annual Q&A 2014 
     Follow us on Facebook!                                                                                                      
       Follow us on Twitter!                                
             Donate! ",0
13336,Vessel For Male Sexual Gratification Very Sad Today - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Man Wearing ‘Jewmerica’ T-Shirt Never Dreamed He’d See This Day SAND SPRINGS, OK—Feeling a mixture of intense pride and abject disbelief after news networks called the 2016 presidential election in favor of Donald Trump, local man Terry Williams, who is currently wearing a T-shirt adorned with the word “Jewmerica,” told reporters late Tuesday night that he never dreamed he’d see this day during his lifetime. Nation Throws Off Tyrannical Yoke Of Moderate Respect For Women WASHINGTON—Political experts are hailing Donald Trump’s historic presidential victory early Wednesday as a resounding declaration that the nation is finally ready to cast off the tyrannical yoke of moderate respect for women that has suffocated the citizens of this country for generations. Nation Elects First Black-Hearted President WASHINGTON—Shattering a barrier long thought unbreakable in the United States, Donald Trump, the 70-year-old billionaire real estate mogul from New York, became the first black-hearted man in history to win the American presidency, in the early hours of Wednesday morning. Nation’s Optimists Need To Shut The Fuck Up Right Now WASHINGTON—Saying their rosy attitude about the state of the election was not helping anything given what is currently transpiring, sources confirmed Tuesday night that the nation’s optimists need to seriously shut the fuck up as soon as humanly fucking possible. Anderson Cooper Informs Viewers CNN Just Minutes Away From First Significant Piece Of Information Of Day NEW YORK—Roughly two hours into the network’s live nine-hour-long “Election Night In America” programming block, CNN anchor Anderson Cooper informed viewers Tuesday evening he is only moments away from delivering the first piece of genuinely significant information of the day. ",0
13337,Billy Bush Negotiating Exit From NBC After Lewd Tape - The New York Times,"Four days after the explosive Donald J. Trump “Access Hollywood” tape was made public, Billy Bush was negotiating his exit from NBC. Mr. Bush and NBC are working out the terms of his departure from “Today,” which may come in the next few days, according to two people briefed on the plans. It would be a swift fall for Mr. Bush after a brief tenure as a host in the 9 a. m. hour of the show. He joined “Today” this summer. In the videotape from 2005, which was filmed during the taping of an “Access Hollywood” segment, Mr. Bush laughs and goads Mr. Trump as he speaks about women in vulgar and lewd terms, claiming he tried to have sex with the woman who was then Mr. Bush’s  . Mr. Bush, 44, apologized on Friday evening, and throughout the weekend NBC officials maintained they had no plans to discipline him. As late as Sunday morning, the plan was for Mr. Bush go on “Today” on Monday and address the controversy, saying something along the lines of the statement he released on Friday, in which he said he was “ashamed. ’’ But the backlash was significant. Mr. Bush’s Facebook page was deluged with thousands of angry comments. Two women that Mr. Bush and Mr. Trump discussed in the tape  —   the former “Access Hollywood” host Nancy O’Dell and the “Days of Our Lives” actress Arianne Zucker  —   released statements over the weekend expressing their disappointment. Given the tape’s incredible visibility, it was likely that Mr. Bush would remain part of the news cycle for the near future. “Today” is in competition with ABC’s “Good Morning America” and the fallout from the videotape could have affected NBC’s ratings in the morning hours, particularly among women, who represent a significant portion of the show’s viewership. By Sunday night, NBC had suspended Mr. Bush. Noah Oppenheim, the executive in charge of “Today,” told his staff in an email, “there is simply no excuse for Billy’s language and behavior on that tape. ” NBC News officials also learned in recent days that at the Olympic Games this summer, Mr. Bush bragged to some staff members about a videotape involving bad behavior by Mr. Trump. The New York Post first reported this on Monday night. “Access Hollywood” personalities like Natalie Morales, Kit Hoover and Nina Parker have offered Mr. Bush support this week (“The Billy that I know  —   and a lot of people would say this  —   has the biggest heart of anybody and he is a good person,” Ms. Hoover said) but few other people have defended him. Complicating matters, Mr. Bush did not have a particularly warm relationship with many of the other stars of “Today. ” That point was underscored in August when Mr. Bush landed what looked to be the scoop of the Olympics: The first   interview with the swimmer Ryan Lochte as he described being robbed at gunpoint in Rio de Janeiro. As Mr. Lochte’s story disintegrated in the following days, Mr. Bush was hesitant to condemn him. During a segment of “Today,” Mr. Bush contended that Mr. Lochte “lied about some details. ” Al Roker quickly stepped in to dress down his colleague, saying pointedly, “Billy, not some details,” before adding, “He lied. ”",0
13338,Chinese-Canadians Fear China’s Rising Clout Is Muzzling Them - The New York Times,"TORONTO  —   Canada’s prime minister, Justin Trudeau, is due in China on Tuesday for a much anticipated visit, hoping to reset what had been an    relationship under the previous government. Closer ties, Mr. Trudeau says, would release untapped prosperity at home and promote Canadian values like good governance and the rule of law in China. But many   say the opposite is happening. They say the growing economic clout wielded in Canada by China, Canada’s largest trading partner after the United States, is leading to an erosion of their own freedom  —   specifically their freedom to speak openly about China’s authoritarian state. Journalists who write for the many   publications in Canada, along with activists and others, say they are under increasing pressure to promote the interests of the Chinese government. “It’s gotten worse and worse,” said Jonathan Fon, 67, a Toronto paralegal, freelance writer and critic of China’s Communist rulers. Mr. Fon, who emigrated from China in 1992, said publications that had once printed his opinion articles now routinely rejected them because of worries about political and financial fallout. “They will not take my contributions, even though we’re friends,” he said. In the past decade, China has embarked on an ambitious effort to promote its image abroad, including a   overseas expansion by Chinese state media and a network of Confucius Institutes, which teach Chinese language and culture while disseminating the Communist Party’s viewpoints. In Western countries, analysts say, the party exerts influence over Chinese immigrants and students through embassies, consulates and community organizations, as well as business interests with the financial leverage to shape local   media coverage. “China is not shy about using overseas Chinese communities to advance its interests abroad,” said Minxin Pei, an expert on Chinese politics at Claremont McKenna College in California. “What’s brilliant about the Chinese government’s interest strategy is that it exploits the freedoms of Western democracies against Western democracies. ” Even some Canadian officials who are eager for closer ties have weighed in, expressing support for Beijing on human rights and trying to discourage negative coverage of China. That has provoked anger in Canada, where many see China as a threat to their way of life, and underscored the challenge faced by Mr. Trudeau, who took office in November, as he seeks more engagement after a decade of sometimes chilly ties under his predecessor. Mr. Trudeau’s weeklong visit will culminate in a Group of 20 economic summit meeting in the Chinese city of Hangzhou. But his trip is also intended to help Canadian businesses gain greater market access to China’s growing middle class, encourage Chinese capital investment in Canada, and attract   Chinese tourists and university students to Canada. The Canadian foreign minister, Stéphane Dion, said in an interview that the government’s pursuit of closer engagement with nondemocratic countries, including China, would allow it to promote human rights while protecting Canadian interests. “We’ll try to make sure that Canada will be part of the solution, to make these countries more free than they are today,” he said. Asked about complaints that Beijing was putting pressure on   Mr. Dion said he and Mr. Trudeau were “very strongly against any attempt to muzzle public opinion in Canada. ” He noted that many   were clearly not afraid to criticize Beijing. But recent events have kept the issue in the spotlight. In June, during a news conference in Ottawa, China’s visiting foreign minister, Wang Yi, berated a Canadian reporter for asking Mr. Dion a question about human rights in China. “You have no right to speak of this,” Mr. Wang said. A week later, Michael Chan, a   who was Ontario’s provincial minister of citizenship, immigration and international trade, defended China’s human rights practices in a column on a Canadian   website, 51. ca. Making no mention of China’s use of torture, illegal detention or other systemic abuses, Mr. Chan argued that China’s rights record should be viewed positively, in the context of economic development. “People are living with freedom,” he wrote, praising Beijing for improving Chinese people’s “basic livelihood,” allowing them to travel and study abroad. Outrage soon followed both officials’ remarks  —   as did consequences for some writers who criticized them. A Chinese writer said he had lost his column in the Global Chinese Press, based in British Columbia, after the newspaper was pressured over his criticism of Mr. Wang and Mr. Chan, according to a report in The Globe and Mail. A   freelancer in Toronto who uses the pen name Xin Feng received death threats online for chastising Mr. Wang in a column. “Be careful that your whole family doesn’t get killed,” one person posted. “Be careful when you walk outside!” A year ago, the editor in chief of a   newspaper in Ontario said she had been fired for publishing a commentary critical of Mr. Chan. She blamed that, in part, on complaints from the Chinese consulate in Toronto. In Ontario, which includes Toronto and its suburbs,   journalists and media executives say   has become widespread because of the economic pressures on their outlets. They fear boycotts by   advertisers and the loss of distribution deals with Chinese state media publications. Ontario has more than 30   news outlets, mostly free newspapers, and the majority of them appear to avoid reporting that would anger China’s leaders. Jack Jia, 54, the publisher of the   Chinese News Group newspaper and website, said China’s influence had “grown stronger and stronger” in recent years. “They want to control everything,” Mr. Jia said. He said China’s consul general in Toronto and her deputy had asked him several years ago to stop publishing ads from practitioners of Falun Gong, a spiritual movement banned as an “evil cult” in China. He refused. Today, he said, as immigration from China has soared, Chinese officials have gained more leverage. “They can threaten, because most media employees have family back in China,” Mr. Jia said. A   reporter in Toronto, who asked not to be identified in order to protect her job and her relatives in China, said her editors now regularly deleted quotations that were critical of Beijing, and reviewed article ideas specifically to head off coverage that might reflect poorly on the Chinese government. “When I came to Canada, I felt some freedom, but now there are so many restrictions,” the reporter said. “It’s everywhere now. ” A spokesman for the Chinese Embassy in Ottawa declined to answer questions about China’s involvement with ethnic Chinese communities in Canada. Political attitudes vary widely among the roughly 1. 5 million ethnic Chinese living in Canada. While pride in their heritage is widespread, many bristle at what they say is mounting pressure to express loyalty to Beijing, both from local media and from other  . “As a Canadian, you should share Canadian values  —   freedom, democracy and human rights,” said Harry Xu, 54, a Toronto real estate broker who emigrated from China 10 years ago. “These principles are important to us, but some Chinese immigrants are confused. ” Activists in Canada critical of Beijing have found themselves targets for intimidation. Not long after Zang Xihong, 54, a prominent Chinese   activist, emigrated to Canada 27 years ago, she said, she began receiving menacing phone calls from Chinese state security agents at her home in the Toronto suburbs. In recent years, she said, the harassment has grown more ominous. Her face and phone numbers have been digitally inserted into pornographic escort ads, she said hackers have posted photos stolen from her computer and articles have appeared online accusing her of embezzlement. She has also been sued by a man who claims she was responsible for his cousin’s death in China. Ms. Zang said the Canadian authorities had told her that they could take no action because most of those activities were protected free speech, leaving her powerless, she said, to escape the long arm of the Chinese government or its supporters. “When I fled from China, I suddenly realized they are here already,” she said. “Where else can I go?”",0
13339,"Ireland Doesn’t Want Apple’s Back Taxes, but the Irish Aren’t So Sure - The New York Times","CORK, Ireland  —   When European officials ordered Ireland to collect a record $14. 5 billion in back taxes from Apple, Kieran O’Connell drew up a wish list for spending the money. A public social worker who deals with   youth, Mr. O’Connell has faced drastic cuts since the Irish government imposed austerity measures six years ago during a financial crisis. His salary was frozen and his pension taxed. With his agency’s budget shrunk 30 percent, he hasn’t been able to replace staff, keep up with the demand for addiction and retraining programs or accommodate all the homeless teenagers looking for shelter. “You could invest it in treatment centers, detox beds and community care,” said Mr. O’Connell, 50, who works in this southern Irish city, where Apple has had its European headquarters for more than 35 years. But Ireland doesn’t want Apple’s billions. Instead, the Irish government is appealing Europe’s tax ruling, a move that is exposing a rift in a country still feeling the aftershocks from years of harsh cutbacks. The Irish government’s defense is a mixture of financial realpolitik, national pride and damage limitation. The European Union’s decision takes direct aim at some of the country’s generous tax policies, calling them illegal incentives in Apple’s case. Local lawmakers, in part, worry that taking the tech giant’s billions could scare off other multinationals from investing in Ireland just as other countries vie to entice them. Many people across the country are also upset that European officials are meddling with the country’s tax policies. Apple, which is also appealing, is taking the same stand, calling the case “politically motivated. ” But it is a big payday to forgo, prompting criticism from   lawmakers, government workers and even some local fans of Apple. European officials calculate that Apple’s tax bill may rise to $21. 3 billion when interest is included. The money would go a long way toward funding hospitals, schools and other social programs. At the height of austerity, Ireland cut government salaries by   percentages, halted investment in public works and introduced a series of new taxes. In Cork, unemployment still hovers around 8 percent, or roughly the national average, after reaching highs of about 15 percent. Many young people still must emigrate in search of jobs. “That money could create at least 100, 000 jobs,” said Mick Barry, a Cork lawmaker from the   Alliance, a small political party. “It would have a transformative effect. ” This tug of war over Apple’s money is part of a broader identity crisis in Ireland since the downturn. Much of the country’s   economic growth has been tied to attracting international companies through low taxes and flexible working conditions. Almost 200, 000 Irish workers, or roughly 10 percent of the total work force, are now employed by overseas companies, according to government statistics. And Ireland is hoping to entice even more. Countries around the region are lining up to woo companies thinking about leaving Britain after it voted in June to leave the European Union. While the Irish are eager for the jobs offered by international companies, years of   are highlighting the yawning inequalities of policies that allow the world’s richest companies to sidestep billions in taxes. The improving economy only adds to the debate. Ireland has roared back from recession, but much of the recent growth is related to financial maneuvering and not longstanding improvements in the domestic economy. “A lot of people don’t have a problem with government’s appeal, but where were they during the financial crisis when Irish workers could have done with the same help?” said Declan Connolly, 39, an information technology worker for Cork’s local government. Almost a third of his colleagues have either been let go or not been replaced when they retired. Extra taxes on his income and pension have left him with roughly 10 percent less cash in his pocket. “The Irish government never did do as much for us as they are now doing for Apple,” Mr. Connolly added. Apple’s chief executive, Timothy D. Cook, has been quick to defend the company’s tax practices. “When you’re accused of doing something that is so foreign to your values, it brings out outrage in you,” he said in an interview with the Irish broadcaster RTE. An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment on the case. Cork, with a population of about 125, 000, is a contradictory blend of Silicon Valley chic and   austerity. A Starbucks in a refurbished   building on the banks of the River Lee, which meanders though the city center, attracts a techie crowd of   millennials, speaking languages as varied as Chinese and Czech.   stores like Tommy Hilfiger line the main thoroughfare, and luxury sedans carry tech and pharmaceutical executives to meetings. Yet only a few blocks away, where street stall vendors once sold fruit and vegetables, pawnshops and mostly empty casinos dot the streets. Posters at a government agency offer tips on how to deal with spiraling personal debt. A longtime port town, Cork in recent decades has made itself an attractive hub for multinationals. Companies can tap into a steady stream of graduates from the local university, along with lucrative tax breaks on any research and development carried out in the city. Rents are roughly half those in Dublin. Apple was at the leading edge of this movement, putting down roots in the early 1980s, when the company was a mere minnow in the tech world. Three decades on, Cork’s suburbs are littered with newly built office parks, where   buildings are emblazoned with logos from some of the world’s largest companies, like Dell Technologies, Intel and Eli Lilly and Company. Apple, with its fortresslike compound, is one of the area’s largest employers. Its army of over 5, 000 workers has been a boon for the local economy, pumping in millions of dollars through income tax, rents and spending at fashionable restaurants and luxury stores. When Apple arrived, its workers mostly assembled computers and other devices. But as labor costs sent production to Asia, the company’s Cork offices have now switched gears, mostly providing global customer and sales support. “Cork and Apple have stuck together through thick and thin,” said Des Cahill, the city’s mayor, who will meet company executives in San Francisco this week as part of an annual trade visit to drum up new investment. “We’re like an old married couple. ” Just a few minutes’ walk from Apple’s main campus, Cork shows a different side. Austere concrete government housing stands crumbling in the   sun. And social workers say many local residents stand little chance of landing   jobs at Apple, mostly because of a lack of   skills. In Cork’s poorest neighborhoods, austerity has meant layoffs, economic uncertainty and often little support. The number of people living on the streets jumped to 345 last year compared with just 38 in 2011, according to Cork Simon, a local homeless charity. The city’s annual budget has been cut by 20 percent, to $170 million, over the same period. For Charlie Harrington, a paramedic, the Apple tax standoff comes down to fairness. Like most people in Cork, Mr. Harrington, 53, said international companies  —   and the jobs they created  —   were more than welcome in the city. But he doesn’t think tax rules are equally applied. When he recently refused to pay a new property tax, authorities took the money directly from his paycheck. If the government was so quick to penalize his   tax avoidance, Mr. Harrington asked, then how could it protect Apple? “If the big guys don’t pay and the government helps them, then everyone else will ask why we are paying too,” he said over a cup of tea in a living room decorated with family photos. “They owe the money, so they should just pay it. ”",0
13341,Clinton’s Emails. Again - The New York Times,"How is it that with seven days left until the election, we are consumed anew by emails, Hillary Clinton’s private server, the F. B. I. and an investigation that was supposed to be closed? In the latest episode of The   we examine the most recent surprise twist in a campaign that never ceases to shock. We break down this development into three parts. First we sift through the essential,   facts of the case with two reporters who have covered the investigation since it emerged, Amy Chozick and Michael S. Schmidt. Second, we examine why the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, decided to make the new findings public, by talking with Carrie Cordero, a former attorney at the Department of Justice who worked closely with the F. B. I. And to close out, we explain what impact this could have on the outcome of next Tuesday’s election, with insight from Nate Cohn of The Upshot. He says that, as with so many of the major news events in this contest, this one is not likely to be a game changer. “All those things did move the polls, but they didn’t fundamentally reshape the race,” Mr. Cohn says. “The core underlying dynamic of this election hasn’t ever changed, and that’s that a majority of voters don’t really believe Trump is qualified to be the president, they don’t like either candidate, so when the news is good or bad for their candidate they become more or less likely to indicate their support, but there has never been a time in this race when Trump has been able to assemble a clear path to victory. ” COMING UP! The   is doing a   show for Nov 8. Ask us anything about the election, the candidates, the polls  —   or about the reporters on the show. We’ll respond on air. Leave us a message at (347)   or send us an email at therunup@nytimes. com. Be sure to leave us a your full name, the state where you live, and a number where we can reach you. From a desktop or laptop, you can listen by pressing play on the button above. Or if you’re on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series. On your iPhone or iPad: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Tap on the “search” magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen, type in “The  ” and select it from the list of results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone free. You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode. On your Android phone or tablet: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Play Music” with an    icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results. You may have to scroll down to find the “Podcasts” search results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone free. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode.",0
13342,Ads Focus on Relief From the Presidential Campaign - The New York Times,"HEFTY is “trashing” the campaign, Excedrin is curing headaches caused by the caustic debates, and Ringling Brothers wants to remind the public that it is the real circus, despite what the last few months may have seemed like. In previous election years, it was not unusual for brands to create ads that lightly poked fun at the political process or went heavy on patriotism and optimism. Now, marketers have a new focus when connecting with voters: fatigue and disillusionment. “Whether you’re completely conservative or more liberal, it’s kind of like everybody’s sick of this conversation and the low trashy depths that this election has gone to,” said Jason Peterson, chief creative officer of Havas North America, which oversees Hefty’s advertising. People visiting the CNN and Fox News websites in the last few days may have noticed stark black banner ads with white letters declaring, “This political ad has been trashed thanks to Hefty. ” Hefty, the trash bag maker, seized on the five days leading up to Election Day to run such ads across several major political news sites and   videos on YouTube. Its hope is to curry favor with Americans by shielding them from additional political messaging after a long, vitriolic presidential race. “People are almost demanding this kind of relief,” Mr. Peterson said. It is perhaps harder now to make light of the election as businesses have during previous campaigns, as when JetBlue offered international trips to voters whose candidate lost, Pizza Hut stitched together debate clips to highlight how cheap its pizza was or Snickers ran cheeky “Don’t Vote Hungry” ads. Tecate, the Mexican beer label, was seen as poking fun at Donald J. Trump with its recent commercial featuring a “Tecate beer wall,” a   ledge to rest beers on, even though the brand said the ad was nonpartisan. Indeed, the appetite for humor seems low in an environment where both Skittles and Tic Tac had to issue formal statements within weeks of each another distancing themselves from untoward mentions by the Trump campaign. So come the new tactics. Hefty said its digital campaign, which started on Thursday and will run through Tuesday, was built on the belief that “Americans hate political ads. ” Just last month, the American Psychological Association said that 52 percent of American adults cited the presidential election as a “very or somewhat significant source of stress” in a survey conducted by Harris Poll. And the final   New York   News Poll released late last week showed that more than eight in 10 voters said the campaign had left them repulsed rather than excited. Excedrin, on the day of the third and final presidential debate last month, promoted the hashtag #DebateHeadache on Twitter, saying, “Debates bring headaches Excedrin brings fast headache relief. ” The brand tweeted out statistics from a survey it conducted throughout the day, including one that said 73 percent of Americans would experience   headaches this year. The product, given its focus on relieving head pain, doesn’t generally have the opportunity to “speak on a larger scale,” especially during a presidential election, said Scott Yacovino, a senior brand manager for Excedrin and the United States pain business at GlaxoSmithKline. This situation was a “perfect storm,” he said. “Even during the first debate, there was a lot of organic chatter around people getting headaches and the election causing headaches,” Mr. Yacovino said. “We thought we could bring our benefit to folks no matter what their political affiliations are. ” Another ad campaign born out of election fatigue came from Ringling Brothers and Barnum  Bailey last month, which officially denounced the use of the term circus to refer to this year’s presidential race. Its social media tracking tool showed that between Oct. 15 and Oct. 24, the terms “circus” or “clowns” were used to describe the election or candidates an average of almost 4, 000 times a day. As part of its effort to “Take Back the Circus,” the company made a humorous video featuring several performers expressing their indignation over misuse of the terms. In one scene, a ringmaster turned to the camera and said, “People keep calling candidates clowns. ” A clown by his side responded, “But we’re real clowns, and we take clowning seriously. ” Hefty’s banner ads have appeared on CNN, Fox News, AOL, and the Huffington Post’s politics page. Hefty’s YouTube ads will be aimed at people tracking the election, especially in swing states like North Carolina and Pennsylvania. The company’s agency said its purchase guaranteed at least 40 million page views across the sites. “We did pick out media buys based upon where more of the trashy politics are going on and more in the swing states where it’s getting heated,” Mr. Peterson said. He added: “What I really love about it and what I think consumers appreciate in advertising is when you’re able to offer them a utility to what they’re feeling. And to me, people are sick and tired. ”",0
13343,Welcome to the Trump World Order      : Information," Welcome to the Trump World Order By Maria Dubovikova
 So Donald Trump is the new president of the United States. Allan Lichtman and his 13 Keys to the White House have been proved right. The 30-year tradition of predicting the out-come of the US presidential elections continues uninterrupted. Political figures have started checking their social media accounts, deleting Tweets that could be uncomplimentary to Trump. It doesnt help as the Internet remembers everything.
Some are even more unlucky. French President Francois Hollande said in public recently that Trump make you want to retch. The global political narrative is quickly drifting away from the dumb Trump to Congratulations, dear Mr. President, I always knew you would win!
Journalists who had been vilifying Trump  and promising apocalypse in case he is elected  have started debating how he would possibly save the world. Most experts failed in their prognosis. They could not imagine that the erratic Trump will be victorious over reserved, pragmatic, and experienced Clinton. They had their reasons but in their analysis they missed a lot of things.
Why Trump is president-elect Trump is a living example of the American dream. From being a simple middle class Ameri-can, child of second generation German immigrants, he jumped to become a billionaire and then the US president. His penthouse apartment is said to be more luxurious than the White House. He had his own plane before becoming the US president.
More importantly, he has promised to revive the American dream for all Americans, irrespec-tive of their social status. Experts and the so-called elite considered his mannerisms and choice of language as a disadvantage. But instead it turned out to be his advantage as he connected to people in their language.
The fact remains that the elite, and people considering themselves intellectuals, do not form the majority in any society. The US is no different. Trumps tweets and declarations were shocking for the elites but were very common for the masses. His imperfections made him closer to the ordinary people, especially from the working class. The he is one of us image always works when you deal with the masses. He gambled with it and emerged the winner.
He got a chance to grab the Oval Cabinet as he is not liberal. Shadi Hamid seems right not believing that humans naturally inclined toward liberalism. Moreover, some men continue to remain sexist. If they dont confess it, they keep this deep inside. Women frequently like more bad guys than respectable family men. They may not confess it but this sometimes reveals where their sympathies lie and how they vote.
A large number of white Americans continue to show racist tendencies. While calls for toler-ance goes on, the influx of immigrants gave a fertile ground for racism and somehow xeno-phobia. During these elections, it appeared, that the Americans had to choose between two candi-dates with little credibility. They opted for change and fresh ideas. Also, the turnout was far lesser than on the previous elections, which indicates disillusionment over the current presi-dential campaign and both the candidates.
Popular vote shows the deep divide in the American society, with Clinton showing ad-vantage over Trump. However, it was the US electoral system that brought Trump to power.
Homeland and foreign policy Apparently he is set to make America great again not by foreign policy and imposing its will but by boosting the economy, retuning to manufacturing and giving new jobs. There is also a possibility that he will put even foreign policy based on business ties. So no help or assis-tance could come for free or without concomitant advantages for the economy.
The tycoon that he has been Trump is aware that money decides everything. He will proba-bly try to implement this rule in policymaking, both at home and abroad. The main motive of the foreign policy could turn into bargain, trading and profit.
Trump is not going to be easy for the Arab leaders. You, guys, are out of business  these were his words in response to a journalist asking about the President-elects policy vision toward the Middle East. Pro-Israeli and mostly anti-Arab, he will not try to solve Arab prob-lems anymore. However, he will continue the US fight against terrorism and probably be more hawkish than Clinton.
In any case, he will not be inclined to treat the Arabs as equal partners. Such an attitude is going to be unacceptable for the Middle Easters powers and could lead to cooling of ties. The same fate  i.e. no allies, just business  probably awaits Europe.
Trump and Russia Russia, which was frequently debated during the campaign, is neither a winner nor a looser after this election. First of all, no one really knows who is Mr. Trump and what he is going to do. Secondly, he has Senate and Congress, which will not let him do whatever he likes. Moreover, an anti-Russian spirit prevails in the US no matter what.
With Senate and the Congress, both in Republican hands, they are likely to seriously limit his intentions, as he will have to balance between what he wants and what he actually can. However, this man is hard to deal with. So pressure groups and other instruments of man-agement of the US policy will not probably work with Trump.
Even if there is a shift in the US-Russia relations, this will take a long time. Such a shift is needed anyway and a confrontation isnt good for the whole world. Trump is probably de-fined to press the reboot button in Russian relations and Russia doesnt need a weak US. Russia needs to speak with the US, to listen and to be heard. Trump, as a businessman, seems exactly that kind of a figure.
We are entering into a new era that will be hardly predictable but extremely interesting. Clinton had many cards on her hands but failed to play them the right way. Trump has out-smarted her. A game of poker has never been so relevant as an analogy. A spicy 45th season of the United States Saga is about to begin.
Maria Dubovikova is a President of IMESClub and CEO of MEPFoundation. Alumni of MGIMO (Moscow State Institute of International Relations [University] of Ministry of For-eign Affairs of Russia), now she is a PhD Candidate there. Her research fields are in Russian foreign policy in the Middle East, Euro-Arab dialogue, policy in France and the U.S. towards the Mediterranean, France-Russia bilateral relations, humanitarian cooperation and open diplomacy. She can be followed on Twitter: @politblogme",0
13344,Liberal Students Overwhelmingly Awarded $30K Federal Truman Scholarship - Breitbart,"  students are overwhelmingly awarded the Truman Scholarship, a federal scholarship granted to U. S. college juniors for demonstrated leadership potential and a commitment to public service, according to a survey by The College Fix. [According to the survey, more than a third of Truman Scholarship recipients have ties to Democratic politicians or leftist activist groups. Only several had ties with Republican or   organizations.  More than 40 of the 112 scholars in 2015 and 2016 have ties to Democratic politicians or liberal groups while less than a handful were found to have worked for Republicans or conservative organizations. Among the 2015 Truman Scholars, at least 26 had either worked for Democratic politicians and administrations,   organizations or were members of the College Democrats before or after they were awarded the Truman Scholarship. The Fix identified only two scholars as having ties to Republicans or conservative groups on their resumes. Multiple scholars interned for local and Congressional Democratic lawmakers, as well as at the White House during President Barack Obama’s tenure. Scholar Frank Smith was a fellow for Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign. Another, Katherine Hamilton, worked on Obama’s 2012 reelection campaign. Others worked for   think tanks and advocacy groups such as the Brookings Institute, Planned Parenthood, Feminist Majority Foundation, NAACP and Urban Institute. The survey revealed that 16 recipients had worked for Democratic candidates, while only two had worked for Republicans. When asked about the discrepancy, Andrew Rich, the executive director of the Harry S. Truman Scholarship Foundation claimed that the foundation doesn’t discriminate based upon an applicant’s political activity. “We’re really focused on what they’ve done by way of service and then their engagement with leadership around it. It’s fairly infrequent that it’s political,” Rich said. “Most [scholars] aren’t very political at all. ” “In all honesty, I mean, we do see both intellectual and ideological variety among our applicant pool. To the extent that there’s less   …     one direction or another, it really has to do with the schools are sending our direction,” he said. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
13345,"The Year’s Best Baking Cookbooks: Radical Ideas, Classic Treats - The New York Times","In the world of baking cookbooks, the ones written by pastry chefs are glamorous things, filled with the   drama you would expect to see at the end of a   tasting menu. But however ambitious they are on the page, the recipes often fall short in the kitchen, leaving a frustrated cook amid a trail of fallen soufflés. Baking books by professional food writers tend to be more modest endeavors. Most don’t attempt to get you to the top of a croquembouche, but appeal to you with simpler techniques, practical advice and interesting flavors  —   a flaky scone here, a splash of pomegranate molasses there. They are more reliable, if less exciting. This year’s roster of baking books, however, turns these truths upside down. Two of the best by restaurant pastry chefs are chatty, informative and easy to navigate, and they yield terrific baked goods with nary a tear. Three more by professional food writers eschew the standard formula of “tried and true with a twist” in favor of riskier, more experimental territory. And then one made our list because, though the recipes are German classics, the excellence of the testing and writing makes it well worth using for years to come. Of the lot, Dorie Greenspan’s latest, “Dorie’s Cookies” (Rux   Mifflin Harcourt, $35) combines the best of all   worlds:   photography, thrilling recipes and a reassuring and authoritative writing style. This is a lot to expect in any cookbook, but particularly in one centered around cookies. How   and thrilling can a cookie be? In Ms. Greenspan’s hands, extremely. First, there is the playfully unconventional photography by Davide Luciano. Each picture shows the cookies by themselves on a vividly colored background, without falling back on any of the usual cookbook tropes  —   a   glass of milk or a ray of sunlight hitting a vintage teapot in the background. In Mr. Luciano’s photos, the camera gets up close and personal with the cookies, showing off all their intimate, alluring details: the texture of their crumbs, the sheen of their icing, the melty chocolate chips oozing from the center. It’s a pretty daring approach for a cookie book, and whether it works for you depends on how attached you are to sunlit teapots. The recipes themselves split the difference between   and heirloom. There is an entire chapter on savory “cocktail cookies,” in which Ms. Greenspan folds Triscuit cracker bits into cream cheese dough in one recipe, and combines white miso paste and puffed barley in another. On the more traditional side, she has her   World Peace Cookies  —   cocoa upon chocolate upon chocolate chip  —   along with some of the chewiest, most deeply flavored ginger molasses cookies I’ve ever made. Her buttery Breton shortbread galettes, browned at the edges and filled with jam, are the ideal version of their kind, while the gently floral Moroccan semolina cookies were light and delicate. With her exacting, thoughtful instructions, Ms. Greenspan anticipates pitfalls and leads you deftly around them. Just as wonderfully radical in content, though a bit more traditional in form, is Irvin Lin’s “Marbled, Swirled and Layered” (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, $30). Mr. Lin, a graphic designer in San Francisco who writes the food blog Eat the Love, takes risks in nearly every one of the 150 elaborate recipes in his book. He doesn’t just paint the lily he bejewels and shellacs it, too. You can almost see his mind buzzing as he adds mesquite powder and teff flour to malt   cookies, and roasts white chocolate until it caramelizes to make   blondies with   jam (photo on cover). At times the recipes sound over the top (Rosemary Caramel and Dark   Chip Tart, for one) but in the end they were artfully balanced. It’s an amusing read, too, with Mr. Lin’s   musings, which bounce from how personal one’s preference for the cocoa percentage in chocolate can be to his fashion choices of the 1980s (“Oh, acid washed, how you played me”). Even if you never bake a thing, his book will make you laugh. In “Better Baking: Wholesome Ingredients, Delicious Desserts” (Rux   Mifflin Harcourt) Genevieve Ko, a food writer and recipe developer, also pushes the envelope of the familiar, but does so in the name of healthfulness rather than pure exploration. Ms. Ko adds rye flour and olive oil to snowball cookies, whips up truly fudgy   brownies out of canned adzuki beans, and even goes so far as so make her own Cocoa   cereal. But in addition to creating relatively healthful desserts, she can also be highly sophisticated in her approach, using goat cheese and spelt flour in rugelach, and tinting rainbow cookie bars with subtly shaded matcha powder instead of the usual neon hues. Of the handful of recipes I tested, my favorite was one of the simplest: thin   crackers with pecans and raisins. Although I devoured them with blue cheese, they were almost sweet enough for dessert, especially if wholesomeness was your goal. There is nothing particularly healthful about Luisa Weiss’s “Classic German Baking” (Ten Speed Press, $35) and this is all to the good. German baking is no place for virgin coconut oil and flax seeds. Instead, Ms. Weiss, who grew up in Germany and lives in Berlin, revels in marzipan, dark chocolate and plenty of   European butter. The recipes are not at all experimental, but are instead impeccably tested and annotated classics. There are yeasted,    coffee cakes rustic apple cakes meringue and   tortes and a generous amount of highly spiced Christmas cookies. Ms. Weiss, a former cookbook editor known for her blog, The Wednesday Chef, has a writing style that is warm and nurturing. She holds your hand during the rather intimidating Viennese Sacher torte, reassuring you through the three pages and 12 steps that it will all be wonderful in the end. Mine wasn’t as pretty as the photo (my fault for being impatient with the glaze) but it tasted terrific, which is what matters most. As for baking books by restaurant chefs, my favorites this year were both inspired by Middle Eastern cuisine. The Honey  Co. cafe in London isn’t known in the United States, but after the publication of its cookbook “Golden” (Little, Brown, $30) this should change. Itamar Srulovich and Sarit Packer offer modern recipes that reflect the perfumed and spiced flavors of their Israeli heritage, mixed with favorites from British teatime and French patisseries. You’ll find excellent apricot and elderflower jam, chickpea flour shortbread and yeasted morning buns filled with strawberry, pistachio paste and a   syrup. The recipes in “Soframiz” by Ana Sortun and Maura Kilpatrick (Ten Speed Press, $35) from Sofra Bakery and Cafe in Cambridge, Mass. cover similar ground, but do so with an American sensibility. Their moist and tender carrot cake, which has a     frosting flecked with halvah, has spoiled me for every other carrot cake in the universe. Much quicker to make but no less appealing are the tahini shortbread cookies, coated in sesame seeds for a gentle crunch. The recipe will say they keep for five days. Impossible to stop eating, mine made it through two. Which gives me a perfect reason to make them again. Recipes: Pistachio, Rose and Strawberry Buns | Sacher Torte | Moroccan Semolina and Almond Cookies | Golden Raisin and Pecan Thins | Tahini Shortbread Cookies | Blondies With a   Swirl",0
13346,The Ancient Spiritual Roots of Russophobia,"Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name => 
Introduction 
The term “russophobia” (the hatred and/or fear of things Russian) has become rather popular in the recent years, courtesy of the anti-Russian hysteria of the AngloZionist Empire, but this is hardly a new concept. In his seminal book “ Russie-Occident – une guerre de mille ans: La russophobie de Charlemagne à la Crise Ukrainienne ” (“The West vs Russia – a thousand year long war: russophobia from Charlemange to the Ukrainian Crisis”) which I recently reviewed here , Guy Mettan places the roots of russophobia as early as the times of Charlemagne. How could that be? That would mean that russophobia predates the birth of Russia by a full two centuries? And yet, Mettan is correct, although even he does not paint the full picture. 
What I propose to do today is not to discuss modern russophobia which has numerous causes and forms, but to look far back into history for the ancient spiritual roots of this relatively modern phenomenon. 
My thesis will probably trigger even more condescending smirks, expression of outrage and accusations of bigotry and racism than usual. That is fine. In fact, I will welcome them as a visceral reaction to what I propose to uncover below. One glaring weakness of my argument will be that I won’t bother presenting numerous sources as evidence for my assertions. Not only am I not writing an academic paper here, I simply don’t have the time and space needed to substantiate all my claims. Still, all the facts and claims I make below are easily verifiable for anybody with an Internet connection. My goal today is not to convince the naysayers, but to offer a few hopefully useful pointers to those seeking to connect the dots and see the full picture. This being, said, let’s now go far back in time. 
A 2000 year old dispute 
Those who believe that the Romans crucified Christ better stop reading here and go back to the comfort of ignorance. Those who have actually read the New Testament or, for that matter, the basic Judaic texts on this topic, know that Christ was accused and executed for the crime of blasphemy: He claimed to be the Son of God, the Son of Man (a messianic title), the messiah announced by the prophets and that He was God: “ Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I AM ” (John 8:58) (this “I AM” is a direct reference to Exodus 3:14). This claim is what split the Jewish people into those who accepted Christ’s claims and believed Him and those who did not. What is interesting here, is the view which the Jews who did accept Christ had of those Jews who did not. As we all know, Saint John the Theologian wrote the famous words “ I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews, and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan ” (Rev 2:9). And Christ Himself said “ If ye were Abraham’s children, ye would do the works of Abraham ” (John 8:39). What we see here is the basis for a claim which was first made in the Apostolic times and which was later fully endorsed and further developed by the Church Fathers: those Jews who rejected Christ thereby lost their “Jewishness” and the “new Jews” are the Christians, regardless of ethnicity, which now have become the new “chosen people”. In our modern times of hyper-political correctness and generalized “ecumenical dialogs of love”, Christians are mostly ignorant of theses facts and, when they are, they dare not mention them in public. At a time when Popes declare that Jews are their “older brothers”, that they need not accept Christ and that Christians and Jews are awaiting the same 2 nd coming of Christ, saying that Christianity denies Jews their very Jewish identity is definitely “ mauvais ton ”. But before the 20 th century, this Christian claim that modern “Jews” were not really Jews anymore was common knowledge, both amongst Christians and amongst Jews. 
[Sidebar: as I explained it in some details here , modern “Judaism” is not the religion of “Abraham, Isaac and Jacob” but the religion of Maimonides, Karo and Luria and has its roots in the teachings of the sect of the Pharisees, the Talmud and the Kabbalah. The closest modern heir to Christ-rejecting Jews of the times of Christ would be the Karaite sect. Modern “Judaism” really ought to be called “Phariseic Talmudism”. For a traditional Patristic look at Phariseic Talmudism, please see here and here ] 
Conversely, Judaic teaching about Christ are not sympathetic either. A quick read of the Toldot Yeshu or, for that matter, the passages about Christ in the Talmud, will convince anyone in need of convincing that the Pharisees’ hatred for Christ was not satiated with His crucifixion. And lest anybody think that this is all racist drivel by blue-eyed Nazis, here is a good article on this topic from Ha’artez corroborating it all. ORDER IT NOW 
Nowadays an uninformed observer might erroneously conclude that there is a big love-fest between Judaics and Christians, but to the extend that this is true, this is solely due to the fact that most modern Christians and Judaics have long ceased to believe, think and act in accordance to their own traditions. The reality is that for traditional Christians, modern Judaics are fallen, lapsed, people who have failed to live up to their election by God and who now are determined to take by force what had been promised to them by God. For traditional Judaics, Christians are idolaters of the worst kind, as they worship a blaspheming magician, born of a promiscuous hairdresser and a Roman legionnaire, who was justly executed for his crimes and who now forever is confined to hell where he boils in excrement. And lest anybody believe that this hostility is only a matter of a long gone past, I would add that while the Judaics are still waiting for as their messiah, the Christian consensus patrum indicates that this Judaic messiah will be the very same person whom Christ and the Apostles called the Antichrist. 
Why does all this matter? It matters because at the very core of it all is the claim that Gentiles have replaced Jews as the chosen people of God, that Christians are the “new Jews” and that modern day Jews are simply not Jews at all, not only because most of them are more Khazarian than Jewish, but because their faith, traditions and beliefs are not the ones of the ancient Jewish people as described in the Old Testament. In other words, Christianity says that Jews are not Jews. 
A 1000 year old dispute 
Western history books usually say that Rome was sacked in 410 and fell in 476. The former is true, but the latter is completely false as it conflates the city of Rome and the Roman Empire. Only the city of Rome and the western Roman Empire came to an end in the 5 th century, but that very same Roman Empire continued to exist in the East for a full 1000 years (!), until 1453 when the Ottomans finally captured the city of Constantinople. In fact, the imperial capital of the Roman Empire had been moved from Rome to the city of Constantinople, the “New Rome”, by the Emperor Constantine in 320. Thus, the Rome which, at various times, Visigoths, Vandals and Ostrogoths sacked was no longer the capital of the Roman Empire. 
These two crucial dates, 476 and 1453, are often used to mark the beginning and the end of the Middle-Ages (along with other dates between the 5 th and the 15 th century). And since I am setting up the crucial dates for my argument, I will add another one here: 1054, the “official” date for the so-called “Great Schism” between, on one hand, Rome (the city) and, on the other, the other four Patriarchates founded by the Apostles: the Patriarchates of Alexandria, Antioch, Jerusalem, and Constantinople. 
At this point, things get complicated and a halfway decent explanation of what really took place would require no less than 100 pages, including a discussion of dogmatic theology, culture, sociology and, of course, politics. The best I can provide at this point are a few bullet-point style sentences summarizing what happened: 
The Franks, especially Charlemagne, decided that they would re-create the Roman Empire. To be truly Romans, the Franks also wanted to make their own, original, contribution to Christian theology. They did so by making an addition to the so-called “Symbol of Faith”, or “Credo” in Latin, a text which summarizes the key Christian beliefs. Furthermore, since they were now occupying Rome, the former imperial capital of the Empire, the Franks felt that they were in control of the spiritual capital of the Christian world and that, therefore, the rest of the Christian world ought to accept the primacy of the bishop of Rome – called the “Pope” – and his right to impose a new dogma on the entire Christian world. Following roughly 200 years of tensions between the (Frankish-occupied) Rome and the (still free) eastern Roman Empire the final separation took place in 1054 when the Pope excommunicated the Patriarch of Constantinople who then returned him the favor. What is important for our purposes is this: not only did the Frankish invasion of Rome mark the end of the Roman civilization in the West, it also cut-off the western world from the Roman Empire which continued to exist for another ten centuries. The process of severance between the two parts of the Empire began in the 5 th century following the fall of the city of Rome and continued throughout the following centuries. During the 10 th century, Rome suffered during the so-called dark ages ( saeculum obscurum ) and the so-called the “Rule of the Harlots” ( pornokratia ). At a time when the Roman Empire in the east was almost at the apex of its glory, the Franks were indulging in an orgy of destruction and corruption which completely changed the face of the western part of the European continent and completely severed the vital cultural and spiritual ties which had kept the Roman Empire together in the past centuries. 
During the following 1000 years while the Roman Empire continued its existence in the East, the European Middle-Ages slowly and painfully gave birth to a new civilization, the West European civilization, which really took its first mature shape during the Renaissance with it’s re-discovery of the ancient Greek and Roman world. Whatever form this so-called “re-discovery” took, it is a fact that the 1000 years of the Middle-Ages separate modern western civilization from the Roman civilization and that modern Europe was born not of the Romans, but of the Franks. The (Orthodox) East, however, has never known any “Middle-Ages” and has maintained a cultural and religious continuity to the ancient Christian world and the Roman Empire. 
In the West, the so-called “Roman Catholic Church” (another misnomer – there is nothing Roman or “catholic” – meaning “universal” – about the Papacy as it is Frankish and local) likes to present itself as the original Church whose roots and traditions go back to the Apostolic times. This is simply false. The reality is that the religion which calls itself “Roman Catholic” is a relatively new religion, younger than Islam by several centuries, which was born in the 11 th century of a rejection of the key tenets of the 1000 year long Christian faith. Furthermore, from the moment of its birth, this religion has embarked on an endless cycle of innovations including the 19 th century (!) dogmas of the Papal infallibility and the Immaculate Conception. Far from being conservative or traditionalists, the Latins have always been rabid innovators and modernists. 
Nowadays there are many Christian denominations out there, but only the Orthodox Churches can testify to the fact that the Frankish local Church is neither Roman, nor Catholic, that it’s roots are not in the Apostolic times, but in the (dark) Middle-Ages and that far from being a heir to the 2000 year old faith “ which the Lord gave, was preached by the Apostles, and was preserved by the Fathers ” to use the words of Saint Athanasios, the Latin faith is nothing but a collection of deviations from the original Christian faith. 
The feared and hated witness 
Now we see a pattern here. Both for the Judaics and for the Latins, the Orthodox Christians are the only witnesses out there who can (and do!) openly challenge not only their legitimacy, but their very identity. From an Orthodox perspective (and here I am referring to the traditional, Patristic, point of view) modern Jews are not Jews and the Catholics are not catholic . In both cases, we are dealing with very successful frauds, but frauds nonetheless. Orthodox Christians believe that they, and they alone, are both the real Jews and the real Catholics. Modern Jews are nothing but Pharisees while Latins are simply heretics. Jews were called to be the Chosen People while Rome used to be recognized as the “first amongst equals” by the other Patriarchates. Alas, in both cases a tragic fall from grace occurred in a manner reminiscent of Lucifer’s fall from Heaven (“ How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, son of the morning! ” Isa 14:12). And to those who would say that such a claim is preposterous, Orthodox Christians would simply point at the immense corpus of Patristic writings which has always supported that claim. The only option for somebody rejecting this claim is to reject Christianity itself. 
My argument here is not a historical or theological one. Regardless of whether one accepts or not the Orthodox view of modern “Judaism” and “Roman Catholicism” – it is certain that both Judaics and Latin were quite aware of this view (there were plenty of polemical texts written over the centuries by all sides to this dispute) and that this challenge to their very legitimacy and identity was perceived as a monumental affront and, when supported by an immense and powerful empire like the Russian one, a mortal enemy which had to be either conquered or eliminated. 
[Sidebar: Islam. It is interesting to note here that Orthodox Christianity, which Muslims called “Rum” as in Rome, in no way challenges the legitimacy or identity of Islam. While Islam and Christianity have plenty of irreconcilable theological differences, Muslims do not claim to be Jews or Christians. As for Orthodox Christians, they obviously do not claim to be the true or original, Muslims. Thus the co-existence of these two religions is not logically mutually exclusive even if their theologies are fundamentally incompatible]. 
The modern dispute 
It would be ridiculous to claim that the cause(s) of modern fear and/or hate of things Russian can all be explained by ancient theological arguments. In reality, neither Russia nor the West are all that religious nowadays. And while there is definitely a religious rebirth taking place in Russia, it remains also true that only a minority of Russians are truly religious or well-versed in Orthodox theology. Furthermore, there are plenty of reasons why some hate/fear Russia which have absolutely nothing to do with religion, including the fact that Russia is, and has always been, an unconquered military superpower, that the Soviet regime has oppressed millions of people in Eastern Europe and in the Soviet Union and that any more or less sovereign and independent regime in Russia stands as the main obstacle for the West to take control of Russia’s immense resources and many other reasons. As for (truly religious) Judaics and Latins, they are a small minority compared to the vast majority of largely agnostic people around them. In reality, modern russophobia has numerous independent “vectors” all contributing to a grand “sum vector” expressed in the West’s current policies towards Russia. And yet. 
Regardless of the actual level of religiosity in Russia, Russia remains the objective historical and cultural heir to the Roman Empire: the First Rome fell in 476, the Second Rome fell in 1453 while the Third Rome fell in 1917. 
[Sidebar: A Fourth Rome cannot happen simply because, unlike what happened with the First and Second Rome, the Third one could not “pass on” its role to a hypothetical Fourth one. Seventy years of Communist rule will forever remain and unsurmountable barrier between Russia the Third Rome and modern Russia and not true succession is now possible] 
To ignore the historical importance of a Christian Roman civilization which lasted from the 4 th to the 20 th century would be a major oversight. Those 16 centuries have had a huge impact on the Russian culture, even upon those Russians who are only superficially religious or outright agnostic, and they still can be felt today. The same is true for what is called the “West” nowadays: what is the AngloZionist Empire if not the cultural continuation of the British Empire with the Zionist (and, thus, Judaic) element recently added to it ? And don’t let the fact that Protestants and Anglicans are not “Roman Catholics” distract you from the reality that Protestantism itself is just the offspring from the spiritual intercourse between its Latin and Judaic parents, just as Freemasonry – the dominant ideology and worldview today – is the offspring resulting from the spiritual intercourse between of Protestantism and Phariseic Judaism. Whether we are aware of it or not, we live in “civilizational realms” which have ancient roots and our worldview and outlook on life are often shaped by a past which we often know very little about. 
Conclusion 
There is a clash of civilizations taking place. It does not primarily oppose a putative “Christian West” to Islam. For one thing, the modern “West” has long ceased to be Christian and should now be categorized as post-Christian. Furthermore, the Muslim world is not united and does not have the resources to meaningfully oppose the AngloZionist Empire. Until China, Latin America or some other civilization truly rises up to be able to challenge the current world order, Russia is the only country which will dare to openly challenge the very legitimacy of the western political system and the ideology it has been built upon. Modern Russia is both capable and willing of challenging the dominant western ideology (from Capitalism to the belief that homosexuality is a normal and healthy variation of human sexuality ) precisely because of her position as the heir to, and continuator of, the Christian Roman Empire. True, for the past 300 years or so, Russia has been ruled by a generally westernized ruling elite, but that elite itself has always remained a foreign superstructure imposed upon the Russian nation which never truly identified with it. With Putin Russia has finally found a leader who does not represent the interests of the elites, but rather the interests of the vast majority of the population – hence Putin’s stratospheric popularity ratings. And that too frightens the West, especially the western elites who now feel that their rule is threatened by a nuclear superpower which is determined not to let them take over our entire planet. It is impossible to predict what will happen next. But it does appear likely to me that this ancient conflict between two fundamentally opposed spiritualities and civilizations will come to some kind of a resolution, for better or for worse, in the near future.",0
13347,’Trans-Racial’ Rachel Dolezal Disinvited from MLK Event After Backlash - Breitbart,"Rachel Dolezal, a former NAACP leader and professor who received national media attention after it was revealed that she was a white woman posing as   has been disinvited from a speaking event at a Martin Luther King Jr. festival in North Carolina after a community backlash about her scheduled appearance. [Dolezal, who was formerly an adjunct professor at Eastern Washington University, was disinvited from her scheduled appearance at Cary, North Carolina’s annual Martin Luther King Jr. Dreamfest in January. She was scheduled to participate in a panel discussion about racial identity and race relations with representatives from the NAACP.  Dolezal is the former president of the Spokane, Washington chapter of the NAACP, a position that she was forced to resign from after she was accused of portraying herself as   despite being born and raised by white parents. Doug McRainey, Cary’s director of parks, recreation, and cultural resources, claims that the decision to remove Dolezal from the program was made after backlash erupted in the community. “They made the decision about two weeks ago to remove her from the diversity summit, which we support,” McRainey said. “We had two focus group meetings with citizens and pastors, and I think the feeling was that her presence would take away from the goals of the Dreamfest. ”",0
13348,Russia is Hoarding Gold at an Alarming Rate — The Next World War Will Be Fought with Currencies,"By Jay Syrmopoulos
Moscow, Russia – With all eyes on Russia’s unveiling their latest nuclear intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which NATO has dubbed the “SATAN” missile , as tensions with the U.S. increase, Moscow’s most potent “weapon” may be something drastically different.
The rapidly evolving geopolitical “weapon” brandished by Russia is an ever increasing stockpile of gold, as well as Russia’s native currency, the ruble.
Take a look at the symbol below, as it could soon come to change the entire hierarchy of the international order – potentially ushering in a complete international paradigm shift – and much sooner than you might think.
The symbol is the new designation of the Russian ruble, Russia’s national currency.
Similar to how the U.S. uses the dollar sign ($), the U.K. uses the pound sign (£), and the European Union uses the euro symbol (€), Russia is about to begin exporting its symbol internationally.
After the failed “reset” in U.S./Russian relations by the Obama administration, and the continued deterioration of the countries relationship, Washington began targeting entire sectors of the Russian economy, as well as specific individuals, meant to impose an economic burden so severe that it would force Moscow into compliance.
Instead of decimating Russia, what it precipitated was a Russian response of gradually weaning themselves off of the hegemony of the U.S. petrodollar, and working with China to create an alternative to the SWIFT payment system that isn’t solely controlled by Western interests (see Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank , New Development Bank).
According to the Corbett Report :
New reports indicate that China is ready to launch its SWIFT alternative, and for those who have their ear to the ground this is the most significant move yet in the unfolding process of de-dollarization that is seeing the BRICS-led “resistance bloc” breaking away from the financial stranglehold of the US-led “Washington Consensus.”
For those who don’t know, SWIFT stands for the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication and is shorthand for the SWIFTNet Network that is used by over 10,500 financial institutions in 215 countries and territories to transmit financial transaction data around the world. SWIFT does not do any of the clearing or processing for these transactions itself, but instead sends the payment orders that are then settled by correspondent banks of the member institutions. Still, given the system’s near universality in the financial system, it means that virtually every international transaction between banking institutions goes through the SWIFT network.
This is why de-listing from the SWIFT network remains one of the primary financial weapons wielded by the US and its allies in their increasingly important financial warfare campaigns.
Recently, financial guru Jim Rickards, author of the book “Currency Wars,” wrote that “Russia is poised for a major comeback in its economy. Russian bonds and stocks and the Russian currency, the ruble, will all benefit.” Rickards believes a “strong turnaround” is coming within Russia, and that this comeback will benefit the ruble.
While still suffering from the economic warfare being waged by the U.S., Russia has realized that as long they are subservient to the petrodollar, there remains a clear and present danger of the Russian economy being devastated by the whims of Washington. 
The Bank of Russia, that nation’s central bank, is extremely clear about its mission, and monetary policy declaring on its website:
Monetary policy constitutes an integral part of the state policy and is aimed at enhancing well-being of Russian citizens. The Bank of Russia implements monetary policy in the framework of inflation-targeting regime, and sees price stability, albeit sustainably low inflation, as its priority. Given structural peculiarities of the Russian economy, the target is to reduce inflation to 4% by 2017 and maintain it within that range in the medium run.
In layman’s terms, that means that monetary policy, similar to nuclear weapons and the military, are “an integral part of the state policy” in Russia. While many analysts have noted the increased build-up in Russia’s military arsenal, seemingly few have highlighted the massive build-up of Russian gold reserves over the past decade.
Below is a chart showing Russian gold reserves between 1994 and last year, 2015:

Since 2006, there has been a year-on-year increase that reveals a significant upward trend. The chart clearly reveals that Russia’s state policy of increasing state monetary assets, in the form of gold. Additionally, the Russian government has been converting state rubles into gold assets. From 2006 to 2015, Russia’s state holdings of gold tripled.
Within just the past year Russia has substantially increased its gold holdings
According to the Business Insider :
In July of this year, the central bank of Russia added 200,000 ounces of gold to its reserves. The one-month uptick in Russian gold reserves — 200,000 ounces — is approximately equal to the entire annual output of Barrick Gold’s Turquoise Ridge gold mine in Nevada.
At that same rate — 200,000 ounces per month — in a mere five months, Russia would add to state gold reserves the equivalent of the entire annual output of Barrick’s massive Goldstrike mine in Nevada.
Currently, Russian gold reserves rank seventh in the world. It’s clear that there is a concerted effort by Russian authorities to build up the country’s gold reserves as part of a national strategy to negate the effects of economic warfare waged by the United States.
Rickards, in his 2011 book “Currency Wars,” theorized that Russia and China could combine their gold reserves to form a global gold-backed currency to compete against the U.S. dollar. Currently, Russian reserves stand at roughly 1,500 tonnes, with Chinese reserves totaling over 1,800 tonnes (according to China — it’s likely more), which would amount to a combined total of roughly 3,300 tonnes of gold.
The U.S. is about to lose overarching control of policymaking within the International Monetary Fund (IMF), thus the U.S. lockup on global gold is about to vanish, according to Business Insider.
Imagine for a moment the distinctly real possibility that Russian-Chinese alliance could exercise indirect (or even direct) control over the IMF’s gold reserve of over 2,800 tonnes. Russian, Chinese and IMF gold combined would equal roughly 6,100 tonnes, and would allow for direct competition with the U.S. gold reserves, estimated at 8,100 tonnes.
Russia and China have realized that the petrodollar is wielded by Washington as it’s weapon of choice when opposing a well-armed state, and clearly see the writing on the wall – thus working together to create a new global financial paradigm.
The reality is that the United States is $20 trillion dollars in debt, and eventually the time will come when the U.S. economy begins to implode — and all the fiat currency people are stuck holding will essentially be worth nothing more than the paper it’s printed on. Hard assets, such as gold and silver, should be bought and taken custody of while there is still an opportunity to do so, as a means of hedging against the potentially disastrous results of the U.S. using the petrodollar as a “weapon.”
Ultimately, the United States, Russia and China are all controlled by centralized power-hungry tyrants attempting to command powerful global bureaucracies like the IMF, the World Bank, SWIFT, New Development Bank and the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.
It’s not Russian nuclear weapons that people should fear, as the policy of mutually assured destruction essentially voids any benefit of a state launching a first-strike nuclear attack. The true threat to America is our economic house of cards, built upon the back of a neoliberal trade policy that puts the “rights” of corporations over that of people .
Source: The Free Thought Project 
Related: Russia to buy 200 tons of gold in 2016 Russia becomes world’s largest gold buyer Russia Adds 300,000 oz to Gold Reserves in February China, Russia and Iran planning gold backed currency Russia Bought More Than 200 Tonnes of Gold in 2015 Away From Dollar: Russia, China to Create Entirely Different Gold Market Gold Bullion Is “100% Guarantee from Legal and Political Risks” – Russia Germany joins China and Russia’s flight to gold Russian Ruble: Soon to Be Backed by Gold? Is Russia Planning A Gold-Based Currency? END GAME: Putin May End Ruble Crisis by Taking Russia onto the GOLD STANDARD! Checkmate: Is Russia Selling Oil For Gold? China & Russia to Accuse U.S. of Not Having the Gold Russia is stockpiling gold bullion Currency Wars: Russia Not Declaring All Gold Reserves To IMF? Russia admits it’s dumping USD and Euro for gold Russia Buys 900,000 Ounces Of Gold Worth $1.17 Billion In April Russia Raises Gold Holdings By 7.247 Tonnes To Over 1,040 Tonnes In February ",0
13349,"South Korea’s President Park Awaits Her Fate, Dejected, Sleepless and Alone - The New York Times","SEOUL, South Korea  —   As the protests against her have grown larger, louder and closer, and her career, reputation and presidency march inexorably toward an impeachment vote on Friday, President Park   has kept mostly hidden from public view, gripped by   and despair, and largely alone. Cloistered in the presidential Blue House, which in a twist of fate befitting a Greek tragedy is also her childhood home, she has had few visitors, aides said. At 64, she is not married and has no children. Her brother and sister have been estranged from her for years. Her three most trusted aides have been fired over the corruption and   scandal that now threatens to undo her presidency. One has been jailed. Ms. Park’s closest friend and confidante, Choi   is also in jail. Ms. Park has stopped attending cabinet and presidential staff meetings. She has been dejected, she said in one public apology, losing “countless nights” of sleep and at times regretting ever becoming president. “She has grown noticeably wan,” said Chung   the floor leader of Ms. Park’s governing party, Saenuri, who visited her in the Blue House on Tuesday. “She said a few times that she was sorry to our lawmakers. ” Since the scandal began to break into public view in October, over allegations that Ms. Park conspired with Ms. Choi to extort tens of millions of dollars from big businesses and to help Ms. Choi, who had no official post, manipulate government affairs from the shadows, Ms. Park has rarely been seen in public. She last met a foreign visitor on Nov. 10, when she greeted a presidential delegation from Kazakhstan, the same day she spoke on the phone with   Donald J. Trump. She has delivered three televised apologies, each only several minutes long, sometimes choking with emotion. “My heart is crushed,” she said, “when I think I cannot resolve the deep disappointment and anger of the people even if I apologize 100 times. ” She was said to have heard the weekly protests calling for her to leave office. Those protests have grown from 20, 000 people in central Seoul six weeks ago to about 1. 7 million on Saturday, who came within a few hundred feet of her compound, shouting, “Evict her!” “The president heard the people’s voices with a heavy heart,” Jung   Ms. Park’s spokesman, said after one of the protests, though he did not clarify whether she heard the protesters’ shouts through her window or, as one South Korean news outlet has reported, watched them on TV. Beyond that, her aides have declined to discuss her daily routine or her mood these days, except to say that she was taking the crisis gravely and was doing her best to deal with it. They said she had invited Christian leaders and a top Buddhist monk to visit her last month to offer advice on the crisis. Her office did not disclose what they told her, except that the monk had quoted Buddhist scripture, saying, “A tree bears fruit when it sheds flowers. ” For many in South Korea, the flower has already fallen. As Ms. Park’s approval rating has plummeted, shop owners across the country have pulled down pictures of her they once hung proudly on the wall. Even in her hometown, Daegu, where she made a brief visit last week, she was confronted by protesters demanding her resignation. After visiting a   market that had been heavily damaged in a fire, her office said, she returned to her car and wept. Possibly the last time a South Korean leader was this isolated was in 2008, when massive crowds had rallied in central Seoul for weeks to protest President Lee  ’s decision to lift a ban on American beef imports amid fears of mad cow disease. At the time, Mr. Lee said he climbed Mount Bugak, the cool green peak that rises above the Blue House, in the evening, saw the protesters’ candlelight filling the city center and wept. For Ms. Park, the Blue House itself is ablaze with memories. She first moved there at age 9, when her father, Maj. Gen. Park   seized power in a military coup in 1961. At 22, after her mother was killed in an assassination attempt against her father, she became his acting first lady. In 1979, after her father was assassinated amid widespread protests against his dictatorship, she left the presidential palace, only to return as president in 2013. In between, she lived a secluded life in southern Seoul, in a house plastered with photos of her dead parents and adorned with their relics. “Her home was more like a museum for Park ” Choi   an editorial writer at the South Korean daily JoongAng Ilbo, wrote recently of his visit there a decade ago. “It looked as if her clock had stopped in the 1970s and she spent much time communicating with her dead father. ” Mr. Choi described the atmosphere there as “heavy and dark. ” In her 1993 memoir, “What If I Were Born in an Ordinary Family,” Ms. Park wrote of her tragic family history and her sadness: “In my life’s scale, the worthwhile times have never outweighed painful ones. ” In the end, Ms. Park’s cloistered life may have set the stage for her political implosion. She has said she often spends evenings alone reading government reports. She shuns    meetings with senior aides. Her former cook told a South Korean magazine that she usually ate alone, watching TV. She has said she cut ties with her brother and sister to prevent nepotism, a bane of past South Korean presidents. She has two dogs, white Jindos, a Korean breed prized for its loyalty. But in an episode that has haunted her presidency, when the ferry Sewol sank in 2014, killing more than 300 people in one of the country’s biggest disasters in decades, her chief of staff said he could not locate her for seven hours. Where she was during those crucial hours has been one of the most jealously guarded secrets of her office, spawning lurid rumors. Her office recently said that she was in her residence, not in her main work office, at the time and that she did receive reports about the sinking. In testimony before a parliamentary hearing on Wednesday, her former chief of staff, Kim   said only that he did not know where in the sprawling compound she was. “I only knew that she was somewhere in the Blue House,” he said. “I didn’t know well what was going on in her personal life in her residence. ” Her trusted friend and adviser all these years was Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power. After becoming president, Ms. Park has said that she continued to rely on Ms. Choi to look after her wardrobe and other personal affairs. Prosecutors said Ms. Choi did far more than that, and they have indicted her on extortion and other charges. While Ms. Park cannot be indicted while she holds office, the indictment of Ms. Choi identified Ms. Park as a criminal  accomplice, a first for a president. In her apologies, a   Ms. Park has said she could not forgive herself for letting her guard down with Ms. Choi, who she said had helped her during her “lonely” and “difficult times. ” But she admitted no legal wrongdoing. By this time, few Koreans trusted her. According to opinion polls, she had become the least popular president since South Korea began democratizing in the late 1980s. She has tried to restore a semblance of normalcy to her besieged administration by making appointments of ambassadors and deputy cabinet ministers. Her government also pressed ahead with signing a controversial military intelligence sharing pact with Japan. It all may be too little, too late, and the crowds outside the Blue House on a recent Saturday evinced little sympathy. “If you are so lonely,” some chanted, “why don’t you go and join Choi   in her prison cell?”",0
13350,Minnesota Somali Groups Join to Speak with One Voice at Capitol,"Minnesota Somali Groups Join to Speak with One Voice at Capitol Mila Koumpilova, Star Tribune, October 25, 2016 
Minnesota’s largest Somali nonprofits are teaming up to present a unified lobbying front to the state this winter. 
In recent months, the leaders of eight Somali community groups joined forces on several projects, hired a lobbyist and scored face time with the state’s lieutenant governor. Now, the new coalition is gearing up to ask state legislators for about $11 million for Somali community initiatives, building on $2 million Gov. Mark Dayton earmarked for such projects in this year’s budget. 
“Why not combine our separate efforts and do a better collaborative effort?” said Mohamud Noor, head of the Confederation of Somali Community, a coalition member. 
Spearheaded by the Minneapolis Foundation, the initiative is also a bid to nudge Somali-American nonprofits to better track and report results. 
A University of Southern California study last year found Somali-Americans celebrate the work of some leaders of 35 registered nonprofits and a host of more informal groups. But they distrust others. Study participants perceived some self-styled community leaders–dubbed “the Pretenders”–as adept at applying for grants but with little to show for it. 
{snip} 
This year’s state budget includes $2 million for investments in the Somali community–part of Dayton’s package of $35 million for addressing racial disparities in Minnesota. The Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development, and the nonprofit Youthprise each received roughly half of the money, which they will distribute in grants. The department is now weighing 30 proposals worth a total of $6.7 million for its half. 
“The $2 million wasn’t even close to being sufficient,” Warfa said. “We are asking for more money.” 
Weli says the group also wants to push the state to entrust Somali-led nonprofits with funds directly, rather than steering resources to state agencies. 
“The system is not structured so that people of color serve themselves,” she said. “They are always the recipients of services.” 
{snip} 
The group is calling for investments to encourage entrepreneurship and homeownership, expand mental health services, provide culturally sensitive prenatal care and spur youth leadership. 
A more specific proposal is still a work in progress, leaders acknowledge. 
{snip} 
Mohamed Ahmed, a creator of cartoons lampooning extremists, who is not part of the coalition, says many in the community feel acute mistrust of local nonprofits and community leaders. 
“You can literally throw a stone and hit a nonprofit in the community; there are so many of them, God help us,” said Ahmed, whose Average Mohamed initiative recently became a nonprofit as well. “Accountability and monitoring effectiveness are big issues.” 
Ahmed says Warfa is well-respected, and a group of nonprofits that will hold each other accountable is a promising step. 
{snip}",0
13351,"Somehow, ‘Slush Day’ Doesn’t Have the Same Ring - The New York Times","A winter snowstorm can be serene. It can be lovely. It can be invigorating. And it can be an unexpected respite from the daily hustle. Tuesday’s storm was none of those things. It was a big sloppy mess of sleet and snow, marked by fierce winds and falling temperatures that threatened to turn wet roads and sidewalks into slick sheets of ice. At least that was the case in the major coastal cities of the Northeast, where fears of a   blizzard dissolved into a slushy mix of rain, snow and sleet. New York City and the region did not come to a halt under a blanket of snow. Instead, they skidded through the day in a muck of ice and slush. “What a mess,” said Soo Becchina, a   teacher, from Oceanside, N. Y. on Long Island. “When I was shoveling all I kept thinking was how wet and heavy the snow was. It’s like getting a slushy from   without the straw, red coloring and cup. ” There were reasons to be concerned on Monday night as two powerful weather systems  —   one coming out of the Midwest and the other moving up from the southeast  —   were set on a collision course. Some models showed that as much as two feet of snow would fall in the city. Governors and mayors in the metropolitan region rushed to the microphones to issue sweeping warnings and declare states of emergency. In Connecticut, a travel ban was put in place, ordering all cars off the roads by 5 a. m. Subway service in New York City was curtailed, with the Metropolitan Transportation Agency ordering all aboveground tracks and stations closed.   trains stopped running. The buses in New Jersey sat idle. Schools were closed, museums shuttered and concerts canceled. (On Broadway, however, the show went on and theaters were open Tuesday night.) Thousands of flights were canceled. Tens of thousands of people lost power as high winds and heavy snow downed lines. But as with any forecasts involving snow near the coast, there was always a caveat: the   divide. If the storm set up a good distance off shore, New York and the rest of the coast would be walloped. A few miles to the west and it would deliver more rain and sleet than snow. “The storm tracked closer to the coast than previously forecast and brought warmer air with it,” said Joe Pollina, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service. “Mother Nature is an unpredictable lady,” Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo of New York said at a news conference Tuesday. While the focus overnight was on the city and Long Island, Mr. Cuomo shifted resources upstate as it became clear that the Southern Tier would be harder hit. He announced a full travel ban on Interstate 84 from the Pennsylvania border to the Connecticut border on Tuesday afternoon. The heaviest snowfall was expected near the Interstate 81 corridor of Pennsylvania and in the Hudson Valley of New York, approaching two feet in some places. Northern Connecticut and parts of Massachusetts and New Hampshire were also expected to get significant snow. Some towns and communities were left buried in snow, like   Pa. Tony Brooks, vice chairman of the City Council, said that by midafternoon Tuesday, they had been buried in more than two feet of snow, the most of any storm since 1996. He said that the city was at an “absolute standstill” and that the only people on the streets were college students who were enjoying the snow. “There is not a soul on the street except college students,” he said. By early afternoon, snow was falling fast and furiously around Boston, where 12 inches was expected. While that was some 6 inches below what had been forecast, Gov. Charlie Baker repeated warnings for commuters to stay home. “We’ve seen the snowfall pick up,” Mr. Baker said at an early afternoon press briefing. “Most places are now seeing somewhere between 2 and 4 inches per hour. ” Power outages were beginning to tick upward, with 63, 000 reported in the state by early evening. Mr. Pollina, of the National Weather Service, also warned that even in those places with only a few inches of snow, like New York City, any liquid on the ground would turn to ice overnight. Temperatures in New York were expected to hover in the teens after nightfall and were not likely to rise above freezing on Wednesday. Kim Buttrick of the National Weather Service in Taunton, Mass. said that people tend to focus only on the snow and miss other dangers, including the wind. The eastern coast of Massachusetts could get wind gusts of over 50 miles per hour during the storm, she said Nantucket and outer Cape Cod could get gusts of up to 65 m. p. h. “That’s   conditions,” Ms. Buttrick said. Forecasters are expecting moderate coastal flooding in New England. “You have waves building off shore,” Ms. Buttrick said. “This storm will pound the coast, especially for our   and   shore lines. There’ll be beach erosion, some flooding of roadways, possible damage to marinas, docks and piers. ” Even though the storm failed to deliver heavy snow, in some places, officials continued to urge people to stay home, if possible. “It’s a good day to make brownies,” said Gov. Dannel P. Malloy of Connecticut. But once that was done, what joys were left when the precipitation was more ice than snow and the wind could make even adults tear up? “Right now there has been no pleasure,” said Michael Weiss of Syosset, N. Y. on Long Island. He works in Manhattan but was home with his wife, two daughters  —   ages 9 and 11  —   and their    hound mix named Cody. “So far I have gotten lots of email from work. I made breakfast. Shoveled the front and back steps and walked the dog around the neighborhood,” he said. “Hopefully, later I will be able to go out with the kids and make an iceman. ”",0
13352,Short-sighted pervert disappointed not to see a film called ‘Fantastic Breasts and Where to Find Them’,"Monday 21 November 2016 by Davywavy and H Short-sighted pervert disappointed not to see a film called ‘Fantastic Breasts and Where to Find Them’ 
A solitary cinema-goer was today loudly demanding a refund of £18 from the Odeon Leicester Square, ‘plus the money for the 3D glasses’. 
Myopic raincoat wearer and aggrieved onanist Simon Williams, 47, told the Thump, “I’ve always had a keen interest in the, hem, hem, beauties of nature.” 
“From the pert cups of budding maidenhood to the more rrrrounded and queenly figure,” he added, breathing rapidly and mopping sweat off his face. 
In answer to our next question, Mr Williams confirmed that he had never had a girlfriend, but didn’t think this had been an impediment. 
“Au contraire,” he confided, with what we assume was a roguish snort. 
“Sadly,” Williams went on, “over the years, my hobby has led to a deterioration in my eyesight, as my old scoutmaster once warned me would happen. 
“And this has led to me making a perfectly natural and disappointing mistake in the title of a film, for which I hold the Odeon cinema chain entirely culpable.” 
Ordering a couple of bouncers to throw Williams roughly out into the street, the Odeon manager emphasised that he would not be welcome back in the cinema “now or at any future time.” 
“And I’ve warned the Vue and the Empire to keep an eye open for him as well,” he added. Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently witterings below - why not add your own? ",0
13353,"What’s goes around comes around, or How Russia and the US are trading punches, by Scott Humor","Saker Message: No current Saker messages. What’s goes around comes around, or How Russia and the US are trading punches, by Scott Humor 
This article was first published by the Duran 
Three years ago someone’s video parody of a “ Russian guy’s reaction ” to a meteor falling over Chelyabinsk went viral. “Russia Today” even included it into its reportage of how the Russian dashcam videos become internet sensations [2:24]. 
This 10 sec video had done more to project the toughness of Russians than all the fireworks of Vitaly Churkin’s diplomatic rhetoric. Hands down, Churkin is brilliant and his speeches should be included into high school curriculum, however, due to peculiarities of the Western supranational media, his oratorical talent remains largely unrecognized by a wider audience. Yet, everyone remembers a video of a guy in a knitted cap, who just lowered a sun visor driving directly onto a collision path with a rapidly approaching celestial body. 
Readers and commentators of The Saker blog often express their frustration with the “lack of immediate” response to the Western provocations from the Russian government and society . “Why don’t Russia’s government respond by hitting them back hard and in kind?” ask out readers. Whereat we, Russians, consider this to be our national character trait. Rather than jumping nervously every time the West says “Boo!” we keep steadfastly and resolutely moving forward despite of adversities. 
There is also a well calculated geopolitical dimension to this “wait and observe” stance chosen by the Russia’s government every time Washington comes up with a newly staged provocation. Which is every Monday, Wednesday and Friday, if I am not mistaken. “Washington” here is being a working term to include Pentagon, CIA and also a slew of companies like: 
Valbin Corporation – Bethesda, MD 
CACI International Inc – Suitland, MD 
Leidos – Vienna, VA 
Varen Technologies – Fort Meade, MD 
Sagent Partners – Linthicum, MD 
Pluribus International – Fort Meade, MD 
Assured Information Security, Inc – Fort Meade, MD 
AECOM – Chantilly, VA 
Razor Technology LLC – Washington, DC 
Engility Corporation — Fort Meade, MD 
Goldbelt Inc – Herndon, VA 
CWU, Inc. – Hunter Army Airfield, GA 
Belay Technologies, Inc — Annapolis Junction, MD 
Applied Technology Group – Annapolis Junction, MD 
Booz Allen Hamilton – McLean, VA 
Pluribus International – Fort Meade, MD 
Advantage SCI – United States 
This is just a short snippet of a long list of willing participants in a division of a US military budget pie, which is now turned into a thriving and mushrooming industry of private constructors specializing in recognizance, intelligence gathering, intelligence analysis of SIGINT & FININT in support of operations CONUS or OCONUS. 
We, of course, are mostly interested in “operations” that are being conducted OCONUS, which is outside of the continental US, also known as the rest of the world. In case you are wondering about the location of your country in relation to the US intelligence community. Take the US military, plus the entirety of NATO, some crafty old spy masters from Britain, France, and Germany, add to it hundreds of private and public enterprises, and you will understand where the plethora of false flag attacks, provocations, terror acts, civilian sabotage on the media, sports, kidnapping of Russian citizens and other violations of the human rights of Russians are coming from. 
In the last two weeks of October we watched a Ukrainian civil airline dispatcher threaten to take down a civil aircraft from Belarus. Russia got pushed out of the UN Human Rights Council, after the generally proven-to-be-fake campaign of the White Helmets , which are another of these private intelligence companies financed by NATO members. 
We also were presented with the gruesome murder of one of the originators of so called “ Russian Spring ” in Ukraine, known to the Western audience as “Motorola.” Keeping in mind, of course, that the “Russian Spring” starting with the Bolotnaya Square protests, just like its predecessor the “ Arab Spring ,” was engineered by Western intelligence and military complexes. Let’s give credit where credit is due. 
All of these provocations, from big to small, from violent to ridiculous, all of them have one common goal, to draw the reaction of the Russian government, to take its precious time, resources, and to disrupt its work. 
Here comes the catch: the more willing participants are being involved in designing and staging this torrid stream of provocations against Russia, the less professional, less coordinated, and less convincing they are becoming. It’s exactly like with the famed musical “Cats” which was perfectly choreographed on Broadway, but watching it on a community theater stage would hurt your eyes in shame for the production crew and actors. 
By the fall of 2016, the saturation of provocative actions against Russia has reached it’s critical stage. In other words, we had ceased reacting emotionally to them and have started analyzing them rationally. 
This explains the Russian government’s reaction to the multitude of recent provocative actions. A reaction that can be generally described as “muted,”“low-key,”“hushed,” and at least in one instance “absent.” 
Knowing who or what is behind a provocation should warrant a type of response, if any. 
Let’s say, the Justice Department backtracks it’s perfidious demands for billions of dollars in fines arbitrarily imposed on Deutsche Bank, only after Germany agrees to deploy its troops and tanks to the Russian border. Understandably, their move puts an adult population of Russian into a sentimental mood summarized in “let’s finish the job our grandfather died doing.” Russia’s Foreign Ministry issues a warming statement, and the Defense Ministry moves a few troops closer to the Western border, mirroring NATO moves. The Pentagon and CIA issue memos to the all Western media outlets stating the “Russian aggression.” The Western press copies these memos verbatim and propagates them in every nook and cranny of the “free” world. 
After that, the Russian Defense Ministry releases information on successful testing of a new “Sarmat” missile with some of its technical characteristics. Youtube hosts several videos with detailed explanations of how it takes only two Sarmats to destroy the East and West coasts of the US. They also specifically explain why Sarmat is invincible to the Western anti-missile systems. If you wonder how we got to this point, see the aforementioned information. 
Everyone, privy to the latest Russian military upgrades, which includes every YouTube viewer, can see the Russian government response to the attacks of the US banking system and Wall Street and the DOJ. 
We are witnessing a situation when hundreds of companies employing well over a million people who are trying to make themselves relevant in a crowded industry of war making, by producing torrents of “events” around the globe. They are the Americans with “gas cans” setting fires around the globe, according to the memorable comparison made by Rostislav Ishchenko in his April 2015 article “ What does Putin want?” 
He wrote: “ One can only guess who will be more effective – the Americans with their gas can or the Russians with their fire extinguisher? ” 
Fire, however, dies quickly in the absence of oxygen. Most of the anti-Russian actions go unnoticed and just turn into white noise, but some manage to stand out in the news for a day or longer. In essence, they all vie for the Russian government attention. Maybe that gets them a yearend bonus and an annual contract renewal? 
Thank you for your time, 
Scott",0
13354,"Kellogg Announces Job Cuts, Closures, Slashes Sales Forecast","Kellogg Company, the nation’s largest breakfast cereal manufacturer, is again announcing major cut backs and has slashed its sales forecast as profits continue to fall. [On February 9 the   company cut its sales projections for the year after experiencing another quarterly decline.  The company imagined it would have flat sales but instead found a two percent decline. “For the quarter ended Dec. 31, Kellogg reported a loss of $53 million, or 15 cents per share,” the Associated Press reported on Thursday. “Not including   items, it said it earned 92 cents per share. Analysts expected a profit of 85 cents per share. Total sales were $3. 1 billion, slightly better than expected revenue of $3. 07 billion. ” But that wasn’t the only cuts Kellogg Co. reported this week. The company also told investors and employees that big cuts in facilities and workers are coming. On Wednesday the company announced it was closing a large number of distribution centers across the U. S. and that layoffs would result, WKBN reported. Some insiders have said Kellogg’s is looking to cut sales representatives, merchandisers, and shuttering as many as 39 distribution centers. Kellogg spokesman Kris Charles released a statement saying the move is a “difficult decision. ” While this is the right move for the company to achieve our   objectives, it was a difficult decision because of its impact on employees. On average, our distribution centers employ approximately 30   workers. As the distribution shifts from our network to our retailers’ networks, so too will the work. We’ve been actively engaged in conversations with some of our biggest retail partners who have expressed strong interest in hiring these employees for   roles once the transition is complete. As a result, we are optimistic that our employees will find similar employment once this transition is complete so the net impact is impossible to quantify. As the affected employees work throughout the U. S. this change will not have a sizable impact on any one community. ” The closures and layoffs are to be completed by the fourth quarter of this year, the company said. John Bryant, Kellogg Company Chairman, and CEO, said that the “retail landscape continues to change” and Kellogg has to keep up with that shift. “We have to change the way we reach and communicate with consumers. Because our customers’ and our own warehouse distribution systems have become more efficient and effective, we can now redeploy resources previously tied to DSD and direct them to the kinds of brand investments that drive greater demand with today’s consumers − ultimately growing our business and our retailers’ businesses,” he said. This latest move is on top of the major cuts already announced this year. Early in January Kellogg Co. announced it was firing 250 workers. The continued moves to scale back the company comes after Kellogg’s decided to cut its advertising with Breitbart News at the end of 2016, thereby snubbing Breitbart’s 45, 000, 000 readers. In November, Kellogg’s noted that Breitbart News’s conservative readers are not “aligned with our values as a company. ” While the decision by Kellogg’s to cease advertising made virtually no revenue impact on Breitbart. com. it did represent an escalation in the war by companies like Target and Allstate against conservative customers whose values propelled Donald Trump into the White House. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
13355,‘Ben-Hur’ Is Latest Flop for Paramount - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   During new pressure on Viacom to turn around Paramount Pictures, the studio misfired again over the weekend: “” which cost Paramount and    about $100 million to make, not including marketing expenses, arrived to a disastrous $11. 4 million in domestic ticket sales.   flops are no longer uncommon in Hollywood. What is unusual is the patience that Paramount’s corporate owner has afforded the studio. In addition to “” “Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows,” “Whiskey Tango Foxtrot” and “Zoolander 2” failed to find audiences for Paramount. “Star Trek Beyond” has been a hit. But domestic ticket sales for that film trail its series predecessor by 36 percent. (“Star Trek Beyond” is still rolling out in major markets overseas.) On Friday, as Viacom ousted its chief executive, a media analyst, Michael Nathanson, called Paramount a “truly shocking” problem, noting in a report that the studio may lose $350 million this year. Paramount did protect itself financially on “ ” by teaming with    which paid for 80 percent of the production costs. Paramount also believes that “ ” can take in $100 million overseas. “Movies like ‘Ghostbusters,’ ‘Independence Day’ and ‘ ’ certainly looked like they were going to be big going into the summer, but audiences, especially in the world of remakes, have been very tough,” Rob Moore, Paramount’s vice chairman, said in a phone interview on Sunday. Directed by Timur Bekmambetov and counting Mark Burnett as a producer, “ ” appeared to run into several problems. It was a poorly reviewed remake of a celebrated classic for which few were clamoring. Moviegoers have also generally ignored    epics in recent years. In terms of turnaround efforts at Paramount, Mr. Moore pointed toward coming films like “Jack Reacher: Never Go Back,” with Tom Cruise “Arrival,” a   thriller and “Fences,” an adaptation of the August Wilson play starring Denzel Washington and Viola Davis that is seen as an Oscar candidate. For the weekend, “Suicide Squad” (Warner Bros.) was again the No. 1 ticket seller. It took in about $20. 7 million, for a   domestic total of $262. 3 million, according to comScore. (Overseas, “Suicide Squad” has taken in $310. 4 million.) Among new   the   comedic drama “War Dogs” (Warner Bros.) performed the best. Costing at least $45 million to make, “War Dogs,” which received mediocre reviews, collected an estimated $14. 3 million. The animated movie “Kubo and the Two Strings” (Focus Features) which delighted most critics and cost Laika Entertainment $55 million to make, arrived to about $12. 6 million in ticket sales.",0
13356,"Surveillance ""Reforms"" Allow NSA Greater Access Than Ever to Phone Data","Email 
Even as surveillance hawks such as FBI Director James Comey, CIA Director John Brennan, and joint chairs of the Senate Intelligence Committee Senators Richard Burr (R-N.C.) and Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) continue to claim that terrorists and other criminals are using technology to “go dark,” so America needs an increased ability to perform civilian surveillance, the reality is that the hawks have more access to more data than ever before. And — as recent information confirms — many of the reasons for that increased surveillance ability are the supposed “reforms” that were sold to the American people as a way to curtail that surveillance. 
Those in power — especially those who have built their careers in government by expanding the surveillance state — are not above using manipulation to increase their power by increasing that surveillance. The recent surveillance “reforms” — particularly the misnamed USA FREEDOM Act — prove that point perhaps better than anything else could. As this writer said last year: On Saturday, November 28, 2015, the NSA telephone surveillance program ended. Except that it didn't. The spying program — made famous when former NSA contractor Ed Snowden leaked a trove of secret documents to reporters — has simply continued under different authority. The ""new and improved"" surveillance may even be worse than before because the required warrants will be issued by a secret court. When the USA FREEDOM Act became law in June 2015, it was sold to the American people as a solution to the unwarranted surveillance Snowden had revealed. The law was set to take effect November 28, 2015 and ""reform"" that warrantless surveillance. The USA FREEDOM Act, like the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, is a misnomer. The name is a not-very-subtle manipulation, designed to hide from the American people the real nature of the law. The architects of the USA PATRIOT Act used the word ""patriot"" to persuade Americans that the ""patriotic"" way to confront the specter of terrorism was to trade liberty for security. It took the one but never delivered the other. Likewise, in the USA FREEDOM Act, the use of the word ""freedom"" is designed to convince Americans that their freedom is being returned to them by ""reforming"" the surveillance state. In fact, no such reform is taking place . 
And while the surveillance hawks claim that the “war on terror” (another misnomer) depends on mass surveillance, there is more at stake here than just security. Liberty — and the privacy that must necessarily accompany it — falls in direct proportion to the rise of the surveillance state. In the digital age, there is no line of demarcation between digital privacy and any other privacy, between digital liberty and any other liberty. After all, if you have no choice about the data that is collected on you and who has access to it — including your phone calls, texts, e-mails, browsing history, calendar, and more — can you really be said to be free? 
Mass surveillance, far from a solution, is itself a major part of the problem. Not only does it threaten privacy and liberty, it is counterproductive to the stated goal of finding and stopping terrorists. If one is trying to find a needle in a haystack, adding more hay is not the way to go about it; investigators should narrow their searches, not expand them. 
The rise of the surveillance state in the 15 years since 9/11 has taken its toll on the American spirit. And yet, even while gathering data on more and more of the inhabitants of planet Earth at a greater and greater rate, the surveillance hawks still want more. Last December, Senator Burr wrote an op-ed piece for the Wall Street Journal that was laden with errors, half-truths, and outright lies. The article claimed that encryption — used by millions of ordinary people every day — is a tool of terrorism which “allows criminals and terrorists, as the law enforcement community says, to 'go dark' and plot with abandon.” In an obvious attempt at giving lip service to the rights of individuals to protect their privacy and liberty, Burr wrote: Consumer information should be protected, and the development of stronger and more robust levels of encryption is necessary. Unfortunately, the protection that encryption provides law-abiding citizens is also available to criminals and terrorists. Today's messaging systems are often designed so that companies' own developers cannot gain access to encrypted content — and, alarmingly, not even when compelled by a court order. This allows criminals and terrorists, as the law enforcement community says, to ""go dark"" and plot with abandon. 
But is Burr correct? Does modern technology allow “ criminals and terrorists, as the law enforcement community says, to ‘go dark’ and plot with abandon”? Not even close. The myth of “going dark” is little more than a bogey-man, used to scare people into sacrificing their rights for the hollow promise of safety. As this writer said in the article quoted above: When the final USA FREEDOM Act vote was counted in the Senate on June 2, 2015, The New American 's Warren Mass reported that the act, which was sold to the American people as a way to ""reform the authorities of the Federal Government"" to (among other things) conduct electronic surveillance for ""foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes,"" was both misleading and unnecessary. If true reform had been the goal, a large part of that goal had already been accomplished. On May 31 the provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act, which had been interpreted to allow much of the surveillance exposed by Snowden, expired: Many of those authorities — which the National Security Agency (NSA) has used to justify the collection of phone records — had been found in provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act that expired at midnight Sunday night. Therefore, Congress could have eliminated those surveillance powers merely by doing nothing. Despite promises made by its supporters, the USA Freedom Act doesn't end government snooping. It merely shifts the responsibility for collecting communications metadata from the NSA to companies such as AT&T, Sprint, and Verizon, which already keep customer records for as long as five years. The NSA or the FBI would simply need to obtain permission from the secret FISA Court to access that data — and the court nearly always grants it. 
At the time The New American published that article and the previous article by Warren Mass (which is quoted in that article), the mainstream media was singing the praises of the USA FREEDOM Act. Recently, our dire predictions of greater surveillance resulting from the very law which promised to curtail that surveillance have been shown true. And the same mainstream media is now confirming that. ABC News recently reported that the “NSA can access more phone data than ever,” and said: One of the reforms designed to rein in the surveillance authorities of the National Security Agency has perhaps inadvertently solved a technical problem for the spy outfit and granted it potential access to much more data than before, a former top official told ABC News. 
The article cites Chris Inglis, who served as the NSA's deputy director until January 2014. Inglis told ABC News that before the USA FREEDOM Act, the NSA had incomplete access to phone records because the agency had to pull the data from several different networks, reformat much of it and compile it “according to existing privacy policies.” Since the USA FREEDOM Act shifts much of that responsibility to the carriers — who are required under the law to maintain that data and make it available to the NSA — Inglis told ABC News that all the technical and compliance issues are now ""somebody else's problem."" The report also says: The USA Freedom Act ended the NSA's bulk collection of metadata but charged the telecommunications companies with keeping the data on hand. The NSA and other U.S. government agencies now must request information about specific phone numbers or other identifying elements from the telecommunications companies after going through the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) court and arguing that there is a ""reasonable, articulable suspicion"" that the number is associated with international terrorism. As a result, the NSA no longer has to worry about keeping up its own database and, according to Inglis, the percentage of available records has shot up from 30 percent to virtually 100. Rather than one internal, incomplete database, the NSA can now query any of several complete ones. The new system ""guarantees that the NSA can have access to all of it,"" Inglis said. 
Just let that marinate for a while: ""The NSA can have access to all of it."" 
So the American people were sold a bill of goods. One thing was promised and another delivered. If the mainstream media had reported on this as The New American did, perhaps America could have been spared this increased surveillance. As it is, the mainstream media is catching on too little, too late. 
As the surveillance hawks on the one side and privacy advocates on the other side continue to wage the battle for digital privacy, it is likely that some type of “compromise” will be offered to “solve the problem” of encryption. 
Don’t fall for it. Photo of the White House: CC-BY-SA-3.0 / Matt H. Wade  ",0
13357,“IN ONE DAY IT WILL BURN”: Chilling 30 Year Old Prophesy Warns Russia Will Nuke America,"Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » “IN ONE DAY IT WILL BURN”: Chilling 30 Year Old Prophesy Warns Russia Will Nuke America Even now they are preparing an attack against America. When America believes there is peace and safety, the Russians will lead an all-out attack . They already have it planned! “The Heavenly Messenger showed me all of California, Las Vegas, New York, and Florida, and said, ‘This is Sodom and Gomorrah. All of This – In ONE DAY It Will BURN…’ “ Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, unless He reveals his secret to his servants the prophets. – Amos 3:7 In 1984, a Romanian Pastor who had been mercilessly tortured by Soviet Bloc Communists for smuggling Bibles into Romania received a Chilling Warning from the Almighty: America – the Land of the Free – would be destroyed in a SINGLE DAY by the Russians in a fiery judgement – unless she repented for her great sins: Dumitru Duduman was a Romanian pastor who smuggled Bibles in his native land of Romania for 25 years. 
In 1984, God called him out of Romania to the land of America – telling Duduman He had an important warning for His people there. Duduman, unable to speak a word of English, arrived with his family in New York and subsequently Fullerton, California without as much as a play to lay their heads. 
Nearly immediately after arriving in the Land of the Free, Duduman received an Angelic Visitation, which he describes in Through the Fire Without Burning: 
It seemed we were over California. The angel said, “There is San Francisco. There is Sacramento and Modesto. Soon we will see Los Angeles.” I had no idea there were such places in California, or even in the world. But I still remember the exact names. At last we were over Fullerton where we now live. “You can go home,” the angel said, “but I want to tell you what will happen. You have seen a number of cities. 
The day will come when I will punish the citizens of those cities because of their sins. Their sin has reached into heaven. God will punish them just as he punished Sodom and Gomorrah.” 
How will this happen? Surely they are able to defend themselves against any imaginable invasion. 
“That is your opinion, not the mind of God. The Russian government will have all the information regarding the whereabouts of American missiles. They will have the exact locations of the weapons factories. Even now they are preparing an attack against America. When America believes there is peace and safety, the Russians will lead an all-out attack. They already have it planned! They plan to attack from such remote bases as Cuba, Nicaragua, Central America, Mexico, and the ocean. They have had these plans for a long time, but God has not yet allowed them to be fulfilled. Nevertheless, the day will come when America will be punished for her sins by fire.” 
Dumitru responded to the vision by fasting for 21 days, requesting it would be repeated if it was truly from God. At the conclusion of his fast, Dumitru received a second vision: 
Suddenly a bright light came toward me…from the light I head the same voice that I had heard so many times in prison. He said, “Dumitru, why are you so despaired?” 
I said, Why did you punish me? Why did you bring me to this country? I have nowhere to lay my head down. I can’t understand anybody.” He said, 
“Dumitru, didn’t I tell you I am here with you also? I brought you to this country because this country will burn.”.. 
I was not asleep. It was not a dream. It was not a vision. I was awake just as I am now. He showed me all of California and said, 
“This is Sodom and Gomorrah ! All of this, in one day it will burn! I t’s sin has reached the Holy One.” 
Then he took me to Las Vegas. 
“This is Sodom and Gomorrah! All of this, in one day it will burn!” 
Then he showed me the state of New York. “Do you know what this is?” He asked. 
I said, No. 
He said, “This is New York. This is Sodom and Gomorrah! In one day it will burn!” Then he showed me all of Florida. “This is Florida. This is Sodom and Gomorrah! In one day it will burn!”… Dumitru stated he was told America would burn because if it’s sin: This country will burn! 
I said, what will you do with the Church? He said, 
“I want to save the Church, but the churches have forsaken Me …The people praise themselves. The honor that the people are supposed to give Jesus Christ, they take upon themselves. In the churches there are divorces. There is adultery in the churches. There are homosexuals in the churches. There is abortion in the churches; and all other sins that are possible. 
Because of the sin, I have left some of the churches. You must yell in a loud voice that they must put an end to their sinning. They must turn toward the Lord. The Lord never gets tired of forgiving. They must draw close to the Lord, and live a clean life. If they have sinned until now, they must put an end to it, and start a new life as the Bible tells them to live.” Dumitru asked how these things would happen: 
“Remember this, Dumitru. The Russian spies have discovered where the nuclear warehouses are in America. When the Americans will think that it is peace and safety – from the middle of the country, some of the people will start fighting against the government. The government will be busy with internal problems. Then from the ocean, from Cuba, Nicaragua, Mexico,… (He told me two other countries, but I didn’t remember what they were) … they will bomb the nuclear warehouses. When they explode, America will burn!” 
What will you do with the Church of the Lord? How will you save the ones that will turn toward you? I asked. He said, 
“Tell them this: how I saved the three young ones from the furnace of fire, and how I saved Daniel in the lions den, is the same way I will save them.”… 
“Israel doesn’t want to recognize Jesus Christ. They put their faith in the Jewish people in America. But, when America burns, the Lord will raise China, Japan, and other nations to go against the Russians. They will beat the Russians and push them all the way to the gates of Paris. Over there they will make a treaty, and appoint the Russians as their leaders. They will then unite against Israel. 
When Israel realizes she does not have the strength of America behind her, she will be frightened. That’s when she will turn to the Messiah for deliverance. That’s when the Messiah will come. When I heard all of this I said, “If you are truly the angel of the Lord, and everything you have told me is true, then all you have said must be written in the Bible.” 
He said, “Tell everyone to read from Jeremiah 51:8-15, Revelation Chapter 18, and Zechariah Chapter 14 , where Christ fights against those who possess the earth. Only a few short years ago, Duduman’s chilling prophetic warning seemed unfathomable. The Cold War was over. Russia and America were no longer enemies. 
Thanks to Barack Obama, John Kerry, and Hillary Clinton, war with Russia is on the horizon again, if not imminent. We are reminded the fact that judgement begins with the house of God . 1 Peter 4:17 
Will God’s people in America repent, and delay God’s wrath? 
If My people, who are called by My Name, will humble themselves and pray and seek My face and turn from their wicked ways , then I will hear from heaven, and I will forgive their sin, and I will heal their land. 2 Chronicles 7:14 Ahead of the elections, we call on God’s people in America to take Saturday 10/29 as a day of repentance with sackcloth, ashes, and fasting. Behold, the Lord ’s hand is not shortened, That it cannot save; Nor His ear heavy, That it cannot hear. But your iniquities have separated you from your God ; And your sins have hidden His face from you , So that He will not hear . For your hands are defiled with blood, And your fingers with iniquity; Your lips have spoken lies, Your tongue has muttered perversity. No one calls for justice, Nor does any plead for truth… 
Their feet run to evil, And they make haste to shed innocent blood; Their thoughts are thoughts of iniquity; Wasting and destruction are in their paths. The way of peace they have not known, And there is no justice in their ways; They have made themselves crooked paths; Whoever takes that way shall not know peace… 
We look for justice, but there is none; For salvation, but it is far from us. For our transgressions are multiplied before You, And our sins testify against us; For our transgressions are with us, And as for our iniquities, we know them: In transgressing and lying against the Lord , And departing from our God, Speaking oppression and revolt, Conceiving and uttering from the heart words of falsehood. Justice is turned back, And righteousness stands afar off; For truth is fallen in the street , And equity cannot enter. So truth fails, And he who departs from evil makes himself a prey… Then the Lord saw it, and it displeased Him That there was no justice. He saw that there was no man, And wondered that there was no intercessor; Therefore His own arm brought salvation for Him; And His own righteousness, it sustained Him. For He put on righteousness as a breastplate, And a helmet of salvation on His head; He put on the garments of vengeance for clothing, And was clad with zeal as a cloak. According to their deeds, accordingly He will repay , Fury to His adversaries, Recompense to His enemies; The coastlands He will fully repay. So shall they fear The name of the Lord from the west , And His glory from the rising of the sun; When the enemy comes in like a flood, The Spirit of the Lord will lift up a standard against him. “The Redeemer will come to Zion, And to those who turn from transgression in Jacob,” Says the Lord . – Isaiah 59 Dumitru’s full amazing story Through the Fire Without Burning can be found here : Excerpts from Through the Fire Without Burning by Dumitru Duduman, Published by Hand of Help, Inc . This entry was posted in World News and tagged Is America Mystery Babylon , Mystery Babylon , nuclear war , Putin WW 3 , Repent , repentance , Russia WW 3 , Teshuva , WW 3 . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation",0
13358,Will Loretta Lynch Actually Press Charges Against Hillary? | The Federalist Papers,"Pinterest 
Attorney General Loretta Lynched promised this July that she would press charges against Hillary Clinton if recommended by the FBI. 
As more details emerge regarding Clinton’s use of a private server during her time as Secretary of State, and a new investigation by the FBI opening only days before the election, Lynch’s promise has taken on renewed significance. 
The Daily Caller reports: 
The New York Times reported Friday that the emails were obtained from a device belonging to either longtime Clinton aide Huma Abedin, or her estranged husband, former Democratic congressman Anthony Weiner, who is under investigation for sending illicit text messages to a 15-year-old girl. 
So far, Lynch has remained silent on Comey’s announcement regarding the newly discovered emails. 
Lynch was the subject of public scrutiny after it was revealed that she and Bill Clinton met for 30 minutes on an airplane runway at the end of June. 
Lynch admitted that the meeting “cast a shadow” over the investigation, before making her promise to accept the FBI’s recommendations. 
When the FBI requested to open up a public integrity investigation into the Clinton Foundation, however, the Department of Justice (which is headed up by Lynch) declined, claiming there was insufficient evidence to open an investigation. 
New details have already emerged that prove relevant to the FBI’s investigation of Hillary Clinton. That, in fact, is why the case was re-opened yesterday. 
If those new details prove particularly damning for Hillary, the FBI could very well recommend criminal charges against the former Secretary of State and current Democratic nominee for president. 
Worse yet, that FBI recommendation could come before the election. 
Whether or not she intends to keep the promise she made four months ago, the spotlight will certainly then fall on Lynch to act and act fast. 
What she’ll do next is anyone’s guess. 
But keep in mind Lynch is an Obama appointee. And if history is any indication, when given the choice between doing what is right and doing what is not right, Obama and his friends will choose the latter option every time. ",0
13359,Prof. Michael Hudson on Hillary Clinton and the US Elections     : Information," Prof. Michael Hudson on Hillary Clinton and the US Elections Video
Prof. Michael Hudson, economist and author of 'Killing the Host- How Financial Parasites and Debt Destroy the Global Economy', speaks to Ross Ashcroft about the difficult choice faced by Americans in the upcoming US elections. Posted October 31, 2016",0
13360,Infant and Fetus Remains Are Found at Ex-Home for Unwed Mothers in Ireland - The New York Times,"DUBLIN  —   The local historian had been telling the authorities for years that dead infants might have been buried in an old sewage system on the grounds of a former home for unmarried mothers and their children in the west of Ireland. Little attention was paid to her claims at first, but the questions eventually led to the establishment of a   investigation. And on Friday, the investigators said that the remains of babies, small children and fetuses had been found where she said they would. The discovery, in the County Galway town of Tuam, was announced on the website of the Commission of Investigation into Mother and Baby Homes. “The commission is shocked by this discovery and is continuing its investigation into who was responsible for the disposal of human remains in this way,” the agency said in a statement. From 1925 to 1961, the St. Mary’s home was run by the Sisters of Bon Secours, a Roman Catholic order, but was financed by the Irish government. Tests showed that most of the remains were “likely to date from the 1950s,” according to the statement, which added that further examinations were being conducted. “This is very sad and disturbing news,” Katherine Zappone, the minister for Children and Youth Affairs, said in a statement. “It was not unexpected as there were claims about human remains on the site over the last number of years. Up to now we had rumors. ” The historian, Catherine Corless, said in an interview that she welcomed the commission’s report but thought the deaths should have been investigated “decades earlier. ” “Nobody was listening locally or in authority, from the church or the state. They said, ‘What’s the point?’ And that I shouldn’t view the past from today’s lenses. ” The remains are of some of the 796 children who died at the home over more than three decades. According to death certificates that Ms. Corless hunted down, the causes included malnutrition, measles, tuberculosis, gastroenteritis and pneumonia. The commission that was established in 2015 to investigate allegations of abuse in the institutions, which are known in Ireland as mother and baby homes, said its inquiry in Tuam focused on two structures on the grounds of St. Mary’s. The first of these structures appeared to be “a large sewage containment system or septic tank that had been decommissioned and filled with rubble and debris and then covered with topsoil,” while the second was “a long structure which is divided into 20 chambers and appears to be related to the   of sewage   waste water. ” It was within this second structure that the commission reported that “significant quantities of human remains had been found in at least 17 of the 20 underground chambers. ” According to the statement, the remains included those of    fetuses to children up to 3 years old. Further tests are now being conducted and the commission has asked that the relevant state authorities take responsibility for the “appropriate treatment” of the remains. A coroner had also been informed, the statement added. Although there is no official state religion in Ireland, the Catholic Church has long had a profound influence over the country’s culture and government. Bearing a child outside of marriage was considered both sinful and shameful, and unmarried mothers and their children often suffered discrimination and abuse. Ms. Corless, who lives outside Tuam, went to school with children from the St. Mary’s home and remembered how they were kept to one side of the classroom and had to arrive and leave at different times so there would be no interaction with children of parents who were married. She said the “home babies,” as they were known, looked vulnerable and malnourished to her. When her own children were more grown up, she began to look into conditions at the home, and learned of the 796 deaths. None of the bodies were buried in any of the local cemeteries. She also concluded that the children lived in substandard conditions. After the home finally closed, the buildings were demolished, and now a housing development sits adjacent to the site. In 2012, Ms. Corless published an article in a local history journal. The article concluded that some of the children had been buried in an unofficial graveyard in the back of the home. But after studying a map of the grounds, she thought that other bodies might have been interred in the sewage treatment facilities. A sewage tank had been replaced by a public water system in 1937, but she said there was sufficient evidence to show that some babies and small children had been buried there while it was still in operation. Ms. Corless wanted to erect a plaque with the names of all of the children who had died, and she helped up set a committee in 2013 to finance it. The committee was unable to raise enough money. She also approached journalists with her work. In 2014, Alison O’Reilly, a reporter for the Irish edition of The Mail on Sunday, a London newspaper, wrote an article. But as it spread and was picked up by other news organizations, headlines shouted that “800 bodies” had been thrown into the septic tank. That led to criticism, and some said they found discrepancies in Ms. Corless’s work. She said on Friday that that had been difficult but that she had known she was right. “I never made a statement unless I could back it with facts. I only presented the truth. ” On Friday, the Bon Secours order issued a statement that promised its “continued cooperation with and support for the work of the commission in seeking the truth about the home. ” The order declined further comment. For years, there had been accounts of abuse at many mother and baby homes and the government agreed to begin an inquiry. The homes attracted international attention after the release of the film “Philomena,” which told the story of a woman’s search for the boy who was taken from her and was adopted by a couple in the United States. The commission has been examining allegations of abuse at 14 mother and baby homes, and four similar institutions between 1922 and 1998. But it has no power to award compensation or bring criminal charges. Ms. Corless added that it was important now that the investigation continued its work, and that “it needs to go further inside. ” The commission’s announcement marked another development in a series of scandals involving church and state in Irish life. The director of Amnesty International Ireland, Colm O’Gorman, who himself experienced clerical abuse, said it was time for the government to “join the dots. ” “There is a direct line between the industrial schools, the mother and baby homes and the abuse committed and covered up by priests,” he said. “The state never really accepted that it had accountability or responsibility when it came to their own citizens, so it outsourced all of that to the church. ” In the interview on Friday, Ms. Corless said that Ms. Zappone, the minister for children, had telephoned her earlier in the day and thanked her for her work and perseverance.",0
13361,Maher: Trump ’Wants to be’ Kim Jong-un - Does That ’Foreshadow Him Trying That Sh*t Here?’ - Breitbart,"On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher argued that President Trump “wants to be” North Korean dictator Kim   and asked, “does his love of dictators foreshadow him trying that sh*t here?”  Maher said Trump, “apparently, really likes to pal around with dictators. Remember Obama used to pal around with terrorists? Well, this guy, I mean, just  —   first of all, a couple of weeks ago, he talked about the maniac in Turkey, who had a plebiscite that basically ended democracy in Turkey, and he gave him a congratulatory call. Great dictating, man. Okay, then we have Putin. He loves Putin, right? That  …    guy in the Philippines.   …     Sisi from Egypt, he had him over at the White House, great guy, because he’s a dictator. And Kim  . This is unbelievable. Kim   puts out a video at the beginning of the week, where, it’s a stimulation of bombs  …    coming over to the White [House].   …     Then, three days later, Trump says, I’d be ‘honored’ to meet him. ” Maher then stated, “He doesn’t hate Kim. He wants to be him. He wants to have military parades. He wanted to have tanks in the street for his inauguration. So, my question is, does his love of dictators foreshadow him trying that sh*t here?” He later added, “61% of Republicans think freedom of the press is necessary, which would lead me to believe that about 4 out of 10 think it’s not. ” Maher also reacted to Trump’s campaign ad by saying, “Well, if that’s not an ad for a coup, I don’t know what is. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
13362,New Biometric ID System Being Implemented in US Airports,"
A new way to get through airport security has been certified as a “qualified anti-terrorism technology”by the Department of Homeland Security and is now being used by over 5 million people at airports across the country.

CLEAR is an identification technology that incorporates a series of questions and the use of biometrics to “clear” a person to move past the airport lines and go directly to the TSA screening line. CLEAR spokesperson David Cohen describes how it works:
They validate their identity using a knowledge-based quiz, they use a government identification that’s validated using technology, and then we link it to their bio-metrics — we take 10 fingerprints with a digital reader, we take a scan of their iris, and we take a high-res photo of their face.
CLEAR has now been deployed in 17 airports, and it will cost travelers $179 annually.
It should be considered that the airport may not keep your records private. Once your biometrics are recorded in the CLEAR database, this information can be sold to third-party companies for use in malls, train stations or department stores.
CLEAR could be the “soft sell” strategy to incentivize travelers to provide this information for convenience so that it could be used to identify individuals everywhere they go. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. ",0
13363,Almost No Children In France Are Medicated For ADHD: Here’s How They Define & Treat It,"According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), approximately 11% of American children between the ages of 4 and 17 have been diagnosed with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) as of 2011. However, if you ask the American Psychiatric Association (APA), they maintain that even though only 5% of American children suffer from the disorder, the diagnosis is actually given to around 15% of American children. This number has been steadily rising , jumping from 7.8% in 2003 to 9.5% in 2007. Big Pharma has played a significant role in manufacturing the ADHD epidemic in the U.S., convincing parents and doctors that ADHD is a common problem amongst children and one that should be medicated. However, many countries disagree with the American stance on ADHD, so much so that they have entirely different structures for defining, diagnosing, and treating it. For example, the percentage of children in France that have been diagnosed and medicated for ADHD is less than 0.5% . This is largely because French doctors don’t consider ADHD a biological disorder with biological causes, but rather a medical condition caused by psycho-social and situational factors.
Why France Defines ADHD Differently French child psychiatrists use a different system than American psychiatrists to classify emotional problems in childhood. Instead of using the APA’s Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) , the French use an alternative classification system produced by the French Federation of Psychiatry called Classification Française des Troubles Mentaux de L’Enfant et de L’Adolescent (CFTMEA). Not only does this significantly differ from the APA’s system, but it was actually created with the intention to “ offer French child psychiatrists an alternative to DSM-III ” because it didn’t compliment French psychiatric practices. The CFTMEA encourages psychiatrists to identify the underlying issues that cause a child’s symptoms and to address them using a psychopathological approach.
France defines ADHD as a sociological disorder that’s caused by a set of social situations, whereas the U.S. sees ADHD as a neurological disorder whose symptoms are the result of biological disfunction or a chemical imbalance in the brain. France’s definition of ADHD drastically differs from that of the U.S., which is in part because the pharmaceutical industry helped define ADHD in the U.S. (you can read more about that here ). France’s treatment methods, therefore, also greatly differ from those practiced in the U.S.
Treatment Methods for ADHD Used in France Once a French psychiatrist diagnoses their patient with ADHD, they hone in on the behavioural problems by searching for the underlying causes. Psychiatrists will study the child’s distress and compare it to their social situations. France views ADHD as a social context problem; therefore, ADHD is often treated with psychotherapy or even family counselling. Very rarely do French psychiatrists prescribe medications to treat ADHD, as it’s usually rendered unnecessary after taking a more holistic approach.
It’s important to note that French psychiatrists also consider a patient’s diet when searching for the causes of behavioural symptoms associated with ADHD. Poor eating habits such as consuming foods with artificial colours or flavourings, preservatives, sugars, and/or allergens may worsen a child’s behaviour. This isn’t difficult to imagine; even as adults we can feel the effects certain foods have on our mood, energy levels, and thought processes.
Why There Are Fewer ADHD Cases in France Than the U.S. A study conducted in 2011 stated that the amount of youth in France with ADHD may be as low as 3.5% — a far cry from the 11 to 15% estimate in the United States. Family therapist and author of A Disease Called Childhood: Why ADHD Became an American Epidemic Dr. Marilyn Wedge suggests that this may be as a result of the cultural differences between the U.S. and France in regards to raising children. According to Wedge, French parents will often impose more structured lifestyles onto their children, such as enforcing strict meal times and using the “cry it out” method with babies and toddlers. Children are taught self-discipline at a young age, which is why Wedge feels they don’t need to be medicated for behavioural issues.
Unfortunately, spanking is not considered child abuse in France, so this practice is used fairly often to encourage discipline. In March 2015, the Council of Europe, an international human rights organization, faulted France over the country’s lack of legislation regarding corporal punishment of children. As The New York Times explained , “Child abuse is illegal in France and is punished with long prison sentences, but it is not uncommon for French parents to slap or spank children, or for the French courts to view such actions as acceptable under a customary ‘right to discipline.’ “
As Dr. Wedge points out (although neither she nor Collective Evolution support spanking or any other form of child abuse), this simply adds to the discipline they’re encouraged to practice throughout their childhood ( source ).While Wedge makes some interesting points regarding discipline, I don’t think that’s the underlying reason why most French children don’t need to be medicated for ADHD. Rather, because ADHD is largely a behavioural issue, it rarely requires pharmacological intervention. I believe that these treatment methods are successful in France not because of their parenting culture, but rather as a result of their holistic approach in considering diet and behavioural and social context.
I believe France does not have an issue with over-diagnosing ADHD in the same way the U.S. does because pharmaceutical companies have not targeted them as heavily. Pharmaceutical companies play a substantial role in defining ADHD and deciding treatment methods in the U.S. For example, doctors and researchers in the U.S. have been paid to overstate the dangers of ADHD and the benefits of taking their drugs and understate the negative side effects. It’s easy for people to believe this misguided information when it’s affiliated with well-known universities like Harvard and Johns Hopkins. Many people don’t even realize that these studies are funded by the very companies that profit from the drugs’ sale because that relationship is hidden in small print ( source ). These drugs can have significant side effects and are actually considered to be within the same class as morphine and oxycodone due to their high risk of abuse and addiction. You can’t just blame all doctors, either; many of them genuinely believe they’re helping these children because of the information they’ve been given in these studies and by Big Pharma.
Another reason the U.S. has substantially higher rates of ADHD amongst children than France is because of the ADHD drug advertisements that run in the U.S. Big Pharma creates ads for ADHD drugs sold in the U.S. that are specifically targeted at parents, describing how these drugs can improve test scores and behaviour at home, among other false claims. One of the most controversial ones was a 2009 ad for Intuniv, Shire’s A.D.H.D. treatment, which included a child in a monster costume taking off his terrifying mask to reveal his calm, smiling self with a text reading, “There’s a great kid in there.” The FDA has stepped in multiple times, sending pharmaceutical companies warning letters or even forcing them to take down their ads because they are false, misleading, and/or exaggerate the effects of their drugs ( source ). This type of propaganda doesn’t take place in France, at least not on the same scale as the in U.S., largely because it doesn’t coincide with their ADHD diagnosis framework. You can read more about this topic in another article I wrote here .
How to Use This Information to More Effectively Treat ADHD France’s CFTMEA, definition for ADHD, and holistic approach to treating this disorder provide an excellent example of how we should be addressing ADHD patients, especially children. Instead of getting to the root of these children’s “attention deficits” like French psychiatrists do, American health practitioners typically assume ADHD is a medical condition that can only be fixed with medication. This is not only unethical, but also clearly damaging to a child’s self esteem. Many of these kids could simply be uninterested in the subject matter, suffering from some sort of emotional trauma, or even have heightened creativity and energy! You can’t just blame all doctors in the U.S., either; many of them genuinely believe they’re helping these children because of the information they’ve been given in these studies and by Big Pharma.
However, many scientists in the U.S. have suggested alternatives to medicine to treat ADHD and many of them don’t even recognize ADHD as a disorder (read our article on why ADHD may not be real here ). Associate Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at Tufts University School of Medicine and Editor-in-Chief of The Carlat Psychiatry Report Daniel J. Carlat, M.D , criticized the DSM, stating , “In psychiatry, many diseases are treated equally well with medication or therapy, but the guidelines tend to be biased toward medication.”
Holistic Mental Health Practitioner Dr. Tyler Woods further explains:
The DSM tends to pathologize normal behaviors. For instance, the label “Anxiety Disorder” can be given as a result of some kinds of normal and rather healthy anxieties but the DSM will have experts view it and treat it as mental illness. In addition simple shyness can be seen and treated as “Social Phobia”, while spirited and strong willed children as “Oppositional Disorder”. Consequently, many psychotherapists, regardless of their theoretical orientations, tend to follow the DSM as instructed. ( source )
Neurologist Richard Saul spent his career examining patients who struggle with short attention spans and difficulty focusing. His extensive experience has led him to believe that ADHD isn’t actually a disorder, but rather an umbrella of symptoms that shouldn’t be considered a disease. Thus, Saul believes it shouldn’t be listed as a separate disorder in the American Psychiatric Association’s Diagnostic & Statistical Manual. You can read more about his opinion in our article here .
Leading integrative pediatrician and author of ADHD without Drugs: A Guide to the Natural Care of Children with ADHD Dr. Sanford Newmark, M.D. has spent more than 15 years studying and successfully treating ADHD naturally. Some of his recommendations include improved nutrition, increased sleep, iron, zinc, and Omega-3 supplementation, family counselling, making positive social and behavioural changes, and pursing alternative modalities such as Traditional Chinese Medicine and Homeopathy. Dr. Newmark considers conventional medication a “last resort,” given the fact that ADHD drugs only work about 70% of the time and have potential negative side effects ( source ).
It is clear that many doctors are starting to recognize the importance of treating ADHD outside conventional methods. Misdiagnosis and over-diagnosis of ADHD is a serious issue in the U.S., one that is heavily fuelled by the pharmaceutical industry. If you or a loved one has been diagnosed with ADHD, I strongly suggest you research this subject more and explore alternatives to medication with the help of a healthcare practitioner!
“The very vocabulary of psychiatry is now defined at all levels by the pharmaceutical industry.” 
– Dr. Irwin Savodnik, Assistant Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at the University of California in Los Angeles ( source )
Related CE Articles:
A.D.H.D. Nation: How Big Pharma Created the A.D.H.D. Epidemic 
The Truth About ‘ADHD’ That Should Prevent Parents From Needlessly Drugging Their Child 
4 Facts About ADHD That Teachers & Doctors Never Tell Parents 
Before His Death, Father of ADHD Admitted it Was an Over-Diagnosed Disease 
",0
13365,Israel Greenlights 3000 More West Bank Jewish Homes,"Times of Israel reports: With the evacuation of the Amona outpost looming, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman on Tuesday approved the construction of around 3, 000 new homes in the West Bank, some of them outside settlement blocs Israel hopes to keep in a future peace deal with the Palestinians. [The decision came a week after Israel approved the construction of 566 housing units in East Jerusalem and 2, 500 homes in the West Bank.  In a statement, the Defense Ministry said the new construction “comes as part of a return to normal life in Judea and Samaria, as well as conduct which provides real solutions to housing and living needs. Read more here.",0
13366,India remains indifferent towards Kashmiris' problem,"India remains indifferent towards Kashmiris' problem Wed Oct 26, 2016 3:49PM Kashmiris shout anti-India slogans in a protest in Muzaffarabad on October 26, 2016. (AFP) 
Shahana ButtPress TV, Indian-Controlled Kashmir 
More than 100 days of street tensions in Indian-controlled Kashmir and residents of the disputed region continue with protests that sparked after the death a pro-independence leader in July. Up until now, almost 100 people have been killed at the hands of Indian security forces in Kashmir. Our correspondent Shahana Butt reports how New Delhi’s indifference toward Kashmiri people has strengthened their will to continue their peaceful struggle for a lasting solution to the dispute.",0
13367,CNN LEAKS – VP Griffiths: Journalists Should ’Aid the Afflicted and Afflict the Comfortable’ - Breitbart,"In audio recordings released by Project Veritas, CNN Vice President and Senior Editorial Director Richard Griffiths was caught claiming that the role of the journalist is to “aid the afflicted and afflict the comfortable. ”[“If we are journalists, what is our role as a journalist? What is the fundamental role as a journalist, for us to do?” remarked Griffiths in one of the recordings. “Tell a story. Tell what’s going on. There’s a secondary corollary to that, right? Aid the afflicted and afflict the comfortable. To a degree, right?”  “Is that not part of the traditional role of a journalist? It’s actually one of the things I can be most proud of as a journalist,” he continued. “You know we try to show the ugly side of humanity so we can do something about it. It’s hard, very hard. ” The released tapes also reveal CNN’s “misrepresentation of polling data” and the news outlet’s disdain for conservative media. 119 hours of audio data have so far been released with over 100 more hours reportedly to come. Recorded in 2009 at CNN’s Atlanta HQ, the audio clips feature numerous employees including Joe Sterling, Arthur Brice, and Nicky Robertson. Project Veritas made a call for leaked information, offering $10, 000 to anyone else “that exposes media malfeasance. ” “Project Veritas is determined to expose malfeasance, corruption and wrongdoing,” declared Project Veritas founder James O’Keefe. “We want to become a destination where citizen journalists can come forward, work with us and make a real impact. That’s why today, we’re announcing a $10, 000 award for anyone that comes forward with legally obtained materials exposing media malfeasance.  If you have hidden audio recordings, video tapes or documents inside of a news room or media institution —  and the material is good enough —  I will pay you $10, 000. ” In a comment to Breitbart Tech, O’Keefe spoke of his concern at the growing leftist bias of social media companies and warned that Project Veritas would investigate them too. “Yes we know about it, we’re concerned about it, we’re fighting it,” said O’Keefe. “[CNN Leaks] is the first in a long effort to target and expose abuse within the media, and that includes social media  …     Who knows? Maybe we have someone inside with a camera right now, recording everything. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
13368,Twitter dresses up for Halloween: Read the 9 scariest costume ideas,"— Rosie Percy (@rosiepercy) October 27, 2016 5. For Halloween, I'm dressing up as that time you farted in an empty office but then someone walked in to talk to you. 
— castaignede (@Castaignede) October 21, 2016 6. This Halloween, I'm dressing up as when you see someone you know, so you wave, only it's not them and you have run all the way onto the moon 
— TittyBiscuits. (@dawneywawney) October 23, 2016 7. For Halloween I will be dressing as a human; for truly, is not the monster we fear most within our hearts? 
Or maybe a zombie, not sure yet. 
— Moose Allain (@MooseAllain) October 26, 2016 8. 
— Halloween Ahir (@AhirShah) October 17, 2016 9. 
— Some Ghostwriter (@testicleas) October 20, 2016 But there’s always that one killjoy, and this year it’s @JessicaJones , who tweets “For #Halloween I’m dressing up as someone who wants people to get the hell away from them. Really excited about it.”",0
13369,NATO Vassals Eager to Poke the Bear in Black Sea,"Wed, 26 Oct 2016 20:12 UTC © Daniel Mihailescu / AFP US, Turkey and Poland are among the NATO member states which confirmed their readiness to dispatch naval units to the Black Sea in 2017, boosting the alliance's presence in the region, according to NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg. Stoltenberg noted ""progress"" in in strengthening NATO's presence in the Black Sea Region in his statement after the meeting of the block's defense ministers in Brussels on Wednesday. ""With a Romania-led multinational framework brigade on land and we're working on measures in the air and at sea,"" he said. According to the secretary General, several member-states "" indicated their willingness to contribute to our presence in the Black Sea region on land, at sea and in the air, including Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, Poland, Turkey and the US ."" ""Other allies are also looking into how they can contribute,"" he added. Comment: Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, Poland and the US have no business in provoking tensions with Russia in the Black Sea. Of the countries listed, only Turkey has shores on the Black Sea. Interestingly, Bulgaria isn't listed. Perhaps they learned their lesson in botching their involvement in Russia's Nord Stream project. Zing! The plans on enhancing Black Sea presence will be finalized during another meeting on NATO ministers in February. Following Crimea's reunification with Russia, NATO has been increasingly concerned about the Black Sea is turning into a ""Russian lake."" Since the spring of 2014, NATO warships, including missile cruisers from the US and other allied nations, have been patrolling the Black Sea on a rotational basis, never leaving the area unattended. NATO decided to increase their presence in the Black Sea during a summit in Warsaw in July, calling it a response to Russia's increasing military capabilities and is a gesture of support to its Eastern European members. Comment: Baloney. Eastern European members are under no threat from Russia. This operation is part of the information war to create the image of a Russian threat. The military beef-up in the region is expected lead to the creation of NATO's Black Sea Fleet to be formed by member-states with direct access to the sea. Stoltenberg also said that 17 NATO countries will delegate their units to join the four multinational ground battalions to be deployed in Poland and the Baltic State early next year. The battalions will be led by the US, UK, Canada and Germany, while the countries sending their forces included France, Poland, Albania, Romania, Croatia and others. The Secretary General stressed that NATO was monitoring the movement of Russian vessels in the Baltic Sea. ""I can confirm that two Russian warships have recently entered the Baltic Sea, and NATO is monitoring this movement in the way we always do,"" he said. However, Stoltenberg stressed that, despite its buildup in Eastern Europe, the alliance is ready for dialogue with Moscow. ""We are concerned about Russia's behavior. Bur dialogue is even more important when tensions run high. And allies stand ready to hold an ambassadorial meeting of the NATO-Russia Council in the near future,"" he said.",0
13370,"Media Outlets Pledge Evenhanded Criticism Of Trump, Clinton Over Next 4 Years - The Onion - America's Finest News Source","Media Outlets Pledge Evenhanded Criticism Of Trump, Clinton Over Next 4 Years Close Vol 52 Issue 44 · Politics · News Media · Hillary Clinton · Donald Trump 
NEW YORK—Declaring that they would work tirelessly to hold both figures to account, the nation’s media outlets pledged Thursday that they would not relent in providing evenhanded criticism of Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton over the next four years. “We want to assure the American people that throughout the forthcoming presidential term, we will, with equal rigor, hold both Trump’s and Clinton’s feet to the fire on the issues that matter most,” said CNN president Jeff Zucker, who echoed official statements made by every other cable, print, and online news source across the country by affirming that it was the responsibility of the press to ensure both individuals were made to answer for their misdeeds during the next administration. “While we vow to carefully monitor the decisions and actions of the nation’s next president and expose his and his cabinet’s failings wherever they appear, we also make a solemn promise to provide a balanced critique by refusing to ever let Clinton off the hook. The nation can continue to count on us for fair, equitable reporting on the most important political developments.” At press time, members of the media were already diligently researching what effect Clinton’s email scandal might have on Trump’s foreign policy. Share This Story: WATCH VIDEO FROM THE ONION Sign up For The Onion's Newsletter 
Give your spam filter something to do. Daily Headlines ",0
13371,President Trump Has Shattered Jews' American Idyll      : Information," Trump Camp Accused Of Anti-Semitism President Trump Has Shattered Jews' American Idyll November 14, "" Haaretz "" - American Jews have transformed virtually overnight from insiders to outsiders; the appointment of ex-Breitbart CEO Steve Bannon, an accused anti-Semite, as chief strategist, is bound to exacerbate the tensions.
By Chemi Shalev WASHINGTON  Those were the best of times, arguably, but these may be the worst of times. Thats the way most American Jews must feel as they wake up with a massive hangover from the shock election results and the reality that Donald Trump will soon be President of the United States.
Whatever differences American Jews may have had with Barack Obama over the Iran nuclear deal and Middle East peace, theyve never had a president who was more in tune with their Jewish and liberal essence.
Obama was the realization of the American Jewish vision of a multicultural society, a dream come true for a generation of civil rights activists. He promoted and embodied the liberal ideals that American Jews are more attached to than any other religious group in America. And he was more knowledgeable about American Jewish culture and Yiddishkeit than any previous president, bar none. Even when they disagreed with him, most American Jews, with the exception of the vocal minority that hated his guts, viewed Obama as a mensch.
It is probably no coincidence that during his tenure, American Jews reached a pinnacle of social and cultural acceptance. Being American Jews was hip. It was cool. It was the thing to be. From Jon Stewart to Jerry Seinfeld, from Joe Lieberman to Bernie Sanders, Jews seemed to be more entrenched than ever before in the American mainstream. Pew Research Polls repeatedly confirmed that Jews were the most loved and most admired religious group in all of America. Mashiach-zeit, old timers would say, but with a note of caution, because if Jewish history teaches anything, it is that all things must pass.
The election of Donald Trump has shattered the Jewish idyll, all across the board. Although one must give the president-elect the benefit of the doubt that he is not an anti-Semite himself, he has frequently promoted disparaging Jewish stereotypes in his personal statements. Sunday evenings appointment of former Breitbart CEO Steve Bannon as chief strategist in the White House is bound to exacerbate Jewish tensions. He is considered the standard bearer for the racist, anti-immigrant alt-right movement and has been accused of harboring anti-Semitic sentiments himself.
Trump has repeatedly and unapologetically disseminated white supremacist tweets. His campaign has used anti-Semitic symbols that Trump has failed to disown even when advised of their offensive content. He has distanced himself from his neo-Nazi supporters only under duress. And under his wings, America has seen an unprecedented outburst of blunt and naked hatred of Jews, which has only gotten worse since his election.
In recent months, most prominent Jewish journalists and other public critics of Trump have been harassed by anti-Semites on social media, in their mail at home and, in some cases, in close physical contact. Swastikas have been painted at schools. Jewish students have been threatened, taunted, told that Adolf Hitler was right all along. Along with Muslims, Hispanics, and African Americans, they are being targeted as the sworn enemies of the America First Weltanschauung that Trump is bringing with him to the White House.
The shock that many Jews are feeling now is partly of their making. In recent years, the American Jewish establishment has willingly enlisted in the Israeli governments effort to depict ever-widening circles of anti-Israeli agitation on the left as anti-Semitism. The fight against BDS and the efforts to portray it as hatred of Jews in another form has consumed the time, energy and resources of the American Jewish leadership, with the possible exception of the Anti-Defamation League.
Meanwhile, virulent and classic anti-Semitism lurking just under the radical rights surface was virtually ignored, concealed by the mainstream right-wings overwhelming support for Israel. Even mentioning it was considered to be an anti-Israeli provocation.
Trumps triumph has unleashed the pent up resentment against Jews. His reluctance to tackle manifestations of racism and white supremacism among his supporters has energized and empowered it. If he and his advisers dont take assertive steps soon, anti-Jewish agitators will feel they have a license from the White House to do as they please. They will get bolder, grow stronger, recruit new adherents and increasingly resort to violence: weve seen it before.
But even if brazen anti-Semitic incidents are quelled or die down by themselves, there is no denying that Jews have transformed virtually overnight from insiders to outsiders. Not only did they vote overwhelmingly for Hillary Clinton, prominent conservative Jews who could have allayed their concerns are the ones who have distanced themselves from Trump over the course of the campaign and will play no role in his administration.
American Jewish liberals are bound to feel alienated from their own government in way theyve never felt before. Most of the values, goals and policy objectives of the Trump administration, even if they turn out to be a paler and more palatable version of his campaign rhetoric, are diametrically opposed to those of most American Jews. They support immigration, pluralism, multiculturalism, social reform, government intervention, separation of church and state, gay marriage, abortion rights and on and on. It is easy to see, in fact, why so many of Trumps radical supporters would view the Jews as their mortal enemies.
As Shmuel Rosner rightly points out for the wrong reasons, Trump may ultimately divide Israeli and American Jews. But the reason for that is not limited, as Rosner asserts, to the yet to be proven assumption that American Jews will resent their Israeli counterparts for liking Trump because he is pro-Israel. It is because Trumps core message, his reactionary, nativist, chauvinistic, anti-foreigner, anti-immigrant and mainly anti-Muslim worldview is shared by far too many, though far from all Israelis, and is embraced by its ruling coalition. And because many Israeli Jews are indifferent to right-wing anti-Semitism and indeed share right-wing disdain toward the liberalism of American Jews.
Of course, all may not be bleak. Perhaps Trump will fight the anti-Semitism on his radical fringe with increasing vigor. Possibly his policies will be less offensive to American Jews. Perhaps the American Jewish establishment will produce a leadership capable of meeting these trying times. Who knows, maybe some American Jews will finally realize they should support Israeli Jews who share their worldview rather than a government that doesnt.
And if worse comes to worst, to paraphrase Casablanca, liberal American Jews will always have Israel itself. Moderate, liberal Israelis, beleaguered and on the point of despair, will flock to the airport to welcome them with open arms. Mashiach-zeit, they will tell themselves, in awe. Š Haaretz Daily Newspaper Ltd. All Rights Reserved",0
13372,Paul Ryan: Failure of Obamacare Replacement Makes Tax Reform Harder - Breitbart,"The White House tried very hard Friday to send a clear message that the success of President Donald Trump’s tax and infrastructure agenda does not turn on the fate of the Obamacare replacement bill. [House Speaker Paul Ryan, only minutes after pulling his health care bill, appeared to at least partially contradict that.  “Yes. This does make tax reform more difficult,” Ryan said. “But it does not in any way make it impossible. ” Even though Ryan went on to say the House would “proceed with tax reform,” he appeared to be far less optimistic than the two top Trump administration economic officials who spoke earlier on Friday. White House budget director Mick Mulvaney and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin both had essentially the same message Friday morning: plans for tax reform, job creation, trade deals, and infrastructure spending remain intact regardless of what happen to the health care bill. Standing on the White House lawn Friday morning, Mulvaney told CNBC that President Trump decided to stop negotiating with lawmakers over the healthcare bill because he “has other things he wants to do. ” “He wants to get tax reform done. He wants an infrastructure bill approved. He’s got other jobs programs moving through the White House,” Mulvaney said.  Mulvaney went on to say that the White House does not believe tax reform will turn “one way or the other” based on the fate of the Obamacare replacement bill. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin Friday morning said passing a   overhaul would be easier than replacing Obamacare. “In a way, it’s a lot simpler,” Mnuchin said at an event sponsored by Axios. “In health care, it’s a much, much more complicated issue. ” The administration is close to completing its tax reform proposal, according to Mnuchin. He said that the proposal would be aimed at delivering a tax cut for the middle class and would include reforms to both personal and corporate taxes. The administration would push to get Congress to pass a tax bill before the August recess, Mnuchin said. Many in the business community and on Wall Street have recently voiced concerns that tax reform might be stalled until 2018 or even later. Mnuchin also spoke about the administration’s infrastructure spending plan, saying that he expected most of the $1 trillion to be financed primarily by private capital backed by   and   partnerships. ",0
13373,Krauthammer: 9th Circuit Ruling ’A Disgraceful Conclusion’ - Breitbart,"On Thursday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” columnist Charles Krauthammer argued that the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals’ ruling against President Trump’s immigration order was “a disgraceful conclusion, because what they did, is they substituted their judgment, as to what constitutes a threat to American security for the president’s. ”  Krauthammer said, “I think this is a disgraceful conclusion, because what they did, is they substituted their judgment, as to what constitutes a threat to American security for the president’s. Now we were all interested in what they think, but that is irrelevant to the case. The case was, does the president have the authority to do it? And if he does, it’s his judgment to make. And that’s the plain reading of the law. It’s he plain understanding of the Constitution. I think the policy was unwise, but that’s irrelevant. I think it’s very clearly legal. ” He added that the order’s chances at the Supreme Court isn’t a “slam dunk,” and could end up a   where the 9th Circuit’s ruling is upheld. Krauthammer further stated that he thought the government’s arguments in front of the court were “exceedingly weak. ” And the administration wasn’t prepared to defend the case in court. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
13374,NAZI Flying Saucers & A Permanent Base in Antarctica,". NAZI Flying Saucers & A Permanent Base in Antarctica A highly guarded secret is the probablity that German Nazis, as early as the 1930s, have built a sec... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/nazi-flying-saucers-permanent-base-in.html A highly guarded secret is the probablity that German Nazis, as early as the 1930s, have built a secret base at the South Pole. While this idea undoubtedly will strike most people as absurd, there is tantalizing evidence to suggest that something along this line might have some truth to it.Long-standing banking and business connections allowed high-ranking German leaders in 1944 to forge a formidable Nazi-controlled organization for postwar activities.Author Jim Keith wrote:""...in researching the shape of totalitarian control during this century, I saw that the plans of the Nazis manifestly did not die with the German loss of World War II. ""The ideology and many of the principal players survived and flourished after the war, and have had a profound impact on postwar history, and on events taking place today.""Orvis A. Schmidt, the U.S. Treasury Department’s director of Foreign Funds Control, in 1945 offered this description of a Nazi flight-capital program:The network of trade, industrial, and cartel organizations has been streamlined and intermeshed, not only organizationally but also by what has been officially described as ‘Personnel Union’.Legal authority to operate this organizational machinery has been vested in the concerns that have majority capacity in the key industries such as those producing iron and steel, coal and basic chemicals. These concerns have been deliberately welded together by exchanges of stock to the point where a handful of men can make policy and other decisions that affect us all.Could one of those ""decisions"" have been the creation of a Nazi base connected to the development of UFOs? While this notion may superficially appear to be sheer nonsense, the public record offers compelling — if incomplete — evidence to support this idea.One theory is that Martin Bormann and other top Nazis escaped to South America and on to a secret base in Antarctica — renamed Neuschwabenland by the Germans — where they built UFOs so sophisticated that their secret Nazi empire has exerted significant control over world events and governments to this day. Read: Hitler Escaped to Argentina & Died Old: Pictures of Him After the War, FBI Documents, DNA Analysis of Skull & Pictures of His House Reportedly, German Navy Grand Admiral Karl Dönitz stated in 1943:""The German submarine fleet is proud of having built for the Führer in another part of the world a Shangri-La on land, an impregnable fortress.""And it has been reported that U.S. Admiral Richard Byrd , upon his return from an expedition to Antarctica in 1947, stated it was,""necessary for the USA to take defensive actions against enemy air fighters which come from the polar regions"" and that America could be ""attacked by fighters that are able to fly from one pole to the other with incredible speed.""Advancing the idea that the Nazis continually shipped men and material to the South Pole throughout the war years, author R. A. Harbinson wrote:""Regarding the possibility of the Germans building self-sufficient underground research factories in the Antarctic, it has only to be pointed out that the underground research centers of Nazi Germany were gigantic feats of construction, containing wind tunnels, machine shops, assembly plants, launching pads, supply dumps and accommodation for all who worked there, including adjoining camps for slaves — and yet very few people knew that they existed.""But, while tales of a secret Nazi base in Antarctica may appear plausible to some, the idea that a warm water location at the South Pole has remained undiscovered and no one has escaped or deserted the place in more than 50 years stretched belief to the breaking point in years past.But with the new revelations of 60-70 degree temperature water, magnetic anomalies suggesting the possibility of a hidden city or base and the obvious back out taking place concerning current events at the pole, the idea of a secret base is no longer so far fetched.Rumors began to circulate that whilst Germany had been defeated, a selection of military personnel and scientists had fled the fatherland as allied troops swept across mainland Europe, and had established themselves at a secret base on the Antarctic continent, from where they continued to develop their advanced aircraft technology.Furthermore, it is interesting to note that at the end of the war, the allies determined that there were 250,000 Germans unaccounted for — even taking into account casualties and deaths. Huge Discovery: Nazi Maps and Documents to Agartha Confirm the Hollow Earth Accounts Could Neu Schwabenland have been a permanently manned German base at that time? The brackish water of the warm (30 degrees) lakes virtually confirmed that all had an outlet to the sea and would thus have been a haven for U-boats. The two ice-free mountain ranges in Neu Schwabenland presented no worse an underground tunneling project for Organization Todt than anything they had encountered and overcome in Norway.The Germans were the world's experts at building and inhabiting underground metropolis.At the end of the war the United States gave anything concerning Ohrdruf a top secret classification for 100 years upwards. The fact that there had been substantial underground workings there, and Ohrdruf was the location of the last Redoubt, was concealed absolutely. Fortunately for researchers, in 1962 the DDR had taken sworn depositions from all local residents during an investigation into wartime Ohrdruf, and upon the reunification of the two Germanys in 1989, these documents became available to all and sundry at Arnstadt municipal archive.From the Arnstadt documents it is clear that the Charite Anlage unit operated in a three-story underground bunker with floors 70 by 20 meters.When working, the device emitted some kind of energy field which shut down all electrical equipment and non-diesel engines within a range of about eight miles.For this reason, even though Ohrdruf was crawling with SS, it was never photographed from the air nor bombed. Declassified USAF documents dated early 1945 admit the existence of an unknown energy field over Frankfurt/Main ""and other locations"" which ""fantastic though it may appear"" were able to ""interfere with our aircraft engines at 30,000 feet.""Ohrdruf rebuilt below Neu Schwabenland during the last two years of the war would not have been difficult, and since Charite Anlage had the highest priority of anything in the Third Reich, it seems likely that it must have been.Such a base would have been impregnable, for the suggestion is that the force-field worked in various ways favorable to the occupants. Scary Secrets of the Third Reich's Base in Antarctica A remarkable event occurred in 1999, but only specialists paid adequate attention to it.A research expedition discovered a virus in Antarctica; at that, neither people nor animals had immunity to the virus. After all, Antarctica is far away, for this very reason the virus cannot be dangerous for the rest of the planet, especially since the dangerous discovery was deep in the permafrost.However, scientists say that against the background of a global warming threatening the Earth, the unknown virus can cause an awful catastrophe on the planet.Expert Tom Starmerue from the University of New York also shares the pessimistic forecasts of his colleagues.""We don't know what the mankind will face in the South Pole in the nearest time due to the global warming. It is not ruled out that an unbelievable catastrophe may break out. ""Viruses protected with a protein cover survive even in the permafrost; as soon as the temperature gets warmer they will immediately start reproducing.""American scientists treated the Antarctica discovery very seriously and even organized a special expedition that currently tests the ice for unknown viruses in order to develop an antidote in good time.What is the source of the virus in Antarctica where only penguins can survive in the ice? There is no answer to the question, specialists are at a loss. However, several theories concerning the problem have been put forward.A majority of scientists are inclined to believe that prehistoric forms of life probably survived in the permafrost. But some specialists blame bonzes of the Third Reich for delivery of a secretly developed bacteriological weapon to Antarctica. And this theory arose not in a vacuum. It is known that already in 1938 Nazis suddenly became interested in Antarctica, they organized two expeditions to the area in 1938-1939.At first, planes of the Third Reich took detailed pictures of unexplored territories and then they dropped several thousands of metal pennons with swastika there. The whole of the explored territory was called Neuschwabenland and was considered a part of the Third Reich.After the expedition, Captain Ritscher reported to Field-Marshal Göring:""The planes dropped the pennons 25 kilometers apart; we covered the area of about 8.600 thousand square meters. 350 thousand square meters of them were photographed.""In 1943, Grand Admiral Karl Dönitz dropped a remarkable phrase:""Germany's submarine fleet is proud that it created an unassailable fortress for the Führer on the other end of the world.""It highly likely means that Nazis were building a secret base in Antarctica within 1938-1943.Submarines were mostly used for transportation of necessary freight to the place.As specialists for the Third Reich wrote, at the end of WWII the submarines were relieved of their torpedo arms in the port of Kiel and then were loaded with containers with different goods. The submarines also received passengers whose faces were hidden behind surgical bands.Wilhelm Bernhard was commander of one of the submarines, U-530; the submarine left the port of Kiel on April 13, 1945. When it reached the shores of Antarctica, 16 members from the crew built an ice cave and put boxes into the cave; it was allegedly said that the boxes contained relics of the Third Reich, including Hitler's documents and personal stuff. The operation was code named Valkyrie-2.When the operation was over on July 10, 1945, the submarine U-530 entered the Argentinean port of Mar-del-Plata and surrendered to the authorities.It is also supposed that another submarine from the formation, U-977, under the command of Heinz Schäffer delivered the remains of Adolf Hitler and Eva Braun to Neuschwabenland. It followed the route of the U-530 submarine and called at Antarctica. The submarine arrived in Mar-del-Plata on August 17, 1945.But the version of Wilhelm Bernhard and Heinz Schäffer saying that the submarines delivered relics to the Antarctica shores (both captains told it at the interrogations held by the American and British intelligence services) seems rather dubious. It is unlikely that the serious operation was designed only for the sake of delivery of the Third Reich documents and relics.Later, special services seized a confidential letter of Captain Schäffer to his friend, Captain Wilhelm Bernhard who obviously planned to publish his memoirs.The letter was dated with June 1, 1983.It runs as follows: ""Dear Willy,I was thinking if it is reasonable to publish your manuscript concerning the U-530. The three submarines that took part in that operation (U-977, U-530 and U-465) are currently at the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean. Isn't it better to leave them there? My old friend, think about it! Think please how then my book will look when you publish your memoirs (after, WWII Heinz Schäffer wrote a book named ""U-977"").We all made an oath to keep the secret; we did nothing wrong, we just obeyed the orders and fought for our loved Germany and its survival. Please think again: isn't it better to picture everything as a fable? What results do you plan to achieve with your revelations? Think about it, please."" Even 40 years after the events, Heinz insisted that Bernhard mustn't say the truth. Is it possible that the submarines delivered something more dangerous to the continent, not Hitler's documents?Could it be the bacteriological weapon traces of which were discovered in Antarctica as unknown viruses in the permafrost last year? NEUBERLIN If you had been a Wehrmacht soldier at the bombed-out railroad station in Poltava, a city in the Ukraine, during the summer of 1942, you may have seen a very strange-looking military unit on the march, heading for a waiting passenger train.The unit consisted of women, all of them blond and blue-eyed, between the ages of 17 and 24, tall and slender, their sensational figures encased in striking sky-blue uniforms.Each woman wore an Italian-style garrison cap, an A-line skirt with the hem below the knee, and a form-fitting jacket with the insignia of the SS. You might have thought the SS had recruited a platoon of high-class call girls, but the truth was far stranger than that. You would have been looking at Reichsführer-SS Heinrich Himmler's latest brainstorm - the Antarktische Siedlungnsfrauen [Antarctic Settlement Women or ASF].The story actually begins in 1938, when the German seaplane carrier Schwabenland sailed across the South Atlantic, bound for Queen Maud's Land in Antarctica.According to Russian ufologist Konstantin Ivanenko,""The Schwabenland sailed to Antarctica, commanded by Albert Richter, a veteran of cold-weather operations.""The Richter expedition's scientists used their large Dornier seaplanes to explore the polar wastes, emulating Admiral Richard E. Byrd's efforts a decade earlier.""The German scientists discovered ice-free lakes (heated by underground volcanic features) and were able to land on them. It is widely believed that the Schwabenland's expedition was aimed at scouting out a secret base of operations.""A German base was established in the Muhlig-Hofmann Mountains, just inland from the Princess Astrid Coast. The area was renamed Neuschwabenland (New Swabia) and ""the base was known only as Station 211.From the movie Schindler's List, people have gotten the idea that killing Jews was the Nazis' main concern. But in actual fact, Hitler and the SS were just as ruthless with the rest of the population in their eastern European empire, thinking nothing of shuffling large numbers of people around in their quest for a more perfect Aryan race.This shuffle was accomplished by a little-known office of the SS called the Rasse und Siedlungshauptamt (German for Race and Settlement Bureau) or RuSHA. In the Ukraine alone, RuSHA drafted 500,000 women for forced labor in the munitions factories of Nazi Germany.It was RuSHA which selected women for Himmler's unit of Antarktische Siedlungsfrauen (Antarctic Settlement Women) About half of the ""recruits"" were Volksdeutsch-ethnic Germans whose ancestors had settled in the Ukraine in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centuries. The others were native Ukrainians whom RuSHA had ""upgraded"" to full Aryans.This process was called Eindeutschung (Germanization).According to Ivanenko,""There is increased popularity for the idea of a 'German-Slavonic Antarctic Reich.' It is said that 10,000 of the 'racially most pure' Ukrainians, out of half a million deported in 1942 by Martin Bormann, were transported to the German Antarctic bases during World War II, in the proportion of four Ukrainian women to one German man.""If true, this would mean that Himmler transferred 2,500 Waffen-SS soldiers, who had proven themselves in combat on the Russian front, to Station 211 - now Neuschwabenland - in Antarctica. This may be the source of the myth of the ""Last SS Battalion.""An ASF training camp was set up in Estonia, on a peninsula near Ristna on Hiiumaa Island in the Baltic Sea. It was a combination finishing school and boot camp, where the ladies took lessons in charm and housekeeping along with their courses in polar survival. Himmler kept the camp's existence a closely-guarded secret. For ""unhappy campers,"" the only escape consisted of a one-way train ticket to Auschwitz.(There is one known instance of an ASF ""deserter."" In 1943, Auschwitz guard Irma Griese, 22, the off-and-on girl friend of Dr. Josef Mengele , took to wearing a sky-blue ASF uniform, which she had scavenged from a pile of inmate clothing. Griese was hanged in 1946 for war crimes. The uniform's original owner must have had serious second thoughts about a permanent move to Antarctica).The failure of Grossadmiral Karl Dönitz's U-boat offensive by May 1943 freed up dozens of ""milk cow"" U- boats. These were large submarines, almost as big as tramp steamers, which Dönitz had used to supply his U- boat ""wolf packs"" in remote seas of the world. Himmler now put them to work carting supplies and personnel to Antarctica.Himmler's rationale for sending thousands of settlers to Antarctica can only be understood within the context of his mystic beliefs. As a result of his youthful reading of New Age books, his association with the occultist Dr. Friedrich Wichtl, and his membership in the Artamen, Himmler became a believer in the Hindu concept of world-ages or yugas. He believed that the current age, or Kali Yuga, would end in a global cataclysm, thereby giving birth to a new world-age called the Satya Yuga.By sending a Nazi colony to Antarctica, Himmler was ensuring that a remnant of the ""pure Aryan race"" would survive the coming cataclysm with its society and culture intact. They would then take possession of Antarctica when the cataclysm melted the south polar ice cap.According to believers, the Neuschwabenland colony survived not only the end of World War II, but a full on battle with the 3,500 Marines and aircraft of Operation High Jump .In 2003 Ivanenko wrote:""The total population of Nazis in Antarctica now exceeds two million and that many of them have undergone plastic surgery in order to move about with greater ease through South America and conduct all manner of business transactions.""He called the Antarctic Reich,""one of the most militarily powerful states in the world because it can destroy the USA several times over with its submarine-based nuclear missiles, remaining itself invulnerable to U.S. nuclear strikes because of the two-mile-thick ice shield.""Further, he claims that the city of Neu Berlin, the colony's capital, sprawls through ""narrow sub-glacial tunnels"" under an unnamed mountain range, heated by ""volcanic vents.""The ufologist also makes the claim that Neu Berlin adjoins:""the prehistoric ruins of Kadath, which may have been built by settlers from the lost continent of Atlantis well over 100,000 years ago.""Still other fringe researchers claim that the actual ruins of Atlantis have been found — and possibly reoccupied — under the Antarctic ice. Some say that Atlantis is located near one of the 70 or so warm water lakes that have been discovered miles beneath the Polar Ice Sheet, such as Lake Vostok near the Russian base at the Pole of Inaccessibility.Another of the oft made claims about Neuberlin is that the city has an Alien Quarter, where Pleiadians , Zeta Reticulans , Reptoids , Men In Black , Aldebarani and other visitors from the stars dwell. As we have seen, the Nazis were working on some very advanced aircraft, some of which may have been capable of leaving the earth's atmosphere.Some researchers are convinced that the Nazis did indeed make it to the moon , and even Mars . Could they have made contact with space aliens once they left the earth? Or, could their rockets, foo-fighters and disk aircraft have attracted aliens to visit them?A claim floats around in modern U.F.O. lore that an extraterrestrial craft with anti-gravity propulsion crashed in the Schwarzwald in the summer 1936, and was recovered by the Nazis who back-engineered it, thus explaining their flying saucer program. You can read more about Nazi UFOs here . This parallels stories of a similarly recovered crashed ""saucer"" near Roswell , New Mexico in 1947, the American back-engineering of which supposedly led to the discovery of the transistor (patented by Bell Laboratories the following year), fiber-optics and other exotic technologies.Ivanenko reported that talk about the Antarctic Reich is ""becoming more and more popular"" in Russia, Poland, the Ukraine, Belarus and other countries in eastern Europe.He writes:""In the May 10, 2003 issue of the (newspaper) 'Frankfurter Allgemeine', Polish journalist A. Stagjuk criticized Poland's decision to send troops to Iraq"" to assist with the Allied occupation.""At the end, he said, 'The next Polish government will sign a treaty with Antarctica and declare war on the USA.'""Ivanenko added that Stagjuk's words were broadcast on the shortwave radio station Deutsche Welle the same week.""Some analysts compared this sentence to famous code phrases which started wars in the Twentieth Century, such as 'Over all of Spain, the sky is cloudless' in 1936, and 'Climb Mount Niitaka' in 1941.""(""Climb Mount Niitaka"" was the signal Admiral Yamamoto sent to Kido Butai, the Imperial Japanese Navy's fleet, to begin the attack on Pearl Harbor.)It is strange to think of a large population living under the ice of Antarctica, totally divorced from the ""mainstream"" world.Then again, there are Jivaro indigenous people living on Lago de Yanayacu (lake), less than 50 kilometers (30 miles) east of Iquitos, Peru, who have never heard of Courtney Love.So, is there a city under the ice inhabited by the grandchildren and great-grandchildren of the original SS settlers?Or is it just an urban legend stemming from the chaotic conditions that prevailed in Europe during World War II?Some day we may know for certain. Excerpt of Jim Marrs ' article from ""Alien Agenda"" Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
13375,FBI Reviewing Clinton Emails Found While Investigating Anthony Weiner (VIDEO),"FBI Reviewing Clinton Emails Found While Investigating Anthony Weiner (VIDEO) By Michelle Oxman on October 28, 2016 
Leave it to that pathetic loser, Anthony Weiner, to mess things up for the campaign of the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton. I bet Huma Abedin is kicking herself for not dumping him earlier. The FBI Announcement 
On October 28, 2016, FBI Director James Comey informed Congress that the Bureau had learned of new emails that might be relevant to the investigation of Hillary Clinton’s use of an unauthorized primate email server. 
The FBI planned to review the emails to determine whether they were relevant to the Clinton case and, if so, how. Comey stated that the agency learned of the emails in an unrelated criminal case, which he did not identify. 
Naturally, the news media jumped the gun and concluded that the Clinton investigation was back on. And just as naturally, the truth was not so simple. JUST IN: FBI Director informs Congress Hillary Clinton email investigation is back on. pic.twitter.com/2p4iAAYH97 
— ABC News (@ABC) October 28, 2016 Weiner and Clinton Emails? 
As it turns out, the emails that concerned the FBI were found on a device owned by Anthony Weiner. Yes, that Anthony Weiner, the one who couldn’t keep from sexting on his cell phone. 
He is the estranged husband of Huma Abedin, who was Hillary Clinton’s Chief of Staff when she was Secretary of State. Abedin remains one of Clinton’s closest aides. Abedin announced that the couple were separating after his latest sexting scandal. 
According to the New York Times , the FBI was investigating text messages that Weiner allegedly sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. In that investigation, the FBI examined the devices and computers that Weiner used. One of the devices also contained emails that the FBI determined might be related to the investigation into Secretary Clinton’s emails. Not A Reopening 
  candidate Donald Trump claims that Comey’s letter indicates that the entire investigation into Clinton’s email server is back on. They’re salivating over the possibility that Clinton’s campaign could go down in flames. However, that’s not what’s happening here. 
Back in July, Comey testified before Congress that the FBI investigation into Clinton’s email server was complete and the agency did not recommend that anyone be charged criminally. He also said that Clinton had been very careless with classified information. 
His October 28 letter informs Congress that the FBI will examine the emails found on Weiner’s computer to determine whether they contain classified information. Comey doesn’t know how long it will take or what he will find. What Remains The Same 
Still, it’s highly unlikely that any new information would change the ultimate outcome of the investigation. After all, Comey said back in July that no reasonable prosecutor would bring charges against Clinton without evidence that she either intentionally or recklessly shared classified information. 
Does anyone really think that the evidence will appear on Anthony Weiner’s computer? 
Watch this news clip for more information : 
Featured Image Via U.S. Dept. Of State / CC-0 And Talk News Service / CC-NC-2.0 Via Flickr About Michelle Oxman 
Michelle Oxman is a writer, blogger, wedding officiant, and recovering attorney. She lives just north of Chicago with her husband, son, and two cats. She is interested in human rights, election irregularities, access to health care, race relations, corporate power, and family life.Her personal blog appears at www.thechangeuwish2c.com. She knits for sanity maintenance. Connect",0
13376,"’Morning Joe’: ’We’re Not Talking About’ Griffin Story, We Will Talk About ’Covfefe’ Tweet - Breitbart","Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” declined to discuss comedian Kathy Griffin taking and apologizing for a photo depicting her holding up President Trump’s severed head on the grounds that it is “too gross. It’s just not worth doing. ” The show then teased discussion of President Trump’s “covfefe” tweet.  During a discussion on Americans going out to lunch less often, the Griffin news came up.   Brzezinski remarked, “We’re not talking about it. ” She added, “I’m sorry, it’s too gross. It’s just not worth doing. ” Brzezinski then teased the show’s next hour by previewing discussion of Trump’s “covfefe” tweet. (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
13377,Trump Team Begins Making List Of Executive Orders To ‘Erase Obama’s Presidency’ On Day One,"  
In what amounts to the first pang of just how profound America’s Election Day screw up truly was, Trump’s campaign is reportedly already working on a plan to scrub that last eight years of progress out of existence on Trump’s very first day in office . No Obama accomplishment will remain. They even have a name for the plan: The First Day Project. 
Organized by the Heritage Foundation, the goal is to deprive Obama of any lasting effect to his time in office. It’s a perverse sort of vengeance from a group of clowns who have spent the last decade smearing the president at every possible step of the way. 
Trump aides are organizing what one Republican close to the campaign calls the First Day Project. “Trump spends several hours signing papers—and erases the Obama Presidency,” he said. Stephen Moore, an official campaign adviser who is a senior fellow at the Heritage Foundation, explained, “We want to identify maybe twenty-five executive orders that Trump could sign literally the first day in office.” 
Thinking back over Obama’s list of wins – from gay rights to healthcare to the economy – the idea that these achievements can be erased by a collective of spiteful, bitter men in a matter of hours is almost too much to bear. The suffering to the people whose rights will surely be rolled back will be immense. 
And on a separate, but equally terrifying front, Trump’s campaign surrogate Omarosa told reporters that Trump has been compiling an “enemies list”– an assortment of people on the right and left who openly stood against him – and he plans on punishing those on the list when he gets to office. 
“I would never judge anybody for exercising their right to and the freedom to choose who they want. But let me just tell you, Mr. Trump has a long memory and we’re keeping a list.” 
Erase his predecessor, punish his enemies. In this way, with pen and sword, Trump plans to dismantle a democracy. The oldest, greatest one in the world – up until the point when it wasn’t. 
Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Share this Article!",0
13378,FBI Official’s Wife Involved In Email Case Got Big Donations From Hillary’s People,"Elections 2016 , U.S. Politics 
According to a recently released report, Virginia Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe, who has ties with Bill and Hillary Clinton, gave almost $500,000 to support the wife of an FBI official who was implicated in the investigation of Hillary Clinton’s unsecured email server from which she shared classified information from while Secretary of State. McAuliffe’s political organization gave over half a million in cash and material support to the election campaign of the wife of the official who helped oversee the Clinton email investigation. 
According to campaign finance records, McAuliffe’s political-action committee gave $467,500 to support Dr. Jill McCabe’s state Senate campaign. She is married to Andrew McCabe, the current deputy director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
Gov. McAuliffe also has a considerable amount of influence over the Virginia Democratic Party which also donated an additional $207,788 worth mailers to Dr. McCabe’s campaign. The $675,000 that was donated by entities under the control of Mr. McAuliffe, made up more than a third of all the campaign funds Dr. McCabe raised to run for office. 
State party leaders hand-picked Dr. McCabe to run, but lost to incumbent Republican Dick Black. According to a statement released by the FBI, Mr. McCabe “played no role, attended no events, and did not participate in fundraising or support of any kind. Months after the completion of her campaign, then-Associate Deputy Director McCabe was promoted to Deputy, where, in that position, he assumed for the first time, an oversight role in the investigation into Secretary Clinton’s emails.” FBI Official’s Wife Involved In Email Case Got Big Donations From Hillary’s People Share this: ",0
13379,Neoliberalism’s Border Guard,"by Outis Philalithopoulos In the most recent episode of this series , the ghost of Outis had fun watching a Disney movie. Afterwards, he spoke with Zootopia ‘s star, Judy Hopps, about the movie’s sly humor, and its efficacy at stigmatizing prejudice and fostering empathy for the suffering of others. After my visit from Judy, I felt reinvigorated, ready to take a fresh look at the questions that had puzzled me. I could discern three large scale principles at work in deciding whom to include and whom to exclude from the liberal tent. One is postmodernism. One is smartness. And the third, seen clearly in Zootopia , is a consensus about the reality of certain kinds of suffering and trauma. During the past few decades, the importance of smartness has if anything increased. A college education has become a basic requirement for being middle class, and parents of all political stripes scrabble desperately to get their children into the “best” schools. The credentialing sectors of capitalism have been dominated by liberals for decades, but only recently have we successfully leveraged this strategic asset into the idea that liberals are basically the same as educated people. Other sites of cultural production – Hollywood, television, marketing, social media corporations – are also stereotypically liberal, and have become much more responsive to pressure from progressives. Movies like Zootopia , watched by millions of parents and children, show how it is possible to direct corporate power toward positive goals. We have succeeded in dividing capitalism into two halves, one still ugly and irredeemable, but the other (the cultural and credentialing sectors) tamed, dynamic, and fashionable. We absorb into our alliance everyone from marketing professionals to college professors to people who just like the Daily Show, reinforcing our sense of truth by identifying things as stupid, backwards, or insane. Looking now at the other two principles – postmodernism and suffering – Wendy Brown foretold that, as foci, they would be unable to coexist. Since the time of her prediction, the balance between the two has shifted dramatically, and it has become clear that Brown was rooting for the losing side. Postmodernism lamented the modern world’s lack of orienting fixed points, and maybe tried to make a virtue out of this disorientation. Maybe, as I suggested to Foucault, it tried to establish the insistent assertion of the lack of fixed points as its own fixed point, and then covered the maneuver in a bewildering morass of verbiage. The contrast with the familiar liberalism of today is stark. We have reconstructed ourselves as progressives, burying postmodernism and reconstituting a robust sense of absolute morality and truth. The process took some time to gather steam, but is now at the helm of mainstream culture. Although we believe in some positive ideals like education, we have been especially successful at vanquishing the corrosive doubts of postmodernism by setting up negative ideals as transcendentally true. At the center of our imagination are atrocities like slavery, genocide, rape – these no one can doubt, these are things to which at one’s peril one refuses to kneel. Who can deny that they exist, that they hurt, that they are evil? We therefore pick out vivid episodes in which certain groups of people suffered, and make it clear that anyone that does not ritually acknowledge the reality of their suffering is unworthy to be part of society. In this way, we manage to stigmatize horrible, regressive behavior, but that isn’t enough. High profile instances of genocide and torture don’t appear every day, and commitment flags without regular stimulation. And so we have taken seriously at least one idea from postmodernism, the fascination with slight conceptual nuances, and the faith or fear that these nuances can produce enormously consequential effects. We focus not just on torture but also on less obviously brutal but still hurtful behavior (“micro-aggressions”); not just on behavior but on language, not just on language but also on thoughts. By discouraging hurtful speech and sensitizing people to implicit bias, we make the world a more pleasant place. Critics of progressives complain about “political correctness,” but you can’t forge a unitary culture without imposing boundaries, and we mainly focus on obvious principles of good manners and consideration toward others. Zootopia as an Allegory Although there is still a long way to go, the progress of our culture toward liberation is historically unparalleled. Zootopia provides an extensive allegory about our achievement. We naturally dread the uncivilized past. One symbol of the past is the pathetic figure of Judy’s parents, who tell her to settle and not follow her dreams. More frighteningly, the plot of the movie revolves around the mysterious fact that some animals are reverting to wildness – the past is thus not merely the past, but threatens to return. There is a still more insidious threat, which is the possibility that some part of the past remains lodged inside of us, like the specks of evil that St. Augustine once believed that God places in us in order to foil our efforts to attain goodness on our own. This fear is hardly surprising, given that we have come to a consensus that certain ways of talking that just twenty or even ten years ago passed without comment in liberal circles are, in reality, clearly problematic. The climax of Zootopia is when Judy, without any selfish or cruel intent, loses control of her mouth – and primitive, nonprogressive ideas escape from it. Zootopia doesn’t merely show us the shadow of the past, but also offers us, as individuals, hope in the exciting future. Judy avoids becoming a carrot farmer like her parents, and is able to move past the degrading experience of working as a “meter maid.” By virtue of being impressive, competent, and using the rules in her favor, she is able to rise to the top and be valued for her abilities. Leftists often worry that professional success can lead to people losing their moral compass. Zootopia offers a helpful perspective on this dilemma. When Judy reaches the pinnacle of success, that is precisely when she messes up and says problematic things. At first glance, Zootopia seems to suggest that morality is far more important than worldly success. Judy responds to her fault by taking a leave of absence from her job and feeling terrible. In the end, she is only able to redeem herself by treating herself as utterly worthless: by confessing abjectly to Nick, pronouncing herself damned, and handing him the only key that can set her free. I now realized, though, that the message of the movie was optimistic. True, if we say or think wrong things, we need to respond seriously, the way Judy did. But if we do that – and if we express support for progressive ideals and acknowledge our privilege – then we can be as successful as we want to be. There doesn’t need to be any conflict between ambition and being a good person. That doesn’t mean that liberals have to care about professional success. If you want to care about people in Africa or the plight of the working class, that’s great, too. The important thing is that we come together on the important things, like basic moral principles and recognizing the suffering of marginalized groups. As this consensus consolidates, society will continue to progress. Some people will try to derail the process, maybe due to sensitivity about having been called out, or anger at losing their privilege. More and more, those people will be seen as throwbacks. Demographic forces will render them irrelevant. Maybe they will just be swept away by globalization. Or – maybe – they can work at the DMV. The Phantom A bell sounded and roused me from my vision of the future. There I saw a Phantom, draped and hooded, gliding like mist along the ground towards me. It was shrouded in a deep, black garment, which concealed its head, its face, its form, and left nothing visible except one outstretched hand. “The Spirit of Liberalism Yet To Come, I presume?” I asked. The Spirit did not answer. I felt a stab of fear at what it might show me. Would the current positive trajectory continue? Would the future bring cultural progress in ways I couldn’t even imagine? Or would the 2020s instead feature a cyclical swing back to postmodernism? Or something worse still? The Spirit merely pointed onward with its hand. I followed it, and found myself listening to another speech, taking place not in the far future, but toward the end of 2016. Yet my sense of foreboding did not abate, and for apparently no reason at all, the cloud-capped towers and gorgeous palaces of my vision suddenly seemed insubstantial, and vain. I remain curious why the “debate” over antiracism as a politics takes such indirect and evasive forms – like the analogizing and guilt by association, moralistic bombast in lieu of concrete argument – and why it persists in establishing, even often while denying the move, the terms of debate as race vs. class. He seemed to refer to “antiracism” as if it were not an obviously good thing. I looked at his name plate. Adolph Reed? Who was this person? In the logic of antiracism, exposure of the racial element of an instance of wrongdoing will lead to a recognition of injustice, which will in turn lead to remedial action – though not much attentions seems ever given to how this part is supposed to work. I suspect this is because the exposure part, which feels so righteously yet undemandingly good, is the real focus. I did not understand why the sound of his voice troubled me so much. “Spirit!” I exclaimed, “this is a fearful place. I will not forget its lessons, trust me. Let me go!” But the Ghost only pointed, with an unmoved finger, at Reed, whose icy words burned in my ears. These responses [show] how fundamentally antiracism and other identitarian programs are not only the left wing of neoliberalism but active agencies in its imposition of a notion of the boundaries of the politically thinkable – sort of neoliberalism’s intellectual and cultural border guard. “Answer me one question,” I cried. “Are the things Reed says the shadows of things to come, or are they merely his own cynical perspective?” I caught at the Spirit’s spectral hand. It sought to free itself, but I persisted. Yet the Spirit was stronger than I was, and repulsed me. I fell to the ground, and when I arose, I was alone in the weeping land. * * * The series concludes tomorrow, with Outis reaching new conclusions and making an important decision. Sources: Adolph Reed’s remarks are from a recent interview and an earlier article . Some of the thoughts on political correctness are based on Belle Waring’s Crooked Timber article . 0 0 0 0 0 0",0
13380,"Apple Adds to Qualcomm’s Troubles, Filing Lawsuit Over Rebates - The New York Times","SAN FRANCISCO  —   By mastering some tough computer chip technology and then pulling off an audacious business strategy based on selling its smartphone knowledge, Qualcomm has made billions of dollars and seized influence in the tech industry. Some days that is a real drag. On Friday, Apple, its longtime partner, sued Qualcomm over what it said was $1 billion in withheld rebates. In the lawsuit, filed in Federal District Court for the Southern District of California, in San Diego, Apple said the money had been promised in conjunction with an agreement not to buy chips from other suppliers or to divulge Qualcomm’s intellectual property licensing practices. The suit seeks the rebates, among other things. Apple sued three days after the  Federal Trade Commission accused Qualcomm of using anticompetitive practices to guarantee its high royalty payments for advanced wireless technology. The commission cited Qualcomm’s deals with Taiwanese companies that manufacture Apple iPhones over semiconductors it sells for the iPhone. In its complaint, the commission described Qualcomm as “the world’s dominant supplier” of semiconductors that manage smartphone communications. The commission said Qualcomm had obtained “elevated royalties” for its patented intellectual property on wireless communications. Other smartphone chip makers have to pay Qualcomm for that intellectual property, too. The commission and Apple complaints follow several other problems, including a $975 million fine by Chinese regulators in 2015 and activist shareholder complaints later that year that forced layoffs at Qualcomm. Last month, Qualcomm was fined $850 million in South Korea for unfair patent licensing. When Apple provided information to South Korean regulators in that case, and sought competing chips from Intel, Qualcomm refused to pay Apple its promised money, Apple said. Qualcomm has vowed to fight the South Korean charge and the F. T. C. suit. “Apple has intentionally mischaracterized our agreements and negotiations,” Qualcomm said in a statement, adding that it would fight that lawsuit, too. Few expect Qualcomm to back down. It was shaped by its founders to be brainy, combative and profitable. “They are seasoned, and equipped to fight,” said Mark Hung, an analyst at Gartner. “But when such a big company is so reliant on the way it sells its intellectual property, and under the microscope in various geographies, it’s tough. ” Qualcomm, which is based in San Diego, far from Silicon Valley, was founded in 1985 by seven people, including Irwin Jacobs and Andrew Viterbi. The two were   electrical engineering professors who had formed a military satellite communications company. Qualcomm’s engineers work at a   campus between a park and the University of California, San Diego. They have earned thousands of patents, including for the airplane mode on smartphones and the way apps are downloaded from stores. Companies like Samsung and Apple need Qualcomm for the technology that enables things like   wireless video for millions of people at once. Its major technology is spread spectrum, which harnesses lots of computation and clever radio engineering for use in the various functions of smartphones. Qualcomm’s radio technology is called CDMA, for code division multiple access, a way voice calls work more efficiently over cellphone networks. And the company’s influence grew over the last several years with the advent of   or 3G, phones as people started downloading lots of mobile data as well as making calls. At the time, many thought Qualcomm’s success would be limited to that transition. Instead, Qualcomm innovated in 4G wireless for the new smartphones from Samsung and Apple that toppled Nokia and Motorola. In its last fiscal year, Qualcomm had revenue of $23. 6 billion and a profit of $5. 7 billion. Qualcomm’s ventures in phones and network gear helped promote CDMA but did not make much money because older companies did not need CDMA until the success of wireless began to tax the capacity of their networks. Qualcomm turned to Asian companies that wanted to get into wireless. “You’d never have seen the Koreans or the Chinese in wireless if not for Qualcomm and CDMA,” said Clint McClellan, a   employee of Qualcomm who now runs a wireless health business. “We enabled those markets. ” South Korea, in particular, made CDMA an industrial policy, which carried Qualcomm for years. More recently, China accounted for half of Qualcomm’s revenue. Apple’s Taiwanese manufacturers, which pay Qualcomm royalties for iPhones, are another big profit center. Qualcomm would not say what it charges for its intellectual property, but analysts figure the fee usually amounts to 5 percent of the selling price of a phone  —   at least it did, until the 2015 Chinese fine, which included an agreement that Chinese manufacturers pay only about half the old Qualcomm royalty. That, and problems collecting Chinese royalties even before the agreement, hurt Qualcomm’s share price. In 2015, Jana Partners, an activist hedge fund, stepped in and pressed for a breakup of the company into separate intellectual property and chip businesses. That did not happen, but Qualcomm cut about 15 percent of its staff, cut executive pay and gave Jana three board seats. The stock has recovered to about where it was just before the fine, but not to the heights it reached before the problems. By helping to create today’s smartphone giants, Qualcomm may have engineered its current woes. Qualcomm executives say they see a connection between the China discounts, which Qualcomm had hoped would be limited to that country, and the latest regulatory attacks. “We believe Samsung had a major role to play in the Korean decision,” said Don Rosenberg, a lawyer for Qualcomm. The regulators, he said, “were prodded and misled by commercial interests. ” In an email,   Jee, a spokeswoman for Samsung, said it “was one of many multinational corporations” that responded to questions from South Korean regulators. Qualcomm’s lawyer figures the Korean case may take years to move through the courts. And recent events, including the impeachment of South Korea’s president and a  bribery scandal at Samsung, could complicate, or eliminate, Qualcomm’s regulatory issues there. Additionally, the F. T. C. has just three of its normal five commissioners. One of those, Maureen Ohlhausen, a Republican, voted against the suit. She may be named chairwoman when the current chairwoman, Edith Ramirez, a Democrat, steps down on Feb. 10. Neither the F. T. C. nor Apple would comment on the United States case against Qualcomm. “It’s disappointing when our partners want to pay less after we’ve contributed to their success,” said Derek Aberle, Qualcomm’s president. Now it must get out ahead of other technology inventors in 5G, possibly while paying billions in fines and dealing with a painful restructuring and fraying relationships with its biggest customers. “We’re not sitting still” while the problems are sorted, Mr. Aberle said. “You have to invest, and invent cool stuff that will change the way people live their lives. ” In other words, create unique technology so people will keep paying for Qualcomm’s expensive intellectual property.",0
13381,5 Reasons Why You Should Never Use Dryer Sheets Again,"Share on Facebook Most commercial dryer sheets are loaded with all sorts of toxic chemicals including Benzyl Acetate, Benzyl Alcohol, Chloroform and Linalool; none of which are good for your health. In addition to all the chemicals that end up on your skin, when heated, the fumes are also toxic. These toxins go straight to their brain's most sensitive neurological centers and wreck havoc. 5 Killer Reasons to Ditch Dryer Sheets Artificial Fragrances When people use dryer sheets, they are coating their clothes with artificial chemical perfumes. These fragrance chemicals are extremely toxic. They are known carcinogens that cause liver damage and cancer in mammals. In a recent study performed by UW professor Dr. Anne Steinemann, a research team conducted a small study to understand the effects of fragrances in laundry products (both detergent and dryer sheets). The results discovered more than 25 VOCs emitted from dryer vents, with highest concentrations of acetaldehyde, acetone, and ethanol (two of which are considered carcinogenic). To put it into context, one of the carcinogenic VOCs, acetaldehyde, had emissions that would represent 3% of total acetaldehyde emissions from automobiles in the study area. This is a major omission of toxic chemicals. According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and industry-generated Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS) from the 1990s, the following is a list of chemicals in fabric softener products, most in untested combinations. 1. Alpha-Terpineol–This chemical has been linked to disorders of the brain and nervous system, loss of muscle control, depression, and headaches. 2. Benzyl acetate–Benzyl acetate has been linked to cancer of the pancreas. 3. Benzyl alcohol–This upper respiratory tract irritant can cause central nervous system (CNS) disorders, headache, nausea, vomiting, dizziness and dramatic drops in blood pressure. 4. Chloroform–Neurotoxic, anesthetic and carcinogenic. Really toxic to your brain. Inhaling its vapors may cause loss of consciousness, nausea, headache, vomiting, and/or dizziness, drowsiness. 5. Ethanol– Another fabric softener ingredient which is on the EPA's Hazardous Waste list and linked to CNS disorders. 6. Ethyl Acetate–causes headaches and is on the EPA Hazardous Waste list. 7. Linalool–in studies, this chemical caused loss of muscle coordination, nervous system and brain disorders, and depression. 8. Pentane–causes headaches, nausea, dizziness, fatigue, drowsiness, and depression. What's the alternative to toxic dryer sheets? Wool balls. They are 100% natural and are effective at getting rid of static cling and wrinkles, soften clothes.",0
13382,2016 Tribute to our Troops: veterans who continue to serve,"‹ › Arnaldo Rodgers is a trained and educated Psychologist. He has worked as a community organizer and activist. 2016 Tribute to our Troops: veterans who continue to serve By Arnaldo Rodgers on November 4, 2016 veterans By fox2detroit.com Since 2003, FOX 2 has honored the men and women who put their lives on the line for our country. Each year, our goal is to pay “Tribute to our Troops” from Michigan and with ties to the Great Lakes State. That tradition continues this year, as we honor our veterans who continue to inspire us, long after their service. We also focus on issues facing our veterans, including homelessness, PTSD and the unique battles for female veterans. Here are some of the highlights from this year’s program: – President Obama presents the Medal of Honor to LTC Charles Kettles of Ypsilanti, nearly 50 years after his service. Kettles is a U.S. Army veteran. The war hero saved dozens of American soldiers in Vietnam. 
Read the Full Article at www.fox2detroit.com >>>> Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VNN, VNN authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. Notices Posted by Arnaldo Rodgers on November 4, 2016, With 0 Reads, Filed under Veterans . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can leave a response or trackback to this entry FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
13383,Are You Ready for Aftermath of the Election? Will There Be An Election?,"Previous Are You Ready for Aftermath of the Election? Will There Be An Election? 
I recently interviewed geopolitical and prepping expert, Bob Griswold of Ready Made Resources . We discussed the election and the false flag attacks that could like between the now and preventing the election. 
Most importantly, Bob the provided the listeners with some very low-cost and effective means of prepping for the coming disasters that are coming our way.",0
13384,Mysterious 'pinging' at bottom of Arctic sea... Wildlife spooked... | RedFlag News,"
UK TELEGRAPH 
Canada's military is investigating a mysterious ""pinging"" that is emanating from the sea floor in the Arctic . 
The sound, which has also been described as a ""hum"" or a ""beep"", has apparently spooked the local wildlife in the Fury and Hecla Strait. 
Paul Quassa, a member of the legislative assembly, said the noise was ""emanating from the sea floor"". 
""That's one of the major hunting areas in the summer and winter ... And this time around, this summer, there were hardly any. And this became a suspicious thing."" 
The military said it was investigating what was causing the sound. 
""The Department of National Defence has been informed of the strange noises emanating in the Fury and Hecla Strait area, and the Canadian Armed Forces are taking the appropriate steps to actively investigate the situation,"" an armed forces spokesperson told CBC News . ",0
13385,"Edgar Feuchtwanger Bore Witness, Horribly Close to Hitler - The New York Times","To be a Jew in Germany in the 1930s was not comfortable. Edgar Feuchtwanger, a schoolboy in Munich at the time, knew the fear and the dread shared by all German Jews witnessing the unstoppable ascent of a madman. Yet his situation was different. Very different. In 1929, Adolf Hitler moved into Mr. Feuchtwanger’s neighborhood. With money from his publisher, Hitler took a   apartment on the third floor of No. 16 Prinzregentenplatz (Prince Regent Square). It was luxurious, with two bathrooms and two kitchens. Edgar, 5 years old, could see it from his window, a building not 100 yards away on Grillparzerstrasse. And for the next nine years, until the Feuchtwangers fled Germany in 1938, Edgar lived virtually side by side with a man bent on exterminating him, his family and every family like his, not only in Germany, but as far as the Reich could extend its dominion. Mr. Feuchtwanger ( ) whose memoir, “I Was Hitler’s Neighbor,” was published last year in translation in Britain, will speak about his childhood, and the man who cast his shadow over it, at the 92d Street Y on Friday at 2 p. m. The book, originally in French, has not been published in the United States. Today, at 91, he could well be the last German Jew alive who grew up within arm’s reach of Hitler and observed him day to day, if only in fleeting glimpses. Speaking in a relative’s apartment in Midtown on Wednesday, Mr. Feuchtwanger, a historian who taught for 30 years at the University of Southampton, in England, and now lives in a village near Winchester, recalled his brushes with Hitler, and some of the turning points in   history. He brought with him, in a manila envelope, notebooks from his days at the Gebele School in Munich, filled with assignments on patriotic themes and decorated, here and there, with tributes to the leader whom Germans were learning to call Führer. The neighborhood, he said, was stocked with Nazis. On his way to school, he walked past the villa of Heinrich Hoffmann, Hitler’s photographer, the man who introduced Eva Braun, then his shop assistant, to Hitler. Often, he caught a glimpse of Hitler lounging in a deck chair in the garden. Not far away was the house of Ernst Röhm, head of the Nazi Party’s paramilitary wing. “He is somewhat forgotten today,” Mr. Feuchtwanger said, speaking slowly, with the hint of a German accent. “But at the time he was considered the second man in the Reich, the only one whom Hitler had to address with some respect. When he spoke to Hitler he did not call him ‘mein Führer,’ but used the informal ‘du. ’” Röhm was soon out of the picture, arrested personally by Hitler on June 30, 1934, in the purge known as the Night of the Long Knives. Mr. Feuchtwanger knew of it long before most of his fellow Germans. Hearing jackboots and slamming car doors, he went to the window and saw SS officers assembling a motorcade for the short trip to Hanselbauer Hotel in Bad Wiessee, where Röhm and his followers were staying. “Even as a small boy I could sense the tremendous, hot tension there was around,” Mr. Feuchtwanger wrote in his memoir. “That public events could produce such tension, that gripped one’s throat, almost took one’s breath away, is now practically unknown to the present generation. ” Mr. Feuchtwanger’s first memorable encounter with Hitler himself occurred when he was 8. He and his nanny, out for a stroll, began walking down Prinzregentenstrasse. “Just as we passed his front door, Hitler came out, wearing a mackintosh and a trilby hat,” Mr. Feuchtwanger said. “There were some people in the street who shouted ‘Heil Hitler.’ Then he looked at me and my nanny, quite benevolently. ” Mr. Feuchtwanger paused for a moment and said, “If he had known who I was, it would have been quite different. ” Indeed. The name Feuchtwanger was well known to Hitler and the Nazi Party, and not in a good way. Edgar’s father, Ludwig, was not the problem. As the director of Duncker  Humblot, a distinguished publishing house specializing in books on economics and sociology, he was objectionable only because he was a prosperous Jew. Racial laws forced him out of the business in 1936. Ludwig’s brother, Lion, was another matter. At the time, he was probably the   novelist in Germany, the author of “Jud Süss” (“The Jew Süss”) a historical novel about the financial adviser to Duke Carl Alexander of Württemberg in the 18th century. The novel, published in 1925, was later twisted into a viciously   film by the Nazis, released in 1940. More offensive to the Nazi Party was his novel “Success. ” Set in Bavaria in the 1920s, it included a satirical portrait of Hitler, inserted into the novel as Rupert Kutzner, a   garage mechanic who creates a political movement, the Truly German Party. When “Success” was published in 1930, Joseph Goebbels announced in his newspaper, Der Angriff, that the author had just earned a seat on the first train out of Germany when the Nazis came to power. The novel featured prominently in the book burnings of May 1933. Goebbels himself turned up for the bonfire in Berlin. By chance, Lion was in the United States on a lecture tour when Hitler became chancellor, but his brother, back in Germany, bore the family name. It was not until the   Edgar Feuchtwanger recalled, that Hitler assumed his full dimensions. It was still possible to walk on the sidewalk in front of Hitler’s building. Hitler had not yet taken to wearing a military uniform at all times in public or traveling in motorcades. After he became chancellor in 1933, things changed. Mr. Feuchtwanger’s mother now complained that she could not get milk because the deliveryman was steering extra bottles to Hitler. SS guards moved into the apartment below his and took up positions on the sidewalk outside. Pedestrians were made to cross to the other side of the street. History paraded past young Edgar’s window. He saw the fleet of long,   Mercedes gather to depart for the annexation of Austria in 1938 and, several days later, watched as Hitler, standing erect, holding onto the windshield of his open car, greeted adoring crowds. Later that year, he watched Mussolini’s car taking him from the   conference that led to the signing of the Munich Agreement. “I would join in the crowds to see what was going on,” Mr. Feuchtwanger said, recalling the periodic commotion on the square outside Hitler’s building. Ludwig Feuchtwanger, like many Jews, misread Hitler at the outset. He believed that German Jews could reach some sort of livable, stable accommodation with the regime. “My parents did talk about the political situation, and I knew more about it than    do today,” Mr. Feuchtwanger said. “I knew that he was no good for us. But I wouldn’t say I was terrified. ” At school, Mr. Feuchtwanger was not tormented, by teachers or fellow students, although Nazification reached full steam by the time he entered the prestigious Maximilian Gymnasium in 1935. He was spared having to enroll in the Hitler Youth, obligatory for his   classmates. But he did have to stand for hours at a time, arm outstretched in the Nazi salute, at school rallies organized by the party. “The way you go through it was to rest your arm on the shoulder of the chap in front of you,” he said. He brought out two of his school notebooks. In the opening page of the first, to commemorate Labor Day 1933, he had inscribed a large swastika superimposed over the Communist hammer. “I had a teacher who was over the moon about the Nazi takeover,” he explained. Political reality sank in on Kristallnacht, in November 1938, when Edgar’s father was arrested and interned at Dachau. Amazingly, the camp administration failed to make the connection between his name and that of the author of “Success. ” Six weeks later he was released and began making plans to take his family out of Germany. “He knew it was curtains,” Mr. Feuchtwanger said. Nearly all the Feuchtwangers escaped. One of Ludwig’s eight siblings, a half sister, died in Theresienstadt. At 14, Edgar Feuchtwanger adopted a second life as an honorary Englishman. He studied at Winchester School, where classmates called him “fish finger” and “Volkswagen. ” He earned a doctorate in history at Magdalene College, Cambridge, and went on to write studies of the Victorian era, including biographies of Gladstone and Disraeli, and histories of modern Germany, up to the Nazi seizure of power. He reached again for a notebook. In this one, from 1934, he honored Hitler on his 45th birthday by pasting in a glowering portrait of the Führer, adorned with a Nazi eagle and swastika. Mr. Feuchtwanger smiled. “Just think, it was a Jewish child who did this,” he said.",0
13386,Hillary Reveals Her Pick for Secretary of State – This Woman CANNOT be Elected!,"0 comments 
Hillary Clinton has reportedly been eyeing Joe Biden for Secretary of State. Creepy Uncle Joe Biden. 
A source familiar with Clinton’s planning told Politico that Biden is at the top of her internal shortlist, but he has not yet been notified. The list is being prepared by Clinton’s “transition team.” 
According to the same source, Clinton’s team is strategizing about how to approach the Vice President, who nearly ran against her in the primaries. 
“He’d be great, and they are spending a lot of time figuring out the best way to try to persuade him to do it if she wins,” said the source. 
From Politico : 
Among the names most discussed: former undersecretary of state Wendy Sherman, the point person on the Iran deal and a favorite within the State Department; former Deputy Secretary of State Bill Burns, who now heads the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace; Nick Burns, the former under secretary of state of political affairs under George W. Bush who’s been an active advocate for Clinton this year; Kurt Campbell, Clinton’s assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific Affairs when she was in the job; Strobe Talbott, the deputy secretary of state during Bill Clinton’s first term and a longtime friend of the Clintons who’s now the president of the Brookings Institution; and James Stavridis, the retired admiral who earlier this summer made it into consideration as the sleeper pick to be her running mate. 
Despite being widely known for his numerous gaffes, Biden chaired the Senate Foreign Relations Committee before joining the Obama Administration, and is one of the most experienced and respected Democrats on the world stage. 
He is coming to what would be the close of a 44-year career in Washington, first with six terms in the Senate and then two terms as President Barack Obama’s closest adviser, and has expressed his desire to retire. 
In addition to his resumé, Biden would bring to the table a “star power” none of Hillary’s other picks could. 
To be fair, no one could possibly make a worse Secretary of State than Hillary herself, though Joe Biden might be a close second.",0
13387,"Long Avoided by Tourists, Iran Is Suddenly a Hot Destination - The New York Times","TEHRAN  —   For all of Iran’s attractions  —   breathtaking scenery and numerous World Heritage sites, among other things  —   there are plenty of downsides to vacationing in the Islamic republic. Alcohol is forbidden. There is very little night life, at least in public. All women, including visiting foreigners, are obliged to wear a head scarf. Then there are Iran’s politics: its strident   stance seemingly random arrests of people with dual citizenship hundreds of executions every year and a rather loose definition of human rights. None of that has changed, but suddenly Iran is a booming destination for Europeans seeking an adventurous vacation, particularly people from Spain, France and Scandinavia. Even tourism from the United States is picking up, industry insiders say. “I only knew Iran through the image the government presents in the media,” said Magali Magnim, a    video technician from Lyon, France. She and two friends were in Isfahan, one of Iran’s most historic cities, as part of a   tour. “But everything is so different from what I expected. ” What surprised her was that it felt safe. “Here on the streets, I feel more safe here than in France,” Ms. Magnim said. “I feel everybody I meet can be trusted. ” For many tourists, a trip to Iran was always more than just a holiday. It was a journey into the unknown, with a frisson of danger added. For decades, news coverage of the country was overwhelmingly negative, led by such topics as the Islamic Revolution in 1979 and the ensuing hostage crisis the death sentence issued against the British writer Salman Rushdie the crackdown on protests in 2009 and accusations that its leaders were trying to build a nuclear weapon. For outsiders, Iran has been a dark and scary place. What was often lost was the other side of Iran: its ancient history, its young and   population, its food and culture. After the 2015 nuclear agreement between Iran and six world powers, which led to the lifting of most sanctions and a reconnection to the world, the sharpest edges seem to have been taken off. Long suspicious of foreigners, Iranian officials  —   led by the   President Hassan Rouhani  —   are now welcoming them. The number of Western tourists who are visiting is hard to gauge accurately. Officials say more than 5. 2 million tourists visited last year, and more are expected this year. But that counts the millions of Shiite pilgrims who come to the country annually. In comparison, Turkey, the region’s tourism powerhouse, used to receive around 20 million tourists a year before an increase in terrorist attacks, a dispute with Moscow over a downed fighter plane and a failed coup attempt cut into the total. “In our travel agency, we catered to a thousand Westerners last year and will have well over 2, 000 Western visitors this year,” said Hossein Ramtin at the Marco Polo Iran Touring Company, one of the largest tour operators in Iran. He noted that many visitors are brought to Iran by foreign tour operators and other companies  —   including The New York Times, which offers cultural tours  —   and that he expected their numbers to rise. “Especially French and Spanish tourists are coming in large numbers,” he said. Opening the country to tourists is part of Mr. Rouhani’s carefully planned outreach to the West, aimed at cementing ties after the nuclear deal. Iran’s culture of hospitality should play a part in that policy, he said during a tourism conference in September, the Iranian news media reported. Iranian visa policies were already quite simple, with Europeans able to obtain one on arrival. After the nuclear deal was reached, the government extended the tourist visa to three months from two weeks. Americans and Britons are treated differently, permitted to travel the country only in guided tours where they can be watched. The policy of opening up to foreign tourists is propelling more visits, said Mr. Ramtin, the tour operator. “When they come home, they tell others Iran is safe and secure, and more will come. All in all, our image is slowly being upgraded. ” Every breakthrough in tourism is widely celebrated. Last month, when the Dutch carrier KLM became the latest European airline to fly to Iran, Iranian firefighters sprayed arcs of water over one of its aircraft in greeting. Iranian photojournalists covered it as if they were shooting a   event. “KLM returns to Iran,” front pages said the next day. Hotel development, in the deep freeze in the decades of isolation, has kicked in, with three new properties in Tehran since 2015 and more planned. However, overall tourist services are poor in many parts of the country, guides complain. Basically everything in the industry needs improving, said Pegah Ghanaat, a tour guide who works with Spanish visitors. “The entire tourism infrastructure needs an overhaul,” she said. “It’s as simple as that. ” Ms. Magnim, the French tourist, and her friends have found a way around the problem of hotel room shortages by using social media as their guide. Through a website called Couchsurfing, they spend their nights in the houses of Iranians who want to meet foreigners. “When you stay in people’s homes, you get to know the real culture,” Ms. Magnim said. “It turns out many Iranians have the same dreams and ideas we have. ” The number of Iranians offering beds and couches to crash on has mushroomed in recent years, to more than 36, 000 from virtually nothing, the Couchsurfing website reports. No money is exchanged, just experiences. “It’s a great way of showing the real Iran to foreigners,” said Reza Memarsadeghi, 43, who studied philosophy in Vancouver, British Columbia, and returned to Iran to take care of his ailing father. Back in Tehran, he heard of Couchsurfing, and now, six years later, he is known as the Godfather of Couchsurfing, having hosted more than 1, 000 foreigners in his parents’ basement. “I’ve stopped counting, to be honest. ” His enthusiasm also showed the limits of how much hospitality Iran’s rulers want their citizens to show. Mixing with foreigners is already suspicious, to Iran’s   at least, but having hundreds sleep over is too much even for those seeking better ties with the West. In August, Mr. Memarsadeghi was arrested and charged with making “propaganda against the Islamic republic” for hosting Western men and unveiled Western women who were mingling. “Now my mother won’t let me have guests staying over,” he said. He was released and is awaiting trial. Still, he wishes that even more foreigners would come to Iran. “It’s all about people meeting people,” he said. “That will change the world. ”",0
13388,Our Debt to Paula Jones,"Fitzgerald Griffin Foundation October 29, 2016 
[Classic: January 22, 1998] — Suddenly nobody is questioning Paula Jones’s veracity anymore. Mrs. Jones told a simple story and has stuck with it, while the president has shifted ground, equivocated with his patented “carefully worded denials,” and let his thuggish, blundering, and very expensive lawyer handle public relations. 
The Clinton team’s line, echoed by the major media until recently, has been that Mrs. Jones is “trailer-park trash” whose allegations are credible only to dirty-minded right-wing Clinton-haters. Never mind that her allegations are consistent with a great many other allegations from a great many sources. The Clinton strategy was to scare her off, and then, when that didn’t work, to make her character the issue, leaking their own allegations to the press. 
But her tenacity created enormous pressure, forcing the president to make a humiliating appearance in her presence a few days ago to give his deposition — and possibly to try to tamper with other witnesses. Only he knows how many other potential witnesses there are. 
The new charges of creepy lechery and criminality have finally cost Clinton his protective press. Though Newsweek spiked its own scoop, the story exploded anyway. All those journalists who have covered for Clinton now feel he’s yanked the rug out from under them once too often 
And it happened because a story they didn’t want to dignify with coverage refused to go away. The story Newsweek spiked was written by Michael Isikoff, who had left the Washington Post in fury two years ago when the paper spiked a similar story he’d written on the Jones suit. But now the “respectable” press has finally caught up with the “crazy” press, leaving Hillary Clinton to repeat her usual gripe — Bill’s just the victim of someone’s political agenda — to an empty gallery. 
Clinton is standing on a precipice, staring down into the abyss of impeachment and prison. One nudge — another story, witness, allegation, or tape recording — could push him over. And the market value of any damaging evidence has skyrocketed, with the media fighting fiercely for the kind of information they used to spurn. He’s at the mercy of any bimbo who wants to step forward. 
After being driven from office, Richard Nixon was able to make a comeback by claiming, however speciously, that his motive had always been to defend the dignity of the presidency. That’s a claim Clinton won’t be able to make. If he seduced a twenty-one-year-old White House intern and urged her to perjure herself for his sake, the dignity of the presidency was the last thing on his mind. Nor will he have the diehard it-didn’t-start-with-Watergate defenders Nixon had. In Clinton’s case, it started long ago in Arkansas. 
He arrived in Washington with a trail of sleazy rumors, some of them substantiated. The “respectable” press ignored all that, including the fact that Gennifer Flowers had enjoyed rapid promotion as a state employee (and had tapes of Clinton urging her to lie about their liaison). It ignored “right-wing” reports that he’d used state troopers to procure women. Such stories illustrated his readiness to abuse power for sleazy purposes, but they were treated as cheap sex gossip. When Paula Jones told her story, it fit the pattern — but was rejected as unworthy of serious attention. 
Now that the pattern is undeniable, Clinton is still Clintonizing — issuing new carefully-worded-denials, as if he might yet exculpate himself with verbal cleverness. It hasn’t sunk in that he no longer has many supporters who will seize on any excuse for believing his version. His guilt isn’t an epistemological puzzle. 
Supporting Clinton has become extremely costly. He has destroyed the Democrats’ congressional majorities in both houses, and though he managed to win reelection (by methods that will now get redoubled scrutiny), he has destroyed his own presidency. And his disgrace will be contagious. 
The major media should not be allowed to ask: “How were we supposed to know?” It’s their business to know — and to inform the public. But their job had to be done by Paula Jones and the “right-wing” press. ### 
This is one of 82 essays in Joe Sobran’s collection of his writing on the President Clinton years, titled Hustler: The Clinton Legacy , which has just been republished by FGF Books.",0
13389,9 Guantánamo Prisoners From Yemen Are Sent to Saudi Arabia - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The United States on Saturday transferred nine Yemeni detainees from its wartime prison at Guantánamo Bay to Saudi Arabia, completing a   diplomatic deal ahead of a planned visit to Riyadh by President Obama in the coming week. The effort to persuade the Saudi government to take the prisoners began in the Bush administration and finally resulted in an agreement in February. Current and former officials familiar with the negotiations called the timing of the transfer, which reduced the population at Guantánamo to 80 prisoners, a coincidence. “There have been a lot of discussions with the Saudis over the last few years, and they have been emphatic that it was very important to close Guantánamo,” said Cliff Sloan, who served as the State Department envoy for negotiating detainee transfers in 2013 and 2014. “They wanted to help with that. But the one thing they weren’t willing to do for a long time was actually accept Yemenis. That’s why this is a major breakthrough. ” The military brought each of the prisoners from the Afghanistan War to the American naval base at Guantánamo about 14 years ago, soon after President George W. Bush’s administration opened the prison in early 2002. Later, the Bush administration decided to try to close it, a goal the Obama administration has shared. But finding places to transfer the large number of   Yemeni detainees there has been a significant obstacle. American officials have been reluctant to repatriate them because Yemen is chaotic and has an active affiliate of Al Qaeda. But Saudi Arabia, which shares a border with Yemen, has a stronger government and security. It also operates a rehabilitation program for Saudis who have drifted into militant Islamism. The program tries to reverse their radicalization and help them reintegrate into peaceful society. It enlists their relatives to help and has a record of reducing  —   though not eliminating  —   the risk of recidivism, officials have said. In 2007, a leaked diplomatic cable shows, American officials toured the Saudi rehabilitation center, which is named for Prince Mohammed bin Nayef, a top security official, and raised the possibility of transferring Yemeni detainees with relatives living in the kingdom to the center. But Prince bin Nayef, who is now the crown prince, “said this would not be possible, primarily for domestic political reasons,” according to the document. When Mr. Obama became president in 2009 and vowed to close the prison at the Guantánamo military base in Cuba, there were 242 detainees, 99 of them Yemenis. In separate trips to Saudi Arabia that spring, John O. Brennan, then Mr. Obama’s top counterterrorism adviser, and Robert M. Gates, who was the defense secretary, again raised the idea, according to another leaked cable and news reports. They were again rebuffed. As Mr. Obama’s first term unfolded, the effort to close the prison ground to a halt as Congress imposed steep restrictions on transfers. But in 2013, amid a widespread hunger strike by detainees, he resumed his push for transfers  —   and renewed talks with the Saudis about the Yemenis. At that point, officials said, the main focus was an effort, led by the United Nations, to build a rehabilitation center in Yemen, where security conditions briefly appeared to be improving. The Saudis offered to help pay for a center. But Yemen soon resumed its downward spiral. In late 2013, officials said, Mr. Sloan gave a list of 10 Yemenis with families in Saudi Arabia to a representative of Prince bin Nayef, who suggested that the families petition the Saudi government to take them. The Obama administration passed the word on to the detainees’ lawyers. The administration also began working on resettling Yemenis in other places, starting with Eastern Europe in late 2014. In May 2015, when leaders of several Arab states visited Camp David, Mr. Obama privately urged them to take some Yemenis, officials said. Oman has since taken 20, and the United Arab Emirates five. In July, Lee Wolosky succeeded Mr. Sloan at the State Department. In one of his first acts, he commissioned a   report about the detainees with relatives in Saudi Arabia, officials said. The State Department passed the report to Saudi officials in August. The administration’s revived attempt to engage Saudi Arabia over the Yemenis was part of Secretary of State John Kerry’s broader efforts to repair diplomatic relations after disagreements and tensions in recent years he has visited Saudi Arabia five times since early 2015. The effort also followed the death of King Abdullah in January 2015 and the crowning of his successor, King Salman, who shuffled Saudi leadership. King Salman visited the United States in September. During a meeting in the Oval Office, officials said, Mr. Obama urged taking the Yemeni detainees who had relatives in Saudi Arabia. The new king indicated that he was willing to consider the idea, and Mr. Obama dispatched Mr. Wolosky to Riyadh, the Saudi capital, in October. “Lee did amazing diplomatic work in making the argument to the Saudis that some of the key successes of their rehabilitation program exist for the Yemeni detainees  —   like strong family ties,” said Daniel J. Rosenthal, who then worked on Guantánamo issues at the National Security Council. Later in October, Mr. Kerry visited Saudi Arabia again, but was told only that the Interior Ministry was still looking at the request, officials said. But a positive sign came from Brian Neff, a lawyer for one of the Yemeni men, Mashur al Sabri. After a parolelike board approved Mr. Sabri’s transfer last April, Mr. Neff drafted a petition for his family to send to the Saudi government, asking it to take Mr. Sabri. In October, his relatives told Mr. Neff that Saudi officials had visited them to study whether that plan would work. On Jan. 23, during another visit to Saudi Arabia, Mr. Kerry met with the king’s    son, Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who is now the defense minister, and Adel   the foreign minister. At that meeting, the prince said the Saudi government had decided to proceed with the American request. Mr. Wolosky returned to Saudi Arabia in early February to settle the details. But a new hurdle arose when the Saudi government said it needed a letter of consent from Yemen’s government. Because the government was in disarray  —   it had been pushed into exile in Riyadh by Houthi rebels  —   it was not clear how long it would take to get such a letter. But the Yemeni ambassador to the United States moved quickly, obtaining a letter signed by Yemen’s foreign minister and emailing it to Mr. Wolosky on Feb. 8. Mr. Jubeir was in Washington and already scheduled to go to the State Department later that day, and Mr. Kerry handed the letter to him, officials said. By March, Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter had notified Congress that he was satisfied with security arrangements and would transfer nine of the men, setting off a   waiting period. Administration officials are still deliberating over the 10th Yemeni. Mr. Neff said his client, Mr. Sabri, was “ecstatic” when he learned he would be sent to Saudi Arabia. “That is where his loved ones are, and everyone recognized that as the most appropriate living situation for him,” Mr. Neff said. “He is anxious to get on with living a peaceful life. ” The transferred detainees also included Tariq Ba Odah, a hunger striker whom the military has been   for years. Last summer, he filed a lawsuit asking a judge to order his release for medical reasons. After an internal debate, the administration decided to fight that request. Omar Farah, a lawyer for Mr. Ba Odah, called it “unforgivable” that the Obama White House had refused to concede the case in court last year and said that “until the very end, Mr. Ba Odah doubted he would be freed. ” The other detainees were Ahmed al Hikimi Abdul Naser Ali al Raimi Mohammed al Hamiri Ahmed Kuman Abdul al Qyati and Mansoor Qattaa.",0
13390,"49ers Give Kaepernick Prestigious Award for ‘Inspirational, Courageous Play’ - Breitbart","The San Francisco 49ers have bestowed upon Colin Kaepernick the highly prestigious Len Eshmont Award. [The award, which the team presents to the 49er who “best exemplifies the inspirational and courageous play of Len Eshmont, an original member of the 1946 49ers team,” is given annually and voted on by the players.  Kaepernick’s   protest against alleged racial inequality in America apparently “inspired” teammates to name him for the award. 49ers center Dan Kilgore, though initially skeptical of the reasons behind the protests, spoke about how Kaepernick won him over after a team meeting in August. Kilgore told ESPN, “After Kap stated his case today, and seeing where he is coming from, I do stand with Kap when he says ‘enough is enough’ against crime and the violence and discrimination and racism. I believe that enough is enough. But I could see why people would think it’s bad with the national anthem and the military. ” 49ers wide receiver Torrey Smith discussed some of the criticism Kaepernick has received. Smith said, “Colin has handled that situation better than anyone could have imagined. It hasn’t been a distraction in our locker room, and it probably helped him open up to a lot of our team and our teammates better. He’s been very open in communication about that as well as football. ” Ironically, the award is given to the player exhibiting the most “inspirational and courageous play,” and to date, Kaepernick’s play has inspired exactly one win in ten starts, and even that one win came by one point against arguably the most dysfunctional franchise in the entire NFL. Kaepernick obviously received this award due to his “inspirational and courageous activism,” not play. Yet, even then, what’s the scoreboard on that? Colin Kaepernick’s protests this year played a leading role in the NFL’s ratings demise, which hurts the league financially. Specifically it will hurt the hundreds of players in the league who make significantly less than Colin Kaepernick. So the protests haven’t helped the players. What about the “oppressed?” Have things improved for black people in America since Kaepernick launched his protest? To be fair, the social    movement began before Kaepernick, but he is certainly an extension of that. Crime increased nationally in America in 2015. The vast majority of that increase came from murder rate increases in major U. S. cities. Politicians and police leadership, labeled as racists by people like Colin Kaepernick have become so fearful that they’ve scaled back their previously aggressive crime prevention tactics, which causes the deaths of more inner city black people. The true legacy of Colin Kaepernick and those allied with him is the prolonged suffering of those he claims to help by paralyzing those responsible for their protection through fear tactics. Kaepernick’s legacy is that of an ego trip, launched by a quarterback with his best days behind him, and who couldn’t even bother to vote. If the 49ers want to reward that, well, then I guess we have a reason to abhor them too now. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn",0
13391,Comment on Alicia Keys Calls Original ‘Snow White’ ‘Sexist’ and ‘Misogynistic’ by MomOfIV,"Posted on November 7, 2016 by DCG | 5 Comments 
From MSN : Alicia Keys doesn’t want her kids “Fallin'” for the lessons in classic Disney animated films — especially Snow White. 
In the latest issue of The Edit magazine , the 35-year-old discussed why she doesn’t like her two sons watching certain movies. “They say that every child learns from their mother — and it’s ingrained from babyhood,” Keys said. “I get real funky about the classics; I don’t like [my sons] watching [the original Snow White]. It’s totally sexist, misogynistic — she’s cleaning for seven dwarfs.” 
The 1937 Disney animated film pits the titular White against an evil witch, with a colorful cast of dwarves for her to take care of. The “Girl on Fire” singer went on to clarify that it’s not how White spends her time that bothers her. “There’s nothing wrong with a woman who chooses to stay at home with her family, it’s a hard-ass job, but it’s the way it’s spoken about,” she said. 
As an artist, Keys has been known to create anthems for change and focusing on individuality. “For the first time, I’m recognizing how art, activism, socially what we’re going through, all go together,” she said. “For the longest time I thought it was all separate.” 
Blah, blah, blah. Read the rest of the story here . 
DCG",0
13392,Rubio: Many Humanitarian Questions About Trump’s Immigration Enforcement - Breitbart,"Sunday on  ’s “Facing South Florida,” while discussing Department of Homeland Security (DHS) memos on the new guidelines for how to implement the Trump administration’s executive order on immigration, Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) questioned the “humanitarian rationale” behinds those memos.  Rubio said, “We need to acknowledge that there is no right to illegally immigrate to the United States. Then there is the human side, and that is, okay, there is no legal right but is there not a humanitarian rationale for perhaps allowing some of the people here legally to remain because they have been here a long time because they are good people because they were brought here as children. ” He continued, “The answer is I think quite frankly they’ll have a lot of questions about whether it’s the best use of our resources. ” Rubio added, “I think the implementation of it is much more intense from what I’m hearing. Stories I’m hearing of how it’s actually being implemented. For example, individuals who have never had a run in with the law somehow take a stop sign they get pulled over, they could get turned in, and they can’t prove they been here for two years, and they are deported out of the country. I think if that’s the way it’s applied you are going to have to spend a lot of money to do it number one and you are going to have to deal with the humanitarian reality that over time the America people are going to say maybe this is not what we meant. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
13393,Russia’s state-of-the-art frigate Admiral Grigorovich sets off to Syria,"Russia’s state-of-the-art frigate Admiral Grigorovich sets off to Syria 03.11.2016 | Source: Pravda.Ru Russia's state-of-the-art frigate of the Black Sea Fleet, the Admiral Grigorovich, armed with Caliber missiles , has set off to the Mediterranean Sea from the port of Sevastopol on November 3. The vessel is said to join the group of Russian warships off the coast of Syria, RIA Novosti reports with reference to a source in the law enforcement agencies of the Crimea. According to the source, the arrival of the frigate will mark ""quite a significant enhancement"" for the Mediterranean group of the Russian Navy. ""The ship is versatile; she can struck missile blows on both surface and ground targets at large distances,"" the source said. The Admiral Grigorovich will be integrated into the overall air defense system of the Russian group. The vessel will join other Russian warships in the Mediterranean Sea in two days. Frigate Admiral Grigorovich arrived in Sevastopol in 2016 and joined the Black Sea Fleet of the Russian Federation. This is the lead ship of far sea zone, Project 11356. Patrol ships of this series have a displacement of about four thousand tons, develop the speed of up to 30 knots and have the cruising capacity of 30 days. The frigate is armed with Caliber-NK cruise missiles, Shtil-1 missile defense complex, A-190 artillery system (100-mm caliber), anti-aircraft artillery, torpedoes and can carry deck-based Ka-27 (or Ka-31) helicopters. Pravda.Ru",0
13394,"Student Loan Forgiveness Program Approval Letters May Be Invalid, Education Dept. Says - The New York Times","More than 550, 000 people have signed up for a federal program that promises to repay their remaining student loans after they work 10 years in a public service job. But now, some of those workers are left to wonder if the government will hold up its end of the bargain  —   or leave them stuck with thousands of dollars in debt that they thought would be eliminated. In a legal filing submitted last week, the Education Department suggested that borrowers could not rely on the program’s administrator to say accurately whether they qualify for debt forgiveness. The thousands of approval letters that have been sent by the administrator, FedLoan Servicing, are not binding and can be rescinded at any time, the agency said. The filing adds to questions and concerns about the program just as the first potential beneficiaries reach the end of their   commitment  —   and the clocks start ticking on the remainder of their debts. Four borrowers and the American Bar Association have filed a suit in United States District Court in Washington against the department. The plaintiffs held jobs that they initially were told qualified them for debt forgiveness, only to later have that decision reversed  —   with no evident way to appeal, they say. The suit seeks to have their eligibility for the forgiveness program restored. “It’s been really perplexing,” said Jamie Rudert, one of the plaintiffs. “I’ve never gotten a straight answer or an explanation from FedLoan about what happened, and the Department of Education isn’t willing to provide any information. ” The forgiveness program offers major benefits for borrowers, advocates say, to the point of persuading some people to take public service jobs instead of more lucrative work in the private sector. The program generally covers people with federal student loans who work for 10 years at a government or nonprofit organization, a diverse group that includes public school employees, museum workers, doctors at public hospitals and firefighters. The federal government approved the program in 2007 in a sweeping, bipartisan bill. About 25 percent of the nation’s work force may qualify for the program, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau estimated. Eligibility is based on a borrower’s employer and whether it meets the program’s rules, not on the specific work an applicant does. On its website, the Education Department directs borrowers who believe their employer qualifies to submit a certification form to FedLoan. If the form is approved, the Education Department transfers the borrower’s loans to FedLoan, which collects payments and tracks the borrower’s progress toward the 120 qualifying monthly payments they must make before the remaining balances will be forgiven. Only a small fraction of the millions of workers who might qualify for the program have begun the process of using it. Fewer than 553, 000 borrowers have submitted at least one certification form to FedLoan and received its approval, according to Education Department data. Borrowers are encouraged to submit a new certification form each year. But some of those approved borrowers might get bad news because it is unclear whether the certifications are valid. Mr. Rudert submitted the certification form in 2012 and received a letter from FedLoan affirming that his work as a lawyer at Vietnam Veterans of America, a nonprofit aid group, qualified him for the forgiveness program. But in 2016, after submitting his latest annual recertification note to FedLoan, he got a denial note. The decision was retroactive, he was told. None of his previous work for the group would be considered valid for the loan forgiveness program. What changed? Mr. Rudert said he did not know. After filing a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, he received a reply from FedLoan saying that his application “had initially been approved in error. ” He has not been told what the error was, and has not found any way to appeal the decision. Mr. Rudert and the American Bar Association filed their suit in December, alleging that the Education Department acted “arbitrarily and capriciously” in making its decisions about which employers qualified. Last week, the department filed a reply that said that FedLoan’s responses to borrowers’ certification forms cannot be trusted. A FedLoan approval letter “does not reflect a final agency action on the borrower’s qualifications” for the forgiveness program, the department wrote. The idea that approvals can be reversed at any time, with no explanation, is chilling for borrowers. Mr. Rudert, who graduated from law school owing nearly $135, 000 on student loans, said he would have picked a different employer if he had known that his work at Vietnam Veterans of America would not qualify. A FedLoan spokesman would not comment on the case, referring questions to the Department of Education. A department spokesman also declined to comment on the suit or on any of the issues it raised, including whether any mechanism exists for borrowers to challenge a denial. That lack of transparency has been a hallmark of the forgiveness program, said Natalia Abrams, the executive director of Student Debt Crisis, an advocacy group. The program’s rules are complex. Only certain types of federal loans qualify, meaning that many borrowers need to restructure their debt to make it eligible  —   and the Education Department has done little to clarify gray areas, Ms. Abrams said. No borrowers’ debts have been eliminated. Because 10 years of service are required, the first wave of qualified workers will be eligible to submit applications for debt forgiveness in October. At that point, others whose certifications were approved by FedLoan could discover that the Education Department has a different position. Some employers clearly qualify  —   the definition of a “government organization” is fairly straightforward  —   but the rules for certain nonprofit organizations are harder to interpret. “It’s kind of a no man’s land,” Ms. Abrams said. “We don’t know how this will pan out. ” Linda Klein, president of the American Bar Association, called the department’s response “illogical, untenable and bewildering. ” An unreliable certification system “exposes those undertaking public service work  —   exactly what Congress intended them to do  —   to crippling financial risk,” she said. Mr. Rudert left Vietnam Veterans of America in 2015 and now works at Paralyzed Veterans of America, helping former service members appeal denied applications for disability benefits. The work is almost identical to what he did in his former job, Mr. Rudert said. Last year, FedLoan approved his certification request and deemed Paralyzed Veterans of America a qualified employer.",0
13395,"After Hurricane Matthew, Devastation in Southern Haiti - The New York Times","Hurricane Matthew left a tableau of devastation across southern Haiti, destroying houses, leaving villages under several feet of water and killing more than 800 people, according to a count by Reuters. Photographers captured disturbing images of the aftermath. Many of the   areas in the south were completely cut off from rescue workers by severed phone lines and collapsed bridges until Thursday. Men in   searched for a place to cross La Digue river after the only bridge linking to the south collapsed. Buildings were ravaged, including the Ste.  church in Les Cayes, below. “That many people died because they never believed what the authorities told them when they said they had to evacuate,” said Jean Senozier Despreux, who lives and works in Les Cayes and weathered the storm there. “They resisted it. ” Mr. Despreux said the death toll was not surprising. “We knew we would continue find people under the rubble,” he said. “It was so intense there was no way out. ” In Jérémie, burials had already begun on Thursday. In Les Cayes, across the peninsula from Jérémie, people lost their homes, livestock and possessions. A street vendor, below, sold food on the side of a road after the storm. At least 20, 000 homes were damaged across the country, officials said.",0
13396,This is how you colour in Spider-Man,This is how you colour in Spider-Man Some small changes in this colouring book result in Spider-Man getting a Borat makeover.,0
13397,Ex-Army Sniper Gets 20-Year Sentence in Murder-for-Hire Scheme - The New York Times,"A former United States Army sergeant with the nickname Rambo who led a team to kill a federal drug agent and a government informer was sentenced to 20 years in prison on Tuesday in Manhattan. The Army veteran, Joseph M. Hunter, 51, had worked as a sniper instructor and senior drill sergeant and was honorably discharged in 2004 after two decades. But a few years later, prosecutors said, he went to work as a mercenary for a shadowy South African businessman, helping to orchestrate murders and other violence before becoming ensnared in a sting operation run by the United States Drug Enforcement Administration. In late 2012, as part of the sting operation, Mr. Hunter began assembling a security team for what he had been led to believe were Colombian narcotics traffickers but were actually confidential sources working under the direction of the D. E. A. the government has said. The following March, he told team members that they would have the opportunity to do “bonus work”  —   that is, assassinations  —   for which they would be paid extra, prosecutors said. In May 2013, the government said, Mr. Hunter was asked if his team would carry out the killings of the drug agent and the informer, who was said to be a boat captain who had been providing tips to the D. E. A. “My guys will handle it,” Mr. Hunter responded, asking if he would receive a financial bonus as well. “He approached this murder plot as meticulously and thoroughly as he approached his legitimate work in his military career,” Judge Laura Taylor Swain of Federal District Court said before she sentenced Mr. Hunter. In court, Mr. Hunter, a burly man with a dark beard, wept at times as he addressed the judge. He apologized and acknowledged his crimes. “If I only had asked myself what God would want me to do,” he said, adding, “This is my biggest crime, and one that I intend to fix the rest of my life. ” Mr. Hunter’s lawyers have said in court papers that after leaving the Army, he passed the entrance exam for the New York Police Department, but declined to pursue a job with the police because he felt the cost of living would have been too high in New York. Mr. Hunter pleaded guilty in February to conspiring to murder the agent and the informer, to import cocaine into the United States and to possess a firearm in furtherance of a crime of violence. He could have received a maximum sentence of life in prison. Prosecutors had sought a sentence within the range stipulated in federal guidelines of about 24 to 30 years. His lawyers had sought a   sentence, the minimum he faced. They argued that Mr. Hunter had operated under duress while working as a mercenary for the South African businessman, Paul Le Roux, an international outlaw who had threatened to kill him if he did not follow his orders. (Mr. Le Roux was later arrested, and he has cooperated with the government.) Marlon G. Kirton, a defense lawyer, suggested that Mr. Hunter, who he said had   stress disorder, believed that he had no choice but to carry out Mr. Le Roux’s orders. But prosecutors in the office of Preet Bharara, the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York, disputed that claim, arguing that Mr. Hunter knew Mr. Le Roux’s organization was involved in illegal activities, but nonetheless left the group and later rejoined it because he wanted to make money. “Greed, not duress” had led him to a courtroom, a prosecutor, Emil J. Bove III, said. Judge Swain made it clear she agreed, noting that Mr. Hunter had associated himself with Mr. Le Roux voluntarily and had remained with him after becoming aware of, and involved in, his illegal activity. “The safety of law enforcement agents, those helping them and of innocent people,” Judge Swain said, “depends on right choices, even if those choices are life or death choices. ” “As between killing someone sworn to uphold the law,” she added, “and risking his own demise at the hands of people he had chosen to join in criminal activity, Mr. Hunter made the dishonorable choice. ”",0
13398,The “Color Revolution” against Trump,"17 Views Share: 
Dr. Duke and Dr. Slattery discuss the “Color Revolution” against Trump & the Jewish war against him and America! 
Today Dr. Duke had Dr. Patrick Slattery as his guest for the hour. They discussed the Soros & Company-fueled demonstrations that are going on in cities across the United States that bear a resemblance to the “color revolutions” that were used by Soros in several countries around the world to overturn the results of elections or overthrow governments that were not kosher enough. 
They talked about the media’s continuing attack on Trump. He granted an interview to 60 Minute’s Leslie Stahl, who constantly interrupted him, preventing him from answering the questions she posed to him. Trump importantly insisted that he will continue to by-pass the media and communicate directly with his supporters via social media. He also seemed to prioritize tightening the immigration law over immediately deporting all illegal aliens, which Doctors Duke and Slattery agreed was the proper strategy. 
Please share this show with your friends and relatives. 
Our show is aired live at 11 am replayed at ET 4pm Eastern and 4am Eastern.",0
13399,ESPN Offers Their Social Media Sites as Platform for Leftist Activists at Women’s March - Breitbart,"ESPNW, the site which focuses on women’s sports, has apparently also decided to start focusing on women’s political activism. [ESPNW chose Donald Trump’s Inauguration Day to tweet out a call for people participating in Saturday’s Women’s March to share their stories with the “sports” network:   The organizers of the Women’s March are radical leftists who have billed the march as an effort to support every leftist initiative under the sun. Here’s how Women’s March   Carmen Perez describes the purpose of the march, “We are coming here so that we could show this new administration that we’re not going anywhere, right? So, we are marching to continue to allow women to make decisions about their bodies and ensure we have reproductive justice rights, immigration reform, criminal justice reform, as well as indigenous rights. “So, there are so many things. We have been extremely intentional about allowing organizations to get involved, Planned Parenthood, as well as Define American. ” Clearly this march is no benign event. On the contrary, it’s a highly politicized march organized by committed leftists who oppose Donald Trump. Which begs the question, why would a sports network would allow their social media platforms to become a multiplier for activists demonstrating against President Trump? Unless, ESPN’s commitment to covering women’s sports is no honest effort to give special attention to female athletes, and instead represents another venue in which the leftist sports network can further indoctrinate and radicalize under the guise of diversity and inclusivity. A truth reinforced by the fact that ESPN didn’t make any of their social media platforms available to Trump supporters, so they could share their videos and memories of Inauguration Day. Just in case anyone needed reminding of why ESPN has lost over 9 million subscribers over the least three years  …    this is why. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn",0
13400,European Parliament suspends negotiations with Turkey on EU membership,"European Parliament suspends negotiations with Turkey on EU membership November 24, 2016 - Fort Russ News - RIA Novosti - translated by J. Arnoldski - At a plenary session in Strasbourg, the European Parliament approved a resolution calling on the EU to suspend negotiations on Turkey’s membership over the actions of the Turkish authorities. The head of European diplomacy, Federica Mogherini, said during a debate in the European Parliament session that relations between Ankara and the EU are at a crossroads and that “the transition from rhetoric to action on the issue of the death penalty will be a signal that Turkey does not want to be a member of the European family, nor the Council of Europe, nor the European Union.” Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan stated on Wednesday that the adoption of the resolution means nothing to Turkey. Commenting on the results of the vote in the European Parliament, the Turkish Minister for EU Affairs, Omer Celik, said that “while Turkey, due to threats from Syria and Iraq, is undergoing a difficult period in the fight against terrorism, unfortunately, short-sided and one-sided discussions are happening in Europe.” Brussels has repeatedly asserted that Ankara’s behavior calls into question its desire to join the bloc. In early November, in its yearly report on Turkey’s progress on the road to joining the EU, the European Commission highlighted Ankara’s failures in policy in the fields of civil society, human rights, and freedom of speech. The report also noted that Turkey’s authorities are not doing enough to bring legislation in line with European norms. The agreement on association between the European community and Turkey was signed in 1963. Ankara applied for membership in 1987. However, negotiations on joining the EU, which began only in 2005, have repeatedly been complicated by disagreements that have now led to their suspension. Now only 16 out of 35 chapters of the negotiation file on Turkey joining the EU are open. In March 2016, the leaders of EU member countries agreed to intensify negotiations in exchange for Ankara’s agreement to contribute to reducing the influx of migrants to Europe via Turkish territory. Follow us on Facebook!",0
13401,Italian Populist Slams Court’s ‘Politicized’ Block of Trump Order,"As U. S. courts seek to block President Trump’s executive order restricting some travel into the country, Italian populist leader Matteo Salvini has sharply criticized the move as politically motivated. [The leader of Italy’s Northern League party (La Lega) told Breitbart News Friday that Trump is paying the price for keeping his campaign promises, facing the wrath of a “system in rebellion” and federal judges who have been “politicized. ”  Salvini said that Trump’s executive order was a “proper, useful and courageous response to a real threat,” one that European leaders should emulate. Leaders of both individual European states as well as of the European Union have been notoriously ineffectual in responding to the grave migrant crisis afflicting the continent. The head of Italy’s Lega told Breitbart that he had nothing but admiration for the U. S. President’s ability to act on his campaign promises, “something that seldom happens in Italy. ” Salvini, who aspires to govern Italy, said he would do the same thing Trump has done: “I would rely on intelligence services to close Italy’s borders to those countries considered a threat to national security,” he said. Even though President Trump must now deal with strong internal protests against his actions, Salvini said, “he will move forward with courage, emboldened by the knowledge that he has the majority of American citizens on his side, as evidenced by the election outcome. ” From early on, the League’s leader has been a vocal advocate of Trump’s ascendance to the White House, setting him apart from Italy’s other political parties. During the campaign cycle last April, Salvini traveled to the United States to meet Trump personally and pledge his support. “On many issues we see    with President Trump and we look forward to partnering with his administration,” Salvini told Breitbart Thursday, declaring his party to be a logical ally of the Trump administration. Salvini has noted many similarities between the platform of his party and that of the Trump administration, spanning beyond immigration to the idea of a flat tax to boost the economy to financial penalties for companies that outsource and opposition to international economic treaties that damage the national economy. “Our battles on these issues are perfectly in tune,” he told Breitbart, “and we also agree on limiting the role of expensive supranational structures like the U. N. and NATO. ” Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
13402,"ISIS Claims Deadly Bombing at Demonstration in Kabul, Afghanistan - The New York Times","KABUL, Afghanistan  —   The Islamic State claimed a bombing that left at least 80 people dead Saturday at a peaceful demonstration in the Afghan capital of Kabul, raising fears that the group may be extending its reach beyond the country’s eastern pockets, where it generally operates. The Afghan Interior Ministry, in a statement, said the attack on thousands of Hazaras, an ethnic minority group staging the protest, had been a suicide mission. “The attack was carried out by three suicide bombers: The first person carried out a blast, the second one failed at his detonation, and the third terrorist was killed in shooting by the security forces,” the ministry said. The second assailant was presumed to be at large, a security official said, speaking on the condition of anonymity as he was not authorized to discuss intelligence matters. At least 231 people at the protest were wounded. The demonstrators had gathered in the west of Kabul to demand that a proposed electricity transmission line be routed through Bamian, a   province in central Afghanistan. The Islamic State, in a statement on the group’s Amaq News Agency, claimed the carnage as a “martyrdom attack” on Shiites. Officials saw the Islamic State’s first assault on the Afghan capital as retaliation for operations by Afghan ground forces and American airstrikes that have intensified in recent weeks, targeting the group’s stronghold in eastern Nangarhar Province. Afghan security officials said that while Kabul remained under constant insurgent threat, they had no prior intelligence of a particular threat to the protest. After the attack, officials intercepted information from Islamic State commanders in the Achin district, the group’s base in eastern Afghanistan where villagers have been terrorized for months now, congratulating each other for the carnage, the security official said. President Ashraf Ghani, appearing on national television to announce a day of mourning, called the bombing a “cowardly attack on the freedoms of our citizens. ” In meetings with religious leaders and his security team, he said the attack had been the work of the Islamic State. Tadamichi Yamamoto, the United Nations envoy to Afghanistan, said the deliberate targeting of a large group of civilians amounted to a war crime. “This incident is an outrage that cannot be justified,” Mr. Yamamoto said. “It is an attempt to spread terror amongst civilians and stifle the freedoms that Afghans have sacrificed so much to obtain. ” Much of the city had been under lockdown before the protesters came out early Saturday. Mr. Ghani’s government had stacked shipping containers to block routes to the presidential palace in anticipation of the demonstration. The Hazaras have only in the past decade tried to shake off a long history of oppression. The protest leaders said the government remained rife with “systematic bias” against the Hazaras, and had routed the electricity transmission line elsewhere, depriving the central Afghan region not only of electricity but also of the roads and other infrastructure that would come with it. The government has rejected the claims, saying that the route of the transmission line was decided purely on technical grounds and that Bamian would still be provided with electricity. (Government officials, who said they had increased efforts to address the plight of central Afghanistan in the past two years, consider the protests manipulated by the political opposition.) A sign printed on a piece of paper and held by an older woman proved hauntingly ominous: “Do not eliminate us,” it read. After the explosion, pictures circulated of the sign covered in spots of blood and lying by the side of the road, next to a small green umbrella and human flesh. The fate of the woman was unclear. Muhammad Ali, a protester whose clothes were covered in blood, said he had loaded dozens of dead bodies into trucks. “People were going toward a prayer break when two explosions happened  —   one near the truck where speeches were given,” Mr. Ali said. Hundreds of protesters returned to the site after the attack, cordoning off the area with a large Afghan flag they had carried in their march, lowering the cordon only to allow ambulances to pass. When the armored vehicle of a government official approached, angry men chased it away. As tempers flared at the government, protesters also pushed away   police forces who had provided security earlier in the day. Later in the evening, protest leaders argued around a candlelight vigil over whether to bury the dead or display their coffins at a protest in the coming days. The large flag, laid on the ground by then, became a display surface for objects left behind: women’s sneakers, notebooks, backpacks, articles of clothing. Saturday’s attack was one of the deadliest in the past 15 years on the Hazaras, a largely Shiite group. In December 2011, a suicide bombing in a Shiite shrine in Kabul killed at least 63 people, mostly Hazaras. The emergence of ISIS affiliates in late 2014 and early 2015 in eastern and small areas of southern Afghanistan was seen as a splintering in the Taliban insurgency. Though the new groups engaged in the Islamic State’s cruel style of violence, security officials said they saw little sign of communications with the terror network’s headquarters in Iraq and Syria. Instead, the local groups were mostly former Pakistani and Afghan Taliban who had embraced the new brand of terror from a distance. Mr. Ghani had declared ISIS affiliates in Afghanistan defeated in March, but the group’s   forced him to travel to Nangarhar Province just last week and order his commanders to intensify their efforts. Salim Khan Kunduzi, the governor of Nangarhar, said operations against the group were being carried out across several districts. “We are fighting with our full force,” Mr. Kunduzi said. “The Afghan army, the Afghan Air Forces and commandos are fighting against them. ” Saturday’s attack puts further pressure on Mr. Ghani’s struggling government. Even as it tries to build momentum by introducing reforms, his coalition administration has struggled with infighting and with meeting deadlines to hold parliamentary elections. The protest over the electricity transmission line has only added to the administration’s woes. “The government stacks containers for its own protection, but cannot provide security to its citizens even when they have multiple security cameras,” said Ahmad Behzad, a protest organizer, pointing to surveillance balloons in the sky.",0
13403,"Family DNA Searches Seen as Crime-Solving Tool, and Intrusion on Rights - The New York Times","The leads have dried up in the killing of a young woman in Queens  during a jog last summer. Tips about potential suspects have gone nowhere. A reward has failed to bear fruit, even as it has swelled to over $280, 000. And the samples of a stranger’s DNA found on the hands, throat and cellphone of the jogger, Karina Vetrano, 30, did not match those in national offender databases. But the authorities say that the recovered DNA could hold the key to solving the case if state officials authorize what is called familial searching, which allows investigators to search criminal databases to identify likely relatives of the offender. The technique, which has been used more than a dozen times in the United States over the last 10 years, represents a frontier in the evolving world of forensic science. While some methods, like microscopic hair testing and   matching, have been challenged in recent years, DNA testing remains a staple of forensic investigation, used to both identify suspects and exonerate the wrongfully convicted. Familial searching allows investigators to search offender databases with wider parameters to identify people who are likely to be close relatives of the person who may have committed a crime. Law enforcement officials say a hit in the database is less a piece of evidence than it is a lead, and such matches have helped solve some heinous crimes in states where the practice has been authorized. But the method raises some complicated ethical issues that have trailed the expansion of DNA technology since its introduction. And as the collection of DNA grows in the private sector, so do the concerns about its potential misuse, particularly in the hands of government institutions. Problems at some laboratories, including the New York City medical examiner’s office, have highlighted how DNA evidence is not immune from human error. A 2013 review of more than 800 rape cases processed by the medical examiner’s office found that DNA evidence was mishandled in dozens of cases. In the case of Ms. Vetrano, who the police say was sexually assaulted and strangled,  lack of progress led Richard A. Brown, the Queens district attorney, to push for familial searching. “The Police Department reached a point where they exhausted all their leads. And they came to us and said in essence, ‘What else can we possibly do? ’” Mr. Brown said in an interview. Mr. Brown and two of his deputies, Eric Rosenbaum and Robert J. Masters, said that Ms. Vetrano’s case presented an ideal situation for using familial searching, in part because of what they say is the high likelihood that the DNA is from the perpetrator. “It is a stranger rape case,” Mr. Masters said. “In the annals of law enforcement, there are few fact patterns that are more frightening. ” The New York State Commission on Forensic Science, a   panel appointed by the governor to develop standards for forensic laboratories, and its   DNA subcommittee will hold a meeting next month on whether to authorize the technique. Familial DNA searching was pioneered in Britain, helping in 2002 in what was believed to be the first conviction using the technique. In 2008, California became the first state in the country to authorize the testing, and Colorado followed a year later. It has now been used in at least eight other states. California has solved seven cases using familial searching, a spokeswoman for the state’s Justice Department said. One was the   Grim Sleeper case in Los Angeles. A serial killer preyed on vulnerable women and eluded identification for decades until investigators matched crime scene DNA to the killer’s son, whose DNA was in an offender database. “You’ve got a serial murderer or rapist in your community  —   you sit on your hands and wait for him to get in your database or do you try something?” said Mitchell R. Morrissey, an early proponent of the testing and a former district attorney in Denver. In New York, efforts to authorize such testing through the Legislature went nowhere several years ago. A compromise that allowed the authorities to use partial DNA matches automatically generated in the course of routine investigations has proved ineffective. But Ms. Vetrano’s case  —   along with the public pleas of her father, Philip, and his    work with the Police Department and elected officials  —   has   the push for familial searching. Critics of the technique say that regardless of its potential for success, it expands the use of DNA databases beyond their original intent. They fault it for allowing for searches of people who happen to be related to someone who has committed a crime, and say that given the composition of the offender databases, familial searching disproportionately affects blacks and Hispanics. “You’re creating a database of suspects largely defined by their race and class,” said Stephen Mercer, the chief attorney of the forensics division of the public defender’s office in Maryland, which outlawed the technique in 2008 in the face of these concerns. “That is just so fundamentally against our core values. ” The District of Columbia has also prohibited these searches. Leads provided by familial DNA have resulted in errors. A filmmaker in New Orleans was told that he was a suspect in a murder in Idaho based on a DNA sample given by his father years earlier as part of a   genealogy project. Ancestry. com, which had purchased the database from a nonprofit that had collected the DNA, was required by a court order to identify the man to the police. The man was cleared after his DNA  —   which he gave under a court order  —   was tested. Since then, Ancestry. com has made the database private and has not received any other requests from law enforcement officials for health or genetic information about an Ancestry member, a spokesman for the company said. The spokesman, Brandon Borrman, said the company would comply with such a request only if legally required. Proponents of the technique said the filmmaker’s case could have been handled differently DNA samples of potential suspects can be retrieved surreptitiously, from a discarded soda can, for example. But in some cases, that hasn’t been a ready option. Investigators chasing the   BTK serial killer in Wichita, Kan. compelled a hospital to turn over a sample of the suspect’s daughter’s DNA she had recently undergone a Pap test. That sample allowed the police to acquire an arrest warrant for the man, Dennis Rader. Mr. Rader later was sentenced to more than 170 years in prison after pleading guilty to 10 counts of   murder. The legal implications of familial testing, namely whether it is limited by the Fourth Amendment’s prohibition of unreasonable searches or the 14th Amendment’s equal protection clause, have not been tested in the courts, Erin E. Murphy, a law professor at New York University, said. She said the logic that law enforcement officials rely on to support familial testing should, by extension, support the testing of other government databases, which include repositories of DNA from members of the military, forensic personnel and crime victims. But such testing would most likely face wider opposition. “Familial searching is just an   around these debates,” said Professor Murphy, the author of “Inside the Cell: The Dark Side of Forensic DNA. ” “You shouldn’t have fewer civil rights because you’re related to someone who broke the law. ” A spokesman for Mr. Brown, the Queens district attorney, said it would be premature to answer questions about whether the office would seek to search other databases. If the DNA subcommittee and the New York State forensic commission vote to approve familial searching after the meeting on Feb. 10, a   period for public comment will follow. The Legal Aid Society and the New York Civil Liberties Union have both filed memos with the commission that question the method’s constitutionality as well as the commission’s authority to weigh in on the matter. Many law enforcement officials around the state said that any   in civil liberties were minor compared with the potential to solve some particularly difficult cases. “Invasion of privacy is basically what law enforcement does. We do it legally. We do it with warrants, court orders,” William J. Fitzpatrick, the Onondaga County district attorney and a proponent of the technique, said. Mr. Fitzpatrick, who is a member of the state forensic commission, compared the method to a tip from an informant. “You’re telling me that if I have a scientific piece of evidence that shows me a perpetrator’s son is in prison  —   what’s a better lead?” In New York City, the police commissioner, James P. O’Neill, and the district attorneys from Brooklyn, the Bronx, Manhattan and Staten Island, support authorizing the method. Mr. Vetrano acknowledges that the testing may not lead to his daughter’s killer, but he said he would continue to advocate its use. “This would have been left as a dead issue unless I started making waves,” he said. “I’m the squeaky wheel and I will never ever stop. ”",0
13404,"México, ante la CIDH (otra vez)","México, ante la CIDH (otra vez) El Estado mexicano hoy está de nueva cuenta en el banquillo ante la Comisión Interamericana de Derechos Humanos (CIDH). Ahora, por la tortura y masacre de 10 indígenas na’saavi y un estudiante universitario en una paupérrima localidad de la Costa Chica de Guerrero. A pesar de las evidencias que claramente pesan sobre el Ejército Mexicano, el gobierno ha solicitado al organismo internacional que declare “inadmisible” el caso y lo archive.
Socios | 7 de noviembre de 2016 Zósimo Camacho @zosimo_contra
Esta “respuesta” del Estado mexicano a la CIDH ocurrió la semana pasada, 13 meses después de que venciera el plazo fijado para pronunciarse al respecto. La mera demora refleja el menosprecio que al gobierno mexicano le merecen las acusaciones ante la comunidad internacional.
La madrugada del domingo 7 de junio de 1998, unos 300 efectivos del Ejército Mexicano rodearon una humilde escuela en la comunidad na’saavi de El Charco, municipio de Ayutla. Al frente del operativo iba nada menos que el general Juan Manuel Oropeza Guernica, entonces comandante de la 27 Zona Militar.
Sabían los militares que en dos aulas de la escuela Caritino Maldonado Pérez pernoctaban representantes comunitarios de la región y algunos integrantes de la guerrilla guerrerense. Los primeros habían asistido a una asamblea para organizarse en torno a la demanda de apoyos para el campo. Los segundos habían acudido a solicitar que fueran escuchados para exponer ante los campesinos sus motivos de lucha. Como puede suponerse, una delación tuvo que haber ocurrido para que se movilizara tal cantidad de tropa del Ejército Mexicano y llegara al lugar de la reunión. “El error de los compañeros fue que pernoctaran en ese lugar”, me comentaron varios años después algunos integrantes y exintegrantes del Ejército Revolucionario del Pueblo Insurgente (ERPI) con los que Contralínea ha sostenido entrevistas periodísticas.
Y pues las armas nacionales se vistieron de gloria: actuaron como sabemos que lo han hecho en 1962 (con Rubén Jaramillo y familia); en 1968 y 1971 (incluso a plena luz del día y en la Ciudad de México); en 1972 en la sierra de Guerrero… y para no enlistar todos los casos (conocidos), llegamos a Tlatlaya (¿e Iguala?) en 2014.
Los cientos de efectivos del Ejército Mexicano dispararon a mansalva contra un puñado de indígenas indefensos y cuatro guerrilleros. De estos últimos, dos cayeron en combate y dos más, que se habían rendido para no exponer a la población, fueron vejados y ejecutados extrajudicialmente por los soldados en la misma escuela. En el lugar torturaron y ejecutaron fríamente tanto a los integrantes de la guerrilla como a pobladores que no tenían relación alguna con el movimiento armado. Los militares quisieron sembrar el terror para contrarrestar el entonces impresionante crecimiento del ERPI por todo Guerrero.
Los indígenas asesinados aquella madrugada fueron Honorio García Lorenzo y Mauro González Castro, de la comunidad Ahuacachahue; Fidencio Morales Castro y Daniel Crisóforo Jiménez, de Coyul; Fernando Félix Guadalupe, de Ocote Amarillo; Apolonio Jiménez García, de Potrero; Manuel Francisco Prisciliano, de Mesón Zapote; Ceferino Damián Marco, de Coxcatlán, quién fue confundido con Juan García de los Santos; José Rivera Morales, de La Palma; Mario Chávez García, de El Charco, y el estudiante de la Facultad de Ciencias Políticas y Sociales de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México Ricardo Zavala Tapia. El reporte militar señaló al estudiante como el comandante Daniel del ERPI.
Otros siete indígenas sufrieron torturas y heridas por parte de los militares. Además, a los detenidos aquella madrugada se les trasladó a un cuartel militar, donde bajo tortura fueron obligados a declarar ante autoridades castrenses. Entre los detenidos iban cuatro menores de edad: Bernabé García de Jesús y Melitón Castro Morales, quienes contaban con 14 y 15 años de edad, respectivamente, no hablaban español y no sabían leer ni escribir; Pedro Esteban Ávila y Adrián Patriarca Agustina, entonces de 17 y 16 años de edad, respectivamente; estaban aprendiendo a escribir, leer y hablar español.
Los testimonios de los mayores de edad trasladados a las instalaciones militares dan cuenta de los métodos inhumanos (¿debemos decir “de investigación”?) de los militares.
Érika Zamora Pardo declaró que le esposaron las manos, le amarraron un cable y la tiraron con agua en el piso. Sintió entonces descargas eléctricas. Los soldados le decían que tenía que decir lo que ellos querían, porque si no lo hacía la matarían y agredirían a su familia. Le hicieron firmar unos documentos que ellos habían escrito y que nunca le permitieron leer.
Efrén Cortés Chávez declaró que le decían que aceptara todo lo que ellos estaban escribiendo, porque, como quiera, de ahí no iba a salir. Le vendaron los ojos y los trasladaron a un lugar donde, con un aparato que le colocaron en la garganta, le oprimieron el cuello hasta casi estrangularlo. Lo desnudaron y le ataron manos y pies a una plancha; con una esponja le mojaron el cuerpo y le aplicaron descargas eléctricas en las tibias de los pies, genitales y en la cabeza.
Mientras, en la comunidad de El Charco, los soldados entraron a las casas a robar enseres domésticos y alimentos. Las chozas fueron allanadas y saqueadas. Lavaron, pintaron y resanaron la escuela, para eliminar la sangre salpicada en las paredes, pisos y patio, y para disimular los impactos de bala.
He tenido la oportunidad de visitar en varias ocasiones la comunidad de El Charco: su tierra colorada, casi roja; sus milpas húmedas y generosas, donde el maíz, la calabaza y el frijol crecen junto con los niños descalzos; sus sembradíos de flor de jamaica, que pintan de guinda laderas enteras; sus cañas de azúcar cultivadas junto a los arroyos; sus trapiches en los solares de las casas. Y su escuela Caritino Maldonado: conservada como un sencillo memorial de las víctimas.
Hoy el Estado Mexicano pide a la CIDH archivar este caso y declararlo inadmisible… Lo que es inadmisible es que no haya la menor intención de reconocer el hecho y, por lo tanto, se garantice que situaciones como ésta se sigan ocurriendo. Los cobardes asesinatos contra personas indefensas –hayan o no cometido delitos– tienen que ser castigados. Campañas publicitarias que se pagan con dinero público buscan instalar en la población la idea de que las Fuerzas Armadas respetan los derechos humanos. Si fuera verdad; si el Ejército ha incorporado en sus protocolos de actuación el respeto a la vida y dignidad humanas, ¿por qué no permitir que se sepa la verdad de un pasado que ha quedado atrás? Hasta la fecha (y ahí están los reportes de la Comisión Nacional de los Derechos Humanos) es común que quienes son detenidos por efectivos militares sean trasladados a instalaciones castrenses y no sean entregados a autoridades civiles sino hasta que son torturados. Muchos han muerto en el tormento. ¿Cuándo se va a acabar con esta práctica?
Fragmentos
El promotor de la Coordinadora Regional de Autoridades Comunitarias-Policía Comunitaria (CRAC-PC) en Tixtla, Guerrero, Gonzalo Molina González, se encuentra preso en el Centro Regional de Readaptación Social de Chilpancingo, Guerrero. Padece enfermedades que requieren atención quirúrgica: litiasis renal y ureteral obstructiva que está afectando al riñón y uréter derechos; litiasis ureteral izquierda, y hernia inguinal derecha. El Colectivo contra la Tortura y la Impunidad demanda atención médica inmediata para Molina González, toda vez que los daños a su salud pueden ser irreversibles en un corto plazo.
Zósimo Camacho
[BLOQUE: OPINIÓN][SECCIÓN: ZONA CERO]
Contralínea 513 /del 07 al 12 de Noviembre 2016",0
13405,Fundamentals Will Take Gold & Silver Higher Now,"Financial Markets , Gold , Market Manipulation , Precious Metals Comex , gold silver ratio , Junior mining stocks , LBMA , Shanghai Gold Exchange , silver eagles admin 
In the absence of the extreme degree of price intervention being conducted by the western Central Banks and bullion banks in the paper gold and silver markets, the price of both precious metals would be several multiples higher. That this intervention occurs not only has become overtly visible to all market participants, but recent prosecution/settlement events have rendered this assertion indisputable. 
After a massive move that started in mid-December 2015, the sector began selling-off in early July. This correction was a function of both characteristic market technicals and conspicuous paper market manipulation in the New York and London paper gold/silver “markets.” 
But after nearly five years of oppressive, unfettered market manipulation, the physical market has put a floor beneath the market. After a price “correction” of 8% in gold and 16% in silver, the metals are now ready to go higher from here. This was “telegraphed” by the recent price-action in the junior mining stocks as represented by the GDXJ junior mining stock index: 
The junior mining stocks – especially the smaller exploration companies – similarly signaled the move higher in the metals ahead of the rest of the sector beginning in early December 2015. 
While the Central Banks would love nothing more right now than to take gold and silver down to zero, the markets – driven by the physical deliver bullion markets in the eastern hemisphere, appear to want the market to move higher. The sequence of trading events beginning yesterday through today illustrates this dynamic. 
After a big rally in the mining stocks and metals in the first half of the trading on Wednesday, the miners slammed after the FOMC meeting statement was released in the afternoon. The HUI was taken down from its high of 226 (up 7 pts) to close down down 4 points at 215. This signaled a likely price ambush in the metals, which occurred just after midnight EST, taking December gold down $14 from $1301 to $1287 – silver was taken below $18. 
The mind-set going into the NYSE was that the HUI would get slammed again. But the market had different ideas. The HUI began moving up at the open. It’s been up as much as 2.5% from yesterday’s close. Shortly thereafter, the metals began to rally as well. Historically, after a reversal like yesterday, the metals and miners typically continue lower for at least few days. But with the mining stocks leading the way, it is highly probable that the next move from here will be higher (with plenty of manipulated volatility, of course). 
In today’s episode of the Shadow of Truth, we explain why the precious metals sector has shifted into a trend in which every price pullback should be used to accumulate and add to positions in gold, silver and your favorite mining stocks. Share this:",0
13406,New Report Argues That GMOs Are NOT Needed to 'Feed the World',"How to Spot a Sociopath 
Sociopath – Learn how to spot one by knowing their characteristics! by Mike Adams – NaturalNews.com Sociopaths are masters at influence and deception. Very little of what they say actually checks out in terms of facts or reality, but they’re extremely skillful at making the things they say sound believable, even if they’re just making them up out of […] New study reveals major cause for autism 
by Sima Ash – NaturalHealth365 Most studies on autism focus on genetics and while there have been a great number of studies identifying specific genes involved in the disorder, many experts have made it clear that there is no such thing as a ‘genetic epidemic.’ This has spurred studies on environmental factors that could cause autism […] Sweet victory for Mexico beekeepers as Monsanto loses GM permit 
by Nina Lakhani – The Guardian A small group of beekeepers in Mexico has inflicted a blow on biotech giant Monsanto, which has halted the company’s ambitions to plant thousands of hectares of soybeans genetically modified to resist the company’s pesticide Roundup. A district judge in the state of Yucatán last month overturned a permit issued to Monsanto […] 10 Simple Home Remedies For Dry, Cracked Feet 
How to heal cracked feet and cracked heels! by Debolina – Stylecraze.com Here is our list of 10 simple home remedies that will help soothe and makeover your cracked heels, and let you step out in style 1. Lemon, salt, glycerine, rose water foot mask: One of the first steps towards having a pair of beautiful […] Revive Your Relationships With These Outdoor Activities 
Outdoor activities this summer can help to revive and enhance your relationships! by Elizabeth Seward – Staff Writer Every relationship – whether it’s a relationship between lovers, roommates, friends, or colleagues – could use the occasional revamping. Enhancing our relationships should be an ongoing endeavor that strengthens our bond with others every step of the […] Signs you are an empath and sensitive to energy around you 
by Spirt Science An empath, or, someone who is highly sensitive to other people’s feelings, intentions, motivations, and the general the energy that surrounds them, often don’t realize that they are until they’re in such emotional/mental turmoil, they go looking for the cause. The difference, of course, between simply being “empathetic” and what one would […] Sea cucumber kills cancer cells with amazing efficiency 
Sea Cucumber has been proven to kill cancer cells with ease! by Cindy Murdoch – Staff Writer Sea cucumber can be beneficial in the battle against cancer by killing cancer cells and stimulating the immune system. What is a sea cucumber? Consider the lowly sea cucumber. No it is not a vegetable although its name […] Shocked scientists discover the skin communicates with the liver 
Skin communicates with the liver! by Ethan Huff – Natural News Skin: It is your body’s largest organ, and groundbreaking new research out of Denmark has found that the proper function of your other vital organs is dependent upon its integrity. A collaborative research project out of the University of Southern Denmark (USD) recently discovered that […] GMO Corn versus NON GMO: The Shocking Corn Comparison 
The claims that “There is no difference between GMO corn and NON GMO corn” are false. (See the photo below) A 2012 study, called the Corn Comparison Report, was recently released by Profit Pro and published on the website for Moms Across America March to Label GMOs – a group dedicated to raising awareness about […] 12 Symptoms of Kidney Disease You Shouldn’t Ignore 
It is important to identify kidney disease early because in most cases the damage in the kidneys can’t be undone. by Dr. Anitha Anchan Most people are not aware of the fact that kidney diseases can be silent killers. They may not show any symptoms for a long time till the situation becomes critical. (Why […] Permaculture Gurus Share Secrets of Dramatic Land Transformations 
Traci Knight – Staff Writer Permaculture is a movement whereby permanent agriculture is incorporated into personal landscapes through careful designs that mimic patterns in nature. A minimalist approach to land management is adopted, after the implementation of careful planning – usually with mass plantings of fruit and nut trees where land and space allow. The […] Chief Seattle’s Prophecy for America: The End of Living and the Beginning of Survival 
by Richard Cassaro – RichardCassaro.com Chief Seattle (1780 – 1866) was a prominent native American chief who pursued a path of peace with colonial white settlers in what is now the state of Washington. During treaty negotiations in 1852, he gave a famous speech in response to an offer by the U.S. Government to buy two […] Six powerful ways to use lavender during the cold and flu season 
by Carolanne Wright | Natural News Hidden beneath the pleasing scent of lavender is a fierce natural medicine and formidable protector. Used since antiquity, lavender was a significant guardian against some of the most deadly infectious diseases of all time – the great epidemics of plague sweeping across Europe throughout the Middle Ages and into the […] Man says raw food diet has made him ‘almost superhuman’ 
by Antonia – Natural News For fruitarian and endurance athlete Michael Arnstein, his 15-mile commute to work isn’t by car, bus or train. Instead, he runs to the office, jogging through residential neighborhoods and eventually New York’s Central Park, pausing only to enjoy fruit along the way. Before his run, he may enjoy a breakfast of […] Join For Free! Discover Little Known Health Secrets and Useful Tips For Healthy Living! First Name ",0
13407,Resilience in Baltimore: A Bottom-Up Example of People Taking Charge,"(42 fans) - Advertisement - In my research of what is happening in our communities regarding resilience from the insanity of today's corporate and government behaviors, I came across this Maryland Community Pilot study. This study is listed as being written this year, 2016. This makes the research fresh. To give credence to this movement, consider some of the investigators for the study. People like: * Karen Akerlof, Center for Climate Change Communication, George Mason University * Fredrika Moser, Maryland Sea Grant * Kristin Baja, Office of Sustainability I could continue on and on. My point is, the people involved are professionals and not whacked out ""greenies"". There are four Maryland neighborhoods involved in the study. Some of the neighborhood climate risks entail: Flooding and sewage overflows from storm water run-off, urban heat island effects, pollen allergens, increased air pollution, storms, riverine flooding (in Westport). - Advertisement - The vulnerabilities include: Low socioeconomic populations, racial disparities, vacant housing, poor health and air quality (Baltimore), industrial facilities (Westport) The site further states that Communities are beginning to plan efforts to consider adaptation strategies to build their resilience (NRC, 2010), yet many lack the political capital or access to information and resources that would allow them to prepare for chronic flooding, catastrophic storm events, and losses of economically important natural resources. Frequently, it is underserved and underrepresented communities that lack these resources and are most vulnerable to the effects of changing environmental conditions (Douglas et al., 2011; Melillo, Richmond, & Yohe,2014). Storm events are particularly devastating to socially vulnerable communities, even when controlling for infrastructure characteristics (Highfield, Peacock, & Zandt, 2014). - Advertisement - Meeting the needs of high-risk/low-resource communities is one of the most critical challenges in achieving resilience nationally (NRC, 2010), but little tailored information exists to guide program development specifically for these contexts (NOAA, 2015). Moreover, our understanding of the conditions under which audiences are most likely to engage in successful decision-making to reduce vulnerabilities is still evolving (Webler, Tuler, Dow, Whitehead, & Kettle, 2014). ""Build resistance to what?"" you may ask. Personally I use the term resilience. It's more positive. Resilience as I define it is the adoption of behaviors and programs that lead to a supportive and clean environment, healthy families and a vibrant you.",0
13408,"Trump Saved Jobs at Carrier, but More Midwest Jobs Are in Jeopardy - The New York Times","In tiny Sellersburg, Ind. just across the border from Kentucky, Manitowoc Foodservice is in the final stages of closing a factory that makes beverage dispensers and ice machines and is laying off 84 workers. The company is moving production to Mexico. Just 100 miles away,   Donald J. Trump will appear on Thursday with workers at Carrier’s Indianapolis plant to boast of his success in saving at least 1, 000 jobs from moving to Mexico. The truth across the Rust Belt is that there are more Manitowoc Foodservices than Carriers. The layoffs and closing in Sellersburg follow similar shutdowns by Manitowoc in Ohio and Wisconsin. “I’ll give Trump his due, but I hope he and the American people and Congress don’t forget about all these other jobs going to Mexico,” said Chuck Jones, the president of Local 1999 of the United Steelworkers in Indianapolis, which represents Carrier. “Down the pike, a lot more are going to be moving out. ” Indeed, Rexnord, the ball bearing factory in Indianapolis where Mr. Jones went to work straight out of high school nearly 40 years ago, said in October it would be moving to Mexico. It is just a mile from the Carrier plant. The mayor of Indianapolis, Joe Hogsett, and Senator Joe Donnelly, both Democrats, tried to exert Trumplike pressure to force Rexnord to rethink its plans, but so far the company has not shown any sign it will change course. “On a personal level at Carrier, it is huge,” said Jerry N. Conover, director of the Indiana Business Research Center at the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University. “But by itself, the disappearance or retention of 1, 000 jobs is a small slice of the total economy in Indiana. ” “I think there will be continued downward pressure on employment in factories because of trends toward automation especially and moving to   areas for production,” he added. Carrier, in its official statement on the deal on Wednesday, said that it thought the agreement it negotiated with Mr. Trump and Vice   Mike Pence “benefits our workers, the state of Indiana and our company. ” But it said that incentives provided by Indiana, where Mr. Pence is governor, “were an important consideration. ” It added that “the forces of globalization will continue to require solutions for the   competitiveness of the U. S. and American workers. ” Those 1, 000 Carrier jobs saved represent just 0. 2 percent of total manufacturing employment in the state. And despite a rebound since the aftermath of the Great Recession, at just over half a million positions, factory employment in Indiana this year is still down by more than 20 percent since 2000. The good news is that Indiana has been doing well economically, with an unemployment rate below the national average and steady gains in employment like food service, retail and logistics. But those service jobs pay well below the $20 to $25 an hour that veteran Carrier employees  —   with only a high school diploma  —   can earn building furnaces and fan coils in Indianapolis. The typical manufacturing worker in the state earns $59, 000 a year, about $20, 000 a year more than the typical service job. And for less credentialed workers, that margin is the difference between having a shot at a   life, including owning a home and sending children to college, and having to struggle to make ends meet. “These are truly irreplaceable jobs,” said Scott Paul, president of the Alliance for American Manufacturing, an advocacy group, and a native of Rensselaer, Ind. “A manufacturing job is one of the only ladders to fulfilling the American dream for a worker without a college degree. ” “A manufacturing worker who loses their job at Carrier will be resigned to facing a lower standard of living and leaner retirement years,” Mr. Paul added. “Carrier is special because it happened at the right time and the right place and it gained a high profile. But obviously, Donald Trump and Mike Pence can’t intervene every time a plant closes. ” The economic fortunes for this group have been shrinking for years, which is a major reason the story of Mr. Trump and Carrier has resonated so deeply. In Indiana, in particular, as in other   Rust Belt states, there are a lot of people who are less educated: Just 16. 5 percent of the state’s residents ages 25 to 64 have a bachelor’s degree, half the rate for the country over all. And while about 30 percent have an associate degree or some college, the bulk of Indiana residents, 44 percent, have only a high school diploma  —   or less. Nor has manufacturing remained the sole domain of whites. It provides a crucial source of   jobs for minorities. In the popular imagination, the Indianapolis factory where 1, 400 Carrier workers build furnaces and fan coils looks like a scene out of “The Deer Hunter” or “Norma Rae. ”   guys walking through the plant gate, lunch pail in hand, or white women barely getting by after years on the line. But the reality at the Carrier plant that Mr. Trump will visit on Thursday is very different. About half the workers are   making it a much more diverse workplace than many   settings. Women account for a substantial portion of the work force as well, but the wages are anything but subsistence: over $20 an hour plus benefits for workers with just a high school diploma. That is an almost   level of pay for Indiana workers with that level of education in other sectors like food service and retail or even many health care jobs. Carol Bigbee, 59, who has worked at Carrier for over 13 years, earns $22 an hour. Her daughter has a bachelor’s degree and works in a medical lab, but earns   less. “You have to be really blessed to find a job that pays that kind of money,” she said. In southern Indiana, where the Manitowoc Foodservice factory will close next year,     jobs are just as rare. But Rich Sheffer, vice president for investor relations and treasurer at the company, said it had little choice but to relocate to Mexico. “This company has 20 percent excess manufacturing capacity,” he said. A few of the jobs are being transferred to Covington, Tenn. he said, but the Sellersburg plant “would have required a massive investment in automation. And we have to deal with profit margins that are trailing the industry. ” Mr. Sheffer said his company’s situation was different from that of Carrier, which has profitable operations in Indiana but could make more money in Mexico. “Our motivation is completely different, but,” he added, “we haven’t been contacted by anybody in the Trump administration. ”",0
13409,Jeff Sessions Asks Chicago’s Failed Obama-Appointed Federal Prosecutor to Resign - Breitbart,"On Friday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions asked U. S. Attorney Zachary Fardon and 45 other U. S. Attorneys appointed by Barack Obama to resign. [Fardon became Chicago’s “top federal prosecutor on Oct. 23, 2013,” and has been heavily criticized for his lack of prosecution of federal gun law violations.   Fardon played up “his office’s role in fighting gun violence on the streets of Chicago” but a Chicago   report on “court records in October 2016 showed federal weapons charges in Chicago had actually fallen slightly over the previous five years. ” The   report squares with the experience of the Chicago Police Board. During a January 7 interview with NPR, police board chairwoman Lori Lightfoot said Chicago needed more federal prosecutions if they were ever to turn the tide on the city’s gun crime.  Lightfoot said: We need to have more federal gun prosecutions in Chicago. Our federal partners from the U. S. attorney’s office, the ATF, the FBI need to be much more invested in this overall strategy. Chicago Police Department cannot tackle this issue by itself. Sessions shifted the posture of the Department of Justice as soon as he was confirmed. He used a February 27 memo to direct the DOJ to “increase prosecutions of   violations” so criminals know they will be doing time if they use guns for crime. And on March 8 he followed up by asking prosecutors to pursue “harsh sentences” for gun crimes and other violent offenses. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
13410,Realism About the Jihad Threat in Oklahoma,"Realism About the Jihad Threat in Oklahoma Oklahoma State Rep. John Bennett ventures where few dare to tread. October 27, 2016 Robert Spencer 
In an age of near-universal denial and willful ignorance at the highest levels about the ideological roots, nature and magnitude of the jihad threat, it is as unusual as it is refreshing to find lawmakers at any level who are willing to approach the problem honestly. State Representative John Bennett of Oklahoma, a Marine and combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan , is one of an all-too-rare breed. 
On Tuesday, Bennett held an “Interim Study” on “the current threat posed by radical Islam and the effect that Shariah Law, the Muslim Brotherhood and jihadist indoctrination have in the radicalization process in Oklahoma and America.” In his request to hold this study, he explained: “This will be a study of the current threat posed by radical Islam and the effect that Shariah Law, the Muslim Brotherhood and jihadist indoctrination have in the radicalization process in Oklahoma and America.” 
This kind of study should have been held not just in the Oklahoma House of Representatives, but in the U.S. House, and Senate as well. That such an idea is inconceivable is an indication of the fix we’re in. And the situation is only marginally better in Oklahoma: nowadays the misinformation and disinformation about what we’re up against is so universal that anywhere the truth is told about this threat, there is significant pushback from the allies and enablers of jihad and Islamic supremacism. 
And so it was in Tulsa on Tuesday. The interim study featured testimony by former FBI agent John Guandolo and Chris Gaubatz, whose exploits as an undercover agent infiltrating the Hamas-linked Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) are chronicled in the eye-opening book Muslim Mafia . 
Gaubatz and Guandolo presented evidence, including land records, showing that the Islamic Society of Greater Oklahoma City (ISGOC) is owned by the Muslim Brotherhood group the North American Islamic Trust (NAIT), that both CAIR, which has an active chapter in Oklahoma City, and ISGOC are Muslim Brotherhood organizations, and that CAIR has extensive ties to the jihad terror group Hamas, which styles itself the Muslim Brotherhood for Palestine. They pointed out that since Imad Enchassi, the imam of ISGOC, is a Palestinian and has all these ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, he likely also has links to Hamas. 
Guandolo and Gaubatz did not base their case on innuendo and hearsay. They laid out FBI evidence, Muslim Brotherhood documents, and more, demonstrating that the claims they were making were based on solid evidence. 
Predictably, however, the mainstream media, which we now know beyond any shadow of a doubt is simply and solely a propaganda arm for the Left and the Democratic Party , focused entirely on the presence of Adam Soltani of CAIR-OK and Enchassi. The Tulsa World ran a piece with the hysterical headline “State representative brands CAIR-OK, its director and a local imam as terrorists.” It quoted Soltani raging against Bennett: “Rep. Bennett is shamefully wasting taxpayer money to promote his own biased agenda. This hearing was a new low for Rep. Bennett, as his guests presented a biased narrative that achieves nothing more than demonizing and marginalizing the Oklahoma Muslim community.” 
The World magisterially told its readers that “CAIR is a Muslim civil liberties and advocacy group working to enhance the understanding of Islam.” It didn’t see fit to mention that CAIR is an unindicted co-conspirator in a Hamas terror funding case — so named by the Justice Department. There was not a word in the World report about how CAIR officials have repeatedly refused to denounce Hamas and Hizballah as terrorist groups. Several former CAIR officials have been convicted of various crimes related to jihad terror . CAIR’s cofounder and longtime Board chairman (Omar Ahmad), as well as its chief spokesman (Ibrahim Hooper), have made Islamic supremacist statements . (Ahmad denies this, but the original reporter stands by her story .) A California chapter distributed a poster telling Muslims not to talk to the FBI, and a Florida chapter distributed pamphlets with the same message . CAIR has opposed virtually every anti-terror measure that has been proposed or implemented and has been declared a terror organization by the United Arab Emirates. 
But the Tulsa World and other mainstream media outlets that covered Bennett’s study did not see fit to inform their readers of any of that; instead, predictably enough, they portrayed the hearing as a baseless exercise in race-baiting and fearmongering conducted by a politician up for reelection. 
John Bennett, and the people of Oklahoma, deserve better. There are legitimate questions about CAIR and ISGOC; Bennett dared to raise them Tuesday; for that, he is being subjected to a media lynching that is cynically designed to obscure the genuine concerns he raised – yet ever since a member of ISGOC beheaded a coworker in 2014, these concerns are more urgent than ever. 
The media enablers of jihad must be decisively repudiated. Please email the Speaker of the Oklahoma House, Jeff W. Hickman, politely and courteously expressing your support for John Bennett and requesting that his hearing be just the first of a series. His email is [email protected] and his phone number is (405) 557-7339. 
John Bennett has yet again stuck his neck out for freedom. In these hard times, those who are willing to do that have to hang together.",0
13411,Comment on Brilliant Takedown Of Feminism From An Old Man by How To Kill Zombie Arguments,"  Brilliant Takedown Of Feminism From An Old Man Brilliant Takedown Of Feminism From An Old Man December 28, 2012 30 Comments Culture 
Many of you are probably familiar with Fred On Everything , a member of the old guard when it comes to the fight against feminism. His Hooking Up article gives a birds-eye view of how feminism corrupted women, in a way that only a senior citizen who has seen it all can elucidate. 
What I don’t get is, why are gals bitching? This is the world they wanted. They clawed and scratched and burned their bras and had court cases and threw fits to get exactly what they have. They hated men because, they said, men weren’t letting them copulate frantically like men had always wanted them to. Men, or more likely their mothers, didn’t let them make themselves unattractive by dressing like hod-carriers and swearing like sailors. Finally men gave in and now women hate them for that . Whatever happened to gratitude? […] 
Sally Sue might have teeth like pearls and brains and perky tits and a wacky sense of humor and actually be quite a prize, but sex trumps art. If Sally didn’t say Yes, she knew that Greta would. Women had commoditized themselves. It was a marvelous thing for the testosterone wads we think of as college boys. […] 
“All you want is sex!” 
“Uh…what else have you got?” or “So what?” 
Or, “Marriage? Why? Would sex be better? Would food taste better? I don’t get it.” 
Or, “Marriage doesn’t make sense. Do you want to eat in the same restaurant all your life?” 
Women weren’t happen then and aren’t happy now. Trying to please them will just sacrifice what you want while giving no guarantee that they’ll be content, yet we still have beta males and white knights fighting among each other to appease the unappeasable. Will they collectively realize their folly? 
Maybe a more relevant question is if we want them to wake up. When I’m looting the Best Buy after a hurricane, I don’t want to compete with other looters. It’s possible the quality of goods I’d be able to steal would be much less due to the competition.",0
13412,Donald Trump Appoints Media Firebrand to Run Campaign - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump named as his new campaign chief on Wednesday a conservative media provocateur whose news organization regularly attacks the Republican Party establishment, savages Hillary Clinton and encourages Mr. Trump’s most pugilistic instincts. Mr. Trump’s decision to make Stephen K. Bannon, chairman of the Breitbart News website, his campaign’s chief executive was a defiant rejection of efforts by longtime Republican hands to wean him from the bombast and racially charged speech that helped propel him to the nomination but now threaten his candidacy by alienating the moderate voters who typically decide the presidency. It also formally completed a merger between the most strident elements of the conservative news media and Mr. Trump’s campaign, which was incubated and fostered in their boisterous coverage of his rise. Mr. Bannon was appointed a day after the recently ousted Fox News chairman, Roger Ailes, emerged in an advisory role with Mr. Trump. It was not lost on Republicans in Washington that two news executives whose outlets had fueled the   rebellion that bedeviled congressional leaders and set the stage for Mr. Trump’s nomination were now directly guiding the party’s presidential message and strategy. Mr. Bannon’s most recent crusade was his failed attempt to oust the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, in this month’s primary, making his new role atop the Trump campaign particularly provocative toward Republican leaders in Washington. Party veterans responded Wednesday with a mix of anger about the damage they saw Mr. Trump doing to their party’s reputation and gallows humor about his apparent inability, or unwillingness, to run a credible presidential campaign in a year that once appeared promising. “If Trump were actually trying to antagonize supporters and antagonize new, reachable supporters, what exactly would he be doing differently?” asked Dan Senor, a longtime Republican strategist who advised Mitt Romney and his running mate, Mr. Ryan, in 2012. Terry Sullivan, who ran Senator Marco Rubio’s presidential campaign, said Mr. Trump and Breitbart “both play to the lowest common denominator of people’s fears. It’s a match made in heaven. ” For Mr. Trump, though, bringing in Mr. Bannon was the political equivalent of ordering comfort food. Only last week, Mr. Trump publicly expressed ambivalence about modifying his style. “I think I may do better the other way,” he told Time magazine. “They would like to see it be a little bit different, a little more modified. I don’t like to modify. ” Mr. Bannon’s transition from   at Breitbart to the inner circle of the de facto leader of the Republican Party capped the second   of Mr. Trump’s campaign in two months. Kellyanne Conway, a veteran pollster and strategist who was already advising Mr. Trump, will become his campaign manager and is expected to travel with the candidate, filling a void that opened up when Corey Lewandowski was fired on June 20. Mr. Trump’s loyalists put the best possible face on the changes announced Wednesday, but their timing, after a New York Times article detailing his advisers’ frustration at trying to impose discipline on him, underscored why so many in the party have soured on his prospects: His decisions are often made in reaction to news coverage. Paul Manafort, the campaign chairman, will retain his title and focus on the political shop but was widely seen as being sidelined: Mr. Bannon and Ms. Conway have both developed close relationships with Mr. Trump, and Mr. Bannon is likely to be more amenable to letting him run the sort of   campaign he prefers. “This is an exciting day for Team Trump,” Mr. Manafort wrote in an internal staff memo. “I remain the campaign chairman and chief strategist, providing the     campaign vision,” he added. On a conference call Wednesday morning, Jason Miller, a Trump spokesman, said the moves had been well received, along with a speech on crime reduction that he gave in Wisconsin, pointing to favorable coverage on the MSNBC show “Morning Joe. ” Under Mr. Bannon, Breitbart News has been an amen corner for Mr. Trump, and perhaps more relentless than any other conservative outlet in its criticism of the Republican establishment. But what most distresses mainstream party strategists about the union of Mr. Trump’s campaign with Breitbart’s guiding vision is the brand of populism that the website has advocated, and that Mr. Trump has championed. Mr. Bannon has overseen a site that is focused primarily on pushing Republicans away from what it calls a globalist agenda and toward a   and often overtly racial one, railing against what it sees as the threats of free trade, Hispanic migration and Islamist terrorism. “This is Trump going back to the nativism and nationalism that fueled his rise in the primary,” said Lanhee J. Chen, who was Mr. Romney’s policy director in 2012. “But it’s very dangerous to the future of the party because it only further narrows the appeal of a party whose appeal was already narrow going into this cycle. ” Mr. Chen called Mr. Trump’s shift “a base reinforcement strategy” and noted that it was very different from the tack of most party nominees, who use the final months of the presidential race to broaden their appeal in hopes of winning over the maximum number of voters. But to those on the right who are hoping to permanently shift Republicans away from   conservatism and toward a   populism, the addition of Mr. Bannon was a victory for the “America First” approach they want to ingrain in the party. “He doesn’t need any help formulating his message  —   his message is perfect,” the conservative author Ann Coulter said of Mr. Trump. Referring to Mr. Trump’s policy adviser, speechwriter and   speaker, she added, “Maybe he could use 10 more Stephen Millers. ” As comfortable as Mr. Trump may feel with Mr. Bannon’s style of politics, their unconventional alliance, and the possibility that the coming weeks could resemble a conservative publicity tour more than a conventional White House run, fueled speculation that Mr. Trump was already looking past November. In recent months, Mr. Trump and his    Jared Kushner, have quietly explored becoming involved with a media holding, either by investing in one or by taking one over, according to a person close to Mr. Trump who was briefed on those discussions. At a minimum, the campaign’s homestretch offers Mr. Trump, who has begun to limit his national media appearances to conservative outlets, an opportunity to build his audience and steer his followers toward the combative Breitbart site. Even before announcing the staff   Mr. Trump intensified his criticism of the mainstream news media in a speech on Tuesday night in which he declared that he was running against the “   complex. ” Mr. Trump’s elevation of Mr. Bannon and Ms. Conway also highlights the growing influence of Robert Mercer and his daughter Rebekah, conservative donors from Long Island. The Mercers are investors in Breitbart, and their foundation funds a host of other conservative activist groups. They spent millions on Senator Ted Cruz’s behalf during the Republican primary, an effort Ms. Conway helped lead. And they began bankrolling a   “super PAC” in recent weeks after becoming friendly with Mr. Trump, his daughter Ivanka and her husband, Mr. Kushner. At Breitbart and its sister foundation, the Government Accountability Institute, Mr. Bannon ran a hybrid between a news organization and an   operation aimed at discrediting Mrs. Clinton. The institute sponsored a book about Mrs. Clinton’s financial entanglements, “Clinton Cash,” which spawned various articles in mainstream newspapers last year, including in The New York Times. Rival conservative news organizations viewed Breitbart as something of an outlier, which was evident in the title of an article the Weekly Standard writer Stephen F. Hayes wrote on Wednesday: “Trump Has Decided to Live in Breitbart’s Alternative Reality. ” “It’s the merger of the Trump campaign with the kooky right,” William Kristol, editor of The Weekly Standard, said of Mr. Bannon’s new role. Mr. Bannon has now joined with Mr. Ailes in a common cause on Mr. Trump’s behalf, a mission that Breitbart never pretended to deny. But Mr. Ailes’s direct involvement casts a new light on how his network handled Mr. Trump’s candidacy. In the weeks before the Fox News host Gretchen Carlson filed the sexual harassment lawsuit that led to Mr. Ailes’s forced resignation, Mr. Ailes had been in regular contact with Mr. Trump and met with him at least twice, people briefed on the sessions said. While meetings between a presidential candidate and the chairman of an influential television network are hardly   especially with Mr. Trump, Mr. Ailes’s direct involvement in the campaign raises new questions about whether the sessions involved more than the usual complaints about coverage. Before Mr. Ailes’s ouster, some of the network’s journalists and contributors privately complained that Mr. Ailes was pushing them to be more supportive of Mr. Trump. This drew particular umbrage from longtime Republican staff members and contributors who either opposed Mr. Trump’s candidacy on ideological grounds or believed it demanded tough reporting on journalistic grounds. There was, though, one prominent conservative voice unambiguously in Mr. Ailes’s corner since the beginning of the sexual harassment scandal: Breitbart. The website emerged as a singular defender of Mr. Ailes, with a piece about a planned walkout by network stars loyal to him should he be forced out  —   it never came to pass  —   and one by Mr. Bannon ridiculing the “minor Murdochs” (the 21st Century Fox chief Rupert Murdoch’s sons and   James and Lachlan) who were seen as leading the push for Mr. Ailes to resign.",0
13413,Russia Did It: Cuck Moron Glenn Beck Claims The Alt-Right are Kremlin-Backed Terrorists,"Russia Did It: Cuck Moron Glenn Beck Claims The Alt-Right are Kremlin-Backed Terrorists 
Lee Rogers Daily Stormer October 29, 2016 Glenn Beck is a mentally disturbed individual who belongs in an insane asylum to ensure the safety of the general public. 
The first time I saw Glenn Beck on my television set back in the mid 2000s, I could immediately tell what a rotten phony this fool was. I honestly don’t get how so many people got dragged into this idiot’s nonsense . 
He recently endorsed Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump which says everything you need to know about his character. He willfully supports the most corrupt political figure in American history over a man who has a track record of building and creating great things around the world. Under what logical scenario does that make any sense? One would only do that if they are insane or have ulterior motives. Especially considering how he has sold himself as a so-called “conservative” media personality for so many years. 
Now he is declaring a war on the Alt-Right . He has gone so far as to claim that the Alt-Right are Kremlin backed terrorists being armed by Vladimir Putin lol. 
He also suggests that people run away from anyone who uses the term “cuckservative” largely because he knows that he is theÂ very definition of that. 
This fool is insane. He should be put in a mental institution for the rest of his miserable life. There is no proof of anything that he is claiming.",0
13414,Vermont deer attempt to flee to Canada after election results roll in.,"Debate a draw at minus 6 on a ten point scale Wide-ranging response to presidential debate 2 has now settled down to a tie, with a rating of minus 6 on a ten point scale for each candidate. A 1 on a ten point scale would be much lower than a 9. A 9 would indicate ""very good"" or ""excellent.""... The President in the locker room Spoof Investigations has just been handed a video related to a certain candidate for president in the 2016 election. It shows him in his own locker room at Trump Tower being interviewed by a radio show host with first name Billy. This new inter... Obama Replaces John Kerry with Jack Reacher as the New Secretary of State Trying to secure his legacy, especially when it comes to foreign policy, President Barack Obama replaced reigning Secretary of State, John Kerry, with Jack Reacher. Obama wanted to leave the White House remembered as a tough guy who could handle the... Kirk lands killer blow on Trumphole™ with 'Rope a Dope' Weapon™ The Earth Defense League has landed a killer blow on the Trumphole™ Fleet using a variation of Mohamed Alis 'Rope a Dope' strategy and has developed a 'Give the Psychopath Enough Rope to Hang Himself' Gun™ The Earth Defense League hea... Trump's Minority Outreach Met With Deafening Silence Faced with faltering poll numbers, Donald Trump and his advisors are taking a shot at tapping the African American vote, which normally goes Democratic 9 to 1. His recent outreach, however, might be doing more harm than good. Trying to piggyba...",0
13415,‘Brexit’ Revolt Casts a Shadow Over Hillary Clinton’s Cautious Path - The New York Times,"For Hillary Clinton, Britain’s emotionally charged uprising against the European Union is the sort of populist victory over establishment politics that she fears in the coming presidential election. Mrs. Clinton shares more with the defeated “Remain” campaign than a similar slogan  —   her “Stronger Together” echoing its “Stronger In. ” Her fundamental argument, much akin to Prime Minister David Cameron’s against British withdrawal from the European Union, is that Americans should value stability and incremental change over the risks entailed in radical change and the possibility of chaos if Donald J. Trump wins the presidency. She offers reasonableness instead of resentment, urging voters to see the big picture and promising to manage economic and immigration upheaval, just as Mr. Cameron did. She, too, is a pragmatic internationalist battling against nationalist anger, cautioning that the turmoil after the   Brexit vote underscores a need for “calm, steady, experienced leadership in the White House. ” But prudence is cold comfort to people fed up with    . According to their friends and advisers, Mrs. Clinton and former President Bill Clinton have worried for months that she was out of sync with the mood of the electorate, and that her politically safe messages  —   like “I’m a progressive who gets results”  —   were far less compelling to frustrated voters than the “political revolution” of Senator Bernie Sanders or Mr. Trump’s   promise to “Make America Great Again. ” Mr. Sanders and Mr. Trump won a combined 25 million votes during the primary season, compared with 16 million for Mrs. Clinton. And while many of Mr. Sanders’s supporters are expected to support her in November, she has not recalibrated her message to try to tap into the anger that he and Mr. Trump channeled. Nor does Mrs. Clinton have any plans, advisers say, to take cues from the Brexit campaign and start   her support for globalized markets, or denouncing porous borders, illegal immigrants and the lack of job protections in   agreements. Much distinguishes the presidential contest from the British fight, of course, including a    matchup between   candidates, a sharply different economic context, and a long and proud history of immigration. Yet in addition to worrying that she is out of step, Mrs. Clinton is somewhat hemmed in by her record: She supported her husband’s North American Free Trade Agreement, which caused significant economic pain in the industrial Midwest after it went into effect in 1994. And her nuanced views about free trade are a harder sell to many voters than Mr. Trump’s   vows to trash bad trade deals and use tariffs as economic weapons of national defense. While Mrs. Clinton is counting on Mr. Trump’s history of racist and sexist remarks to doom his candidacy, Thursday’s Brexit referendum was an unnerving reminder that voter anger is deeper and broader than many elite politicians and veteran pollsters realize. In swing states like Ohio, many Democrats and Republicans yearn for an economic comeback and are not confident that Mrs. Clinton understands their frustrations or has the ideas and wherewithal to deliver the sort of change that could satisfy them. “Brexit is clearly a cautionary tale for the Clinton campaign not to get too complacent with a potential victory,” said David B. Cohen, a professor of political science at the University of Akron. “Trump, Sanders and those in Great Britain who ran the Leave campaign are tapping into an anger and anxiety that is clearly festering.   folks in the United States are similar to   folks in Europe. And a lot of those   people feel as if the international economic system is not working for them and strangling the middle class. ” Mike DuHaime, a Republican strategist, said the British vote was the clearest sign yet that “the intensity against the status quo is far more real than many are still willing to acknowledge. ” “If the Trump victory in the primary wasn’t enough of one, the Brexit vote serves as a major   call indicating just how frustrated average voters are with those in power,” Mr. DuHaime said. Several Democrats cautioned against drawing too many lessons from the Brexit vote, saying mass immigration and economic malaise were bigger problems in Britain and the European Union than in the United States. They also said many British voters were revolting against a bureaucracy in Brussels that they regarded as bloated, overpaid and prone to interfering in the affairs of sovereign countries. Yet the Democrats acknowledged that the worldview held by Mrs. Clinton and many of the party’s elites was not as attractive to many voters as it once was. “Liberal internationalism seems to have been dying for a while,” said Mark S. Mellman, a Democratic pollster who is not involved with the Clinton campaign. “But while that may be the animating philosophy of foreign policy intellectuals the world over, it is not the animating philosophy of America, nor of our domestic politics. ” For Sean Harrington, a husband and father of three who owns the Town Pump Tavern in downtown Detroit, the support for   deals and international markets cannot die fast enough. Taking a break from his bookkeeping duties on Friday, he said President Clinton’s economic policies were still “ruining the economy” by giving benefits to large corporations that move jobs overseas, while in states like Michigan, “the average work force loses. ” “If my fellow Americans were doing better, there would be more money around and traded in and out of my pockets,” said Mr. Harrington, a registered independent who is undecided between Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump. On the campaign trail, Mrs. Clinton regularly pledges to “make sure our economy works for everyone, not just those at the top,” as she put it on Wednesday in Raleigh, N. C. where she also promised to reject “bad trade deals and unfair trade practices. ” She also argued in favor of Britain’s remaining in the European Union. But she was not surprised that the “Leave” campaign won, her advisers said Friday, because she understands the extent of voter anger. Her advisers said they were confident the referendum in Britain did not mirror the presidential election in the United States. “These are two different countries, with very different circumstances and demographics, facing different choices,” said Jennifer Palmieri, Mrs. Clinton’s communications director. “We believe American voters are looking for concrete solutions to address their economic frustrations and unlikely to find the turmoil, economic uncertainty and roiling of markets caused by the Brexit vote particularly appealing. ” Frank Luntz, a Republican expert on political messaging, said Mr. Cameron and the “Remain” camp had failed to “personalize, individualize or humanize their campaign. ” The “Stronger Together” slogan shared by the “Remain” campaign and Mrs. Clinton feels bloodless and overly intellectual compared with the more emotional,   appeals of Mr. Trump and the “Leave” movement, he said. “The problem with the concept of ‘together’ is that it promotes groupthink rather than individual pursuits,” Mr. Luntz said. “We are in an age of individual action, not collective responsibility. ” Mrs. Clinton’s arguments against Mr. Trump often require a great deal of explanation to voters, which can sometimes turn them off. While Mr. Trump thrills his audiences with big promises  —   without saying much about how he would fulfill them  —   Mrs. Clinton can get caught in the gears of policy. One recent exception was a foreign policy speech in early June, when she hit a rhythm and ripped into Mr. Trump with memorable lines like “He says he has foreign policy experience because he ran the Miss Universe pageant in Russia. ” But when Mrs. Clinton takes pains to explain why Mr. Trump’s promises and policies do not add up, or are too risky, she runs a risk of her own: that she will sound as though she is instructing or talking down to her audience. Not many voters want a lecturer as president. “A slogan and a message must be aspirational  —   either give people hope things will get better or that the bad stuff will stop  —   both,” said Ruth Sherman, a political communications analyst who is not affiliated with any campaign. Referring to one of Mrs. Clinton’s taglines, she said: “Hillary’s ‘I’m with her’  —   I remember thinking when I first saw it, ‘Really?’ It’s not my job to be with her. She should be with me. ” If Mr. Trump’s “Make America Great Again” is resonant  —   “by far the best slogan of all the candidates,” Ms. Sherman said  —   Mrs. Clinton is counting on voters to appreciate policy ideas that are more strategic than  . She argued in Raleigh, for instance, that markets like the European Union “work best when all the stakeholders share in the benefits. ” While that statement was hardly in the aspirational vein that Ms. Sherman recommends, it set a clear goal and was less divisive than Mr. Trump’s comments on the British referendum. The American electorate has tilted this year toward presidential candidates who make them feel as much as think, but Mrs. Clinton and her allies hope that voters will reflect on the vote in Britain and opt for the steadiness and predictability that she promises. “I don’t think the average American who has a retirement account right now is thrilled about Donald Trump’s support of Brexit,” said Thomas R. Nides, who was a deputy secretary of state under Mrs. Clinton. “Hillary Clinton understands we always need to change  —   but change that doesn’t cause unintended consequences for the average American. ”",0
13416,Venezuelans Using ’Rare Pepes’ and Bitcoin As Currency - Breitbart,"Internet users in Venezuela have finally quantified what it truly means to have a rare Pepe, buying and selling     trading cards as a way to escape the economic control of their socialist government. [The idea of images of the popular green frog being “rare” started off as a joke on 4chan, where users would claim that their images of Pepe were rarer and more valuable than everyone else’s. It escalated into people selling their collections of Pepe on eBay, with bids reaching up to almost $100, 000 before eBay took it down.  There were never any serious transactions however, with everyone involved enjoying the ironic humour of the situation. More recently, a group of redditors have been “trading” memes of any shape and size on    attempting to create a stock market in meme popularity. But, it turns out that rare Pepe collecting online is now a serious business. Sometime last year, an unknown individual began issuing “official” rare Pepe trading cards using the Counterparty platform to link them to bitcoin, in an attempt to poke fun at another online trading game called Spells of Genesis. Today, these cards can be exchanged for the equivalent of thousands of US dollars on Counterparty’s decentralised exchange. This is due to a creation of artificial scarcity in the cards (as one would expect trading cards to have). Anyone can issue their own rare Pepes, but these are then verified by the official Rare Pepe Foundation, and linked to a certain piece of the bitcoin chain via a practice known as coin colouring. Whomsoever owns that particular bitcoin key address owns the Pepe associated with it. All verified rare Pepes can be viewed in a complete directory of them. This is in particular use in Venezuela. Developers of a game called Rare Pepe Party that would utilise some of these cards have claimed that they are needed to keep their company afloat. “We’re based in Venezuela, and our business has been saved by bitcoin many times,” the developer, who wished to remain anonymous, told Crypto Insider. According to them, around 80% of offices in the vicinity of theirs have been closed down in the past year, with even the biggest businesses still around losing up to 90% of their employees. “In that timeframe, thanks to bitcoin related business, we’ve grown our employee base from just 5 to 10 (we’re still a small company),” said the developer. “We’ve   our office.    we’ve been improving, so we’re banking big on bitcoin and now over Counterparty assets. ” However, bitcoin is not completely safe in the South American nation. Venezuela’s equivalent of secret police, SEBIN, have been targeting people using bitcoin and bringing them up on or extortion and bribes, especially bitcoin miners, according to the developer. “Anything bitcoin related is a big   here at the moment  …     this week I got wind of at least two mining operators getting knocks on their doors. ” Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can like his page on Facebook and follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard_ or on Gab @JH.",0
13417,Today I Rise: This Beautiful Short Film Is Like a Love Poem For Your Heart and Soul,"Today I Rise: This Beautiful Short Film Is Like a Love Poem For Your Heart and Soul Nov 10, 2016 2 0 
This beautiful short film will have you warm, fuzzy, and inspired. Here’s “Today I Rise”. 
“The world is missing what I am ready to give: My Wisdom, My Sweetness, My Love and My hunger for Peace.” 
“Where are you? Where are you, little girl with broken wings but full of hope? Where are you, wise women covered in wounds? Where are you?” 
h/t Films for Action , Image: Banksy Vote Up",0
13418,Bidding Wars in the Suburbs - The New York Times,"The listing Nadia Krivickova and Michael Krivicka had been waiting for popped up early last September: a pristine    1924 colonial with a   backyard in the lower Westchester County village of Pelham Manor. Then living in an apartment in Manhattan, the couple (she’s an accountant, he’s a founder of Thinkmodo, which creates viral video campaigns) were in need of more space for their two toddlers. After their real estate agent, Arthur L. Scinta, an associate broker with Houlihan Lawrence, advised them to move quickly, they went to see the house the very next day. By 5 p. m. they had submitted an offer for the full asking price of $942, 000. The sellers wanted to give it more time. After several days, the couple raised their offer to $999, 000. The sellers wanted another week. “We asked them to give us a number they would take it off the market for,” Ms. Krivickova said. “They said no. ” The couple really wanted the house. They huddled with Mr. Scinta, who analyzed recent sales prices of similar properties to help them strike a balance between a strong offer and an overzealous offer, which, if it exceeded the bank’s appraisal, could cause problems with financing. Finally, on a Monday morning, they submitted their highest offer: $1, 087, 000, a full 15 percent premium. Mr. Scinta heard back that afternoon. “Arthur called and told us there were nine other offers,” Ms. Krivickova said. “But we got it  —   by three or four grand. ” And fortunately, the bank appraisal came in on the nose. The family moved in last December a third child is expected to arrive in August. They are delighted with their new home. But as for the angst involved in buying it? “It was awful,” Ms. Krivickova said. The bidding wars  that have become the norm in New York City are now also common in select suburbs within easy commuting distance. Buyers priced out of the city are heading for the ’burbs, driving up demand and creating a more fraught buying process in   towns that have long enjoyed reputations for good school systems, lively downtowns and ready access to the city. “The city is this pot of water that’s spilling over on the sides, and that excess demand is going to the suburbs,” said Jonathan Miller, the president of Miller Samuel, a New York appraisal and research firm. “It’s all being driven by the lack of affordability. ” Across Westchester, northern New Jersey, parts of Long Island and lower Fairfield County, Conn. the competition is fiercest for    homes toward the lower end of the price scale  —   under $1 million in some markets, under $2 million in others  —   in places within a   rail commute to the city. Walking distance to a lively downtown, a train station or both heightens the appeal.   homes in good condition in these markets often draw multiple offers within days of coming on the market. An analysis of   sales this year conducted by Miller Samuel showed the highest percentages of Westchester properties (23 percent to 44 percent) selling at or above asking price  —   signs of likely bidding wars  —   in places like Larchmont, Irvington, Bronxville, White Plains and Pelham. The average premium ranged from 1. 7 percent to 4 percent, actually lower than a year ago at the same time, when buyers were paying more like 5 percent or 6 percent over the asking price. Fairfield County and Long Island could not claim the same intensity in sales activity in the first quarter, Mr. Miller said. In Fairfield County, Stamford, Norwalk, Greenwich, Fairfield, Westport and Darien, 2 percent to 13 percent of properties sold at or over the asking price. On Long Island, Garden City, Huntington, Levittown, Port Washington, Franklin Square and Manhasset showed signs of bidding wars on 1 percent to 3 percent of transactions. Mr. Miller said he suspects bidding wars may have been more prevalent in those towns a couple of years ago, while now, “Westchester is center stage. ” Mr. Miller’s firm does not cover New Jersey. But there, “the housing market is looking better than it has in a very long time,” said Jeffrey Otteau, the president of the Otteau Valuation Group in East Brunswick, N. J. Among the briskest markets are Hoboken, Glen Ridge, Maplewood, Montclair and South Orange, judging by their very low levels of inventory, he added. Generally speaking, buyers are not lining up for luxury properties.   homes  —   upward of $2 million or $3 million, depending on the location  —   are still going begging across the metropolitan area, agents said. Demand for these homes is weakest in affluent suburbs without a train station. “The reason is clear: The   jobs in the region are now disproportionately located in Manhattan,” Mr. Otteau said. “And if that’s where you’re going, there’s just not enough hours in the day to involve a car in that commute. ” At the same time, the luxury market in   towns is also slow, as they vie for fewer Wall Street bonus dollars and compete with a growing preference for urban living. Said Mr. Otteau, “Because of the dramatic improvement in urban life in the last 20 years, it’s no longer a given that when you’re ready to raise a family, you need to go out and buy a house in the suburbs. ” But many buyers who would prefer to stay in New York City simply can’t afford to. In Pelham, “almost all of our buyers are coming from the city, increasingly from Brooklyn,” Mr. Scinta said. “They are being priced out in terms of the additional space they need. They’ve outgrown their apartments and can’t afford to move up to the   apartment. ” In their search for a home, Anil and Smita Abraham, who are moving from the Washington, D. C. area for Mr. Abraham’s financial services job in New York, have hit many of the market hot spots, like Greenwich, Conn. and numerous places in lower Westchester. But on a Sunday in   the Abrahams and their two children, ages 6 and 4, were concentrating on open houses in Pelham. “Pelham is our top choice, I would say,” Ms. Abraham said. “We really loved Greenwich, but it’s too far to commute. ” They were among a dozen or so buyers checking out a   Georgian colonial that had been listed for $1. 465 million the previous Thursday. The couple were smitten with the updated house, particularly because of its ample bedroom space  —   room for visiting grandparents  —   and large basement playroom. Although the open house wasn’t busy, the listing agent, Caroline Baccellieri, an associate broker with McClellan Sotheby’s International Realty, already had two offers in hand before it began. By that night, she had two more  —   including one from the Abrahams. But the sellers took one of the earlier offers. “It came in at over asking the day the house went on the market,” Ms. Baccellieri said. “We felt like they were going to see it through and there weren’t going to be any problems. ” Earlier this month, the Abrahams were in negotiations for another house in Pelham, but weren’t certain they would reach a deal. With the spring season slowing and fewer properties coming on the market now, Mr. Abraham said they would buy elsewhere in lower Westchester if need be. Mike and Wendy Buzzeo of Jersey City were outbid three times as they searched recently for a home in Montclair, Maplewood and South Orange, N. J. During a crowded open house at a   Queen Anne Victorian in Montclair last month, the Buzzeos, who have two sons, ages 1 and 3, said, based on their previous experiences, they suspected the list price of $539, 000 was set deliberately low to spark a bidding war. “We figure you have to add at least $100, 000 to the list price to get an idea of what the house is really going for, and usually it’s more than $100, 000,” said Mr. Buzzeo, the head of international marketing for FXCM, an online brokerage firm. Betsy Ceccio of Keller Williams in Montclair, who had the listing along with her business partner, Joyce Slous, disputed the notion that homes were being underpriced to spark a frenzy. But she acknowledged that many homes were selling above their list prices, especially in the $500, 000 to $900, 000 range. Even with older bathrooms in need of updating, the Victorian, which is within walking distance of downtown and a train station, wound up netting 13 offers, all over asking, and several a full 20 percent higher, well beyond what the sellers expected, Ms. Ceccio said. “Buyers were waiting and waiting for inventory to open up, and they’re looking at the school calendar and thinking they need to get settled before the school year starts,” she said. “The clock is ticking. ” The Buzzeos were not among the bidders on that house, but Ms. Buzzeo, the director of digital marketing for MetLife, later said that they had made an offer that had been accepted on a house in Maplewood. The dearth of   inventory relative to demand is sometimes sparking bidding wars in towns where they are usually few and far between. In Weston, Conn. for example, which has no train station or downtown, and where sales have been sluggish this year, JoAnn and Doug Cohen found themselves in an unexpected bidding war earlier this spring for a     listed for $635, 000. Having sold a large house in Westport two years ago, the Cohens, who have an    daughter, had been renting in Weston while they looked for a modestly sized house priced under $850, 000. “I didn’t want another large house,” said Ms. Cohen, who works for an accounting services firm. (Her husband is a talent scout for a recruiting firm.) “We’re on a     —   we’re going to move to a different area when our daughter graduates from high school. ” The   was the nicest house they had seen others in their price range had tended to need a lot of work. (The median sales price in Weston from February through May averaged around $780, 000.) This one had an open floor plan with lots of natural light, a newer kitchen and a flat   yard on a   . “There just aren’t a whole lot of these out there,” said Gabrielle DiBianco, the agent with the Higgins Group who represented the Cohens. Still, the Cohens were surprised when they made an offer under the asking price and were told they were competing with two others. They raised their bid enough to secure the house, and closed earlier this month. At the same time, in some of the rail towns on Long Island, houses sell so quickly that some agents aren’t even bothering with open houses, said Maggie Keats, an associate broker with Douglas Elliman Real Estate in Manhasset and Port Washington. “They have sufficient traffic by appointment,” she said. Calling Manhasset and Port Washington “the ‘it’ markets” for buyers moving from the city, Ms. Keats said the towns were benefiting from highly rated school districts, a quick commute to Penn Station, “true” downtowns and waterfront access. “In both of these communities, some of the movement you see is people within the community, whether up or down,” she said. “You don’t see a huge amount of turnover, and we do not get a great amount of inventory. So when something new comes on, there’s high demand. ” In Garden City, properties in good condition for under $1 million routinely draw multiple bids, as buyers are waiting in the wings, according to Stephanie Cullum, an associate broker and manager at Coach Realtors. In 23 years of selling real estate, Ms. Cullum said, she had never seen   buyers as determined to get a home as they were at the beginning of the spring market. “A lot of them have bid on something and lost it,” she said. “They get out to see homes right when they come on. ” In her opinion, not only the high prices in the city are driving demand rising rents on Long Island are as well. “  are asking $2, 900 to $4, 500 a month,” she said, referring to Garden City. “You could get a nice mortgage for that. ” Not all buyers are motivated solely by budget considerations, of course. George and Brooke Antonopoulos have spent most of this year looking for a home in Darien, Conn. They’ve lived in Manhattan for 10 years, but as they consider having a family, they are looking for more square footage for their money, along with the lifestyle they grew up with: “yards and barbecues,” said Ms. Antonopoulos, who works in accounting. They have made offers on two houses so far neither worked out “for various reasons,” said Mr. Antonopoulos, who works for a hedge fund. But they’re not frazzled. They don’t have to stand in line for a good property under $1. 5 million, like so many other   Darien buyers. Given their budget of up to $4 million, the Antonopouloses say, the market, in their case, is tilting in their favor.",0
13419,"Declaring ‘That’s Me,’ and Empowering Latinas - The New York Times","A few months ago, Sarai Gonzalez’s proudest distinction was being a funny older sister. She hammed it up during dance parties in her family room in Green Brook, N. J. She wore studded pink   and baked a mean cupcake. Now, Sarai, 11, is in a Get Out the Vote ad.   Miranda is praising her on Twitter. She recently attended an event for Hispanic Heritage at the White House, where she hugged the president and was in high demand for selfies, wearing a blue satin gown. “It was like a flash,” Sarai said. In record time, she had gone from unknown little girl to Latina icon, all thanks to a viral music video: Sarai is the nerdy, round and confident tween who confronts bullies on the streets of Brooklyn in the video for “Soy Yo” or “That’s Me,” by the Colombian group Bomba Estéreo. If you’re Latina, chances are you’ve already seen her. The video, released by the band last month, got a million views in its first days. (It now has more than six million.) It was featured all over, from NBC News to Fusion. It spawned a hashtag, schoolchildren’’s art, and animated GIFs, which in turn became memes. “Soy Yo” seemed to appear at precisely the right moment  —   a defiant, and adorable, rebuke to the   rhetoric of the Trump campaign, and haters in general. “Don’t worry if they don’t accept you,” goes the song’s chorus, in Spanish. “If they criticize you, just say, ‘That’s me.’ ” The video resonated particularly with Latinas. Rarely in American life, especially in an era of ugly debates over immigrants, had popular culture created a young, brown,   character so heroic, free of victimhood, full of   dignity. Sarai made Latinas visible. Real Latinas. And they responded, in a chorus of “yes, that’s me. ” “It’s a reminder that Latinos are part of American life, American space is Latino space,” said María Elena Cepeda, who studies Latino representations in popular culture and teaches at Williams College. “Right now, that is a pretty transgressive statement. ” For Sarai, the video became like a home movie forever on repeat. “My mom was always checking it,” Sarai said. “My dad was playing it when he was washing clothes. ” It all came together through a mix of accident and authenticity. Sarai’s father, Juan Carlos Gonzalez, is from Costa Rica. Her mother, Diana Gonzalez, is from Peru. They came to the United States when they were about Sarai’s age. Devout Catholics, they met in church. Mrs. Gonzalez is a computer analyst at a Newark hospital and Mr. Gonzalez left his job as a construction engineer to be a    father. Sarai is the oldest of their three daughters, and as a child, “she would sing everywhere. ‘Mother Goose,’ ” Mrs. Gonzalez said. “The microphone, that was her best friend. ” And she was always  . In her mostly pink bedroom, a   sign says, “I am awesome!” Last year, recognizing her charisma, Sarai’s parents enrolled her in a program run by Actors, Models and Talent for Christ, or A. M. T. C. a Christian talent and modeling ministry. She traveled to Orlando, Fla. and was picked up by an agent in New York. But it was her father who saw the casting call for the video on an actors database. The director, Torben Kjelstrup, also entered the picture almost by chance. Mr. Kjelstrup, who lives in Copenhagen, won a contest to make the video for “Soy Yo,” which is off Bomba Estéreo’s 2015   album, “Amanecer. ” He didn’t intend to make a political statement. He was inspired by the message of the song  —   “about being yourself,” he said  —   and by a photo of his girlfriend from high school. “She had braces, red hair, this incredibly ugly track suit,” he said. “She just had something. ” He pictured “a story about her walking down the street, just emitting this   that rubs off on the viewer. ” He wanted to “paraphrase a   video,” so he headed to Brooklyn. (The video is shot in Williamsburg and Bushwick.) He held auditions over the summer that drew more than 100 young actors. “When I saw Sarai,” he said, “when she was waiting, the look on her face was just priceless. ” It was her first role, if you don’t count playing one of “The Three Little Pigs” in a school production. Mr. Kjelstrup had little trouble building out her character: short overalls, Crocs, big glasses and pigtail braids. That look, paired with Sarai’s attitude, was contagious. Immediately, thousands shared the video on social media many posted childhood photos. A woman who saw it in Montana, Alma Castillo, tweeted: “#Soyyo you have captured my infancia! Thank you for making me feel proud! #Latina” Melissa Zepeda, a student and barista in Austin, Tex. wrote on Instagram: “I wish this song and video was released when I was actually around this age, when I probably needed it the most. When I was too nerdy, too American, too fat, too Mexican. ” Jillian Báez, author of the forthcoming book “Consuming Latinas: Latina Audiences and Citizenship,” about how Latinas perceive media targeted toward them, said the response showed the therapeutic power of the video. “I absolutely think it can be recuperative for Latina audiences who may not have seen themselves when they were little girls. ” There have been startlingly few unconventional Latinas in popular culture. “Ugly Betty,” adapted from the Colombian telenovela “Yo Soy Betty, La Fea,” is virtually the only nerd Google “Latina girl nerds” or “Hispanic girl nerds” and the hits are for pornography. If Latinas are portrayed at all, said Isabel   author of “Dangerous Curves: Latina Bodies in the Media,” “the expectation is that they are going to be sexual, they are going to be spectacle. ” Sarai’s character is empowered, without any of that baggage. She drives off two snickering white girls by playing a recorder to the track of Andean panpipes. She confronts older boys, busting out dance moves learned from watching clips of Will Smith on “The Fresh Prince of  . ” If the video resonated most of all with Latinas, it may have been for this fluid blending of cultures, which came naturally to a little girl raised between them. “We would blast the music in our family room and my mom and dad would dance with me,” Sarai said. “It was pretty funny. ” Lately the family has a new ritual. At night, Sarai crawls into bed with her parents to look at the latest photos fans have posted. “I always cry,” her mother said. At Sarai’s age, Mrs. Gonzalez and her sister, recently arrived to the country from Peru, had to work in the Georgia tobacco fields with their parents. “I never saw myself on television,” she said. “I see myself finally on the big screen. And I don’t have to be a size 2 or have perfect skin or a certain color hair,” she added. “I can be myself. ” “This little girl is in every Latina woman,” said her husband. When her parents get emotional, Sarai tells them what to write. “Wow!! You look beautiful,” she wrote to the barista in Texas, who had never fit in. “Sarai sends a hug. ” Then she sent some hearts. Pink ones.",0
13420,"VIDEO : Neil Cavuto to Defeated Hillary Pundit, “You Look Sad and Depressed” – TruthFeed","VIDEO : Neil Cavuto to Defeated Hillary Pundit, “You Look Sad and Depressed” VIDEO : Neil Cavuto to Defeated Hillary Pundit, “You Look Sad and Depressed” Videos By Amy Moreno November 5, 2016 
The Hillary supporters see the writing on the wall. 
It’s the end of the big game, and Trump has the ball and is running the clock out. 
While he surges in the polls, Hillary and her supporting cast of dropkicks, like Obama, are SCREAMING at the crowds of people in what looks to be unhinged desperation. 
Hillary sounds like Howard Dean, screeching as if her political life depends on it, and Obama is lecturing voters, chastising them for not “LISTENING WHEN HE SPEAKS.” 
It’s a clown show. 
Neil points some of this out to his Hillary supporting guest, who appears very, very sad. 
Watch the video: DEPRESSION SETTING IN: Neil Cavuto to Clinton supporter, “You look sad, what’s the matter?” #SaturdayMorning pic.twitter.com/bs8oOUzlVH 
— Asa J  (@asamjulian) November 5, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
13421,"In Libel Suit, Melania Trump Cites Loss of Chance to Make Millions - The New York Times","A lawsuit filed by Melania Trump depicts her heightened profile as a “unique,     opportunity” to make millions of dollars in business, once again raising questions about the relationship between President Trump’s official role and his family’s business interests. Mrs. Trump’s suit, filed on Monday in a New York State court, accuses The Daily Mail, a British tabloid, of libel for reporting last year on claims that a modeling agency she worked for in the 1990s was also an escort service. The new complaint does not refer explicitly to the White House or Mr. Trump, or even her status as a candidate’s wife when the article was published and now as first lady. Instead, it refers to opportunities she had “to launch a   commercial brand in multiple product categories, each of which could have garnered multimillion dollar business relationships for a multiyear term during which plaintiff is one of the most photographed women in the world. ” Because of the Daily Mail article, it says, “plaintiff’s brand has lost significant value,” greatly reducing those opportunities. It claims $150 million in damages. A spokeswoman for Mrs. Trump said she was not trying to make money from her role as first lady. Mr. Trump has fended off criticism that his business dealings around the world create conflicts of interest in his official role, and he has put his adult sons in charge of his businesses rather than sell his assets or put them into a blind trust. On the day he took office, the White House altered its online biography of Mrs. Trump, after complaints that the original wording promoted her line of jewelry. The Daily Mail published its article on Mrs. Trump on Aug. 20, quoting from a report in a magazine in Slovenia, Mrs. Trump’s native country, and a book about her. She and her representatives have insisted that the claims it repeated are false. On Sept. 1, Mrs. Trump sued The Daily Mail in a state court in Montgomery County, Md. and on the same day, the tabloid published a retraction. Last week, the Maryland court dismissed the case, saying it did not have jurisdiction. The new case against Mail Media, a corporation that operates the Daily Mail’s website, was filed in State Supreme Court in Manhattan, where the company has offices. Mrs. Trump also sued a Maryland blogger, Webster Tarpley, who published claims like those cited by The Daily Mail. She settled that case on Tuesday, and her lawyer, Charles J. Harder, said in a statement that Mr. Tarpley had agreed to pay Mrs. Trump “a substantial sum as a settlement. ”",0
13422,Why Land and Homes Actually Tend to Be Disappointing Investments - The New York Times,"Buy land: They’re not making it anymore. That often repeated adage sounds like good financial advice. But over the long run, it hasn’t been. Despite solid price increases over the last few years, land and homes have actually been disappointing investments. It’s worth considering why. Let’s start by looking at the numbers. The best   data on land in the United States is for farmland, which is valuable in its own right and can also be considered a great reservoir that can be converted to housing and other purposes at opportune times. Over the century from 1915 to 2015, though, the real value of American farmland (deflated by the Consumer Price Index) increased only 3. 1 times, according to the Department of Agriculture. That comes to an average increase of only 1. 1 percent a year  —   and with a growing population, that’s barely enough to keep per capita real land value unchanged. According to my own data (relying on the    U. S. National Home Price Index, which I helped create) real home prices rose even more slowly over the same period  —   a total increase of 1. 8 times, which comes to an average of only 0. 6 percent a year. What all that amounts to is that neither farmland nor housing has been a great place to invest money over the long term. To put this in perspective, note that the real gross domestic product in the United States grew 15. 5 times  —   or, on average, 3. 2 percent a year  —   from 1929, the year official G. D. P. numbers began to be kept, to 2015. That’s a much higher growth rate than for real estate. But why? For home prices, a good part of the answer comes from supply and demand. As prices rise, companies build more houses and the supply floods the market, keeping prices down. The supply response to increasing demand may help explain why real home prices nationwide fell 35 percent from 2006 to 2012 (and even more in some cities). Investment in residential structures in the United States was at   levels as a percentage of G. D. P. just before the price declines. Prices have been rebounding since then  —   and so has construction of new houses. But it is true they aren’t making land anymore. And, in fact, farmland prices have done better than home prices over the last century as well as in the worst years for housing, the years bracketing the recent financial crisis. Real farm property values actually rose 21 percent over the full financial crisis, that is, between 2006 and 2012. For farmland, there was only a small 3 percent drop in real price from 2008 to 2009, which was quickly reversed. Don’t get too excited. They aren’t making land, but because of technological advances collectively called the Green Revolution, there has been something akin to a   supply increase. This   miracle in agricultural science greatly improved crop yields per acre. From the standpoint of farm output, there was no need for new land. This revolution involved the discovery by Fritz Haber of a cheap process to produce ammonia for fertilizer at the beginning of the century and the discovery of new   strains of wheat by Norman E. Borlaug at midcentury. Both men won Nobel Prizes for their work. These innovations permitted multiplication of yields per acre and very likely saved hundreds of millions of lives from starvation worldwide. The effects of this revolution are complicated. One might think that progress that improves yield per acre would put upward pressure on land prices. But that is not necessarily so, if it occurs globally and prevents food price increases that would otherwise earn farmers more revenue. What’s more, the food revolution may be accelerating with changes like   milk from genetically modified yeast and   meat from stem cells, eliminating the need for livestock and their pasture. This could have deleterious effects on farmland prices. Of course, underneath every home is a piece of land. Although that is typically only a bit of former farmland, it is often in an urban or suburban area, where a plot of land tends to cost much more than in the country. Sometimes that little piece of land dominates the value of the home, particularly in dense urban areas. But if we are to understand   trends, we need to realize what land represents, even in Manhattan or Silicon Valley or any booming area. People in such places usually aren’t buying land for its own sake but for the myriad services that housing provides. A home is not just a place to sleep and store clothing and keepsakes. It can be a place that is convenient to a stimulating place of work, good schools and entertainment and, indeed, part of an entire human community. These services have developed enormously over the last 100 years, changing the spatial and geographic dimensions of housing. There are vastly more highways and automobiles, telephones and various electronic connections, enabling people to leave center cities and still obtain the housing services they want. Thus, from a   perspective, these developments relieved a great deal of the upward pressure on home prices in cities. Right now, there are some interesting developments in the supply of housing services that economize even further on urban land. We have recently seen interest in “” which may be little more than 200 square feet but manage to squeeze in a kitchen, a bathroom and an entertainment center. For many people, this tiny space, with its proximity to   people, interesting neighborhoods and restaurants, is preferable to living in a house in a   suburb. Carrying this idea further, keepsakes can be kept in remote storage, maybe deliverable someday, on demand, with driverless cars. Already, rules are being changed in many cities, including New York, allowing the little apartments to be built and to accommodate many more people per acre of city land. These factors could lead to   future demands on valuable urban land. When you add all this together, the slow   pace of farmland and home price increases is not surprising. Nor would it be shocking if this trend continued for the next century, despite price surges over the last few years. A more extreme outcome is also quite plausible. In a hundred years, we might even see much of our former farmland converted back to wildlife preserves. In fact, it’s far from inconceivable that the real price of land could be even lower than it is right now.",0
13423,"New Report Blames Air Pollution For Deaths Of 600,000 Children Every Year","By Whitney Webb UNICEF found air pollution to be a major contributing factor in the deaths of nearly 600,000 under the age of five. Most recent environmental concerns regarding pollution have been... ",0
13424,Jeremy Corbyn Is Re-elected as Leader of Britain’s Labour Party - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   Jeremy Corbyn strengthened his grip on Britain’s opposition Labour Party on Saturday, beating back a challenge to his leadership by members of Parliament with increased support from the party’s rank and file. The results of the   leadership struggle were announced in Liverpool, in northwestern England, on the eve of the annual Labour Party conference. Mr. Corbyn, a      politician, won 61. 8 percent of the more than 500, 000 votes cast, up from the 59. 5 percent he won a year ago, when his victory shocked and divided the party. A revolt by Labour members of Parliament, who said they feared that Mr. Corbyn would lead the party to electoral disaster, came to nothing as their favored candidate, Owen Smith, won only 38. 2 percent of the vote. The result tightened Mr. Corbyn’s grip on the party and isolated many of its members of Parliament from a growing membership that is younger and more   drawn by Mr. Corbyn’s policies to reduce inequality, make Britain   and renationalize key areas of the economy, like the railways and energy. The party has almost tripled its membership to more than 500, 000, making it the largest political party in Western Europe, Mr. Corbyn said. But opinion polls regularly indicate that if an election were held tomorrow, Labour under Mr. Corbyn would suffer a historic defeat in the country as a whole. In a victory speech, Mr. Corbyn called for unity, said that more held “the Labour family” together than divided it and vowed that the party would win the next election under his leadership. Mr. Corbyn also promised forgiveness to the rebels, noting that many heated things are said in a campaign that are later regretted. “Let’s wipe that slate clean from today and get on with the work we have to do as a party together,” he said. There are concerns among the rebels in Parliament that Mr. Corbyn and his team will move against them. Electoral districts are to undergo boundary changes as the House of Commons shrinks from 650 members to 600, and Mr. Corbyn’s opponents fear the leadership team will use those changes to replace them with other candidates. Some of Mr. Corbyn’s allies have been pressing for “mandatory reselection” of all candidates in every district before another British election. Anticipating his victory before it was announced, Mr. Corbyn had issued a plea for unity. “Whatever the result, whatever the margin, we all have a duty to unite, cherish and build our movement,” he said. Mr. Corbyn and his allies see Labour as a socialist movement whose purpose is to change society. But most Labour members of Parliament, who regard Mr. Corbyn as a man of the     fringe, believe the best way to effect change is to win power in elections, which in Britain has meant moving toward the center, not farther to the left. They have also criticized Mr. Corbyn for poor organization and weak leadership, and have said Labour is not doing its job as an effective opposition to the governing Conservative Party. But after this resounding victory, Mr. Corbyn is highly unlikely to face another challenge before the next general election, which is due in May 2020. Labour members of Parliament who refused to serve in his shadow cabinet, or who resigned from it as part of the revolt, will be under pressure to join it, even if they sharply disagree with his policies. Tony Travers, a professor of government at the London School of Economics, said the Labour Party was “like a miserable, unhappy family trying to coexist. ” Labour’s home affairs spokesman, Andy Burnham, told BBC radio that while the party’s “war of attrition” must stop, Mr. Corbyn must also build more support among the general public, not just among Labour activists. “No one gets the right to take Labour down to a devastating defeat,” said Mr. Burnham, who is trying to avoid the party’s parliamentary problems by running for mayor of Manchester. Some Conservatives have urged the new British prime minister, Theresa May, who took over from David Cameron, to change the law to call an election sooner, in order to get her own mandate and take advantage of the divisions in Labour. But she has said there will be no early election. The former Labour foreign secretary David Miliband, a centrist narrowly beaten to the party leadership in 2010 by his more   brother, Ed, wrote in the New Statesman magazine this past week: “We have not been further from power since the 1930s. ”",0
13425,Virgil: Trump’s Nationalist Vision vs. the Gospel of Globalism,"First of Three Parts  …      1. The Trump Nationalist Vision, Ascendant  It’s an obvious fact: Donald Trump hasn’t even been sworn in as the 45th President, and yet, already, he’s setting the national agenda. Through Twitter, other social media, and the occasional public appearance, he’s still doing what he did throughout the presidential campaign —  dominating.  Only now, as he says, he’s doing it not for himself, but for the American people.     In recent weeks, Trump has struck   deals with Carrier and Ford.  Hence this revealing January 3 headline: “Chided by Trump, Ford scraps Mexico factory, adds Michigan jobs. ” He’s also announced a $50 billion, 50, 000 jobs deal with Japanese investor Masayoshi Son and has just touted a new   plan from Fiat Chrysler.  Yet at the same time, Trump is using sticks, as well as carrots.  He has made it clear that any company that takes jobs out the country will be lambasted for doing so.  As he said in his January 11 press conference,  The word is now out, that when you want to move your plant to Mexico or some other place, and you want to fire all of your workers from Michigan and Ohio . . . it’s not going to happen that way anymore. And in that same press conference, he went after the pharmaceutical companies for charging too much.  And he had a   solution: “What we have to do is create new bidding procedures for the drug industry, because they’re getting away with murder. ” And of course, he has chastised defense contractors Boeing and Lockheed, which he believes have been asking too much from the taxpayers. The result of this “tweet therapy” has been an overhaul of thinking in Corporate America.  Surveying Trump’s new style of presidential bully pulpiteering, Reuters concludes, “Corporate leaders . . . can no longer focus only on maximizing shareholder value they must now also weigh national interest. ” Yes, that’s correct: American business executives are now getting a crash course in economic patriotism they can no longer act as if they aren’t citizens of this country —  or that other US citizens don’t matter.  Because of Trump, they must now take into account the overall strength and   of the nation in which they reside.   And here’s the interesting thing: Trump’s     activism is also proving to be  .  It’s a win for all three sectors call it a national   .  And it only makes sense: If there are more American workers with big paychecks buying things and paying their fair share of taxes, that’s good both for American business and for Uncle Sam’s budget.  Indeed, according to the National Federation of Independent Business, small business optimism has “skyrocketed,” and consumer confidence is also up meanwhile, the dollar is up, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average has gained 2000 points since the election.  So it’s fully evident that the American economy is responding positively to Trump as   .  And President Trump will be joined in his administration, of course, by a slew of other successful dealmakers.   Yes, it’s interesting to think back on the old ways of the federal government, the   ways.  That is, the feds have been interventionist on so many matters for so long, and yet they were  almost entirely   when it came to good jobs and wages corporations were free to come and go —  mostly, go.  The message to employers was, in effect, Do whatever you want to your    workers, but you must, at all costs, protect wetlands, spotted owls, and the feelings of “protected victims” and their free choice of bathrooms.  Thankfully, that strange and unfair policy choice by Uncle Sam —  to ignore the interests of the broad middle class while catering to ever more     —  seems to be coming to an end.   So it’s possible, perhaps even likely, that under President Trump we will once again become a nation for all Americans —  even Middle Americans.  We could yet be the “city on a hill” that Ronald Reagan so eloquent described.  That is, a true   “Team America,” united in its determination to work hard and do well, with US citizens coming first.  As Trump said in his press conference on Wednesday, his victory was “a movement like the world has never seen before . . . that was a beautiful thing on November 8. ” 2. The Old Globalist Vision, Descendant  Of course, not everyone thinks that what happened on Election Day 2016 was a beautiful thing, because they have been living their lives according to a vision much different than Trump’s economic nationalism. Let’s get specific.  We can start with Barack Obama for the last eight years, as we know, Obama never worried much about the middle class, or, for that matter, about America.  Instead, his eyes were on a different prize: the vision of a relentlessly globalized world, in which the US would fit in . . . somewhere.  Here’s how the 44th president expressed himself in his first inaugural address, back in 2009:  As the world grows smaller, our common humanity shall reveal itself and that America must play its role in ushering in a new era of peace.   That might be a nice thought to have in some academic ivory tower, but in the real world, there’s precious little evidence that the polyglot peoples of the planet agree on much of anything, let alone how to usher in a new era of peace.  Heck, even Obama, having received a Nobel Peace Prize for making nice speeches, immediately escalated that forlorn war in Afghanistan.  Yet still, in his dogmatically ideological mind,  he was determined to shrink American power so that it would “play its role” in this new global order.  And so in April 2009, the president was at pains to deny that “American exceptionalism” was anything worth taking note of, let alone being proud of.   Instead, he snarked that “American exceptionalism” was an illusion, because all countries see themselves as exceptional.  Obama’s dismissiveness inspired one reporter to observe,  If all countries are “exceptional,” then none are, and to claim otherwise robs the word, and the idea of American exceptionalism, of any meaning. And yet again, Obama’s comments made perfect sense, if we see that his goal was to cubbyhole the United States as just another country on the world stage, somewhere between Uganda and Uzbekistan.  So of course, Obama devoted his first few months in office to a worldwide “apology tour,” although many say that it lasted, really, for his entire eight years in the White House.  John Fonte, a conservative critic of globalism at the Hudson Institute, calls this ideology “transnational progressivism,” and it certainly defines the progressive worldview. Indeed, if we dig deeper, we can see that globalism is, in fact, a kind of religion. Everyone has heard, whether they wanted to or not, that 1971 John Lennon song, “Imagine,” including these   lyrics:   Imagine there’s no countriesIt isn’t hard to doNothing to kill or die forAnd no religion, too. This “Lennonism,” to be sure, is shared by many around the world.  Thus it’s little wonder that Obama made common cause with other globalists, including former British prime minister David Cameron, German chancellor Angela Merkel, and European Union chief   Juncker.  These are the people who presided over the creation, or the elevation, of various murky transnational enterprises, including the United Nations, the European Union, the Paris Climate Change Agreement, and the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, aka, the Iran nuclear deal.  The common thread running through all these bureaucratic contraptions is the   “democracy deficit. ”  That is, in the mind of the elite, the fewer real people, including in the US, who get to vote on, or otherwise scrutinize, the doings of these bureaucracies, the better.    Indeed, it’s also best, the elite thinks, if people never even learn the truth about what’s being done in their name.  We can cite, for example, the issue of refugees.  To globalists, it’s a point of honor to accept refugees, even with the prospect of subsidizing forever, in unassimilated dependency.  So we can readily see that Germany’s Merkel is, in the globalist   hierarchy, the most “honorable. ”  Yet, as we know, the Obama administration has done its best to keep up.  And if these   programs aren’t popular with the public, well, the standard elite instinct is to mislead and deceive.  In the mind of these deceivers, it’s all for the greater good because the ideal of the sacred “global village” is never better off if the “deplorables” get to decide anything.   It’s been well documented that the US government has been hiding the truth about the crimes of refugees, the health of refugees, and even the actual number of refugees.  Is anyone in the Obama administration the least bit apologetic for these dishonest abuses?  Of course not.  And yet, of course, in light of the recent election results, in which   globalism was decisively rejected, we have to ask: Did the elite really think that they would get away with it?  Did they really think that people wouldn’t notice what has been happening to their communities and neighborhoods?  The answer seems to be, “Yes” —  the Obamans truly believed that they could get way with it.  They thought that Trump would be buried by a blue demographic wave in 2016, and that Hillary Clinton would be continuing their favored globalist policies in 2017.  To which we can say: Perhaps the elite aren’t as smart as they think they are.  And yet, of course, even after being booted out of power, the Obama globalists will enjoy a soft landing: Many of them will soon be working for some George   think tank, or pressure group.  And from those cushy perches, they will be able to keep up their “resistance” to Trump (more on this in the next two installments). Now we cite a second sacred item on the globalist agenda: international free trade.  And here we see, once again, that elite thinking on globalism has a way of turning a theory into a transcendentally moral first principle.  And it’s been this way for a long time.   Back in 1846, the leading British free trader Richard Cobden declared,   that free trade would save the world:  I see in the   principle that which shall act on the moral world as the principle of gravitation in the universe —  drawing men together, thrusting aside the antagonism of race, and creed, and language, and uniting us in the bonds of eternal peace. Cobden was a capitalist, and capitalists are often   but, as we can see, there’s a dreamy, even giddy, utopianism in Cobden’s thinking.  And amazingly, it won the battle of public opinion in   Britain.  Interestingly, one contemporary of Cobden’s —  who was much   and decidedly not a capitalist —  nevertheless endorsed the same idea.  That would be Karl Marx, the founder of communism.  As a theoretical prognosticator, Marx may have had a mistaken view of what communism would become in the future, and yet, nevertheless, he was a shrewd observer of current events.   Marx could see that unchecked and unbalanced   capitalism would quickly pulverize cultures, traditions, even whole nations in an endless gale of creative destruction.  That is, individuals might be better off in some material ways, but, as a community, they would be atomized and unhinged.  In the meantime, Marx continued, left to their own devices, untrammeled free markets would  concentrate most of the wealth in the hands of speculators and other financialists.  And so a result, Marx concluded, the masses, in their vexation, would be ready to experiment with socialism and then communism.   With that   Red scenario in mind, Marx declared in a famous 1848 speech, “Gentlemen, I am in favor of free trade. ” Yet today, the most ardent proponents of free trade aren’t   communists they are   globalists, and they are achingly sincere.  Some might be Democrats, some might be Republicans, some might think of themselves as liberal, some might identify as conservatives.  Yet what unites them all is a vision of a borderless world, with minimal restrictions on exports and imports.  (And, of course, minimal restrictions on the transit, also, of people.)  To be sure, some globalists, such as the EU’s   Juncker, have turned globalism into a profitable ideology for years now, Juncker has been in the middle of efforts by his home country, Luxembourg, to become the world’s most   tax haven.  So yes, there’s plenty of   in globalism.   And yet at the same time, there’s more than that —  much more. 3. The Gospel of Globalism, Indeed, this globalist faith is so strong that one can fairly conclude that it’s more than an ideology —  it must be a kind of theology.   As writer Fay Voshell suggested last September in American Thinker, globalism, for many, is a kind of transmuted Christianity. That is, globalism is a new kind of faith:   Replacing the beatific vision of Christianity is a new universal . . . an order in which human beings’ allegiance is to a global City of Men ruled by elite priests who act as gods for the masses.  Preachers of the globalist vision present an ersatz kingdom . . . The religion of globalism sees an earthly, utopian world order in which all men pay allegiance to elite priests who rule over a World City without national borders.  Sometimes the substitute beatific vision is expressed in terms of a “global village,” a mystical entity that takes the place of the family of God.  The globalists’ family of humanity is without distinction of country, tribe or creed. Those last words, “without distinction of country, tribe or creed,” take us right back to where we started —  with John Lennon’s “Imagine. ”  For the globalists, this vision is so powerful that it’s easy to see how they  would be inspired to do exactly what they have done: open their borders, impose political correctness on their people, and transform their societies through vast   schemes.  Indeed, as we have seen, globalist political leaders are so committed to their beliefs that they  are even willing to risk losing elections, sacrificing their careers on the altar of their faith.  And that’s just what happened with the Brexit vote in June, which not only put Britain on a course to leave the European Union, but also cost David Cameron his high office at Number 10 Downing Street.  And here in the US in November, the same thing happened to Hillary Clinton —  and to Barack Obama’s legacy.  Given the passionate depths of globalist sentiments, it’s little wonder that the elites took those defeats with bitter dismay.   In the United Kingdom, for example, the beginning of the angry globalist response was to put a permanent hex on the leader of Brexit, Nigel Farage.   And oh yes, you might have noticed: Here in the US, the elite is just as angry at Trump.  In the globalist mind, Farage and Trump aren’t just enemies, they are heretics.  Maybe even, in a   sense, they are  .   So while Farage and Trump have won their respective political victories, the full fury of the elite has yet to be felt.   Next: The Deep State Divebombs Trump. ",0
13426,"Omar Mateen Told Police He’d Strap Bombs to Hostages, Orlando Mayor Says - The New York Times","ORLANDO, Fla.  —   Amid the massacre at a gay nightclub here, while the gunman held dozens of people hostage, the police got word from multiple sources that the killer had   himself, hostages and the building with explosives, Orlando’s mayor said on Wednesday. Holed up in Pulse nightclub early Sunday, the gunman, Omar Mateen, told the police by phone that he would strap explosives to four hostages and place them strategically in the corners of the building, Mayor Buddy Dyer told reporters. People trapped inside made panicked calls and text messages to 911 operators, friends and family members, also warning that Mr. Mateen was talking about bombs, he said. “We had a lot of information from the inside and they independently were saying yes, the bomber is about to put on an explosive vest,” Mr. Dyer said. So far, investigators have not found any evidence that Mr. Mateen, 29, had explosives, senior law enforcement officials said Wednesday. His rampage with an assault rifle and a handgun left 49 people dead and 53 wounded, the worst mass shooting in United States history, and he died in a shootout with law enforcement officers. Investigators continued looking into whether his wife, Noor Zahi Salman, knew what he had planned, but at a news conference, officials deflected questions about possible criminal charges against her. “I’m not going to speculate with respect to any charges that might be brought,” said A. Lee Bentley III, the United States attorney for the Middle District of Florida. “We’re not sure what charges will be brought, or if charges will be brought. ” Ms. Salman has told F. B. I. investigators that she had tried to talk her husband out of some kind of attack, according to senior law enforcement officials. But she also told them that she had gone with him to buy ammunition, and that she had once driven him to Pulse, they said. Ronald Hopper, an assistant agent in charge of the F. B. I. ’s Tampa office, urged patience with investigators, who he noted were still analyzing a complex crime scene. He also appealed for the public’s help in retracing Mr. Mateen’s movements, as investigators scour his past for motives or possible accomplices. Efforts to parse Mr. Mateen’s motivation have revealed strands of Islamist radicalism, bigotry, mental illness and even    —   one possibility being investigated was that he was gay. Mr. Mateen had expressed hatred of gays and made contradictory claims of links to terrorist groups. His former wife has said he abused her. In talking with the police on Sunday, he pledged allegiance to the Islamic State. News 13, a local cable news channel, reported that the gunman also called the station during the siege and declared his allegiance to the group. Mr. Dyer confirmed reports that Mr. Mateen had been driving around the night of the slaughter, visiting locations, possibly casing potential targets for an attack. But Mr. Hopper said investigators believed that Pulse was the gunman’s intended target. One woman who escaped the nightclub unharmed said Wednesday that she was angry that, after an initial exchange of gunfire with Mr. Mateen, police officers pulled back and settled into a standoff, rather than quickly forcing a confrontation. “By the time I came out and came around I told the officers that he’s already shot at least a hundred rounds, and I told the officers on my way out that there was already at least 20 people that were dead,” said the woman, Jeannette McCoy, 37, of Orlando. “I wanted this guy dead,” she said, but instead, “they gave him so much time. And I’m yelling at the officers like, ‘This is what my tax dollars go to? You’re supposed to be there to protect and serve.’ You can’t tell me this occurred at 2 o’clock in the morning and finally at 5 o’clock in the morning is when you finally decide to go ahead and shoot him?” On Wednesday, signs, flowers, balloons, candles and beaded necklaces dotted the area, some with inscriptions for loved ones lost. In front of the Fire Department’s Engine No. 5 firehouse, less than 150 feet from Pulse on Orange Avenue, dozens of American flags were planted in the grass. Law enforcement agencies shrank the cordon around the nightclub, allowing access to several blocks most businesses in the area remained closed Wednesday, although a Chipotle restaurant reopened. Across the street, an Ace Hardware store was open this week, supplying water and   fans to officers, but traffic has been sparse. “We usually get about 450 to 600 customers per day, but we’ve only pulled in about 300 over the last three days,” said Mike Williams, an assistant manager. The immediate area around the club remained   with mobile command posts parked nearby and F. B. I. agents combing through the crime scene. Several cars that were abandoned in Pulse’s parking lot on Sunday still had not been removed. The possibility that Mr. Mateen might have had bombs sheds some light on the decision by police commanders to storm the building Sunday morning, breaching an outer wall with explosives and an armored vehicle. John Mina, Orlando’s police chief, has said that they had reason to believe they were facing an “imminent loss of life,” but he did not offer details. Survivors of the siege said they were searched by the police when they escaped the club or were rescued, to make sure they did not have explosives or guns on them. The threat of explosives also accounts for the delay of several hours before the building was cleared and bodies removed, “because all indications were that it was ” Mr. Dyer said. “When the shooter was killed, you could see a battery pack right next to him, which would indicate to us that there’s a detonator of some sort,” he said. “There was also a bag near his body, so you would logically lead to the conclusion that the bag contained explosives and he had some type of detonator that could have been a pressure detonator that was under the body. ” Officials in Florida have been reluctant to discuss Mr. Mateen’s academic career, including his stint at an alternative school. But on Wednesday, TCPalm. com, a local news site, published excerpts from his elementary and middle school records that depicted him as a troubled student. “The main factor prohibiting Omar from success in school is not that the work is too hard, but rather his difficulties in conforming to   rules,” one document, addressed to Mr. Mateen’s father, said. According to the website, which did not say how it had obtained the documents, Mr. Mateen “talked frequently of violence and obscenities” as a child and was the subject of 31 disciplinary actions from 1992 to 1999.",0
13427,U.S. Wary of Its New Neighbor in Djibouti: A Chinese Naval Base - The New York Times,"DJIBOUTI  —   The two countries keep dozens of intercontinental nuclear missiles pointed at each other’s cities. Their frigates and fighter jets occasionally face off in the contested waters of the South China Sea. With no shared border, China and the United States mostly circle each other from afar, relying on satellites and cybersnooping to peek inside the workings of each other’s war machines. But the two strategic rivals are about to become neighbors in this   patch of East African desert. China is constructing its first overseas military base here  —   just a few miles from Camp Lemonnier, one of the Pentagon’s largest and most important foreign installations. With increasing tensions over China’s   efforts in the South China Sea, American strategists worry that a naval port so close to Camp Lemonnier could provide a   seat to the staging ground for American counterterror operations in the Arabian Peninsula and North Africa. “It’s like having a rival football team using an adjacent practice field,” said Gabriel Collins, an expert on the Chinese military and a founder of the analysis portal China SignPost. “They can scope out some of your plays. On the other hand, the scouting opportunity goes both ways. ” Established after the terror attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, Camp Lemonnier is home to 4, 000 personnel. Some are involved in highly secretive missions, including targeted drone killings in the Middle East and the Horn of Africa, and the raid last month in Yemen that left a member of the Navy SEALs dead. The base, which is run by the Navy and abuts Djibouti’s international airport, is the only permanent American military installation in Africa. Beyond surveillance concerns, United States officials, citing the billions of dollars in Chinese loans to Djibouti’s heavily indebted government, wonder about the   durability of an alliance that has served Washington well in its global fight against Islamic extremism. Just as important, experts say, the base’s construction is a milestone marking Beijing’s expanding global ambitions  —   with potential implications for America’s longstanding military dominance. “It’s a huge strategic development,” said Peter Dutton, professor of strategic studies at the Naval War College in Rhode Island, who has studied satellite imagery of the construction. “It’s naval power expansion for protecting commerce and China’s regional interests in the Horn of Africa,” Professor Dutton said. “This is what expansionary powers do. China has learned lessons from Britain of 200 years ago. ” Chinese officials play down the significance of the base, saying it will largely support antipiracy operations that have helped quell the threat to international shipping once posed by marauding Somalis. “The support facility will be mainly used to provide rest and rehabilitation for the Chinese troops taking part in escort missions in the Gulf of Aden and waters off Somalia, U. N. peacekeeping and humanitarian rescue,” the Defense Ministry in Beijing said in a written reply to questions. In addition to having 2, 400 peacekeepers in Africa, China has used its vessels to escort more than 6, 000 boats from many countries through the Gulf of Aden, the ministry said. China’s military has also evacuated its citizens caught in the world’s trouble spots. In 2011, the military plucked 35, 000 from Libya, and 600 from Yemen in 2015. As China’s navy has assumed these new roles far from home, its commanders have struggled to maintain vessels and resupply them with food and fuel. Capt. Liu Jianzhong, a former political commissar of a Chinese destroyer plying the Gulf of Aden, said the lack of a dedicated port in the region took a toll on personnel forced to spend long stretches at sea. “For six months, we didn’t reach the shore, and a lot of sailors had physical and psychological problems,” he told the   China Military Online. To that end, the new base will include a gym, the ministry said. Professor Dutton said Beijing would most likely try to “acclimatize” the world by using the facility for commercial purposes when it begins operating this year and then gradually increase the number and variety of warships that dock there. “It will be relatively incremental in the forward deployment of naval power. You are not going to see a Yokosuka,” he said, referring to the base for the United States Seventh Fleet in Japan. In its written answers, the ministry said that China was not budging from its “defensive” military policy and that the base did not indicate an “arms race or military expansion. ” In recent years, China has moved aggressively to increase its power projection capabilities through the rapid modernization of its navy. Military spending has soared, with Beijing’s defense budget expected to reach $233 billion by 2020, more than all Western European countries combined, and double the figure from 2010, according to Jane’s Defense Weekly. In 2016, the United States spent more than $622 billion on the military, Jane’s said. These days, Chinese naval vessels, including nuclear submarines, roam much of the globe, from contested waters of the Yellow Sea to Sri Lanka and San Diego. China’s decision to establish an overseas military installation comes as little surprise to those who have watched Beijing steadily jettison a   principle of noninterference in the affairs of other countries. The shift is an outgrowth of China’s evolution from an impoverished slumbering introvert to   mercantilist with economic interests across the globe. Half of China’s oil imports sail through the Mandeb Strait, the choke point off Djibouti that connects the Mediterranean Sea and the Indian Ocean. Across Africa,   companies are investing tens of billions of dollars in railways, factories and mines. And the millions of Chinese citizens who live and work overseas have come to expect that the government will look out for their interests  —   a point driven home in recent years when Beijing was forced to rescue Chinese nationals from   Libya and Yemen. “The facility in Djibouti is a very interesting lens through which to view China’s growing capabilities and ambitions,” said Andrew S. Erickson, an expert at China’s maritime transformation at the  Naval War College and the editor of the book “Chinese Naval Shipbuilding. ” “Not only will it give them a huge shot in the arm in terms of naval logistics, but it will also strengthen China’s image at home and abroad. ” A   encampment built adjacent to a new   commercial port, the   base is designed to house up to several thousand troops and will include storage structures for weapons, repair facilities for ships and helicopters, and five berths for commercial ships and one for military vessels. At the base’s front gate recently, Chinese workers in construction helmets waved away a reporter who tried to ask questions. China’s Defense Ministry declined a request to tour the site. American officials say they were blindsided by Djibouti’s decision, announced last year, to give China a   lease for the land. Just two years earlier, Susan Rice, the national security adviser under President Barack Obama, had flown here to head off a similar arrangement with Russia. Shortly afterward, the White House announced a   lease renewal that doubled its annual payments for Camp Lemonnier, to $63 million, and a plan to invest more than $1 billion to upgrade the installation. If the Pentagon’s current base restrictions are any guide, American and Chinese troops are unlikely to be sharing beers any time soon. American officials, citing possible security threats, keep most personnel confined to the   rectangle of scrubland, which is a   drive from the center of Djibouti city. It is a policy that stirs some discontent among those who often spend yearlong stints at Camp Lemonnier without venturing outside. By contrast, French military personnel can often be seen jogging through the city and socializing with locals. Americans who work for the United States Embassy also live in the community and say they feel little threat to their safety. Life on base can be monotonous, broken up by visits to the fitness center or meals at the camp’s Subway sandwich outlet. Capt. James Black, the camp’s commanding officer, said one of his primary challenges was to provide salubrious distractions for those stationed here. The distractions include free   a movie theater, Texas Hold ’em tournaments and the occasional soccer match with Italian and German troops. “We’re like a landlocked aircraft carrier,” Captain Black said during a recent tour of the installation, which is blasted in summer by broiling heat. “Part of my job is to create opportunities to give people a break and attend to their mental health needs. ” Local residents also crave more face time with the Americans. Some say Camp Lemonnier personnel could play a more active role in helping to alleviate Djibouti’s crushing poverty by building schools, painting hospitals or simply taking part in language exchanges. Others, like Mohamed Ali Basha, the owner of a   restaurant that serves grilled fish and massive discs of baked flatbread, said he would welcome business from military personnel. “I don’t understand why the Americans are so obsessed with security here, but I would be happy to close the restaurant for them if they would come,” Mr. Basha, 26, said. “Just call in advance. ” In interviews, Djiboutian officials expressed little concern that two strategic adversaries would be sharing space in a country the size of New Jersey. It helps that the Chinese are paying $20 million a year in rent on top of the billions they are spending to finance critical infrastructure, including ports and airports, a new rail line and a pipeline that will bring desperately needed drinking water from neighboring Ethiopia. Critics say the surge of loans, which amount to 60 percent of the country’s gross domestic product, raises concerns about China’s leverage over the Djibouti government should it fall behind on debt payments. “Such generous credit is itself a form of control,” said Mohamed Daoud Chehem, a prominent government critic. “We don’t know what China’s intentions really are. ” But on the city’s dusty, potholed streets, most people are pleased to see China joining the club of a   foreign militaries that have a presence here, among them Japan, Italy and Britain. Also here is a large contingent of French soldiers who stayed on after 1977, when the colony formerly known as French Somaliland gained independence. Abdirahman M. Ahmed, who runs Green Djibouti International, an environmental social enterprise, said many people viewed foreign militaries as a stabilizing force, given their country’s diminutive size, its lack of resources and the potential threats from neighbors like Ethiopia, Somalia and Eritrea, where expansionist sentiments continue to burble. “We don’t see any problem having the Chinese here,” he said. “They provide revenue and help play a deterrence to those who would love to annex Djibouti. ” The plethora of foreign troops, some say, also served as a bulwark against the jihadist violence that has destabilized other countries in the region. Djibouti, whose population of 900, 000 embraces a moderate form of Sunni Islam, has not been entirely spared: In 2014, a double suicide bombing at a downtown restaurant popular with foreigners killed a Turkish national and wounded 11 people. The Shabab, the   militant group, later claimed responsibility, saying the attack was motivated by the presence of so many Western troops in Djibouti. For American military strategists, the security implications of the Chinese base are unclear, though practically speaking, many experts say the military threat is minimal. “A port like this isn’t very defensible against attack,” said Philip C. Saunders, director of the Center for the Study of Chinese Military Affairs at the National Defense University. “It wouldn’t last very long in a war. ”",0
13428,ZuckerNazi gets Trumphole elected by promoting fake news echo chamber,"Topics: 2016 Presidential Election , trumphole , Mark Zuckerberg Friday, 11 November 2016 Don't blame me I made plenty of money out of the election as ZuckerNazi arrongantly dismisses his social responsiblity 
After the election result was a complete shock to decent Americans it has come to light it was Zuckerbergs GREED that got the Trumphole elected. 
Everyone knows how the new Emperor manipulated the media space with constant lies and trump eting fake news stories that whipped normally sensible people into emotional frenzies completely lacking any factual basis. 
Emperor Trumpholes back room spinners are said to be rolling on the floor in laughter. ""What a bunch of suckers"" they chortled. ""All we had to do was seed facetube with a whole lot of crap and then watch it become 'fact'. The emperor would then spruke it in his next rally and we were able to completely fabricate reality for most Americans"". 
Social commentators are collectively in outrage this morning as the ZuckerNazi denies it was his fault. I don't understand the problem he screamed at reporters, ""I made plenty of money out of the election, whats the problem? The fact that democracy and decency were collateral damage isn't my problem"". 
Some where outraged that despite 40% of the news (none of it validated) drove the Trumpholes victory he is essentially dismissing any complicity. ""Americans are essentially stupid and will believe any hate laden crap, if it wasn't me it would be someone else, so better i make the money than another guy, thats what makes us america great"", he laughed. 
When asked why he didn't use editors to check fake news stories he laughed and replied, ""we tried that but it cost me money and decreased profits so i canned it, after all clickbaiting is great for profit"". Make Jung in the Jungle's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
13429,"As ‘The Apprentice’ Returns to TV, Trump Stands to Profit - The New York Times","  Donald J. Trump may have leapt from   success to the highest echelons of political power. But that does not mean he is ready to give up the   part just yet. Although Mr. Trump is not starring in NBC’s coming season of “The New Celebrity Apprentice,” the   is still involved: Mr. Trump will be credited as one of the show’s executive producers, a spokeswoman for Mark Burnett, the creator of the “Apprentice” franchise, said on Thursday. MGM, Mr. Burnett’s studio, declined to comment on what the   would be paid for his participation in the new season, which will feature Arnold Schwarzenegger as the show’s   businessman. But in the past, Mr. Trump has held as much as a 50 percent stake in “The Apprentice,” and received payments from the show’s international editions and a   version that starred Martha Stewart. “Mr. Trump has a big stake in the show and conceived of it with Mark Burnett,” Hope Hicks, the  ’s spokeswoman, said on Thursday. Ms. Hicks confirmed that she was referring to a financial stake. For an incoming president whose business holdings have already drawn ethical scrutiny, Mr. Trump’s continuing involvement with “The Apprentice” could spawn a new round of questions about conflicts of interest. For NBC, which nurtured Mr. Trump’s celebrity until he left the show in 2015 to pursue a presidential bid, the fact that the   stands to profit from the program could raise concerns about how a politically polarized audience may react to one of its biggest   shows. Mr. Schwarzenegger’s first episode airs on Jan. 2, and major companies, including Trident gum, Welch’s, and Carnival Cruise Line, have signed on as sponsors. NBC declined to comment on Mr. Trump’s producing credit, which was first reported by Variety. Mr. Trump, for months, has shown a keen interest in how Mr. Schwarzenegger, a former governor of California, bodybuilder and actor, might perform as host, asking friends and even campaign crowds, “How do you think Arnold’s going to do?” During an interview in May about his history with “The Apprentice,” Mr. Trump made clear that he remained invested in the program, emotionally and otherwise. “You know I have a big chunk of that show, going forever,” Mr. Trump said. “Mark and I did it together. We were   partners. ” The   and Mr. Burnett are on good terms, even though the producer issued a statement in October denouncing Mr. Trump’s candidacy, referring to “the hatred, division and misogyny that has been a very unfortunate part of his campaign. ” This week, Mr. Burnett met privately with Mr. Trump and suggested ideas for his inauguration, including a helicopter ride from New York to Washington and a parade on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. During the interview in May, Mr. Trump said that he had not spoken to Mr. Schwarzenegger about the program. “I don’t know how he is going to do,” Mr. Trump said, “but I hope he does well. ” “We tried to do it with Martha Stewart,” Mr. Trump added, “and that didn’t get the ratings, to put it mildly. ”",0
13430,Hook Up Sites Tinder and Grindr Good For Population Control,"Home | Health | Hook Up Sites Tinder and Grindr Good For Population Control Hook Up Sites Tinder and Grindr Good For Population Control By Girolamo Fracastoro 30/10/2016 22:17:24 
LONDON – England – News that there has been a massive spike in syphilis amongst users of Tinder and Grindr is welcome news to many who are seriously concerned with over population. 

Because syphilis can stay mainly undetected if untreated it can remain latent in the body for years. In the late stages of syphilis, the disease damages the internal organs, including the brain, nerves, eyes, heart, blood vessels, liver, bones and joints leading to early death. 
Antibiotics are increasingly becoming redundant due to overuse and the WHO has warned of a coming cataclysmic disaster where many ailments are untreatable due to resistance. 
“These people are spreading STIs around like candy and soon their diseases will not be treatable. It works both ways, deaths from syphilis and gonorrhoea will eventually cull these populations thinning the herd,” a clinical insider revealed. 
What about HIV? Unfortunately it has not had the effect in population reduction that was needed. Although it is still prevalent amongst the gay population, it needs to make more in roads into the heterosexual population to become effective in reducing the population numbers. 
Since the discovery of HIV/AIDS it has only killed 36 million, considering the global population is 7.5 billion and growing, it’s a drop in the ocean. 
We must therefore encourage more sites like Tinder and Grindr, the more the better. These sites peddle death to the stupid, and less stupid people on earth can only be a very good thing. 
App developers need to make in roads in creating more hookup apps tailored not only for the developed world but for the third world, especially nations like China and India as well as the African continent, where population growth is beyond unsustainable. 
Once STDs like syphilis explode in these regions, which are wholly untreatable, they will continue to spread like wildfire. 
The creators of Tinder and Grindr should be commended for their great works, you have fired the starting gun in the race to reduce the global population before it is too late. Promiscuous risky sexual encounters should be encouraged at all junctures to spread STIs. 
Finite resources are being permanently depleted daily, and it is only a matter of time before the Malthusian nightmare is upon us. Estimated projections for global population growth are 11.2 billion by 2023 according to the UN. 
This cannot be allowed to happen, so please go on Tinder and Grindr now, and do your bit. You can catch chlamydia, genital warts, HIV, syphilis and gonorrhoea, maybe all at the same time. Share on :",0
13431,"Trump Tells GOP Rally In Jerusalem He’ll ‘Make Israel, U.S. Safe Again’","Breitbart – by Deborah Danan 
TEL AVIV – Donald Trump told a Republican rally in Jerusalem on Wednesday that he loves Judaism and will work to make “America and Israel safe again.” 
“I love Israel and honor and respect the Jewish tradition and it’s important we have a president who feels the same way,” Trump said in a video message via satellite to several hundred Israelis and Americans who had gathered for the event. 
“My administration will stand side-by-side with the Jewish people and Israel’s leaders to continue strengthening the bridges that connect not only Jewish-Americans and Israelis, but also all Americans and Israelis,” Trump said. 
“Together we will stand up to enemies, like Iran, bent on destroying Israel and her people, together we will make America and Israel safe again,” he added. 
The event, organized by Republicans Overseas Israel on the rooftop of a restaurant overlooking the Old City of Jerusalem, was titled “Jerusalem Forever,” in protest of the recent UNESCO resolutions that erased Jewish and Christian connections to the holy city. 
Last week, Trump slammed the resolution as a “one-sided attempt to ignore Israel’s 3,000-year bond to its capital city” and “further evidence of the enormous anti-Israel bias” at the United Nations. 
Trump’s running mate Mike Pence also addressed the event via video, saying that Jerusalem is “the eternal undivided capital of the Jewish people and the Jewish state.” 
“Donald Trump and I stand with Israel because Israel’s fight is our fight, because Israel’s cause is our cause,” he said. “Israel is our most cherished ally.” Pence added that he and Trump “understand that Israel is not hated by her enemies for what she does wrong but rather for what she does right.” 
“Like the U.S., Israel is hated by terrorists and the failed states that support them. She is hated by too many progressives, because she is successful and her people are free,” he said. 
Pence also said Israel’s military defends the Jewish state with “decency, humanity and restraint.” 
Trump’s adviser on Israel affairs, David Friedman, came to Israel for the event. He promised the crowd that if Trump were elected he would treat Israel very differently than the Obama administration. 
He added that Trump would make good on his promise to move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. 
“Under a Trump administration there is going to be no daylight between the U.S. and the State of Israel,” he said. “If there are disagreements they will be handled in private as is done between close friends.” 
According to Friedman, some 80 percent of registered U.S. voters in Israel are expected to vote for Trump. 
Many of the Trump supporters at the rally were sporting red “Make America Great Again” hats and said they believed he was the most pro-Israel candidate to lead America. 
“I’m here today to show support for Donald Trump as he is standing with us, supporting us here in Israel,” the Times of Israel quoted Reuven Ashenberg saying. Ashenberg, originally from Teaneck, New Jersey, now runs the Republican party’s campaign in Beit Shemesh. 
“He’s the only candidate that’s pro-Israel and we need to show him our support as we’re rallying around the right choice, to help ‘Make America Great Again,’ and thereby helping Israel become great again as well,” Ashenberg said. 
Abe Marks, who hails from New York and now lives in Jerusalem, said his biggest concern about Hillary Clinton would be who she appoints to the Supreme Court. Her choices “will be destructive to American freedoms and the American way of life.” 
Marks admitted that while he was not completely “enamored” by Trump, he likes that “he’s not part of the big boys’ club.” Clinton, Marks said, was “under the thumb of the New World Order” and as such he’s “very, very scared of her.” 
Marks added that, most crucially, Trump will fulfill his campaign pledge to relocate the American embassy to Jerusalem. 
“They all promise it, but he will actually do it. He has nothing holding him back,” he said.",0
13432,Texas Sheriff Actively Promoting Visas for Illegal Immigrants,"A Texas sheriff is actively promoting visas to the illegal immigrant community. The sheriff is preparing pamphlets advising certain illegal immigrants how they might qualify for special visas. [Travis County Sheriff “Sanctuary Sally” Hernandez came up with the idea of instructing crime victims who happen to be in the country illegally on how they can apply for a “U visa,” Fox 7 in Austin reported. Merely filing out the application for the visa, intended to help true crime victims, is enough to at least temporarily block immigration officials from deporting an applicant.  Her work continues to propagate the myth that Texas’ new sanctuary city law (previously known as Senate Bill 4) is a threat to crime victims. During the final days of the debate, several Texas law enforcement officials joined together penning an   published in April by the Dallas Morning News. The police chiefs stated: Officers would start inquiring about the immigration status of every person they come in contact with, or worse, inquire about the immigration status of people based on their appearance. This will lead to distrust of police and less cooperation from members of the community. And it will foster the belief that people cannot seek assistance from police for fear of being subjected to an immigration status investigation. Distrust and fear of contacting or assisting the police have already become evident among legal immigrants. Legal immigrants are beginning to avoid contact with the police for fear that they themselves or undocumented family members or friends may become subject to immigration enforcement. Such a divide between the local police and immigrant groups will result in increased crime against immigrants and in the broader community, create a class of silent victims, and eliminate the potential for assistance from immigrants in solving crimes or preventing crime. Their statement ignores the fact that SB 4 specifically prohibits officers from inquiring about the immigration status of a crime victim or a witness to a crime, unless the information is pertinent to the crime as in the case of human smuggling or sex trafficking crimes. ARITCLE 6, SECTION 6. 01 Article 2. 13: (I) n the course of investigating an alleged criminal offense, a peace officer may inquire ast o the nationality or immigration status of a victim of or witness to the offense only if the officer determines that the inquiry is necessary to: (1) Investigate the offense or (2) provide the victim or witness with information about federal visas designed to protect individuals providing assistance to law enforcement. In apparently ignoring this section of the new law (effective September 1, 2017) the Travis County Sheriff’s Office is preparing to   distribute flyers. These flyers could be used to teach people how to abuse or take advantage of a program designed to protect true victims of or witnesses to crimes. “I think that just with the political climate in general across the U. S. that we have victims not reporting crime and that’s a concern for us. I mean, we care about all of the victims regardless of immigration status. We want to make sure that we have an avenue to ensure them they’re safe to come and speak with us,” Captain Craig Smith of the Travis County Sheriff’s Office told Fox 7 News. Sheriff Hernandez is having the pamphlets printed up to begin distribution, Travis County Sheriff’s Office Spokesman Kristin Dark told Breitbart Texas in an email response. It is currently being published in English and Spanish, despite the fact that Travis County has immigrant communities speaking many different languages. The report by Fox 7 does not state what funds the sheriff is using to pay for these pamphlets. Dark told Breitbart Texas she would research the source of funding. The sheriff’s office told the local Fox affiliate they currently receive about 10 U visa applications per month. They stated the department attempts to process the visas within 30 days to forward to immigration officials. The federal government issues approximately 10, 000 U visas per year. Victims or witnesses granted approval receive up to four years of protected status. They are required to cooperate with law enforcement regarding prosecuting the crime they witnessed or were a victim of. While the application is pending, the applicant cannot be removed from the U. S. Fox 7 reported. At least one Democrat Texas sheriff stood up to tell the truth about SB 4. Hidalgo County Sheriff J. E. “Eddie” Guerra joined with local chiefs of police in the Rio Grande Valley to try and calm the flames of fear being fanned by others across the state. “As Texas Governor Greg Abbott has stated [SB 4] is simply a mechanism such that when someone has a criminal record, or who is also wanted by [U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement] they are going to be detained and turned over to ICE,” Sheriff Guerra told local reporters. “If you have not committed a crime, regardless of your immigration status, and unless you are subject to an ICE detainer, you have absolutely nothing to worry about. ” Sheriff Guerra told the McAllen newspaper, The Monitor, “To all the people we serve, we want you to know we are here to help you. We want you to continue working with us. Now more than ever we all need to work together  —   we need to encourage you to report crimes, suspicious activity and fugitives, so that we may all enjoy a better quality of life and a safer community. ” In contrast to Sheriff Guerra’s honesty about the new law, Breitbart Texas reported that Travis County Sheriff “Sanctuary Sally” Hernandez teamed up with four other Texas sheriffs to claim that “FBI crime statistics have found that labeled ‘sanctuary’ cities experience lower rates of all crime types, including homicides. ” Although fact checkers at the    PolitiFact admitted that the FBI report does not exist, they still dubbed the statements “ . ” “In my book, a ‘half true’ for an open borders study from Politifact means it was definitely bogus,” Center for Immigration Studies Director of Policy Studies Jessica Vaughn told Breitbart Texas. “It means ‘we would like it to be true, but it wasn’t. ’” Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
13433,مذكرة مفاهيمية عن رئاسة الروسية,"اجتماع لمجلس الأمن من 28 أكتوبر 2016
مذكرة مفاهيمية عن رئاسة الروسية شبكة فولتير | نيويورك (الولايات المتحدة) | 27 تشرين الأول (أكتوبر) 2016 français English Español русский 中文 التعاون بين الأمم المتحدة والمنظمات الإقليمية ودون الإقليمية في صون السلام والأمن الدوليين: منظمة معاهدة الأمن الجماعي، ومنظمة شنغهاي للتعاون، ورابطة الدول المستقلة. ورقة مفاهيمية
يعتزم الاتحاد الروسي أن يعقد مناقشة في 28 تشرين الأول/أكتوبر بشأن موضوع ”التعاون بين الأمم المتحدة والمنظمات الإقليمية ودون الإقليمية في صون السلام والأمن الدوليين: منظمة معاهدة الأمن الجماعي، ومنظمة شنغهاي للتعاون، ورابطة الدول المستقلة“، وذلك بوصفها محور فترة رئاسته لمجلس الأمن.
في ضوء الطابع العالمي للتحديات والتهديدات المعاصرة، تتطلب صياغة النهج الجماعية اللازمة للتصدي لها بفعالية تعزيز التعاون بين الأمم المتحدة والمنظمات الإقليمية ودون الإقليمية في صون السلام والأمن الدوليين.
وفيما يتعلق بالأمم المتحدة، يرتبط ذلك في المقام الأول بطابعها العالمي، وذلك من حيث عضوية المنظمة وعملها على السواء، وكذلك بشرعيتها المعترف بها دوليا. وبالمقابل، فإن المنظمات الإقليمية غالبا ما تتمتع بفهم أفضل للحالة في المجالات التي تندرج في نطاق مسؤولياتها، وفي الكثير من الحالات، تكون مجهزة بآليات وقائية وآليات لحفظ السلام تتكيف مع الحقائق المحلية. ومن المهم في هذا الصدد أن تكون أنشطة المنظمات الإقليمية موجهة نحو السعي إلى إيجاد حلول سياسية سلمية للنزاعات الناشئة.
وفي هذا السياق تحديدا، يكتسب التنسيق المنتظم مع الشركاء الإقليميين الرئيسيين للأمم المتحدة بشأن المسائل المتعلقة بصون السلام والأمن الدوليين أهمية بالغة. فعلى سبيل المثال، يعقد مجلس الأمن اجتماعات منتظمة بشأن التعاون مع الاتحاد الأفريقي، ومنظمة الأمن والتعاون في أوروبا، والاتحاد الأوروبي. وفي السنوات الأخيرة، أجريت استعراضات للتعاون مع جامعة الدول العربية، ورابطة أمم جنوب شرق آسيا، واتحاد أمم أمريكا الجنوبية وغيرها من الجهات الفاعلة الإقليمية.
ولا يخفى على أحد أن التعاون بين المنظمة وشركائها الإقليميين يغطي مجموعة لا تنفك تتسع من المسائل. وتكمل هدفي حفظ السلام وبناء السلام الجهود الرامية إلى مكافحة انتشار أسلحة الدمار الشامل والتدفق غير المشروع للأسلحة الصغيرة والأسلحة الخفيفة ومكافحة الإرهاب الإلكتروني والهجرة غير الشرعية - وكلها مجالات يزداد التعاون فيها بين المنظمات المذكورة أعلاه والأمم المتحدة زخما. وهذا أمر بالغ الأهمية لصون السلام والاستقرار على امتداد المنطقة الأوروبية الآسيوية المترامية الأطراف، وخاصة في منطقة آسيا الوسطى.
وفي هذا المجال تحديدا، تعمل ثلاث منظمات فتية نسبيا في المنطقة الشاسعة الممتدة من أوروبا الشرقية إلى الشرق الأقصى، وهي منظمة معاهدة الأمن الجماعي، ومنظمة شنغهاي للتعاون، ورابطة الدول المستقلة. وتعمل هذه المنظمات على بناء نفوذها السياسي في العالم وتسهم إسهاما ملموسا في تعزيز الأمن على الصعيدين الإقليمي والدولي.
وستركز المناقشات على مساهمة منظمة معاهدة الأمن الجماعي، ومنظمة شنغهاي للتعاون، ورابطة الدول المستقلة في التصدي للأخطار التي تهدٍّد السلام والأمن في المنطقة، بما في ذلك مكافحة الإرهاب والاتجار بالمخدرات والجريمة المنظمة. وستوفر هذه المناسبة أيضا فرصة للتأكيد مجددا على التزام هذه المنظمات الثلاث بتطوير التعاون العملي مع الأمم المتحدة، بما في ذلك مركزها الإقليمي للدبلوماسية الوقائية لمنطقة آسيا الوسطى.
وتُعدُّ منظمة معاهدة الأمن الجماعي هيكلا متعدِّد الوجوه قادرا على الاستجابة بقوة للطائفة الواسعة من التحديات والتهديدات المعاصرة التي قد تواجهها الدول الأعضاء فيها. وفي هذا الصدد، تتوافر فرص جيدة لتعزيز التعاون بين الأمم المتحدة ومنظمة معاهدة الأمن الجماعي في مجال حفظ السلام. وفي إطار منظمة معاهدة الأمن الجماعي، يجري العمل بشكل مكثف من أجل تطوير القدرات الخاصة بها على حفظ السلام، بما في ذلك القدرات التي يمكن أن تتاح لعمليات الأمم المتحدة لحفظ السلام. وفي الوقت نفسه، تسهم منظمة معاهدة الأمن الجماعي بنشاط في الجهود الدولية لإعادة الإعمار بعد انتهاء النزاع في أفغانستان وتحييد خطر المخدرات النابع من إقليم ذلك البلد.
وتتطوَّر علاقات منظمة معاهدة الأمن الجماعي مع الأمم المتحدة بنجاح في مجالات عديدة منها مكافحة الإرهاب والاتجار بالمخدرات، وحفظ السلام، ومكافحة الجريمة المنظمة. وتحافظ منظمة معاهدة الأمن الجماعي على صلات مثمرة مع هياكل الأمم المتحدة المتخصِّصة وتعمل على تطويرها، بما في ذلك لجنة مكافحة الإرهاب التابعة لمجلس الأمن ومكتب الأمم المتحدة المعني بالمخدرات والجريمة.
وكل سنتين، تتخذ الجمعية العامة قرارا بشأن التعاون بين الأمم المتحدة ومنظمة معاهدة الأمن الجماعي. ومن المقرر اتخاذ قرار بشأن هذا الموضوع في الدورة الحادية والسبعين في سياق النظر في بند جدول الأعمال المعنون ”التعاون بين الأمم المتحدة والمنظمات الإقليمية والمنظمات الأخرى“.
ولقد أُنشئ الإطار القانوني للتعاون بين الأمم المتحدة ومنظمة شنغهاي للتعاون بشأن قضايا السلام والأمن الدوليين وفقا للفصل الثامن من ميثاق الأمم المتحدة بتوقيع إعلان مشترك بشأن التعاون بين أمانتي المنظمتين عام 2010. وفي الوقت الراهن، تتعاون منظمة شنغهاي للتعاون والأمم المتحدة تعاونا نشطا في مجالات من قبيل منع نشوب النزاعات وحلها، ومكافحة الإرهاب (ولهذا الغرض، يعمل هيكل إقليمي لمكافحة الإرهاب داخل منظمة شنغهاي للتعاون)، وعدم انتشار أسلحة الدمار الشامل، ومكافحة الجريمة العابرة للحدود الوطنية والاتجار غير المشروع بالمخدرات، وضمان أمن المعلومات على الصعيد الدولي.
وفي هذا السياق، تؤيد منظمة شنغهاي للتعاون بهمَّة جهود المجتمع الدولي وهيئات الأمم المتحدة الرامية إلى استعادة السلام في أفغانستان وتدعو باستمرار إلى الحفاظ على الدور التنسيقي المركزي الذي تضطلع به الأمم المتحدة في عملية التسوية الأفغانية.
ولقد كان التعاون في ضمان الأمن والتصدي للتحديات والتهديدات المعاصرة دائما وسيظلَّ أحد المجالات ذات الأولوية للتعاون المتكامل بين الدول الأعضاء في رابطة الدول المستقلة.
ويعتبر التعاون البنَّاء مع المنظمات الدولية أيضا عاملا رئيسيا في مكافحة التهديدات المستجدة بفعالية. ودول رابطة الدول المستقلة أطراف في جميع أهم الصكوك الدولية التي تنظم التعاون في ضمان الأمن، وتعزيز نزع السلاح، والتصدي للتحديات والتهديدات المعاصرة، وتسهم إسهاما كبيرا في تنفيذها.
ويجري تنفيذ تدابير مشتركة مع مراعاة الدور القيادي للأمم المتحدة والحاجة إلى تطوير شراكات بنَّاءة مع الهيئات الدولية الأخرى وهياكلها المتخصِّصة مثل لجنة مكافحة الإرهاب، ومكتب الأمم المتحدة المعني بالمخدرات والجريمة، والمنظمة الدولية للشرطة الجنائية (الإنتربول)، والمنظمة الدولية للهجرة، ومفوضية الأمم المتحدة لشؤون اللاجئين، وفرقة العمل المعنية بالإجراءات المالية المتعلقة بغسل الأموال.
ويؤدي استمرار تعزيز التعاون وتوثيقه بين الأمم المتحدة ومنظمة معاهدة الأمن الجماعي، ومنظمة شنغهاي للتعاون، ورابطة الدول المستقلة على أساس الفصل الثامن من ميثاق الأمم المتحدة دورا بنَّاء في تعزيز أهداف المنظمة، بما في ذلك مجابهة التحديات والتهديدات المعاصرة. ويجب أن تحدِّد هذه المنظمات الإقليمية موقعها بصورة فاعلة من حيث توظيف إمكانياتها لمصلحة الأمم المتحدة. وفي الوقت نفسه، ينبغي للأمم المتحدة نفسها أن تواصل إيلاء الاهتمام اللازم إلى زيادة التنسيق والتعاون مع تلك المنظمات، في إطار التقيد الصارم باختصاصات المنظمة ومجلس الأمن التابع لها.
وفي هذا السياق، نود أن نقترح أن تقدم الدول الأعضاء رؤيتها الخاصة عن السبل الكفيلة بتعزيز الأمن في المنطقة الأوروبية الآسيوية باستخدام الآليات الإقليمية القائمة. ومن الواضح أن الاستقرار في هذه المنطقة الكبرى سيكون الأساس لتحقيق النمو الاقتصادي وبناء الدولة للبلدان الأوروبية الآسيوية، ولذلك نرحِّب بآراء الوفود، بما في ذلك بشأن الصلة القائمة بين الأمن والتنمية. ونحن مقتنعون بأننا هنا، في الأمم المتحدة التي تتمتع بالشرعية العالمية، سنتمكن بشكل جماعي من اقتراح نُهُج مبتكرة لتناول مسائل تحقيق الاستقرار في المناطق الضعيفة يمكن تطبيقها لاحقا على أجزاء أخرى من العالم تشكل محط اهتمام مجلس الأمن.
وستشمل المناقشة ملاحظات يدلي بها السيد بان كي - مون، الأمين العام للأمم المتحدة، والسيد ن. ن بورديوزها، الأمين العام لمنظمة معاهدة الأمن الجماعي، والسيد ر. ك. عليموف، الأمين العام لمنظمة شانغهاي للتعاون، والسيد س. إ. إيفانوف، نائب رئيس اللجنة التنفيذية لرابطة الدول المستقلة. والدعوة موجهة أيضا إلى الدول الأعضاء في المنظمات الإقليمية المذكورة أعلاه وممثلي الدول المهتمة الأخرى للمشاركة في الاجتماع.",0
13434,BREAKING VIDEO : Trump is Providing Police Officers at “Trump Protests” With Dinner – TruthFeed,"BREAKING VIDEO : Trump is Providing Police Officers at “Trump Protests” With Dinner BREAKING VIDEO : Trump is Providing Police Officers at “Trump Protests” With Dinner Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 13, 2016 
Donald Trump is a great man. 
He will be an even greater president! 
Tonight, as butt-hurt liberals and violent anti-American domestic terrorists flood the streets and protest against DEMOCRACY, Donald Trump is supplying police officers in Chicago with dinner. Not working #Chicago #Trumpprotest tonight but friends telling me @TrumpTower providing place to eat for officers working. Pretty #Standup ",0
13435,Assaults on Border Patrol Agents Continue – 3 in Day,"Three U. S. Border Patrol agents assigned to the San Diego Sector came under assault in separate incidents on Wednesday evening. These attacks add to the already alarming increase in attacks. [Agents patrolling along State Route 905 in southern California attempted to stop a 2005 Chevrolet Tahoe at about 6 p. m. on Wednesday night. The driver of the SUV failed to yield, and agents initiated a pursuit. Several other agents joined in to assist and activated their emergency lights and sirens, according to information obtained by Breitbart Texas from Supervisory Border Patrol Agent Mark Endicott.  At one point in the pursuit, the driver turned abruptly and struck one of the pursuing vehicles. The driver briefly stopped, but took off again and struck the agent’s vehicle a second time. Other responding agents stopped the fleeing vehicle a short time later. Officials identified the driver only as an American citizen. The agents arrested the driver on charges of assaulting a federal officer, Endicott stated. About an hour and a half later, an agent working near the International Boundary at Otay Mesa found a man hiding in the tall brush near the border. The agent approached the man who jumped from his hiding spot and confronted the agent with a knife in his hand. The agent quickly wrestled the knife away from the suspect and placed him in handcuffs. The agent identified the man as a Mexican national who entered the U. S. illegally. A search of the suspect revealed a glass pipe and a small quantity of methamphetamine. The agent arrested the    man and seized the drugs and the glass pipe. Officials charged the alien with illegal entry into the U. S. Endicott said. Nearby, and about 30 minutes later, another pair of agents discovered a man illegally crossing the border. The agents approached the man, eventually identified as a    Mexican national, and prepared to take him into custody. As the agents approached the Mexican national, the suspect allegedly became combative. He kicked the agents and struck them with punches, Endicott described. Agents used pepper spray to subdue the suspect and eventually placed him in handcuffs. In the second and third instances, prosecutors did not appear to file assault charges on the two Mexican nationals despite at least one agent being threatened with a deadly weapon and two others violently struck by a suspect. Border Patrol agents are the most assaulted federal agents in law enforcement. Many believe this is due to the failure to consistently file assault charges. According to the latest February 28 report, suspects assaulted Border Patrol Agents 413 times since the new fiscal year began on October 1. This represents an increase of 179 percent when compared to the same period last year. During that same period, only 29 Customs and Border Protection officers in different agencies were attacked. Two days before these attacks, an agent assigned to the Tucson Sector became the subject of a rock attack as he attempted to take another illegal migrant into custody, Breitbart Texas reported Wednesday. The agent did not receive any injuries in the attack and quickly retreated to his vehicle after people on the south side of the border fence began throwing large rocks. The agents truck sustained windshield damage from the attack. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
13436,Grandmother Fights Against Government Child Trafficking in North Carolina,"by Health Impact News 
A North Carolina grandmother writes: 
“I never thought in my life that child trafficking would be legal in our own government.” 
Yet, her grandson has been forcibly taken from his family and currently lives with strangers, through the Child Protective System. His grandmother, Kimberly Deese, is one of thousands of parents and grandparents who view the actions of Child Protective Services as literally being a form of legalized child trafficking. It has been one year since Health Impact News first reported the heartbreaking story of Malakai, a little boy who was medically kidnapped from his family and has suffered abuse and malnutrition since being in state custody. 
Since that time, there has been little change. Several times, the family was told that there would be an investigation into the reports of abuse and photographs showing his dramatic weight loss, but nothing has reportedly materialized. Malakai is still in state custody, and the last window of opportunity to get him back home is rapidly closing. 
Kimberly Deese says that a new attorney has assured them that he can get him back home, but they have less than 60 days to come up with attorney’s fees and to get the legal process rolling before the January 6th deadline. ( Contribute to these legal fees here .) His mother Heather has lost her parental rights, and the new attorney plans to file for an appeal. They are still working to get Malakai placed with his grandmother, but CPS in Wake County has fought them at every turn. The family believes that Malakai never should have been taken from his home. 
See original story: North Carolina Child Medically Kidnapped Starving to Death in Foster Care 
In September, Malakai’s godmother ran into him with the foster family in a clothing store. The friend was shocked to see how skinny Malakai has become. She was able to get a picture, but the photo quality is very grainy. Malakai in a store in September. Photo source: Help Save Malakai Facebook page . 
Kimberly is very fearful for him: 
I feel like my grandson’s been forgotten and it hurts bad. My daughter did nothing wrong but loved her children. 
Why does CPS have to put a price tag on children’s heads? I never thought in my life that child trafficking would be legal in our own government. 
I don’t have much hope anymore and my pain is ongoing since the day they took him. 
We are just another family that’s lost in this corrupted government kidnapping our children. 
This pain will live in me till the day the good Lord takes me. 
I still have Tony, my Heather’s youngest, because I fear in my heart should I give him back to his innocent mother they would take him too. Blessings. 
They are very hopeful that the new attorney will help them to set things right. The family says that they have done everything in their power to get him out of foster care, “where he is being malnourished and neglected.” 
However, as most families dealing with the system have reported to Health Impact News , the fight has been “mentally and financially draining.” Kimberly writes: 
We NEED your help! Wake County CPS refuses to let him come home due to the large amounts of federal funding they receive on his behalf! 
For over 2 years Wake County CPS has denied Malakai his mother, whose rights have been terminated, his grandmother, who has custody of his 2 siblings and has been approved as a suitable home for his 2 siblings with no criminal history and other family members who have tried to gain kinship or custody of him to keep him with biological family. 
Family SHOULD always be first choice! 
Before Malakai was taken from his family, he was a happy and healthy little boy with a ready smile and chubby cheeks. Malakai was happy and healthy before CPS. Photo source: Help Save Malakai Facebook page . 
He and his brother were taken from his family in April of 2014 after his younger brother Zechariah sustained a small burn on his leg. Their grandmother later figured out that the burn must have come from a hot buckle on a wagon, after she was able to match his injury to the buckle. 
Heather’s boyfriend had placed him in the wagon. He misinterpreted Zechariah’s cries as fear, and pulled him around on the wagon for a couple of minutes in the hope that he would settle down before taking him out of the wagon. It was an accidental injury, and the boys’ mother was not even involved. 
Someone who reportedly didn’t like Heather called CPS and told them that she had purposefully caused the burn. Social workers placed Zechariah with his other grandmother, but placed Malakai in a foster home with strangers. 
Since he went into foster care, his condition allegedly has rapidly deteriorated. By November of 2014, the once-healthy boy was considered special needs. His grandmother reports that he showed evidence of being: 
starved, neglected and abused … and eventually needed leg braces to help him walk. His ribs and shoulder blades began to protrude from his small frail body so now Wake County can claim Special Care funding while holding him hostage from us. Kimberly Deese: “I could see all my grandson’s bones, it was so horrible, reminded me of a child from a third world nation. I just wanted to cry. This is America – this thing should NOT BE HAPPENING.” Source: Help Save Malakai Facebook page . Malakai Suffering in Foster Care 
The family has not had any visitation with Malakai since that November. Though there have been many phone calls and reports made to CPS by the family, nothing has been done. Kimberly reports that she has been told that social workers have investigated but have not found any of the allegations to be substantiated. She does not believe that the authorities are listening or that they care about her grandson. 
In July of 2016, the family learned that Malakai had been hit by a car while in foster care. Though he was allegedly hospitalized for cuts, scrapes, and bruises, his family was not permitted to see him. Even after the car accident, nothing has changed. The family has learned that he remains in foster care, in the same foster home he was in when he was hit by a car. All phone calls from concerned friends and family have reportedly been ignored. How You Can Help 
The family has very limited finances and no means to hire the attorney who believes that he can help them to bring Malakai home. Former court-appointed attorneys have not been helpful in getting Malakai returned to his family. 
They need support and prayer as well as financial assistance to raise the retainer fee. They have less than 60 days to come up with the retainer fee for the private attorney. Kimberly Deese believes that this is their last, best hope to get Malakai home and out of the risks that he is facing in foster care. 
Health Impact News has set up a special fund to help families in our stories who need financial help. Donations may be made to Malakai’s legal defense fund through this page:",0
13437,"California Today: Meet the New Mayor, Age 26 - The New York Times","Good morning. (Want to get California Today by email? Sign up.) California pulled off several mayoral firsts on Election Day. The city of Elk Grove in Sacramento County elected Steve Ly, the first Hmong mayor anywhere in the country. In Berkeley, Jesse Arreguin became the city’s first Latino mayor. And in Stockton, voters elected not only the city’s first black mayor, but also its youngest ever  —   the    Michael Tubbs. Californians have in the past elected a number of   mayors, but perhaps never in a city the size of Stockton, with a diverse population north of 300, 000. (The League of California Cities said it did not track the ages of mayors.) Mr. Tubbs, a City Council member for the last four years, focused his campaign on renewal in a city that was hammered by the 2008 housing crisis. “He sort of represents, I think, people’s hopes for the future of Stockton,” said Keith W. Smith, an associate professor of political science at University of the Pacific, which has a campus in Stockton. Mr. Tubbs, a Democrat, won 70 percent of the vote, a result that was also seen as a repudiation of his rival. The campaign of the incumbent Mayor Anthony Silva, a Republican, was tainted by reports of improper conduct. The latest was an arrest over accusations that he gave alcohol to minors during a strip poker game. Mr. Silva did not respond to requests for comment. “So as much as the vote is for Michael Tubbs a lot of the vote is also against Anthony Silva,” Professor Smith said. Mr. Tubbs was born in south Stockton to a teenage mother and an incarcerated father. He went on to graduate from Stanford and intern at Google and the White House, before going into politics. Speaking on Thursday, he said he was “a little overwhelmed” by his victory. “Coming from where I’m from, living in poverty, not coming from a political family, it’s an incredible honor,” he said. Asked what his political future might hold, Mr. Tubbs said he was focused on the job at hand. As a    however, he was more candid. In 2008, Mr. Tubbs was part of a team that won a national debate competition sponsored by the N. A. A. C. P. As a result, he got to meet Senator Barack Obama, then the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee. ”I looked at him, shook his hand and told him, ‘I’m next,’” Mr. Tubbs said, according to one local news account. “He said, ‘O. K.’” • Los Angeles leaders began outlining a battle plan against deportations of people who are in the country illegally. [Los Angeles Times] • Tensions are flaring in the Bay Area and beyond over how to talk about Donald Trump in schools. [San Francisco Chronicle] • Homelessness across the United States fell slightly last year but increased in California. [SFGate. com] • Los Angeles factories that made clothes for Forever 21 paid workers as little as $4 an hour, officials said. [Los Angeles Times] • Now more than ever, California is the capital of liberal America. [Opinion | Bloomberg] •  .   cars. Regulatory flux. At the Los Angeles Auto Show, an industry buckles up for change. [The New York Times] • Now you can use Airbnb to reserve dance parties in Havana, historical tours in Cape Town and   tours in Los Angeles. [The New York Times] • The   author Michael Chabon is a big deal. So why doesn’t he act like one? [BuzzFeed] • Now a   M. V. P. Mike Trout may be the Angels’ greatest player ever. [The New York Times] • The craftsman J. B. Blunk, who died in 2002, built his Marin County cabin by hand: a holistic expression of an artistic life. [The New York Times] • Movie Review: Fiction and reality intersect in the moody melodrama from Tom Ford, “Nocturnal Animals. ” [The New York Times] • “Gilmore Girls” is back, and with its   repartee, pop culture savvy and heartfelt drama intact. [The New York Times] People on San Francisco’s sidewalks this week have been encountering kindness in an unusual way. Posters have appeared on poles across the city with little dangling paper slips that can be torn off and taken away. But instead of offering yoga lessons or a used sofa, they are simple written compliments  —   and they’re free. The posters are the brainchild of Anna Sergeeva, 26, a San Francisco artist. The idea came to her weeks before the presidential election, Ms. Sergeeva said, but she acknowledged that the mood in liberal San Francisco after Mr. Trump’s victory inspired her to act on it. “I feel like I’m doing a marketing campaign for kindness,” she said on Thursday. Since she and some friends put up a bunch of the posters last weekend, the campaign has taken off, fueled by the Instagram posts of   and the hashtag #thecomplimentproject. As momentum built, Ms. Sergeeva created a website in which other people could download the posters. She said people have reached out from Los Angeles, New York, Arizona, Colorado, Israel, France and Britain. “It’s crazy,” she said. “I’m really excited and happy to part of something that feels special and needed at the moment. ” California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a   Californian  —   born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis. Follow him on Twitter. California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley.",0
13438,Shadow Government in South Korea,"Shadow Government in South Korea page: 1 archive.is... >being a ... >since 2~3 years ago there was Ancient Aliens tier rumor that president Park is indoctrinated and being controled by handful of secret society called ""8선녀 (The 8 Goddess)"", and they're ruling Korea from behind >everyone laughed at this crude joke rumor >suddenly a week ago whistleblower confirmed this # was real >the 8 powerful Korean billionaire women formed secret society and ruled Korea from behind the veil >whistleblower stole PC and tablets from them, opened to media, confirming they did it all >they made decisions, from Park's text of speeches, reforming taxes by their own, maintaining national treasury, deciding every diplomatic moves from toe toe, assigning secretaries and ministers by their own >only 1 members of The 8 Goddess identity confirmed, it's former psychic woman named 'Choi Sun-sil' >according to the leak she indoctrinated President Park since age of 23 >yes, a psychic woman who's member of secret society indoctrinated the president >I ain't joking >tfw everyone didn't believed this anime plot tier ba# insane absurd news >seriously who's gonna believe this >then suddenly president Park made news conference yesterday >SHE CONFIRMED THIS LEAK IS REAL AND ASKED FORGIVENESS >tfw a country's president confirming that she's indoctrinated by the secret society at the news conference >EVERYONE PANIC >people started to get #s together >gathering informations about them >after digging it's confirmed that # loads of men are in jail right now for leaking the truth about The 8 Goddess >politicians who's in jail right now mentioned Choi and 8 Goddess right before they went jail >people found photos that Choi escorting Park since her age of early 20's >diggings found US ambassador report documents >it saying ""Choi Tae-Min (Choi Sun Sil's father) is fully control of Park's body and soul"" >Choi Sun Sil's whereabouts is mystery, she's somewhere in Germany edit on 27-10-2016 by WindCharger because: (no reason given) edit on 27-10-2016 by WindCharger because: (no reason given)",0
13439,E.U. Charges Dispute Google’s Claims That Android Is Open to All - The New York Times,"Google has long stressed that Android, its popular mobile software, is open for anyone to use, including its rivals. But the company’s claims are now under threat after Europe’s antitrust authorities on Wednesday charged the company with unfairly using Android to promote its own services  —   like mobile search  —   over those of its rivals. In doing so, regulators brought particular scrutiny to Google’s relationships with some of the world’s biggest cellphone makers, which have helped expand the reach of Android. Margrethe Vestager, the European Union’s antitrust chief, said Google had required some of the cellphone manufacturers to preinstall the company’s services, including its Google Play smartphone application store, and had given them unfair financial incentives to favor Google’s services on their mobile devices. Those practices undermined competition and consumer choice, she said. “Google has abused its dominant position,” Ms. Vestager said on Wednesday. The company’s “behavior has harmed consumers by restricting innovation in the wider mobile space. ” The company denies it has broken European competition rules, and the charges may not lead to financial or other penalties against Google, which now has three months to respond to the accusations. “We take these concerns seriously,” Kent Walker, Google’s general counsel, said in a blog post. “But we also believe that our business model keeps manufacturers’ costs low and their flexibility high, while giving consumers unprecedented control of their mobile devices. ” By taking aim at Android  —   the mobile software that holds more than 80 percent of the worldwide market share for smartphone operating systems  —   Europe has opened the latest chapter in its continuing battle with American technology companies. These players, including Amazon and Facebook, dominate how Europe’s 500 million people use digital services, including social media, online movies and  . Google is facing separate charges, filed last year, in Europe over whether it unfairly favored some of its search services over those of rivals. Europe’s antitrust claims highlight Google’s increasingly thorny relationships with smartphone manufacturers such as HTC and Samsung, among others. Ms. Vestager said Android’s prominent role in the mobile market was not in question but that she was concerned the contracts the company signed with smartphone manufacturers had made it difficult, if not impossible, for rival search engines and smartphone app stores to compete in the European Union. “If a company is dominant, that’s fine,” Ms. Vestager told reporters. “But if that dominance is abused, then we have an issue. ” She declined to name which cellphone manufacturers might be affected, citing their right to privacy. The device makers, already struggling against cutthroat competition, have become reliant on Google’s digital services available on Android, even as they have tried to persuade consumers to try their own mobile services or those of Google’s competitors. Some, including Samsung, have backed rival operating systems to loosen Android’s grip, but such efforts have so far proved unsuccessful. And while global cellphone manufacturers once profited from using Android to expand rapidly, particularly in emerging markets, their growth has since slowed. Analysts say these cellphone makers’ inability to wean consumers off Google’s popular mobile mapping, email and other services has potentially shut them out of billions of dollars in extra revenue as people’s digital habits  —   including online search and   purchases  —   shift to mobile devices. “Their attempts at beating Google’s services haven’t worked,” said Neil Mawston, a mobile analyst at the technology research group Strategy Analytics. “For most companies that want to operate in the smartphone market, there isn’t another option but to use Google. ” Representatives from the leading smartphone manufacturers declined to comment on their relationship with Google. The dominance of Android, at least in Europe and the United States, is almost absolute. The basic Android software can be downloaded for free and modified by device makers and telecom operators. But they must sign contracts that place a selection of Google’s services in prime spots on smartphone screens and link to the company’s app store, from which Google takes a cut of each application sold. The search giant also generates income from advertising from mobile search queries, though manufacturers are free to include their own applications as part of the mobile software. In total, Google’s version of Android powers more than 98 percent of the   smartphones in Europe and the United States, according to Ian Fogg, a senior director at IHS, a technology consultancy in London. Only in China, where Google is banned, and Russia, where the local search engine Yandex holds a significant market share, does Google not dominate in mobile. “If someone buys an Android device in Europe or the U. S. it’s almost certainly Google’s version,” said David McQueen, research director at ABI Research in London. Google says its relationships with cellphone manufacturers are voluntary and that rival mobile services, including those from the likes of Amazon and Facebook, are readily available on its Android software, which does not restrict people from downloading competitors’ applications. The search giant has also pointed to smartphones from Amazon and Nokia that are based on the free version of Android and that do not come packaged with Google’s mobile services as signs of healthy competition. Those devices, particularly Amazon’s Fire smartphone, have not proved popular with consumers. Kirt McMaster, the chief executive of Cyanogen, an American   that makes a mobile operating system based on Android, said he was cautiously optimistic that the regulatory intervention could improve innovation on the operating system. “There are ways to enable   services on top of Android today, even within the confines of the existing relationships,” he said. “But there are scenarios that will be beneficial for the ecosystem if Android was even more open. ” If Google is found to have broken European rules, the company may face fines of as much as 10 percent of its annual revenue. Given the company’s recent annual revenue, that could be roughly $7 billion. Such a high financial penalty is unlikely, however, according to legal experts. The company could also be forced to alter its Android software to give competitors a greater position in its mobile software or to change its existing contracts with cellphone makers. That would potentially provide Europeans with a wider choice of mobile services than would be available to their American counterparts. Most people in the 28 member states of the European Union, though, still rely primarily on Google services for many daily activities. Such remedies, if eventually imposed on Google, would be reminiscent of similar steps taken by Microsoft, which in 2009 agreed to offer consumers a choice of rival web browsers to end a European antitrust investigation into its dominance of Internet browsers at that time. Paulo Trezentos, chief executive of Aptoide, a rival Portuguese Android app store that is one of the complainants in the European competition case against Google, said his company would welcome greater access to Android users. “Google makes it difficult for people to install applications from rivals,” Mr. Trezentos said. “It’s actively making it harder to compete. ” In the United States, some lawmakers on Wednesday called on the Federal Trade Commission to more closely scrutinize Google after Europe’s charges. In 2013, the F. T. C. closed a   antitrust investigation into Google’s search business, citing a lack of evidence for pursuing a case. The F. T. C. said it did not comment on or confirm investigations. Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut, who is a member of the Judiciary Committee, said regulations and laws differed in Europe and the United States but “the spirit and goal of our laws is very similar. ” “There is now clearly a need for exacting and penetrating scrutiny,” Mr. Blumenthal said in an interview. “Perhaps it is overdue. But it is now clearly necessary. ”",0
13441,How Influential French Author Alain Soral Become Red Pilled,"Alain Soral is an influential French-Swiss thinker, author, and filmmaker. His beliefs are summarized as “French Third Position,” basically a third party for those that reject the traditional left and right political views, and there have been Third Position movements in many European countries over the past several decades.
Major beliefs of Soral’s ideology include nationalism, political sovereignty, social conservatism, anti-globalism, anti-immigration, anti-feminism, anti-bankster, and a non-interventionist anti-war foreign policy. A major slogan of Third Position is “Reconciliation” between the Labor Left and the Values Right—economic policy which values individual work and labor, and social policy focused on nationalism and traditionalism.
Early Life 
Alain Soral was born in 1958 in southeastern France. He attended a well-regarded private Catholic school, before enrolling in the distinguished National School of Fine Arts in Paris, founded in 1648, and later transferred to study under the philosopher and economist Cornelius Castoriadis, a famous 20th century thinker.
Castoriadis 
Castoriadis favored autonomous societies that are self-aware of their autonomy and independence, and believed societies should provide legitimacy for their laws and government actions. Historically, this was often done through absolute monarchy by invoking religion and God, with the monarch having a direct connection to the almighty (What God has commanded is what we must institute with the law).
Modern capitalist societies proved their legitimacy through circular tautology; that is they claimed that capitalism was logical and just, and therefore whatever a capitalistic society deemed profitable was therefore logical and just. A just autonomous society was always questioning and challenging its laws, but at the same time adhering to, respecting, and upholding the law.
Castoriadis described modern society as a struggle between creative imaginary and capitalist imaginary:
“The repetition of empty forms, of conformism, apathy, irresponsibility, and cynicism at the same time as it is that of the tightening grip of the capitalist imaginary of unlimited expansion of “rational mastery,” pseudorational pseudomastery, of an unlimited expansion of consumption for the sake of consumption, that is to say, for nothing, and of a technoscience that has become autonomized along its path and that is evidently involved in the domination of this capitalist imaginary. The other road should be opened: it is not at all laid out. It can be opened only through a social and political awakening, a resurgence of the project of individual and collective autonomy, that is to say, of the will to freedom. This would require an awakening of the imagination and of the creative imaginary”
Post-University 
Soral loved books and knowledge, studying radicals from throughout the political spectrum. He was a dragueur de rue (street pick-up artist) when the PUA movement was virtually unknown. He developed a skill at attracting young, narcissistic, valueless city girls and claimed to bed hundreds of women, and published a book on game in 1996. His experiences with these women led him to develop strong anti-feminist beliefs.
He developed a strong dislike for the French Bobos—Bourgeois bohemians, younger wealthy highly educated narcissistic hedonists interested in fashion and trends. Perhaps something like rich hipsters, but less retro, more fashionable and trendy.
He joined the French Communist Party, motivated by his dislike of the bobos, and his camaraderie with the working man. The Communist Party, along with the Front National, were among the few opponents of the creation of the EU. Soral studied the works of Marx and other Marxists before leaving to join the far right Front National, where he was a speechwriter for Marie Le Pen. He noted that both Communists and Front National members were strongly nationalistic, and indeed many workers left the Communist Party to join FN around this time.

He became a strong critic of feminism and minority politics (gay, feminist, and Islamist or other racial multicultural groups). After Front National performed poorly in the 2007 elections, he formed Equality and Reconciliation , seeking to consolidate ideas on the left and right who believed in nationalism, patriarchy, anti-communism, anti-immigration, and anti-Zionism. E&R is an alternative news site, with some tendencies to the American alt-right, pro-nationalist, and critical of modern culture and feminism. He describes it as “Left for the workers and Right for morals.”
He is a boxer, and since 2004, has coached boxing. He records videos, has a regular feature naming the “cunt of the month,” and his works and website are very popular despite harsh attacks against him in the mainstream media.
Summary Of Views Trolling a feminist
Not much is available in English of Soral, and even English subtitles on his many videos are hard to find. I have but a cursory understanding of French, so I have relied on secondary sources and translations. His major beliefs are:
Anti-Feminism Views feminism as not pro-work, as women have always worked, but instead as anti-family and anti-mother. Discusses two classes of feminists: freaks and bitches. The real struggle is between rich and poor, not man and woman, who are naturally attracted to each other. He has attacked women’s magazines as altering the social conscience and relegating women to the status of objects. Stresses self-improvement and virility in men.
Anti-capitalism and anti-consumerism Opposed to valueless consumption and consumerism. In favor of bankster-free economics, and an end to the nanny state. Opposes “desire society” and the cult of celebrity.
Anti-imperialism Opposed to the Globalist Empire, and American Imperialism, attempting to spread its cultural, ideological, economic, social views everywhere and to destroy all nation-states.
Anti-Zionism Has attacked Jewish lobbying and intervention in French affairs. Made statements criticizing the Jewish people for being ostracized in societies around the world, throughout history, which earned him an immediate and harsh media blackout. He makes a distinction between French Jews and Zionism, saying that Zionists are opposing the interests of France and French Jews.
Anti-communitarianism Favors nationalism, not communitarianism. Calls communitarianism “a poison.” Opposed to ethnic, racial, sexual, Islamist or feminist communitarianism, which is opposed to morality and national standards. Opposes the public effeminate, homo and transsexual society, and laments the lack of strong male role models. Makes a strong distinction between homosexuality and the Gay Pride community movement, which promotes drag queens, parties, vulgar parades, and hypersexualization.
Anti-vulgarity Opposes vulgar language, dress, and speech, especially in women. Has said he prefers publicly wearing the Muslim veil to thong underwear. Would go crazy at a Slutwalk. Critic of profanity and vulgarity; proponent of morality and modesty.
Islam Feels the “menace of Islam” is an artificially created and manipulated threat; primitive Islamic society is not a real threat to modern western states, and capitalistic globalist interests manipulate the region to destroy the anti-globalist anti-feminist culture of Islam, to foster animosity between social groups, to possibly create a clash of civilizations, or world war, leading to a full globalist takeover, and to loot Mideast nations, and that the fundamental values of moderate Islam are perfectly compatible with French moderate Catholic views.
Anti-modern culture and mainstream media Opposed to the decline in western values and culture, and the sorry state of mainstream media, who has labeled him a pariah.
Le Neo masculinité 
Many like-minded red pill men are turned off by the left-right politics in America. The third position combines right views on nation, morality, and law, with some left positions on social issues and economics. I believe if both the left and right hate you, you are probably doing something right. The ideas here strongly resonate with neomasculinity. Soral’s ideas are stimulating and interesting and definitely deserve further investigation.
An excellent summary of Soral and his beliefs is available here .
Read More: What Is Neomasculinity? 
",0
13442,Bolton on London: ’Being Born on English Soil’ Doesn’t Strip Away Potential for Islamic Terrorism,"Former U. N. Ambassador, John Bolton, joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Thursday to discuss the London terror attack and issues involved in fighting terrorism in general. [As the March 22 London attacker was reportedly born in Britain, Bolton stressed, “As if a terrorist comes into a Western country, or a radical Islamist sympathizer, and they raise a family in that country, so they have a son or a daughter who’s born in Britain, as this terrorist reportedly was, it is as if being born on English soil strips away the terrorist possibility. I wish it were so magical. ”  Bolton added, “If you go back to the London transportation attacks of 2007, those were all carried out by people born in Britain, as well. That to me is more terrifying than refugees or immigrants coming in because it proves, whether for Britain or the United States, you can be born in a free country, you can grow up experiencing all the possibilities and freedoms that these systems bring, and you can still consciously reject it all and turn to terrorism. That worries me more than the  immigrants, frankly. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
13443,"Box Office: Tom Hanks’ ’Circle’ Bombs, ’Furious’ Crosses $1B Worldwide","Universal’s Fate of the Furious revved its way to $1 billion in worldwide gross and stayed atop the domestic chart in its third weekend as romantic comedy How To Be a Latin Lover and Indian film Baahubali 2: The Conclusion both managed to come in ahead of the Tom   Watson tech thriller The Circle at the box office. [Fate of the Furious, the eighth installment in the    franchise and the first since the death of series star Paul Walker last year, pulled in an additional $19. 4 million this weekend to stay number one with a domestic total to date of $192. 7 million, according to the Hollywood Reporter.  The Vin     action flick becomes the 30th movie ever to cross the $1 billion mark after picking up a staggering $867. 6 million overseas to date. Meanwhile, How to Be a Latin Lover  —   starring Salma Hayek and Eugenio Derbez  —   brought in $12 million from just 1, 000 screens to set a new record for Lionsgate’s Hispanic label Pantelion and place second for the weekend. The film  —   which stars Derbez as a   playboy forced to move in with his estranged sister (Hayek)  —   was released in both English and Spanish, and 89 percent of its   audience was Hispanic, according to Deadline. Kristen Bell, Rob Lowe, and Michael Cera  . Latin Lover is expected to expand into more theaters next weekend, when it will serve as some of the only   to Marvel’s superhero juggernaut Guardians of the Galaxy, Vol. 2, which is currently tracking to open at a monstrous $150 million. In third place for the weekend was the Indian film Baahubali 2: The Conclusion, taking $10. 1 million from just 450 theaters to make it the best opening ever for an Indian film in the United States. In its native India, the film reportedly grossed between $  million through its first weekend, which would make it the   debut in its home country, too.   Entertainment’s The Circle, starring Tom Hanks and Emma Watson, was the big loser this weekend, taking in an estimated $9. 3 million to come in fourth place and marking one of the worst openings of Hanks’ career. The Circle  —   directed by James Ponsoldt and based on the novel by Dave Eggers  —   stars Watson as a young employee of a   tech company run by Hanks’ character, which she soon discovers is up to no good. As Deadline reported, the $18 million film scored a premiere this week at the prestigious Tribeca Film Festival, but that may have done more harm than good, as it currently sits at just 18% on ratings aggregator Rotten Tomatoes. Even worse, The Circle earned a D+ CinemaScore, a rare feat and an especially disappointing result for     Hanks. John Boyega, Patton Oswalt and the late Bill Paxton also star. Rounding out this weekend’s top five was 20th Century   Animation’s The Boss Baby, which earned an estimated $9 million to bring its domestic total to $148. 5 million in its fifth week of release.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
13444,"With False Claims, Trump Attacks Media on Turnout and Intelligence Rift - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   President Trump used his first full day in office on Saturday to unleash a remarkably bitter attack on the news media, falsely accusing journalists of both inventing a rift between him and intelligence agencies and deliberately understating the size of his inauguration crowd. In a visit to the Central Intelligence Agency intended to showcase his support for the intelligence community, Mr. Trump ignored his own repeated public statements criticizing the intelligence community, a group he compared to Nazis just over a week ago. He also called journalists “among the most dishonest human beings on earth,” and he said that up to 1. 5 million people had attended his inauguration, a claim that photographs disproved. Later, at the White House, he dispatched Sean Spicer, the press secretary, to the briefing room in the West Wing, where Mr. Spicer scolded reporters and made a series of false statements. He said news organizations had deliberately misstated the size of the crowd at Mr. Trump’s inauguration on Friday in an attempt to sow divisions at a time when Mr. Trump was trying to unify the country, warning that the new administration would hold them to account. The statements from the new president and his spokesman came as hundreds of thousands of people protested against Mr. Trump, a crowd that appeared to dwarf the one that gathered the day before when he was sworn in. It was a striking display of invective and grievance at the dawn of a presidency, usually a time when the White House works to set a tone of national unity and to build confidence in a new leader. Instead, the president and his team appeared embattled and defensive, signaling that the pugnacious style Mr. Trump employed as a candidate will persist now that he has ascended to the nation’s highest office. Saturday was supposed to be a day for Mr. Trump to mend fences with the intelligence community, with an appearance at the C. I. A. ’s headquarters in Langley, Va. While he was lavish in his praise, the president focused in his   speech on his complaints about news coverage of his criticism of the nation’s spy agencies, and meandered to other topics, including the crowd size at his inauguration, his level of political support, his mental age and his intellectual heft. “I just want to let you know, I am so behind you,” Mr. Trump told more than 300 employees assembled in the lobby for his remarks. In recent weeks, Mr. Trump has questioned the intelligence agencies’ conclusion that Russia meddled in the United States election on his behalf. After the disclosure of a dossier with unsubstantiated claims about Mr. Trump, he accused the intelligence community of allowing the leak and wrote on Twitter, “Are we living in Nazi Germany?” On Saturday, he said journalists were responsible for any suggestion that he was not fully supportive of intelligence agencies’ work. “I have a running war with the media,” Mr. Trump said. “They are among the most dishonest human beings on earth, and they sort of made it sound like I had a feud with the intelligence community. ” “The reason you’re the No. 1 stop is, it is exactly the opposite,” Mr. Trump added. “I love you, I respect you, there’s nobody I respect more. ” Mr. Trump also took issue with news reports about the number of people who attended his inauguration, complaining that the news media used photographs of “an empty field” to make it seem as if his inauguration did not draw many people. “We caught them in a beauty,” Mr. Trump said of the news media, “and I think they’re going to pay a big price. ” Mr. Spicer said that Mr. Trump had drawn “the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration,” a statement that photographs clearly show to be false. Mr. Spicer said photographs of the inaugural ceremonies were deliberately framed “to minimize the enormous support that had gathered on the National Mall,” although he provided no proof of either assertion. Photographs of Barack Obama’s inauguration in 2009 and of Mr. Trump’s plainly showed that the crowd on Friday was significantly smaller, but Mr. Spicer attributed that disparity to new white ground coverings he said had caused empty areas to stand out and to security measures that had blocked people from entering the Mall. “These attempts to lessen the enthusiasm of the inauguration are shameful and wrong,” Mr. Spicer said. He also admonished a journalist for erroneously reporting on Friday that Mr. Trump had removed a bust of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. from the Oval Office, calling the mistake  —   which was corrected quickly  —   “egregious. ” And he incorrectly claimed that ridership on Washington’s subway system was higher than on Inauguration Day in 2013. In reality, there were 782, 000 riders that year, compared with 571, 000 riders this year, according to figures from the   transit authority. Mr. Spicer also said that security measures had been extended farther down the National Mall this year, preventing “hundreds of thousands of people” from viewing the ceremony. But the Secret Service said the measures were largely unchanged this year, and there were few reports of long lines or delays. Commentary about the size of his inauguration crowd made Mr. Trump increasingly angry on Friday, according to several people familiar with his thinking. On Saturday, Mr. Trump told his advisers that he wanted to push back hard on “dishonest media” coverage  —   mostly referring to a Twitter post from a New York Times reporter showing    frames of Mr. Trump’s crowd and Mr. Obama’s in 2009. But most of Mr. Trump’s advisers urged him to focus on the responsibilities of his office during his first full day as president. However, in his remarks at the C. I. A. he wandered off topic several times, at various points telling the crowd he felt no older than 39 (he is 70) reassuring anyone who questioned his intelligence by saying, “I’m, like, a smart person” and musing out loud about how many intelligence workers backed his candidacy. “Probably almost everybody in this room voted for me, but I will not ask you to raise your hands if you did,” Mr. Trump said. “We’re all on the same wavelength, folks. ” But most of his remarks were devoted to attacking the news media. And Mr. Spicer picked up the theme later in the day in the White House briefing room. But his appearance, according to the people familiar with Mr. Trump’s thinking, went too far, in the president’s opinion. Mr. Trump’s appearance at the C. I. A. touched off a fierce reaction from some current and former intelligence officials. Nick Shapiro, who served as chief of staff to John O. Brennan, who resigned Friday as the C. I. A. director, said Mr. Brennan “is deeply saddened and angered at Donald Trump’s despicable display of   in front of C. I. A. ’s Memorial Wall of Agency heroes. “Brennan says that Trump should be ashamed of himself,” Mr. Shapiro added. “I was heartened that the president gave a speech at C. I. A. ,” said Michael V. Hayden, a former director of the C. I. A. and the National Security Agency. “It would have been even better if more of it had been about C. I. A. ” Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said that he had had high hopes for Mr. Trump’s visit as a step to begin healing the relationship between the president and the intelligence community, but that Mr. Trump’s meandering speech had dashed them. “While standing in front of the stars representing C. I. A. personnel who lost their lives in the service of their country  —   hallowed ground  —   Trump gave little more than a perfunctory acknowledgment of their service and sacrifice,” Mr. Schiff said. “He will need to do more than use the agency memorial as a backdrop if he wants to earn the respect of the men and women who provide the best intelligence in the world. ” Mr. Trump said nothing during the visit about how he had mocked the C. I. A. and other intelligence agencies as “the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction. ” He did not mention his apparent willingness to believe Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, who is widely detested at the C. I. A. over his own intelligence agencies. He also did not say whether he would start receiving the daily intelligence briefs that are prepared for the president. The agency sees the president as its main audience, and his dismissal of the need for daily briefings from the intelligence community has raised concerns about morale among people who believe their work will not be respected at the White House. Since the election, hopes at the C. I. A. that the new administration would bring an infusion of energy and ideas have given way to trepidation about what Mr. Trump and his loyalists have planned. But the nomination of Mike Pompeo, a former Army infantry officer who is well versed in issues facing the intelligence community, to lead the C. I. A. has been received positively at the agency. “He has left the strong impression that he doesn’t trust the intelligence community and that he doesn’t have tremendous regard for their work,” Mark M. Lowenthal, a retired C. I. A. analyst, said of Mr. Trump. “The obvious thing to do is to counter that by saying, ‘I value you. I look forward to working with you. ’” “He called them Nazis,” Mr. Lowenthal added, referring to Mr. Trump’s characterization of the intelligence community. Mr. Lowenthal said Saturday’s visit should have been “a stroking expedition. ”",0
13445,Fake News on Deportation Checkpoints Causes Panic in California,"A series of fake news hoaxes over social media, which falsely suggested authorities had set up immigration checkpoints aimed at deporting illegal aliens, caused panic this weekend across California. [“It appears that unknown subjects are trying to create a public panic and we want our community to be assured that this is a complete hoax,” the Fontana Police Department said in a statement, according to the Los Angeles Times. “We understand that fake news can spread quickly via social media and encourage you to always fact check things you read or hear. ”  U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Spokeswoman Virginia Kice told the Daily Bulletin, “We don’t do checkpoints. ” According to the San Gabriel Valley Tribune, the rumors about the immigration checkpoint were traced to the Mr Checkpoint account on Twitter, which tweeted, “NOW #InlandEmpire Immigration Checkpoint #Ontario near Euclid Ave  60 Freeway. ” @jr1224_ it was on Mr. Checkpoint. They usually get DUI checkpoints correct  they use police scanners. Haven’t passed by personally though.  —   jaime (@himay3000) February 3, 2017,  However, once Mr Checkpoint discovered those rumors were fake news, it posted on Facebook: “[]Looks like we have false reports of Immigration Checkpoints. Many people had messaged this and it looks like intentional misinformation that was meant to spread confusion  negativity. ” It added, “Please move past this so we can shift back to positive energy. ” It’s all about love! pic. twitter.   —   Mr. Checkpoint (@MrCheckpoint) February 3, 2017,  Trying to figure out this whole immigration checkpoint thing going on in Ontario right now. I’m hoping we don’t see more of these.. 😫  —   Mr. Checkpoint (@MrCheckpoint) February 2, 2017,  We received several reports of an immigration checkpoint that were found to not have occurred. Deleting that tweet and will keep you posted.  —   Mr. Checkpoint (@MrCheckpoint) February 3, 2017,  Some social media users reportedly stated that the brief detentions of some individuals in airports this past weekend, coupled with protests that wound up backing up traffic for hours, amplified concerns. “Rumors currently being circulated  —   primarily on social media, claiming the agency has set up checkpoints at multiple locations in Los Angeles  —   or that the agency is conducting random ‘raids’ are completely baseless,” Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokeswoman Virginia Kice told the Times. “The agency is working diligently to address these false reports, and we urge the media not to give them credence. It only encourages   people to act irresponsibly. ” Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz",0
13446,PINKERTON: How Republicans Should Address the Hostile Obamacare Town Halls,"Second of Four Parts  …      The Republicans Face Flak, The fate of Obamacare dominates the news —  again.  Eight years ago,   Republicans and Tea Partiers were on the offensive.  Today, it’s   Democrats, perhaps joined by “astroturf” activists, on the offense. In the first installment of this series, we looked at the hot political issue of pharma drug prices.  Now we’ll look at an even hotter political issue, the fate of Obamacare —  and we’ll also see how it ties into the question of pharma drugs. As Republicans grapple with Obamacare, the Main Stream Media headlines are, well, daunting.  For example:  My worry now is that many people are talking about a partial repeal of Obamacare.  If you only repeal part of it and you leave some sort of Obamacare light, which some are talking about, my fear is the situation actually gets worse. The problem is that if you get it done, you own the entire system of American medicine.  . . . If you replace, you are going to have to redo all of American medicine all over again, and then you become responsible. . . .  So if something goes wrong in anybody’s life —  denied coverage, lousy coverage, no available doctor, premiums increasing, whatever it is —  whether or not it is caused by the replacement bill, you will be responsible for it and blamed.  In the meantime, the Democrats and the left are, indeed, turning up the heat. So should Republicans be worried?  Some observers say yes.   On February 14, Jim VandeHei and David Nather, writing for the buzzy Beltway publication Axios, observed that some 147 million Americans benefit from   health programs, such as Medicare, Medicaid, and VA benefits.  The Democratic strategy, they added, is to scare all these beneficiaries about Obamacare repeal.  That is, lump them all together and message them so that they all feel threatened.  Will it work?  We’ll have to wait to find out, of course, but here’s how the Axios scribblers see it in the meantime:  This year’s version of “government takeover” is “throwing 20 million people off of health insurance. ”  Democrats have been throwing that line around, even though Republicans are trying to find a replacement plan that covers people in other ways. (Their problem: They can’t guarantee it will cover all 20 million.) Continuing, the two write:  Democrats in Congress are under direct orders from party leaders to crank up their own protests, to build on the loud and angry demonstrations at Republican town halls.  And there is every reason to believe they will be highly effective.  How do we know? Because Republicans exploited the same fears, energy and trends to do unto Democrats as Democrats are about to do unto them.  [emphasis added]  Again, no one is an   oracle, but just on February 21, in the early days of Resistance Recess, came some indicators.  One was this New York Times headline, surveying the activist activity surrounding Republican lawmakers’ meetings in Iowa and around the country: “Republicans Return to Town Halls, and Protesters Follow. ”  And this, from Politico: “This time, [Sen. Chuck] Grassley hears   voices: The Iowa senator’s 2009 town halls helped kill bipartisanship for the health law. Now, the crowds worry about repeal. ” Once again we might ask: Is all this noise simply journalistic hype?    We’ll have a better handle on that question this spring, when Georgians go to the polls to fill the vacancy in the 6th Congressional district left by the departure of Tom Price, now Secretary of Health and Human Services.  Price himself handily won   to the House last year, but Trump won the district by just a single percentage point.  And so, of course, the Democrats will seek to make the voting a referendum on Trump, not Price.   The balloting takes place on April 18, and, if needed, a runoff will be held on June 20.  In the meantime, we can observe that special elections are typically   affairs, with the advantage going to the side that can bring out the most “mad as hell” voters.  So Peach State Republicans will have to get themselves energized to keep the seat.    Moreover, looking beyond that special election, we can see that the precise details of the Republicans’    legislation will be vital to their fortunes in the 2018 midterms.  So if we recall Rep. Sensenbrenner’s jigsaw puzzle analogy, we know that each tiny detail of the GOP plan will be critical.   We might further observe that it’s the American middle class that finds itself right smack in the middle of the Obamacare fight.  And why is that?  It’s because the rich and the    have all the insurance, and the money, that they need.  And the poor already have Medicaid and charity.  So that leaves the middle class at the mercy of the   tides.   Veteran health observer Robert Laszewski, a frequent critic of Obamacare, offers these words of warning to the GOP and, in particular, to the Trump coalition:   If you take Obamacare as it looks right now, [about half of enrollees] don’t get a subsidy because their incomes are too high. They make $90, 000 or $100, 000 a year but are in the individual market.  These tend to be Trump supporters. So if [the administration’s forthcoming legislation] further destabilizes this thing and there are     rate increases, he’ll be screwing his own people.",0
13447,What the Clintons Did to Haiti,"Tweet Widget by Nathan J. Robinson 
Bill and Hillary Clinton’s role in the “remaking” of Haiti after a devastating earthquake and foreign occupation is “indefensible,” according to the author’s article, “Superpredator: Bill Clinton’s Use and Abuse of Black America,” from which this piece is excerpted. “Many Clinton projects “have primarily benefited wealthy foreigners and the island’s ruling elite.” Other projects simply fizzled. “The money donated and invested was extraordinary, but nobody seems to know where it has gone.” What the Clintons Did to Haiti by Nathan J. Robinson 
This article previously appeared in Global Research and Current Affairs . 
“She intended to ‘make Haiti the proving ground for her vision of American power.’” 
Bill and Hillary Clinton had long shared a personal interest in Haiti, dating back to the time of their honeymoon, part of which was spent in Port-au-Prince. In his autobiography, Bill says that his understanding of God and human nature were profoundly transformed when they witnessed a voodoo ceremony in which a woman bit the head off a live chicken. Hillary Clinton says the two of them “fell in love” with Haiti and they had developed a “deep connection” to the country. So when Hillary Clinton became Secretary of State in 2009, she consciously made the redevelopment of Haiti one of her top priorities. The country, she announced, would be a laboratory where the United States could “road-test new approaches to development,” taking advantage of what she termed “the power of proximity.” She intended to “make Haiti the proving ground for her vision of American power.” Hillary Clinton selected her own chief of staff, Cheryl Mills, to run the Haiti project. 
Mills would be joined by Bill Clinton, who had been deputized by the U.N. as a “special envoy” to Haiti. Bill’s role was not well-defined, and Haitians were curious about what was in store. Mills wrote in an email to Hillary Clinton that Haitians saw Bill’s appointment as “a step toward putting Haiti in a protectorate or trusteeship status.” Soon, “joking that he must be coming back to lead a new colonial regime,” the Haitian media “ dubbed him Le Gouverneur.” 
The project was heavily focused on increasing Haiti’s appeal to foreign corporations. As Politico reported , Clinton’s experiment “had business at its center: Aid would be replaced by investment, the growth of which would in turn benefit the United States.” 
“Clinton announced that Haiti would be a laboratory where the United States could road-test new approaches to development, taking advantage of ‘the power of proximity.’” 
One of the first acts in the new “business-centered” Haiti policy involved suppressing Haiti’s minimum wage. A 2009 Haitian law raised the minimum wage to 61 cents an hour, from 24 cents an hour previously. Haitian garment manufacturers, including contractors for Hanes and Levi Strauss, were furious, insisting that they were only willing to agree to a seven-cent increase. The manufacturers approached the U.S. State Department, who brought intense pressure to bear against Haitian President René Préval, working to “aggressively block” the 37-cent increase. The U.S. Deputy Mission Chief said a minimum-wage increase “did not take economic reality into account” and simply “appealed to the unemployed and underpaid masses.” But as Ryan Chittum of the Columbia Journalism Review explained , the proposed wage increase would have been only the most trivial additional expense for the American garment manufacturers: 
“As of last year Hanes had 3,200 Haitians making t-shirts for it. Paying each of them two bucks a day more would cost it about $1.6 million a year. Hanesbrands Incorporated made $211 million on $4.3 billion in sales last year, and presumably it would pass on at least some of its higher labor costs to consumers. Or better yet, Hanesbrands CEO Richard Noll could forego some of his rich compensation package. He could pay for the raises for those 3,200 t-shirt makers with just one-sixth of the $10 million in salary and bonus he raked in last year.” 
“U.S. Deputy Mission Chief said a minimum-wage increase ‘did not take economic reality into account” and simply ‘appealed to the unemployed and underpaid masses.’” 
The truth of the “economic reality” was that the Haitian undergarment sector was hardly likely to become wildly less competitive as a result of the increase. The effort to suppress the minimum wage was not solely a Clinton project. It was also a “concerted effort on the part of Haitian elites, factory owners, free trade proponents, U.S. politicians, economists, and American companies.” But it was in keeping with the State Department’s priorities under Clinton, which prioritized creating a favorable business climate. It was that same familiar Clinton move “from aid to trade.” Bill Clinton’s program for Haitian development, designed by Oxford University economist Paul Collier, “ had garment exports at its center.” Collier wrote that because of “propitious” factors like “poverty and [a] relatively unregulated labor market, Haiti has labor costs that are fully competitive with China.” But the Clintons’ role in Haiti would soon expand even further. In 2010, the country was struck by the worst earthquake in its history. The disaster killed 160,000 people and displaced over 1.5 million more. (The consequences of the earthquake were exacerbated by the ruined state of the Haitian food economy, plus the concentration of unemployed Haitian farmers in Port-au-Prince.) Bill Clinton was soon put in charge of the U.S.-led recovery effort. He was appointed to head the Interim Haiti Recovery Commission (IHRC), which would oversee a wide range of rebuilding projects. At President Obama’s request, Clinton and George W. Bush created the “Clinton-Bush Haiti Fund,” and began aggressively fundraising around the world to support Haiti in the earthquake’s aftermath. (With Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State overseeing the efforts of USAID, the Clintons’ importance to the recovery could not be overstated; Bill’s appointment meant that “at every stage of Haiti’s reconstruction—fundraising, oversight and allocation—a Clinton was now involved.” 
Despite appearances, the Clinton-Bush fund was not focused on providing traditional relief. As they wrote , “[w]hile other organizations in Haiti are using their resources to deliver immediate humanitarian aid, we are using our resources to focus on long-term development.” While the fund would advertise that “100% of donations go directly to relief efforts,” Clinton and Bush adopted an expansive definition of “relief” efforts, treating luring foreign investment and jobs as a crucial part of earthquake recovery. On their website, they spoke proudly of what the New York Daily News characterized as a program of “supporting longterm programs to develop Haiti’s business class.” 
“At every stage of Haiti’s reconstruction—fundraising, oversight and allocation—a Clinton was now involved.” 
The strategy was an odd one. Port-au-Prince had been reduced to ruin, and Haitians were crowded into filthy tent cities, where many were dying of a cholera outbreak (which had itself been caused by the negligence of the United Nations). Whatever value building new garment factories may have had as a longterm economic plan, Haitians were faced with somewhat more pressing concerns like the basic provision of shelter and medicine, as well as the clearing of the thousands of tons of rubble that filled their streets. 
The Clinton-led recovery was a disaster. A year after the earthquake, a stinging report from Oxfam singled out Clinton’s IHRC as creating a “quagmire of indecision and delay” that had made little progress toward successful earthquake recovery. Oxfam found that: 
“…less than half of the reconstruction aid promised by international donors has been disbursed. And while some of that money has been put toward temporary housing, almost none of the funds have been used for rubble removal.” 
Instead, the Clinton Foundation, IHRC, and State Department created what a Wall Street Journal writer called “a mishmash of low quality, poorly thought-out development experiments and half-finished projects.” Haitian IHRC members lamented that the commission had produced “a disparate bunch of approved projects. . . [that] do not address as a whole either the emergency situation or the recovery, let alone the development, of Haiti.” A 2013 investigation by the Government Accountability Office found that most money for the recovery was not being dispersed, and that the projects that were being worked on were plagued by delays and cost overruns. Many Clinton projects were extravagant public relations affairs that quickly fizzled. For example, The Washington Post reported that : 
“…[a] 2011 housing expo that cost more than $2 million, including $500,000 from the Clinton Foundation, was supposed to be a model for thousands of new units but instead has resulted in little more than a few dozen abandoned model homes occupied by squatters.” 
“ A stinging report from Oxfam singled out Clinton’s IHRC as creating a ‘quagmire of indecision and delay.’” 
Other Clinton ventures were seen as “disconnected from the realities of most people in the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere.” Politico reported that many Clinton projects “have primarily benefited wealthy foreigners and the island’s ruling elite, who needed little help to begin with.” For example, “the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund invested more than $2 million in the Royal Oasis Hotel, where a sleek suite with hardwood floors costs more than $200 a night and the shops sell $150 designer purses and $120 men’s dress shirts.” 
Predictably, the Royal Oasis didn’t do an especially roaring trade; The Washington Post reported that “[o]ne recent afternoon, the hotel appeared largely empty, and with tourism hardly booming five years after the quake, locals fear it may be failing.” In a country with a 30-cent minimum wage, investing recovery dollars in a luxury hotel was not just offensive, but economically daft. Sometimes the recovery projects were accused not only of being pointless, but of being downright harmful. For instance, Bill Clinton had proudly announced that the Clinton Foundation would be funding the “construction of emergency storm shelters in Léogâne.” But an investigation of the shelters that the Foundation had actually built found that they were “shoddy and dangerous” and full of toxic mold. The Nation discovered , among other things, that the temperature in the shelters reached over 100 degrees, causing children to experience headaches and eye irritations (which may have been compounded by the mold), and that the trailers showed high levels of carcinogenic formaldehyde, linked to asthma and other lung diseases. The Clinton Foundation had subcontracted the building of the shelters to Clayton Homes, a firm that had already been sued in the United States by the Federal Emergency Management Administration (FEMA) for “having provided formaldehyde-laced trailers to Hurricane Katrina victims.” (Clayton Homes was owned by Warren Buffett ’s Berkshire Hathaway, and Buffett had been a longstanding major donor to the Clinton Foundation.) The Nation ’s investigation reported on children whose classes were being held in Clinton Foundation trailers. Their semester had just been cut short, and the students sent home, because the temperature in the classrooms had grown unbearable. The misery of the students in the Clinton trailers was described: 
“Judith Seide, a student in Lubert’s sixth-grade class [explained that] she and her classmates regularly suffer from painful headaches in their new Clinton Foundation classroom. Every day, she said, her ‘head hurts and I feel it spinning and have to stop moving, otherwise I’d fall.’ Her vision goes dark, as is the case with her classmate Judel, who sometimes can’t open his eyes because, said Seide, ‘he’s allergic to the heat.’ Their teacher regularly relocates the class outside into the shade of the trailer because the swelter inside is insufferable. Sitting in the sixth-grade classroom, student Mondialie Cineas, who dreams of becoming a nurse, said that three times a week the teacher gives her and her classmates painkillers so that they can make it through the school day. ‘At noon, the class gets so hot, kids get headaches,’ the 12-year-old said, wiping beads of sweat from her brow. She is worried because ‘the kids feel sick, can’t work, can’t advance to succeed.’” 
“Three times a week the teacher gives her and her classmates painkillers so that they can make it through the school day.” 
The most notorious post-earthquake development project, however, was the Caracol industrial park . The park was pitched as a major job creator, part of the goal of helping Haiti “build back better” than it was before. The State Department touted the prospect of 100,000 new jobs for Haitians, with Hillary Clinton promising 65,000 jobs within five years. The industrial park followed the Clintons’ preexisting development model for Haiti: public/private partnerships with a heavy emphasis on the garment industry. Even though there were still hundreds of thousands of evacuees living in tents, the project was based on “the more expansive view that, in a desperately poor country where traditional foreign aid has chronically failed, fostering economic development is as important as replacing what fell down.” Much of the planning was focused on trying to lure a South Korean clothing manufacturer to set up shop there, by plying them with U.S. taxpayer funding. The Caracol project was “the centerpiece” of the U.S.’s recovery effort. A gala celebrating its opening featured the Clintons and Sean Penn, and it was treated as the emblem of the new, “better” Haiti, that would demonstrate the country’s commitment to being “open for business.” In order to build the park, hundreds of poor farmers were evicted from their land, so that millions of dollars could be spent transforming it. 
But the project was a terrible disappointment. After four years, it was only operating at 10% capacity , and the jobs had failed to materialize : 
Far from 100,000 jobs—or even the 60,000 promised within five years of the park’s opening— “Caracol currently employs just 5,479 people full time. That comes out to roughly $55,000 in investment per job created so far; or, to put it another way, about 30 times more per job than the average [Caracol] worker makes per year. The park, built on the site of a former U.S. Marine-run slave labor camp during the 1915-1934 U.S. occupation, has the best-paved roads and manicured sidewalks in the country, but most of the land remains vacant.” 
Most of the seized farmland went unused, then, and even for the remaining farmers, “ surges of wastewater have caused floods and spoiled crops.” Huge queues of unemployed Haitians stood daily in front of the factory, awaiting jobs that did not exist. The Washington Post described the scene: 
“Each morning, crowds line up outside the park’s big front gate, which is guarded by four men in crisp khaki uniforms carrying shotguns. They wait in a sliver of shade next to a cinder-block wall, many holding résumés in envelopes. Most said they have been coming every day for months, waiting for jobs that pay about $5 a day. From his envelope, Jean Mito Palvetus, 27, pulled out a diploma attesting that he had completed 200 hours of training with the U.S. Agency for International Development on an industrial sewing machine. ‘I have three kids and a wife, and I can’t support them,’ he said, sweating in the hot morning sun. ‘I have a diploma, but I still can’t get a job here. I still have nothing.’” 
“ The interests of the market, the interest of foreigners are prioritized over the majority of people who are impoverished in Haiti.” 
For some , the Caracol project perfectly symbolized the Clinton approach: big promises, an emphasis on sweatshops, incompetent management, and little concern for the actual impact on Haitians. “Caracol is a prime example of bad help,” as one Haiti scholar put it . “The interests of the market, the interest of foreigners are prioritized over the majority of people who are impoverished in Haiti.” 
But, failure as it may have been, the Caracol factory was among the more successful of the projects, insofar as it actually came into existence. A large amount of the money raised by Bill Clinton after the earthquake, and pledged by the U.S. under Hillary Clinton, simply disappeared without a trace, its whereabouts unknown. As Politico explained : 
“Even Bill’s U.N. Office of the Special Envoy couldn’t track where all of [it] went—and the truth is that still today no one really knows how much money was spent ‘rebuilding’ Haiti. Many initial pledges never materialized. A whopping $465 million of the relief money went through the Pentagon, which spent it on deployment of U.S. troops—20,000 at the high water mark, many of whom never set foot on Haitian soil. That money included fuel for ships and planes, helicopter repairs and inscrutables such as an $18,000 contract for a jungle gym… Huge contracts were doled out to the usual array of major contractors, including a $16.7 million logistics contract whose partners included Agility Public Warehousing KSC, a Kuwaiti firm that was supposed to have been blacklisted from doing business with Washington after a 2009 indictment alleging a conspiracy to defraud the U.S. government during the Iraq War.” 
The recovery under the Clintons became notorious for its mismanagement. Clinton staffers “ had no idea what Haiti was like and had no sensitivity to the Haitians.” They were reportedly rude and condescending toward Haitians, even refusing to admit Haitian government ministers to meetings about recovery plans. While the Clintons called in high-profile consulting firms like McKinsey to draw up plans, they had little interest in listening to Haitians themselves. The former Haitian prime minister spoke of a “weak” American staff who were “more interested in supporting Clinton than helping Haiti.” 
“A large amount of the money raised by Bill Clinton after the earthquake, and pledged by the U.S. under Hillary Clinton, simply disappeared without a trace, its whereabouts unknown.” 
One of those shocked by the failure of the recovery effort was Chelsea Clinton, who wrote a detailed email to her parents in which she said that while Haitians were trying to help themselves, every part of the international aid effort, both governmental and nongovernmental, was falling short. “The incompetence is mind numbing,” she wrote . Chelsea produced a detailed memorandum recommending drastic steps that needed to be taken in order to get the recovery on track. But the memo was kept within the Clinton family, released only later under a Freedom of Information Act disclosure of Hillary’s State Department correspondence. If it had come out at the time, as Haiti journalist Jonathan Katz writes , it “would have obliterated the public narrative of helpful outsiders saving grateful earthquake survivors that her mother’s State Department was working so hard to promote.” 
The Clintons’ Haiti recovery ended with a whimper. The Clinton-Bush Haiti Fund distributed the last of its funds in 2012 and disbanded, without any attempt at further fundraising. The IHRC “ quietly closed their doors” in October of 2011, even though little progress had been made. As the Boston Review ’s Jake Johnston explained , though hundreds of thousands remained displaced, the IHRC wiped its hands of the housing situation: 
“[L]ittle remained of the grand plans to build thousands of new homes. Instead, those left homeless would be given a small, one-time rental subsidy of about $500. These subsidies, funded by a number of different aid agencies, were meant to give private companies the incentive to invest in building houses. As efforts to rebuild whole neighborhoods faltered, the rental subsidies turned Haitians into consumers, and the housing problem was handed over to the private sector.” 
The Clintons themselves simply stopped speaking about Haiti. After the first two years, they were “nowhere to be seen” there, despite Hillary’s having promised that her commitment to Haiti would long outlast her tenure as Secretary of State. Haiti has been given little attention during Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign, even though the Haiti project was ostensibly one of great pride for both Clintons. 
“One of those shocked by the failure of the recovery effort was Chelsea Clinton.” 
The widespread consensus among observers is that the Haiti recovery, which TIME called the U.S.’s “compassionate invasion,” was a catastrophically mismanaged disappointment. Jonathan Katz writes that “it’s hard to find anyone these days who looks back on the U.S.-led response to the January 12, 2010, Haiti earthquake as a success.” While plenty of money was channeled into the country, it largely went to what were “little more than small pilot projects—a new set of basketball hoops and a model elementary school here, a functioning factory there.” 
The end result has been that little has changed for Haiti. “Haitians find themselves in a social and economic situation that is worse than before the earthquake,” reports a Belgian photojournalist who has spent 10 years in Haiti: 
“Everyone says that they’re living in worse conditions than before… When you look at the history of humanitarian relief, there’s never been a situation when such a small country has been the target of such a massive influx of money and assistance in such a short span of time… On paper, with that much money in a territory the size of Haiti, we should have witnessed miracles; there should have been results.” 
“If anything, they appear worse off,” says Foreign Policy of Haiti’s farmers. “I really cannot understand how you could raise so much money, put a former U.S. president in charge, and get this outcome,” said one Haitian official. Indeed, the money donated and invested was extraordinary. But nobody seems to know where it has gone. 
Haitians direct much of the blame toward the Clintons. As a former Haitian government official who worked on the recovery said , “[t]here is a lot of resentment about Clinton here. People have not seen results. . .. They say that Clinton used Haiti.” Haitians “ increasingly complain that Clinton-backed projects have often helped the country’s elite and international business investors more than they have helped poor ‘Haitians.” There is a “suspicion that their motives are more to make a profit in Haiti than to help it.” And that while “striking a populist pose, in practice they were attracted to power in Haiti.” 
But perhaps we should be more forgiving of the Clintons’ conduct during the Haitian recovery. After all, instead of doing true harm, the Clintons simply failed to do much good. And perhaps it’s better to have a luxury hotel than not to have one, better to have a few jobs than none at all. Thanks to Bill Clinton, there’s a gleaming new industrial park, albeit one operating at a fraction of its capacity. 
Yet it’s a mistake to measure Clinton against what would have happened if the United States had done nothing at all for Haiti. The question is what would have happened if a capable, nonfamous administrator, rather than a globetrotting narcissist, had been placed in charge. Tens of millions of dollars were donated toward the Haiti recovery by people across the world; it was an incredible outpouring of generosity. The squandering of that money on half-baked development schemes (mainly led by cronies ), and the ignoring of Haitians’ own demands, mean that Clinton may have caused considerable harm through his failure. Plenty of people died in tent cities that would not have died if the world’s donations had been used effectively. 
“Defending the Clintons’ Haiti record is an impossible endeavor.” 
Democrats have bristled at recent attempts by Donald Trump to criticize Hillary Clinton over her record in Haiti. Jonathan Katz, whose in-depth reporting from Haiti was stingingly critical of the Clintons, has now changed his tune , insisting that we all bear the responsibility for the failed recovery effort. When Trump accused the Clintons of squandering millions building “a sweatshop” in Haiti in the form of the Caracol park, media fact-checkers quickly insisted he was spewing Pinocchios. The Washington Post said that while Clinton Foundation donors may have financially benefited from the factory-building project, they benefited “writ large” rather than “directly.” The Post cited the words of the factory’s spokesman as evidence that the factory was not a sweatshop, and pointed out that Caracol workers earned at least “minimum wage” (failing to mention that minimum wage in Haiti remains well under a dollar). PolitiFact also rated the sweatshop claim “mostly false,” even though Katz notes “long hours, tough conditions, and low pay” at the factory and PolitiFact acknowledges the “ongoing theft of legally-earned wages.” 
Defending the Clintons’ Haiti record is an impossible endeavor, one Democrats should probably not bother attempting. As the Center for Economic and Policy Research, which has studied the recovery, noted , when it comes to the Clinton-led recovery mission, “it’s hard to say it’s been anything other than a failure.” Haitians are not delusional in their resentment of the Clintons; they have good reason to feel as if they were used for publicity, and discarded by the Clintons when they became inconvenient. 
None of this means that one should vote for Donald Trump for president. His tears for Haiti are those of a highly opportunistic crocodile, and his interest in the country’s wellbeing began at the precise moment that it could be used a bludgeon with which to beat his political opponent. As we have previously noted in this publication , one does not need to be convinced that Hillary Clinton is an honorable person in order to be convinced that she is the preferable candidate. It is important, however, not to maintain any illusions, not to stifle or massage the truth in the service of short-term electoral concerns. It remains simultaneously true that a Clinton presidency is our present least-worst option and that what the Clintons did to Haiti was callous, selfish, and indefensible.",0
13448,Crossing the Border? Here’s How to Safeguard Your Data From Searches - The New York Times,"Travelers, beware: When you take your gadgets abroad, maintaining the security of the data on your devices is just as important as protecting yourself from muggers. For whatever reason, foreign and domestic governments may have an interest in your personal data, including your social media accounts. This is not just theoretical. Several travelers, including American citizens like Haisam Elsharkawi, were recently pressured into giving officers from the United States Customs and Border Protection access to their cellphones at the airport. Some travelers now face additional privacy risks because of a new regulation that separates them from their computing equipment. This week, the Department of Homeland Security announced that passengers traveling from eight   countries to the United States could not bring devices larger than cellphones onto planes. So computers, tablets and other devices will have to be stowed in checked luggage. Legally, citizens are not required to unlock their cellphones or share their passwords with United States government officials. But rules may vary depending on where you are traveling to and from. And any stopping by a government official can be inconvenient, and even intimidating. What to do? There’s one thing all the experts agree on: Do not lie to government officials about your passwords or social media accounts. “They’d make your life miserable if they found that out,” said Jeremiah Grossman, the head of security strategy for SentinelOne, a computer security company. But there are methods for safeguarding your cellphones, tablets and computers from invasive searches, all while remaining honest. Here are some of the best tips, based on interviews with security and forensics specialists. The best way to prevent your information from being searched is to travel with a device that never had any of your data in the first place. It’s a wise idea to invest in a   travel device, a cheap smartphone or computer that you use only abroad: You don’t want your nice equipment to get lost or stolen while traveling, anyway, let alone searched by border agents. So leave your fancy equipment  —   along with your photo album, Facebook, Snapchat and Twitter apps  —   at home. Which devices to buy? The Wirecutter, the product recommendations site owned by The New York Times, published a guide on budget Android phones, including the $100 Moto G4 Play that comes unlocked so that it can work with foreign SIM cards. For cheap computers, consider a $550 Acer laptop or a $430 Dell Chromebook. Fingerprint sensors, like the ones found on many Apple and Android smartphones, are a nifty security feature for unlocking your phone quickly. But Jonathan Zdziarski, a security researcher who has taught forensics courses to law enforcement agencies on collecting data from smartphones, said your best bet when traveling was to turn the feature off. That’s because in the United States, law enforcement agencies have successfully used warrants to compel people to unlock their cellphones with a fingerprint. But because of your right to remain silent, it would be tough (though not impossible) for the federal government to force you to share your passcode. So disabling your fingerprint sensor when traveling is generally a safer move. The best way to protect your passwords is to not know them. When resisting a data frisk, it is easier to say you didn’t memorize your password as opposed to refusing to provide it to border agents, Mr. Grossman said. “If you don’t know them it’s hard to compel you to give them over if you don’t know how,” he said. “Even if somebody put a gun to my head, I don’t know it. ” Password management apps like 1Password and LastPass can automatically create strong, lengthy passwords for all your online accounts and keep them stored in a vault that is accessible with one master password. However, Mr. Grossman said you are better off traveling without your password management software loaded on your devices so that you won’t be asked to hand over the master password to your vault. You could store a copy of the password vault on a cloud service like Dropbox and get access to your vault of passwords when you reach your travel destination, he said. An alternative to using a   app is to write your passwords down and leave them with someone you trust. After getting through customs, contact that person and ask him or her to read off your passwords. In the unlikely event that you are asked to provide a password to your email or social media account, having   verification enabled will act as an extra safeguard  —   assuming that you left your primary cellphone at home. With   verification turned on, whenever you enter your password, you will receive a text message with a   code that you must enter before you can log in. Because the message containing the code would be sent to your phone at home, a customs agent wouldn’t be able to log in to your account even if you gave up your password. Of course,   verification could make logging in to your accounts difficult for yourself if you left your primary cellphone at home. You could always leave your phone with someone you trust and contact them to ask for codes when you are trying to log in. However, it would generally be wiser to stay off your social media accounts while traveling to avoid leaving any traces of data on a burner device. Whether you are using a burner device or your own, always make sure to lock down the system with encryption, which scrambles your data so it becomes indecipherable without the right key. Desktop apps like BitLocker or Apple’s FileVault let you encrypt your hard drive, requiring a passphrase to decrypt your files. To avoid surrendering this passphrase, you could jot it down and hand it to a friend and contact that person for the passphrase after crossing the border. When you’re traveling, at minimum you will need access to your address book and calendar, and you may also want to take some photos. But this is all sensitive information that border patrol agents could get their hands on. Your best option is to back up your data to a cloud service and then wipe, or erase, all the data from your device before arriving at the border, Mr. Zdziarski said. After passing through customs, you could then restore your information from the online backup.",0
13449,New Report Shows Colorado Cannabis Industry Contributes More to Economy Than All Other Industries,"
By Justin Gardner
The Colorado cannabis industry has quickly gone from bud to full flower, as indicated by a new in-depth data analysis by the Marijuana Policy Group.
Using a new “Marijuana Impact Model” they say is the first to “accurately characterize how this industry impacts the overall state economy,” the researchers confirmed the astounding positive impact that legalization has brought upon Colorado.
Legal cannabis activities generated an output of $2.39 billion in 2015, with almost $1 billion in sales for the year. The sales represent a 42.4 percent increase from the previous year, translating into a staggering 112 metric tons of buds and 132 metric tons of “flower-equivalent” products (edibles, concentrates, etc.). 
Cannabis now ranks number six in terms of product sales, following closely behind cigarette sales. It beats gold mining by a large margin, and even performing arts and sports venues as well as all non-grain crop farming.
However, the real impact is seen when put in terms of “output and employment per dollar spent,” where spending in the cannabis industry outperforms all private industries in Colorado – including coal and other mining, oil and gas, casinos, business services, general manufacturing and retail trade (incl. alcohol).
Each dollar spent on retail cannabis generates $2.40 in state output, while cannabis manufacturing follows with $2.34 and cannabis cultivation comes in at a close $2.13. Combining the three, cannabis is generating far more than any other entity, including federal government spending.
Much of this has to do with the fact that the Colorado cannabis industry operates almost entirely within the state, due to continuing prohibition in other states.
There is equally impressive news in the jobs sector, where legal cannabis created more than 18,000 jobs in a year .
“Legalization of marijuana created 18,005 full-time equivalent (FTE) jobs in 2015. Among those jobs, 12,591 were employees directly involved with the marijuana business — either in stores and dispensaries, cultivations, or infused product manufacturing operations. The remaining 5,414 full-time equivalent positions were generated by intermediate input purchases made by the cannabis industry for general business goods and services, and through general spending by marijuana industry employees and proprietors.”
Security guards comprise a significant portion of these indirect jobs, due in large part to the fact that the industry is still being forced to operate on a cash basis — because of asinine banking prohibitions by the federal government and the Federal Reserve .
This isn’t stopping entrepreneurs and other productive individuals from taking advantage of the new, wildly popular market. Legal cannabis is having profound effects in many other industries, including commercial real estate, construction, and a raft of business services.
The cannabis industry itself is growing at a faster pace than any other sector, at an astonishing 42.4 percent. Colorado’s general economic growth is at 3.5 percent and the U.S. average is 1.75 percent.
The growth analysis found a very interesting result that supports a primary argument for ending prohibition. 36.2 percent of the economic growth was the result of the disappearance of the black market. 
When people are free to indulge in the personal behavior of ingesting a substance – as they can with alcohol – they will naturally choose to do so through the legal market, even if it means having to pay exorbitant taxes.
And Colorado is gladly raking in this tax revenue.
“In 2015, marijuana taxes were the second largest revenue source among excise products in the state (e.g., tobacco, alcohol, and gaming).
Combined marijuana excise and sales tax revenues were $63.4 million in 2014, and $121.2 million in 2015. 5 For 2015, they were 14 percent larger than casino/gaming revenues, 6 about 5 percent less than lottery revenues, and almost three times larger than alcohol revenues.”
The huge increase in tax revenue is primarily caused by the rapid increase in recreational use sales since legalization in 2014, and the fact that recreational products are taxed at a much higher rate than medical cannabis products.
Interestingly, the report noted that a significant portion of the cannabis industry growth is coming from visitors who go to Colorado on cannabis vacations, rather than some other reason like skiing or hiking.
“This visitor demand segment is poised to grow from 14 metric tons in 2015, to 55.1 metric tons by 2020, based upon these new, sole-purpose visitors choosing Colorado as a marijuana destination.”
If there is one negative aspect to the report, it is that small cannabusinesses are struggling to stay alive as the industry becomes dominated by larger companies. While some of this is the natural result of competition, it appears that many of them are being regulated out of business by the state.
“Private industry owners purport that consolidation is not being caused purely by price competition, but instead by high compliance costs. For example, the owner of one of Colorado’s largest retailers recently stated that many small operations are unable to properly comply with the state’s complex regulations, leading them to exit the market.”
There lies the hidden barb of legalization. There’s no question that ending prohibition is the right thing to do, but government tends to place needless, cumbersome burdens on free enterprise which favors larger conglomerates and smothers the little guy. This ultimately leads to less competition and the tendency for monopolies to develop, which makes it easier for government to siphon their taxes.
All in all, though, the analysis by the Marijuana Policy Group is heartening, and it shows other states how incredibly beneficial it is when people regain freedom and a new market is born. The report is especially timely, as nine states will be voting in less than a week to expand legal access to cannabis through recreational and medicinal means. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Free Thought Project of thefreethoughtproject.com . 
The Free Thought Project is dedicated to holding those who claim authority over our lives accountable. ",0
13450,В День народного единства в Москве пройдет массове шествие,"  АР 
Как сообщается на сайте Общественной палаты(ОП), шествие начнется в 10:30 от Пушкинской площади, колонна пройдет по Тверской улице и завершит свое движение на Манежной площади. В 11:00 на пересечении ул. Тверской с улицами Охотный ряд и Моховая начнется митинг-концерт. Предполагается, что участие в мероприятиях примут около десяти тысяч человек. 
Ранее Pravda. Ru писала, что инициативная группа Общественной палаты РФ намерена обратиться к столичным властям с заявкой на проведение шествия и митинга-концерта ""Мы едины"" 4 ноября, в День народного единства. 
В состав инициативной группы вошли, в частности, секретарь ОП РФ Александр Бречалов, первый заместитель секретаря палаты Вячеслав Бочаров, член комиссии ОП РФ по развитию общественной дипломатии и поддержке соотечественников за рубежом, поэт Андрей Дементьев. 
ОП призывает присоединиться к акции гражданских активистов, некоммерческие организации, общественные объединения, национально-культурные автономии, каждого, для кого День народного единства — важный и радостный праздник. 
Напомним, в акции ""Мы едины"" в прошлом году в российской столице приняли участие около 85 тысяч человек. 
Актер Евгений Стеблов ранее рассказал Pravda. Ru об отношении к празднованию Дня народного единства: ""Я родился в советское время и народ привык к так называемым ноябрьским праздникам. Есть это внутреннее какое-то ожидание ноябрьских праздников. Не идеологических, не коммунистических, а просто — в ноябре будет праздник. И когда сделали День народного единства 4-го числа — я считаю, это разумное решение. Оно, с одной стороны, удовлетворяет эту потребность ноябрьских праздников, с другой — ставит все по своим местам, потому что повод гораздо более достойный, чем переворот октябрьский"". 
Согласно опросу Фонда ""Общественное мнение"", День народного единства, который отмечается в России 4 ноября, для большинства россиян уже стал ""родным"" праздником. 
По данным социологов, большинство респондентом были в курсе, какой именно праздник отмечается в России 4 ноября. Так 42% участников опроса верно назвали его ""День единения наций и народностей России"", ""День народного единства"". Некоторые, впрочем, называли его правильно, но приблизительно ""День какого-то единства"". При этом 8% опрошенных уверены, что Россия в эту дату празднует День независимости, а еще 5% — что День России. 
Специалисты Фонда сделали вывод: ""Так или иначе, праздник этот считается нужным, и доля придерживающихся такого мнения год от года растет"". 
При этом многие россияне считают 4 ноября важным для себя праздником. Как заявили социологи, на вопрос ""Если говорить в целом, по вашему мнению, нужен или не нужен России такой праздник, как День народного единства?"" большинство (69%) ответило — нужен. 
В целом россияне отмечают рост чувства единства нации на фоне роста международной напряженности и внешнего давления на Россию. Об этом свидетельствует недавний опрос Всероссийского центра изучения общественного мнения (ВЦИОМ). Как отмечают жители нашей страны, главный объединяющий фактор — это умение объединиться в тяжелые для страны времена. 
  ""Россию объединяют любовь друг к другу и Родине!"" Поделиться:",0
13451,De Blasio’s Police Reform Pledges May Burden His Re-election Bid - The New York Times,"As Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York turns toward his   fight next year, an issue that galvanized his first run  —   achieving significant police reform  —   is suddenly becoming a liability. Caught in the gap between his soaring rhetoric as an outsider candidate and the realities of leading a city with a   sensitivity to crime, Mr. de Blasio is disappointing many who once supported him, in a community he can ill afford to lose: the black voters who propelled him to office. “All I know is, in all our circles, folks have conversations and there’s a buzz going around about the disappointment,” said Bertha Lewis, the former leader of Acorn who served on Mr. de Blasio’s transition team in 2014, but has become a vocal critic. “There’s a growing enthusiasm gap. ” Throughout the mayor’s term, there have been opportunities for him to live up to his image and his promise as a   police reformer. Instead, those issues have become magnets for dissent. Tens of thousands in extra pay for Daniel Pantaleo, the Staten Island officer who put Eric Garner in a fatal chokehold in 2014. Disciplinary records newly shielded from disclosure. Resistance to   legislation in the City Council. Continuing fidelity to a “ ” model of policing. Frustration can be heard at New York Communities for Change, a social justice advocacy group and early endorser of Mr. de Blasio in the 2013 Democratic primary, and from a former aide, Kirsten John Foy, whose handcuffing at a Brooklyn parade in 2011 helped galvanize Mr. de Blasio’s views on the need for changes in police practices. Last month, Mr. Foy stood alongside Representative Hakeem Jeffries, a Brooklyn Democrat and a possible challenger to Mr. de Blasio in 2017, at a protest outside Police Headquarters. At the Council, a growing number of members have been refusing to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance at the start of meetings, in part, they say, because of the administration’s handling of policing issues. Councilman Jumaane D. Williams, who was detained along with Mr. Foy in 2011, began the effort, saying his decision to offer the silent protest came after he learned that Officer Pantaleo accrued overtime pay while on modified duty. “That’s what brought me over the edge,” said Mr. Williams, a Democrat from Brooklyn. “I had to do something. ” On the other side, members of the Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association have orchestrated protests outside the mayoral residence at Gracie Mansion, and by the Prospect Park Y. M. C. A. where Mr. de Blasio regularly works out. In their view, he has already gone too far. Mr. de Blasio, seemingly cognizant of his potential vulnerability, has responded in recent weeks. After the city’s    police tactics became an issue in the first presidential debate between Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton, the mayor seized the opportunity to emphasize his opposition to the overuse of the tactics during the administration of former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, doing so on national television and local radio. On Friday, he said that he would press for changes to state law to allow greater transparency with police disciplinary records, a pledge that garnered a lukewarm response from reform advocates. The mayor moved swiftly last month to restrict overtime pay to officers on modified duty  —   like Officer Pantaleo  —   then headed to Harlem to bring his message to a gathering at the Rev. Al Sharpton’s National Action Network. In the speech, the mayor outlined his administration’s efforts to improve relations between the police and minority communities  —   fewer arrests retraining of officers on the use of force a commitment to reinventing community policing  —   while embracing demands for more in the future. “That’s the only way things change,” Mr. de Blasio said. “Keep those demands coming. Keep the pressure on. ” Mr. de Blasio has not yet announced new police reform initiatives. Phil Walzak, a top mayoral aide, said the mayor would do so during his campaign, but he declined to characterize them. “I don’t think at any point is anyone saying, ‘All done here,’” Mr. Walzak said. “There’s more to do. But this mayor is absolutely committed to real reform. He’s put real reforms in place, and there’s more to come. ” Mr. de Blasio is also facing    pressure to embrace a distant and difficult goal: the closing of the Rikers Island jail complex. His campaign has stuck to a simple message when it comes to the police: Crime is down, even with far fewer of the   arrests and police stops that fall heavily on black and Hispanic communities. Dan Levitan, a spokesman for the mayor’s 2017 campaign, said Mr. de Blasio had “proven New York City can improve   relations while remaining the safest big city in America. ” Mr. Levitan pointed to poll numbers showing that Mr. de Blasio’s support remained high among black voters and had remained steady on questions of   relations. Indeed, Mr. Sharpton said the mayor’s “basic supporters have been pretty much satisfied. ” Critics of Mr. de Blasio’s concede that there have been changes at the Police Department during his tenure. But they lament that the reforms have been unilaterally taken and directed by the police themselves. And they focus on the apparent absence of punishment for officers, even for those involved in the   deaths of unarmed black men, like Mr. Garner and Ramarley Graham, who was fatally shot in his Bronx home in 2012. “When your training fails you in the field, there’s no accountability for that,” said Councilman Robert Cornegy, a Democrat who represents parts of Brooklyn. But, he added despairingly, the issue may not cost Mr. de Blasio at the polls because black voters are already “disaffected” in their hopes for police reform. “They’re disappointed,” Mr. Cornegy said of his black constituents, adding: “The   community and the Caribbean communities love really hard, and, consequently, when they’re done, they’re done really hard. They’re not at a done period. ” Policing presents a tightrope for any New York mayor, perhaps none more so than Mr. de Blasio, who began his administration amid the high hopes of reformers and the skeptical eye of    officers. Those tensions burst into public view starting in 2014 after street protests arose in response to a grand jury’s decision not to indict Officer Pantaleo in Mr. Garner’s death, followed by the killing of two patrol officers in Brooklyn and a de facto work slowdown by officers, as some turned their backs on the mayor while he spoke at the officers’ funerals. Mr. de Blasio has at times presented what he hopes will be a new model of community policing in ways that are likely to appeal to    officers. “This is not social work this is crime fighting,” he said recently when asked of the program, in terms oddly reminiscent of  the early administration of former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani. Representative Jeffries said the mayor’s resistance to the Council’s legislating police activity, his continued support of   policing  —   a tactic that involves aggressively going after minor offenses to prevent major ones  —   and his embrace of a proposal to make resisting arrest a felony were “not the positions of a police reformer. ” “These are the positions,” he continued, “of someone who seems afraid to aggressively go at the police unions that defend the status quo. ” That feeling has been shared by some who worked in the de Blasio administration, and say they were drawn there by the promise of making deep changes to the criminal justice system. Dominique Day worked on justice initiatives at the Mayor’s Office of Criminal Justice until January. She said she left disheartened at the lack of zeal for changes, such as improving the quality of the information used in the increasingly   interactions between New Yorkers and the criminal justice system. “You have this really exciting rhetoric of reform that has been embraced by almost everyone, including the police and prosecutors,” she said. “But in practice, it’s business as usual. ”",0
13452,"Merkel says Facebook, Google ‘distort perception,’ demands they ‘reveal algorithms’","German Chancellor Angela Merkel launched a broadside at internet media giants, accusing them of “narrowing perspective,” and demanding they disclose their privately-developed algorithms. Merkel previously blamed social media for anti-immigrant sentiment and the rise of the far right. “The algorithms must be made public, so that one can inform oneself as an interested citizen on questions like: what influences my behavior on the internet and that of others?” said Merkel during a media conference in Berlin on Tuesday.
“These algorithms, when they are not transparent, can lead to a distortion of our perception, they narrow our breadth of information.” 
Google uses an algorithm to decide which search results are first shown to a user, while Facebook arranges the order of the news feed, and decides to include certain posts from a user’s liked pages and friends, at the expense of others. Both sites also promote links to news articles, often based on a user’s own media interests.
These algorithms are at the core of the intellectual property of any social media or search website, and comprise some of the most highly-protected trade secrets in the world, potentially worth billions. No internet giant has ever revealed its inner workings.
Merkel did not specifically name Facebook, Google or Twitter, but implied that the large platforms are creating “bubbles” of self-reinforcing views, and squeezing out smaller news providers.
“The big internet platforms, via their algorithms, have become an eye of a needle which diverse media must pass through to reach users,” warned Merkel. “This is a development that we need to pay careful attention to.” 
The internet giants themselves have argued that the so-called social media bubble is largely a myth, and that online users have a wider access to differing views than under a pre-internet model, where most news would be acquired from just a handful of newspapers and one or two TV channels.
German establishment raises ‘Sword of Damocles’ over social media This is not the first attack on social media by Merkel and her Grand Coalition government, and while the German politician advocates diversity of views, she has previously accused it of perpetrating opinions that are most at odds with those of the establishment and traditional media.
Last month, Merkel accused AfD, the recently-established anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim party, which receives overwhelmingly negative coverage in most newspapers, of “spreading their lies” through social media, as it achieves breakthroughs in regional elections around the country.
A year ago, at the height of the refugee influx into the country, Merkel, who was first elected in 2005, was caught on a hot mic personally pressing Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to clamp down on anti-migrant posts during a UN session in New York.
A fortnight ago, the leader of Merkel’s parliamentary CDU faction, Volker Kauder, said that social media should be fined €50,000 for failing to remove “hate speech,” saying that a “Sword of Damocles” has to hang over social media. Kauder also called for warnings, similar to those on cigarette packs or before entering pornographic websites, to be given to those about to go on social media.
Justice Minister Heiko Maas – who said that there had been a 77 percent increase in hate crimes following the arrival of 900,000 asylum seekers – has given internet media companies until February next year to comply with EU directives on xenophobia and racism, or face legal action.
Source: RT News 
",0
13453,Ann Coulter: My Final Argument For Trump: Humiliate The Media!, ,0
13454,"Three in Florida, Virginia charged with voter fraud","Three in Florida, Virginia charged with voter fraud   Reuters 
Officials in Florida and Virginia filed voter fraud charges against three people in apparently unrelated cases on Friday, just 11 days before American voters cast ballots in the hotly contested presidential race. 
The charges targeted a Florida woman and a Virginia man accused of filing bogus voter registration forms and a Florida woman alleged to have tampered with absentee ballots she was opening at the Miami-Dade Elections Department. 
In the Iowa capital of Des Moines, county election officials referred three cases of suspected voter fraud to police earlier this week, leading to one arrest on Thursday, police said. 
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has charged in recent weeks that the election will be rigged in favor of Democrat Hillary Clinton, though he has shown no proof for these claims and many Republicans have called them unfounded. 
Miami-Dade State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle in Florida said that 74-year-old Gladys Coego had been working as an absentee ballot opener when a supervisor allegedly saw her changing ballots that had been left blank to support a mayoral candidate. Prosecutors said that Coego admitted to marking the ballots and was charged with two felony counts of marking or designating the ballot of another.",0
13455,Chuck Grassley Demands Answers About Illegal Aliens Accused of Raping 14-Year-Old - Breitbart,"Iowa Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley fired off letters to two Cabinet agencies demanding answers about the illegal alien suspected accused of raping a    girl during school hours at Rockville High School. [Officials in the Maryland county where the alleged March 16 rape use their legal power to shield illegal aliens with criminal convictions from being sent home  —   and Grassley wants to know how the Department of Homeland Security plans to stop the possible release of illegal alien suspects Henry E. Sanchez. Sanchez Milian, 18, and Jose Montano, 17.  “Montgomery County, Maryland is a   sanctuary jurisdiction,” Grassley asked DHS Secretary John Kelly. “If Montgomery County or any other local law enforcement agency declines to honor a detainer or notify Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) regarding Jose Montano and Henry Sanchez Milian, what action will DHS take to ensure that they are not released from custody and allowed to reoffend?” Grassley also wants to review the agency’s record of the suspects’ immigration histories, criminal records, gang affiliations and immigration benefits. The Iowa senator also requested that Department of Health and Human Services, which oversaw young illegals from the Central American surge caught at the border and released into the U. S. under Obama administration policies, provide information about the illegal alien suspects’ sponsors. Roughly eighty percent of the illegal alien minors were placed in the custody of other illegals. Roughly eighty percent of the illegal alien minors released at the border were placed in the custody of other illegals. There is almost no monitoring of the young illegals once they’re shipped into the U. S. interior, an expert on illegal immigration told Breitbart News: “The federal office within HHS that is responsible for their resettlement has spent billions of dollars, but does little monitoring of the kids beyond one phone call to check in with the household. They say that many kids will not be at the address where they were resettled, and they lose track of most of them. ” Sanchez Milian and Montano allegedly dragged the young victim into a bathroom and forced her into a stall as she tried holding onto a sink. They allegedly raped the victim orally, vaginally, and anally, sometimes simultaneously, in a bathroom stall while she screamed, according to a police interview with the victim. A forensic specialist later found blood and bodily fluids in the boys’ bathroom after the victim told school staff about the alleged attack. The alleged   took place a month before her fifteenth birthday, according to the date of birth marked on the detective’s statement of probable cause. Sanchez Milian’s attorney claims the alleged rape was “consensual” and his client “is being used as an unjust scapegoat by the opponents of recent immigration practices. ” Sanchez Milian and Montano face “  rape and two counts of   sexual offense,” according to WTOP. com. ICE has a immigration detainer request on Sanchez Milian, but would not comment on Montano’s case since he is still a minor at 17. Read Grassley’s letters to Kelly and HHS Secretary Tom Price are here.",0
13456,‘Afghan Girl’ in 1985 National Geographic Photo Is Arrested in Pakistan - The New York Times,"An Afghan woman whose photograph as a young refugee with piercing green eyes was published on the cover of National Geographic in 1985, becoming a symbol of the turmoil of war in Afghanistan, was arrested on Wednesday in Pakistan on charges of fraudulently obtaining national identity cards. The woman, Sharbat Gula, was arrested at her residence in the northwestern city of Peshawar after more than a year of investigation, said Shahid Ilyas, the assistant director of the Federal Investigation Authority. “We raided the house and picked her up,” he said. “It took us a while to collect all the evidence against her, and the officials involved in helping her and her two sons get Pakistani national identity cards. ” He added, “We have the evidence now, and we are going to go for prosecution. ” The arrest came as the Pakistani authorities were cracking down on Afghans with illegal national identity cards. The authorities said Ms. Gula had illegally obtained a Pakistani identity card in 1988 and a computerized identity card in 2014, while retaining her Afghan passport, which she used in 2014 to travel to Saudi Arabia for the hajj. She faces up to 14 years in prison and a fine of $3, 000 to $5, 000 if she is convicted, according to the Dawn news agency. Her arrest goes to the heart of an ordeal confronting many Afghan refugees who fled across the border into Pakistan because of decades of war. The Pakistani crackdown on Afghans appears to have intensified since May, when the former Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Muhammad Mansour was killed in a drone strike in Baluchistan Province. He had been traveling with forged Pakistani documents, officials said. Gerry Simpson, a senior researcher and advocate for the Refugee Rights Program at Human Rights Watch, wrote online that 1. 5 million Afghans in Pakistan have received “proof of registration” cards, which protected them from deportation. About one million more who did not get the paperwork resorted to using false identity cards. Mr. Simpson wrote that Pakistan was now on a mission to repatriate all Afghans. The Pakistani authorities have revoked or blocked thousands of national identity cards illegally obtained by foreigners. Ms. Gula, who is believed to be in her 40s, was caught up in that dragnet when she was arrested. A court said on Wednesday that she could be kept in custody for two days while the authorities investigated. Ms. Gula was known as “the Afghan girl” when Steve McCurry’s photograph of her wearing a red scarf and staring directly at the camera became world famous in the ’80s. After the United States invaded Afghanistan, the photographer searched in 2002 for the schoolgirl he had photographed in a Pakistani refugee camp. He found her in the mountains of Afghanistan and put a name to the face. Mr. McCurry said in a statement on Wednesday that he had been informed of the arrest through a friend and was trying to find out more. “I am committed to doing anything and everything possible to provide legal and financial support for her and her family,” he said. “We object to this action by the authorities in the strongest possible terms,” he said. “She has suffered throughout her entire life, and we believe that her arrest is an egregious violation of her human rights. ” According to the 2002 National Geographic article about Mr. McCurry’s journey to find Ms. Gula, her exact age in the refugee camp had been unknown at the time because there were no records, but she was believed to have been 12. When he went back to look for her, she had returned to the mountains of Tora Bora in Afghanistan. He discovered that she belonged to the Pashtun ethnic group, and that she had returned to her village in Afghanistan during a lull in the fighting. She agreed to be photographed again because her husband told her it would be proper, he said. The magazine article described the adult Ms. Gula: “Time and hardship had erased her youth. Her skin looks like leather. The geometry of her jaw has softened. The eyes still glare that has not softened. ”",0
13457,BREAKING: Irrefutable Proof Obama Lied to Protect Hillary Clinton’s Run for the White House Read,"By Claire Bernish at theantimedia.org
Thanks to Wikileaks, we now have the smoking gun email irrefutably proving not only did President Barack Obama know about Hillary Clinton’s non-government-issued email account, he used it in correspondence with her.
Even more damning to the president’s credibility, it appears the lie was a purposeful attempt to protect Clinton’s upcoming bid for the presidency.
Shortly after the New York Times broke the story on March 2, 2015, of Clinton’s use of a personal server to supplant the government system — and, as has been revealed, to thwart transparency — Obama announced publicly his lack of prior knowledge.
“The same time everybody else learned it through news reports,” the president told CBS News White House correspondent Bill Plante, as Zero Hedge reported . “The policy of my administration is to encourage transparency, which is why my emails, the BlackBerry I carry around, all those records are available and archived.
“I’m glad that Hillary’s instructed that those emails about official business need to be disclosed.”
It wouldn’t be a stretch to imagine, however, Obama’s placid public appearance guarded secret internal panic — a panic echoed behind the scenes at the burgeoning Clinton campaign.
An email penned by Clinton campaign spokesman Josh Schwerin to Director of Communications, Jennifer Palmieri, and a few others, calling immediate attention to a tweet by journalist Katherine Miller paints an entirely different picture.
Miller tweeted a snippet of the aforementioned interview in which Plante asked Obama, “Mr. President, When did you first learn that Hillary Clinton used an email system outside the U.S. Government for official business while she was Secretary of State?”
“The same time everybody else learned it,” he responded, “through news reports.”
I have some questions here pic.twitter.com/ufkeoZCx2m",0
13458,2016 Asked What Its Fucking Problem Is,"We Use Cookies: Our policy [X] 2016 Asked What Its Fucking Problem Is November 11, 2016 - BREAKING NEWS , ENTERTAINMENT Share 0 Add Comment 
FOLLOWING the news that the year 2016 has added songwriting legend Leonard Cohen to its list of prominent homicides this year, the world has confirmed it wants to know what 2016’s fucking problem is. 
“You’re just fucking taking who you like – a funk and pop God, a Glam hero and someone I played on vinyl when I needed a good cry, I don’t get it. It’s like you are trying to ruin every day of my life,” Colm Henry, a Dublin native, shared as part of furious temper tantrum. 
“And don’t get me started on fucking Brexit and that shower in America,” Henry added while blocking out thoughts of whom 2016 might potentially take next. 
2016, a 366 day calendar year has been consistently criticised throughout its reign of terror as its record of killing people and a penchant for batshit crazy happenings compares unfavourably with its peers 2015, 2014 and 2013. 
“Raspberry Beret wasn’t supposed to make me sad, it was supposed to make me look like a fool on the dance floor at weddings, and 2016 has fucked that up for me, cheers, you complete bastard,” added Maggie Dunleahy, from Waterford. 
Livid members of the public also pointed out that 2016, despite having an Olympics and European Championships, still managed to leave people feeling ‘incredibly sad, frustrated and annoyed’. 
“It’s not too much to ask is it, for an explanation like, seriously, what the fuck is its problem?” added just about everyone.",0
13459,Comment on What You Need To Know About How Gut Bacteria Makes Us Fat & Thin by Good Summer Bugs! - BrendaWatson.com,"advertisement - learn more 
The main causes are an unhealthy diet, a sedentary lifestyle, and genetics, but considering how many people are affected by this issue and how much strain it is placing on our already overburdened medical systems, researchers are desperate to find other avenues to treat it. And through their efforts, they have now discovered that our gut plays a crucial role in weight management. 
New evidence suggests that gut bacteria alter the way we store fat, how we balance levels of glucose in the blood, and how we respond to hormones that make us feel hungry or full. If we have the wrong mix of microbes from birth, we may be predisposed to obesity and diabetes. 
Thankfully, researchers are starting to find the differences between the wrong and the right ones, and what factors determine those differences. Their hope is that, with this knowledge, they can prevent and maybe even reverse obesity. We also need to learn how to keep our gut microbes happy in order to avoid weight gain. This begins with redesigning our food choices. Understanding The Importance Of Microbes 
While researchers have long known about microorganisms in the human body, only in the past decade did they come to understand that they outnumber our own cells 10 to 1. And rapid gene-sequencing techniques have discovered that the biggest and most diverse of the bunch live in the large intestine and mouth. 
From birth, we build up our microbes, first from our mother’s bacteria and then from the environment around us. The genes of these microbes, collectively called the microbiome, have been diligently studied — researchers pinpointing their census, and now the kind of jobs they perform. advertisement - learn more 
It was first thought that gut microbes might play a role in obesity from studies comparing intestinal bacteria in obese and lean individuals. Researchers found that the gut community in lean people was very diverse, and they tended to have a wider variety of Bacteroidetes , which are a large tribe of microbes that work to break down bulky plant starches and fibers into smaller molecules in order for the body to use them as a source of energy. But obese people proved to have a much less diverse community. 
Other studies pointed out that these discrepancies aren’t necessarily responsible for obesity; however, one series of experiments with “humanized” mice concluded that there is a cause-and-effect relationship , and that obesity may be preventative. So the obesity conversation is now turning to how we can shape our gut ecosystem to work in our favor. Keep Evolving Your Consciousness Inspiration and all our best content, straight to your inbox. How Diet Plays A Role 
Jeffrey Gordon of Washington University in St. Louis and his team of researchers came to the conclusion that highly processed foods have been linked to a less diverse gut community in people by feeding humanized mice a specially prepared unhealthy chow high in fat and low in fruits, vegetables, and fiber. Mice with obese-type microbes grew fatter when housed with lean cagemates. The researchers found that the unhealthy diet kept the bacteria from moving in and flourishing. 
Studies have also found how diet can harm our gut bacteria and predispose us to obesity from the day we are born as well, showing that both formula-fed babies and infants delivered by cesarean section have a higher risk for obesity and diabetes than breast-fed babies or those delivered vaginally. For instance, Rob Knight of the University of Colorado Boulder and Maria Gloria Dominguez-Bello of N.Y.U. have found that when newborns traverse the birth canal, they ingest bacteria that helps them to digest milk . And babies raised on formula do not get substances in breast milk that both allow beneficial bacteria to thrive and prevent unhealthy ones from doing likewise. A Canadian study even concluded that a major reason for babies being more susceptible to allergies, asthma, eczema, and celiac disease, as well as obesity, may be due to them being fed formula instead of being breast fed . 
Antibiotics may also play a role in obesity, with research finding that young mice given low doses of antibiotics develop about 15 percent more body fat than mice that are not given such drugs. “Antibiotics are like a fire in the forest,” Dominguez-Bello proclaims. “The baby is forming a forest. If you have a fire in a forest that is new, you get extinction.” What’s Next 
Scientists hope the work they are doing on understanding the microbiome will introduce a new generation of tools to treat and prevent obesity, but with so much research still to be done, and so many questions to answer, time will only tell what will come of these various studies connecting the dots between the gut and weight. 
“Data from human studies are a lot messier than the mouse data,” explains Claire Fraser of the University of Maryland, who is studying the connection of obesity and gut microbes in the Old Order Amish population. 
Many scientists are still developing potential treatments nonetheless, including Dominguez-Bello, who is conducting a clinical trial in Puerto Rico where she will monitor the weight and overall health of babies born by cesarean section who are immediately swabbed with a gauze cloth laced with the mother’s vaginal fluids and resident microbes. 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
13460,Anonymous: Hillary Could Be In Handcuffs In 72 Hours!,"Obama and Michelle are out, she could be hauled off in handcuffs in 72 hours! Her only hope is Tim Kaine but he’s demanding a ransom in a Quatar bank. He wants a 130 foot boat. 

Federal Marshalls have Hillary under surveillance 24 hours a day! She will NOT go quietly, she has a fortress up there in Chelsea’s apartment – stuff going to ISIS! Automated guns!
It’s own power core and atmosphere.
",0
13461,’The Most Trusted National Leader Today’: 80 Percent of Filipinos Have ’Much Trust’ in Duterte,"A national poll released Monday showed Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte’s popularity holding steady, with 80 percent of respondents saying they have “much trust” in the controversial strongman. [The Social Weather Stations (SWS) polling occurs after every annual quarter, this poll taken between March 25 to 28 but published Monday. The SWS poll found that ten percent of the 1, 200 respondents had “little” trust in Duterte, and another nearly 11 percent were undecided. Reuters notes that this represents a   drop from his   “much trust” approval rating in December 2016. Throughout the entirety of SWS’s tracking of Duterte  —   since December 2015  —   Duterte has remained near the   mark, with his highest rating at 84 percent after his election but before his inauguration. Reuters adds that Duterte’s initial trust rating in December 2015 was at 47 percent.  Duterte’s ratings are better with men than women, as 83 percent of men and 79 percent of women say they had “much trust” in the president, gaining one percentage point among men and one among women. Regionally, his best ratings came from his native Mindanao, a southern Philippine island, where 90 percent of respondents said they had “much trust” in Duterte, down from 92 percent in December. The Philippine Star notes that the presidential palace announced the numbers with pride, as SWS deems an 80 percent “much trust” percentage as an “excellent” approval rating. “The President continues to be the most trusted national leader today,” presidential spokesman Ernesto Arbella told reporters. “His net trust rating has been excellent for four consecutive quarters, considering the deeply entrenched culture of illegal drugs, criminality and corruption. ” Duterte’s enduring popularity appears unaffected by a global campaign to raise awareness about his call for extrajudicial killings against drug suspects. Duterte, who won the presidency on a campaign to eradicate drug crime calling upon his   tenure as the mayor of Davao City, where he enacted sprawling   initiatives. Duterte has encouraged civilians to kill suspected drug criminals and offered them bounties. He also claimed to have killed suspects himself as mayor. In December, SWS found that his policies against drugs were largely popular. While 80 percent of respondents said they personally feared being killed as part of Duterte’s drug war, 85 percent said they approved of Duterte’s approach to solving the problem.   a regional broadcast outlet, quotes experts stating that Duterte’s popularity is largely the product of his populist,   image. “He comes across very strongly as ‘makamasa’ and it’s not only giving an impression, he packs that with good action,” Fr. Ranhilio Aquino, dean of the San Beda Graduate School of Law, told the outlet. “Makamasa” is a Tagalog term roughly meaning “man of the people. ” Duterte refuses to live in the presidential palace, Malacanang, in Manila, for fear of it being haunted by late presidents. Instead, he lives in his humble Mindanao home while he is not in the capital. In January, Duterte hosted Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at his home instead of Malacanang, offering him a traditional breakfast and his favorite mosquito net. The positive ratings for Duterte arrive as he embarks on a foreign policy venture around Asia. The presidential palace announced that Duterte will leave the country on May 10 to visit Cambodia, Hong Kong, and China. Among the items on Duterte’s agenda is a meeting of the World Economic Forum (WEF) where an estimated 700 “leaders from business, government, and civil society groups” will convene. Duterte’s visit to China also arrives following what appears to be a shift in policy from the Philippine president, who once boasted of seeking to sever ties with the United States to get closer to Beijing but has since offered President Donald Trump “full friendship and cooperation. ” Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.",0
13462,Cop Caught on His Own Body Camera Stealing Money From Unconscious Crash Victim,"Home / Badge Abuse / Cop Caught on His Own Body Camera Stealing Money From Unconscious Crash Victim Cop Caught on His Own Body Camera Stealing Money From Unconscious Crash Victim Matt Agorist November 1, 2016 1 Comment 
Denver, CO — A Denver cop has been arrested and suspended without pay after his own body camera footage caught him stealing $1,200 in cash from a crash victim. 
Instead of helping an unconscious crash victim, officer Julian Archuleta took advantage of the situation for his own personal gain by going through the man’s clothing and robbing him. Archuleta now faces charges of misdemeanor theft, 1st-degree official misconduct and tampering with physical evidence. 
According to an arrest affidavit, Archuleta responded to a call of shots fired in the early morning hours of October 7. The call then led to a short pursuit which ended as the car crashed. The driver got away while the passenger of the vehicle was knocked unconscious. 
Archuleta’s body camera then recorded the officer for the next 24 minutes and 40 seconds. In the footage, he took pictures of the scene and then searched the man’s clothing which had been removed by paramedics. 
In the video, Archuleta finds a stack of cash in the man’s pants with a $100 bill on top, according to the arrest affidavit. He then separates the $100 bill from the stack and a $1 bill remains on top. 
Throughout the footage, Archuleta shuffles money and rearranges paperwork in his patrol car, the affidavit said. 
According to the Denver Post, when a detective collected the cash and logged it into the property bureau as evidence, he counted $118 and did not find any $100 bills, the affidavit said. But while reviewing Archuleta’s body camera footage as part of the investigation, the detective noticed the $100 bill. 
Amazingly enough, instead of covering up the theft, the detective crossed the thin blue line and reported the inconsistency with the $100 bill to internal affairs. When confronted by investigators, Archuleta told them he would “check his war bag” to see if any of the money had slipped into a crevice in his patrol car. 
According to the arrest affidavit, Archuleta called the detective back an hour later and claimed he found 12 $100 bills that “must have fallen in his bag.” After being caught red-handed, Archuleta then turned in the money. 
According to the Post, the Denver district attorney’s office declined to prosecute the shooting suspect because of the missing cash and because Archuleta allegedly moved evidence inside the suspect’s vehicle before detectives had a search warrant, the affidavit said. 
Earlier this year, the Denver police department was equipped with body cameras. We now know why it took so long for the department to adopt them. Archuleta will now go down in history as the first Denver cop to be criminally charged based on body camera evidence. 
Like most cases of police theft, this incident is not isolated. In fact, just 2 months ago, Grants Police Department Sgt. Roshern C. McKinney, 33, was arrested after an investigation found that he’d stolen both money and marijuana from the police department. Like Archuleta, he entire theft was captured on the officer’s own body camera. McKinney has since been charged with marijuana distribution, conspiracy, and felony embezzlement. 
State police also charged McKinney’s 23-year-old girlfriend Tanicka Gallegos-Gonzales, for drug distribution and conspiracy. Both were arrested in Albuquerque and booked into the Sandoval County Detention Center, according to KOB. 
Public Information Officer for the New Mexico State Police, Elizabeth Armijo said Grants police chief, Craig Vandiver alerted state police after the department found video from Mckinney’s lapel camera that “exposed possible illicit activity by a Grants Police Department sergeant.” 
What does it say about the criminal tendency of some police officers when they are unable to practice restraint from theft — knowing that they are being recorded? Share Google + The Kali Whrite Boi 
Ok am NOT cool with corrupt criminal cops, but still this MSM puppet is infuriating. This “civilian” was fleeing a scene of “shots fired” leading the cop in a short chase before crashing. 
Stupid MSM puppets.",0
13463,CNN Predicts 2 Swing States Are Now Trending Toward Trump,"BREAKING: Trump Jumps in FL, Takes 4 Point Lead in OH 
Take for example Florida and Nevada, which had been consistently labeled “lean Democrat” by CNN but have now been shifted into the “battleground” category, according to The Hill . 
The shift was most likely due to a slew of new polls showing the race in Florida to be essentially tied, with some surveys placing Republican nominee Donald Trump up a couple of points while others still showed Clinton with a slight lead. 
The same holds true for Nevada . CNN also listed as “battleground” states places like Arizona, North Carolina, Ohio and Utah, even though Trump has shown a consistent lead in a few of those “toss-up” states. Advertisement - story continues below 
CNN still predicted a Clinton win, though her possible margin of victory had contracted significantly from previous estimates. 
CNN suspected that Clinton already has the 270 electoral college votes necessary to win via the states they have labeled “lean” or “solid Democrat.” 
Conversely, it projected that Trump only had about 179 electoral votes in hand from similarly labeled Republican states, leaving about 87 electoral votes up for grabs. 
Of course, as always, the situation remains much more fluid than the media would like to let on, and things can change quite rapidly, particularly considering that Clinton appears to be sliding in many states while Trump is steadily gaining ground across the country. Advertisement - story continues below",0
13464,Sources Say Weiner Ready to Sail Huma and Hillary Down the River – TruthFeed,"Sources Say Weiner Ready to Sail Huma and Hillary Down the River Sources Say Weiner Ready to Sail Huma and Hillary Down the River Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 1, 2016 
FBI sources say Weiner is looking to beat the “Child porn” wrap and is ready to sail Huma, Hillary and anyone else, down the proverbial river. 
Sources indicate that Weiner will swap a pass on kiddy porn in exchange for his cooperation in the email scandal. 
There’s no honor among thieves. Sources in FBI say that Weiner wants immunity for underage sex crimes in exchange for Clinton foundation & email scandal re Qatar pipeline. 
— Hector Morenco (@hectormorenco) November 1, 2016 
The email are rumored to outline a sinister and enormous pay to play deal involving a billion dollar pipeline. Soon the world will discover HRC & Obama are at the center of the Syrian conflict, profited from the Clinton foundation, & ignored ISIS. pic.twitter.com/PO0ziHiueX 
— Hector Morenco (@hectormorenco) October 30, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
13465,George Soros-Financed Groups Scheme to Stop Trump’s Temporary Refugee Halt Order - Breitbart,"TEL AVIV  —   Immigration lawyers from groups financed by billionaire George Soros, a champion of open border policies, were signatories to a lawsuit filed Saturday to block President Donald Trump’s executive order halting visas for 90 days for “immigrants and  ” from Syria, Somalia, Sudan, Libya, Yemen, Iran, and Iraq. [The executive order further suspended the entry of all refugees for 120 days, indefinitely blocks Syrian refugees from entering and lowers the ceiling to 50, 000 for refugees allowed to enter the U. S. during Fiscal Year 2017 .  The New York Times first reported on the lawsuit: At least one case quickly prompted a legal challenge as lawyers representing two Iraqi refugees held at Kennedy International Airport in New York filed a motion early Saturday seeking to have their clients released. They also filed a motion for class certification, in an effort to represent all refugees and other immigrants who they said were being unlawfully detained at ports of entry. The suit was filed by lawyers from the International Refugee Assistance Project, the National Immigration Law Center, the Jerome N. Frank Legal Services Organization at Yale Law School, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the International Refugee Assistance Project (formerly Iraqi Refugee Assistance Project) at the Urban Justice Center. The ACLU is massively funded by Soros’s Open Society Foundations, including with a $50 million grant in 2014. The National Immigration Law Center has received numerous Open Society grants earmarked for general support. The Urban Justice Center is also the recipient of an Open Society grant.  Taryn Higashi, executive director of the Center’s International Refugee Assistance Project, which is listed on the Trump lawsuit, currently serves on the Advisory Board of the International Migration Initiative of Soros’s Open Society Foundations. Over the last decade, Soros has reportedly provided some $76 million for immigrant issues. In 2014, the New York Times credited “immigrant rights groups” financed by Soros and a handful of other donors for influencing President Obama’s immigration policy. The newspaper reported: When President Obama announces major changes to the nation’s immigration enforcement system as early as next week, his decision will partly be a result of a yearslong campaign of pressure by immigrant rights groups, which have grown from a cluster of lobbying organizations into a national force. A vital part of that expansion has involved money: major donations from some of the nation’s wealthiest liberal foundations, including the Ford Foundation, the Carnegie Corporation of New York, the Open Society Foundations of the financier George Soros, and the Atlantic Philanthropies. Over the past decade those donors have invested more than $300 million in immigrant organizations, including many fighting for a pathway to citizenship for immigrants here illegally. In August, Breitbart Jerusalem first reported hacked documents from Soros’s Open Society Institute boasted that the billionaire and his foundation helped to successfully press the Obama administration into increasing to 100, 000 the total number of refugees taken in by the U. S. annually. The documents revealed that the billionaire personally sent President Obama a letter on the issue of accepting refugees. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook. With research by Brenda J. Elliott.",0
13466,Trump Supporters in Philadelphia Paint Nazi Propaganda on Election Night,"
Journalist Naomi Klein swatted down New York Times columnist and economist Paul Krugman on twitter, when he tried to lay the... Kenneth Lipp November 9, 2016 
A polling location in Azusa, California was just attacked by an active shooter, killing one and wounding at least three others,... Nathan Wellman November 8, 2016 
A Trump supporter has been taken into custody after pulling a gun on another voter at a polling location in... Nathan Wellman November 8, 2016 
Law enforcement was called on a man in East Lansing, Michigan for singling out two women wearing hijabs and allegedly attempting... Nathan Wellman November 8, 2016 
Right-wing propagandist James O’Keefe, famous for destroying ACORN by releasing a deceptively edited video that inaccurately implied that the low-income voting rights organization was... Nathan Wellman November 8, 2016 
In the latest example of excessive policing, a single mother in Stockton, California is facing up to a year in jail... Zach Cartwright November 7, 2016 
A Saint Louis mother is outraged after a photo surfaced, showing a local police officer pose next to her dead son’s... Zach Cartwright November 5, 2016 
A federal judge in battleground state North Carolina has ordered conservative state officials to restore thousands of people back onto the... Nathan Wellman November 5, 2016 
A US district judge in Ohio has officially issued a restraining order against Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s campaign in an... Nathan Wellman November 4, 2016 ",0
13467,Israel Continues To Dig At Heart Of Islam Beneath Al-Aqsa Mosque,"Posted on October 30, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in Middle East , News // 0 Comments Iranian expert Emad Abshenass says Israel has found a way to bypass international rules and continue to excavate under the Islamic holy site of al-Aqsa Mosque in the Old City of Jerusalem. 
Israel continues to ignore international rules and digs beneath al-Aqsa compound in Jerusalem, which could lead to the collapse of the al-Aqsa Mosque, one of the holiest sites in Islam outside of Mecca and Medina in Saudi Arabia, and an apocalyptic conflict with Islam. RELATED CONTENT Hamas Warns It Won’t ‘Sit Idly By’ As Israel Continues Striking Gaza 
The excavations are carried out by Israel in the name of science and archaeology to find evidence of Jewish history around the Temple Mount area, but could undermine the foundations of the old Mosque and pave the way for its collapse, which would then draw an anticipated Muslim backlash. 
Although UNESCO recently announced that the al-Aqsa Mosque compound is a Muslim holy site, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is “ not paying attention to international rules. “ 
Sputnik reports: 
“Apparently, Israel couldn’t accept such (UNESCO) position, and plans to continue excavations under the al-Aqsa Mosque. This is contrary to all possible rules, regulations, agreements and international obligations because after the monument was registered as a cultural heritage, any involuntary action that can destroy it is a crime against human rights,” Abshenass wrote for Sputnik Persian . 
UNESCO’s Executive Committee on Thursday voted for the resolution, which acknowledged Jerusalem to be a holy city for Muslims, Christians and Jewish people, but named the Temple Mount, where the Al-Asqa mosque is located, a Muslim holy site. Following the resolution, Israel decided to halt cooperation with the UN agency. 
“The Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu seems to have found a way to bypass the decision of UNESCO, according to which this mosque was declared a cultural heritage site of Muslims. He will carry out excavations at the mosque, and later, when the mosque collapses, he will declare it an accident, the consequences of which will be irreversible,” the expert wrote. 
According to Abshenass, if the Israelis continue their policy towards Muslims and don’t change their attitude, “then the level of terrorist activity in the world could increase.” 
The expert noted that one of the causes of the Palestinian intifada were “attacks” on Al-Aqsa Mosque. Thus Israel’s actions may again cause “attempts of retaliation” on the side of Muslims, he argued. 
The resolution, which was put forward by Palestine along with Lebanon, Egypt, Algeria, Morocco, Oman, Qatar and Sudan, was approved by 24 members of the 58-member organization, including Russia. Twenty-six countries abstained from voting, while only six countries voted against it.",0
13468,Ukraine Stunned as Vast Cash Reserves of Political Elite Are Made Public - Tyler Durden,"Bias bashers Ukraine Stunned as Vast Cash Reserves of Political Elite Are Made Public 
Ukraine is the latest country to discover that cronyism and corruption in politics pays - a lot - and is very unhappy about it. Originally appeared at Zero Hedge 
As a result of an anti-corruption reform requiring senior Ukrainian officials to declare their wealth online, the local population has been been exposed to the vast difference between the fortunes of politicians and those they represent. 
As Reuters reports , some declared millions of dollars in cash. Others said they owned fleets of luxury cars, expensive Swiss watches, diamond jewelry and large tracts of land - revelations that will crush public confidence in the authorities in Ukraine, where the average salary is just over $200 per month. Officials had until Sunday to upload details of their assets and income in 2015 to a publicly searchable database, part of an International Monetary Fund-backed drive to boost transparency and modernise Ukraine's recession-hit economy. 
As in the US, the corruption starts (and ends) at the top, and the value of Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko's assets soared despite economic crisis and conflict while those of other tycoons shrank in an annual wealth list published Friday. The 50-year-old Western-backed president 's business empire ranges from chocolates to media holdings still under his control. Poroshenko - a prominent fixture of the Panama Papers - retains control of a top TV channel and has failed to follow through on his promise to sell off his Roshen chocolate empire due to a lack of foreign interest and a dearth of rich-enough investors in Ukraine itself. 
The Novoye Vremya weekly showed the Ukrainian leader, often criticised for failing to curb the political powers of fellow tycoons, ranked as the country's sixth-richest man. Perhaps Poroshenko should be more criticized for focusing mostly on his own net worth at the expense of the general population: his reported assets rose by 20% to $979 million, only just supporting his claim he is no longer a billionaire. 
The president's official spokesman did not pick up his phone when contacted repeatedly by AFP. 
How did Poroshenko's wealth grow by hundreds of millions? Chocolate. 
""Poroshenko's (wealth) rose thanks to the rise in value of his candy business that- even in the midst of the deepest of crises - is developing quickly, building new capacities and conquering new markets,"" the weekly said. 
Poroshenko promotes himself as a Western-style businessman who built his empire from the ground up and kept to transparency standards that most others simply ignored. Many of Ukraine's other mega-rich scooped up their holdings at cut-price rates in pre-arranged privatisation deals in which which they rewarded the government by funding its parliamentary parties and campaigning for them in the media. 
Now, the people finally are starting to see right through it: ""This will not benefit the president's ratings or help improve Ukraine's image as a nation run by oligarchs,"" Vadym Karasyov of Kiev's Institute of Global Strategies told AFP. 
Poroshenko is not the only oligarch to take advantage of the ""crony capitalist chaos"" unleash in Ukraine with the US-backed 2014 presidential coup. Prime Minister Voldymyr Groysman, who last week likened the declarations process to jumping out of an airplane, revealed that he and his wife had a total of $1.2 million and 460,000 euros in cash and a collection of luxury watches. 
The database also shows that Groysman, a former businessman and provincial mayor, is not alone in preferring to keep much of his money out of Ukraine's banking system. Reuters calculations based on the declarations show that the 24 members of the Ukrainian cabinet together have nearly $7 million, just in cash . 
The declarations of two brothers in President Petro Poroshenko's faction, Bohdan and Yaroslav Dubnevych, show holdings of over $26 million, also in cash only . 
""When the Economy Ministry says that in some areas around 60 percent of the economy is in the shadows, then this is accounted for by the volume of cash registered by civil servants, officials and lawmakers,"" said Taras Kachka, deputy executive director at George Soros's International Renaissance Foundation. ""This is a reflection on the state of our society."" 
Justice Minister Pavlo Petrenko, who declared $1 million in a bank account and a further $500,000 in cash, said officials' decision to hold cash pointed to a mistrust in the banks that many Ukrainians could relate to. It also points to a burning desire not to have one's wealth easily confiscatable when another political regime emerges. 
""Of course to EU countries it seems uncivilised that people hold cash,"" he said. ""But it is linked to the fact that the banking system could, let's say, be doing better. This is a problem for many Ukrainians who lost their savings in the bank."" 
* * * 
Not everyone's wealth is soaring, however. The wealth list is topped by 49-year-old metals magnate Rinat Akhmetov, a controversial figure accused by some local media of impeding Poroshenko's efforts to halt the 18-month war in the pro-Russian east. Novoye Vremya said Akhmetov's fortunes had plunged by 56 percent to $4.5 billion due in part to the sharp recent fall in global commodity prices. 
Poroshenko's sworn political foe and banking giant Igor Kolomoyskiy came in third with an estimated fortune of $1.9 billion. The 52-year-old grey-bearded and fiercely outspoken figure finds himself in the peculiar position of being at odds with both Kiev and Moscow. Russia's state media accuse him of funding Ukrainian neo-Nazi combat units that commit grave crimes in the separatist east. 
Poroshenko's fight against Kolomoyskiy began with efforts to strip him of his indirect control of a state-owned oil company and culminated in the businessman losing his seat as governor of the industrially important Dnipropetrovsk region in March. Kolomoyskiy's wealth reportedly slipped by 17 percent due to the country's financial woes. 
* * * 
While the online declaration system has been intended to represent a show of good faith that officials are willing to open their finances up to public scrutiny, to be held accountable, and to move away from a culture that tacitly allowed bureaucrats to amass wealth through cronyism and graft, the public reaction has been one of shocked dismay at the extravagant lifestyles conjured up by many of the disclosures according to Reuters . 
""We did not expect that this would be such a widespread phenomenon among state officials. I can't imagine there is a European politician who invests money in a wine collection where one bottle costs over $10,000,"" said Vitaliy Shabunin, the head of the non-governmental Anti-Corruption Action Center. 
Something tells us Vitaliy would be surprised, although considering that some European politicans are ""allegedly"" even more corrupt than their Ukrainian peers, a similar exercise in transparency would never take place in Brussels as it would lead to revelations that put the Panama Papers to shame. 
Among the disclosures, it emerged that opposition bloc lawmaker Mikhail Dobkin's declaration included 1,780 bottles of wine and an antique copy of Russian novel Anna Karenina worth at least $5,500. Roman Nasirov, the head of the State Fiscal Service, disclosed that he and his wife owned Swiss watches, diamond jewellery, fur coats, fine porcelain and crystal glassware, an assault rifle and cash in euros and dollars worth $2.2 million. 
The declaration of Oleh Lyashko, the head of the populist Radical party who has styled himself as a representative of the common man, showed he rented a house and land in Kiev's most exclusive district and his household had cash worth the equivalent of over $1 million. 
* * * 
Other forms give an insight into particular hobbies and interests of Ukraine's elite. Ihor Hryniv, the head of Poroshenko's faction, has a collection of icons dating from the 14th century and several works by Ukrainian impressionist masters. Lawmaker Ihor Mosiychuk declared an array of antique weapons, including a 16th century Turkish scimitar, an English broadsword and a Nazi SS dagger . 
Many senior politicians filed their forms in the last two days before the deadline, resulting in a crescendo of surprise and anger on social media over the weekend. 
Some of the angriest responses came from members of the army. 
""I personally feel unwell. Or rather, like someone who has been beaten and is therefore unwell. I had no illusions about our political and official elite. But all the same, what's come out is beyond the pale ,"" Roman Donik, a volunteer to Ukraine's frontline troops, said on Facebook. 
Needless to say, Ukraine's corrupt politicians better watch out: the last group they want to anger with their show of wealth is the army, which will have no problem in ""redistributing"" it once . 
Actually, they should probably avoid any public contact for a while: the average Ukrainian citizen has been hit hard by the economic crisis that unfolded in the wake of the 2014 pro-European 'Maidan' uprising and subsequent pro-Russian separatist conflict. The national hryvnia currency has plummeted to 25 to the dollar from 8 in 2013 and energy tariffs have soared under the IMF-backed economic reform programme. 
As Reuters concludes, the latest revelations will likely add to public dissatisfaction with the current leadership's progress on reforms. A September poll showed that only 12.6 percent would now vote for Poroshenko's faction, down from 21.8 in the last election. Meanwhile support for populist and opposition parties has risen. The anti-corruption agency says it will now start verifying the declarations, but with over 100,000 forms submitted, it is unclear how thorough the process can be. 
* * * 
Ukraine's economy is on track to shrink by about 12 percent this year and only return to marginal growth should the eastern campaign end in 2016. 
So what's next: a presidential coup that brings back the ousted President Yanukovych under whom most were just as poor, but at least equally so? While purely hypothetical, it would be a fitting end to yet another disastrous US intervention in a foreign state's internal affairs.",0
13469,Physicist Explains Why We Haven’t Seen Extraterrestrials Yet & It’s Not Good,"Let’s review just how small we are in comparison to the universe: for every grain of sand on every beach on Earth there are 10,000 stars, the Milky Way includes billions of Earth-like, potentially habitable planets. 
Via CollectiveEvolution 

The Milky Way itself is only one of billions of galaxies, and we may be living in an infinitely-increasing number of universes, otherwise known as the multiverse. Given all of this, it is reasonable to assume that other life forms exist outside of our planet. In addition, Earth is a part of a fairly young planetary system, so it’s possible there are extraterrestrials out there that are far more advanced than us. This begs the question: where are all of the extraterrestrials?
This question was first addressed by Italian physicist Enrico Fermi in the 1950s when he asked, “If life is so abundant, why have we never heard from anyone?” More recently, Physics and Astronomy Professor at the University of Manchester, Brian Cox, attempted to answer this question, which is now commonly referred to as the Fermi Paradox. Unfortunately for us, Cox’s theory isn’t very optimistic for the human race.
What is the Fermi Paradox? There are at least 500-quintillion (or 500 billion billion) sun-like stars out there, and keep in mind that that’s a very conservative estimate. A study from the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science suggests that at least 1% of the total stars in the universe have Earth-like planets orbiting around them, meaning that 100 billion billion Earth-like planets may exist.
For those of you who are sceptical about extraterrestrials, let’s make a conservative estimate that after 1 billion years of existence, only 1% of these Earth-like planets develop life. To help you visualize this, that would be the equivalent to every single grain of sand on Earth representing one planet with life on it. Even if only 1% of that number developed equal intelligence to humans, that would mean there are 10 million billion intelligent civilizations in the universe.
If you scale these numbers down using the same estimates to predict how many intelligent civilizations exist in the Milky Way, you’d get 1 billion Earth-like planets and 100,000 intelligent civilizations in our galaxy alone.
So, I ask you this: Do extraterrestrials exist and if so, why haven’t they contacted you? Welcome to the Fermi Paradox!
Potential Explanation 1: Physicist Brian Cox’s Theory Physicist and Astronomer Brian Cox was the latest to address the Fermi Paradox in a recent interview. Although his outlook is relatively pessimistic, it is still a very real possibility. Cox says, “One solution to the Fermi Paradox is that it is not possible to run a world that has the power to destroy itself and that needs global collaborative solutions to prevent that.” He continues, “It may be that the growth of science and engineering inevitably outstrips the development of political expertise, leading to disaster. We could be approaching that position.” (source)
In other words, extraterrestrials may have destroyed their entire civilization by means of political turmoil and/or technological advancement, and we could repeat this same pattern of self-destruction. Cox’s theory reminds me of Stephen Hawking’s recent warning to the public about artificial intelligence and how it could threaten the entire human race and lead to our demise (read the full article here). Could the greatest threat to humanity be humanity? 
Potential Explanation 2: The Great Filter Created by Associate Professor at George Mason University, Robin Hanson, the Great Filter (GF) theory suggests that an incredibly difficult step exists in the evolution of life, one that prevents civilizations from reaching interstellar travel. The question is: Where are we in relation to the GF?
Option 1 is that we’ve somehow managed to pass the GF, a task that very few or potentially no other civilization has accomplished. Option 2 is that life is very rare, so the GF is actually the fact that life began on Earth in the first place. Option 3, the worst possibility, is that the GF is in front of us and we are approaching some sort of event or circumstance that prevents us from reaching higher intelligence.
Potential Explanation 3: Extraterrestrials Have Visited Us Before There is substantial evidence that proves extraterrestrials exist and that UFOs have been visiting us for a long time. More than a dozen NASA astronauts have publicly stated that UFOs have been spotted including Dr. Edgar Mitchell and Princeton University Physics Professor Brian O’Leary (read some of their quotes here). Chairman of Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign, John Podesta, has been quoted many times discussing the lack of UFO disclosure.
“There is a serious possibility that we are being visited and have been visited for many years by people from outer space, by other civilizations. Who they are, where they are from, and what they want should be the subject of rigorous scientific investigation and not be the subject of ‘rubbishing’ by tabloid newspapers.” (source) – Lord Admiral Hill-Norton, Former Chief of Defense Staff, 5 Star Admiral of the Royal Navy, Chairman of the NATO Military Committee
Another example that may prove extraterrestrials (ETs) have been trying to contact us for years is the crop circle phenomena. For example, in 1974, a broadcast (known as the “Arecibo” message) created by Carl Sagan and his colleagues was sent into space via radio waves at a special ceremony celebrating the re-modelling of the Arecibo radio telescope in Puerto Rico. 27 years later, in 2001, we received a response to the 1974 broadcast when an intricate crop circle appeared next to Britain’s largest telescope and observatory, the Chilbolton, home to the world’s largest fully steerable meteorological radar. Although many people are skeptical, the Thrive documentary produced by Foster Gamble, the heir to Proctor & Gamble, provides a compelling argument in support of ETs creating many of these crop circles.
Potential Explanation 4: Extraterrestrials Are Constantly Visiting Us To understand this theory, let’s first examine the Kardashev scale, which attempts to define civilizations of different intelligence levels. Type 0 civilizations extract its energy from crude, organic-based resources (Carl Sagan estimated we are Type 0.7). Type 1 can utilize all available resources on their home planet, Type 2 has the capacity to harness all of the energy from its star, and Type 3 could use all of the energy from its galaxy.
We currently live in a third dimensional world. We have not yet accessed, as a collective, a higher dimension. If you’re unfamiliar with the concept of higher dimensions, Carl Sagan provides an excellent explanation here. If a type 3 civilization was in fact visiting us, we may not even notice. If a civilization of higher intelligence is operating in the fourth dimension, we, as three dimensional beings, wouldn’t be able to see them let alone communicate with them.
American Theoretical Physicist, Michio Kaku, explains:
“Let’s say we have an anthill in the middle of the forest. And right next to the anthill, they’re building a ten-lane super-highway. And the question is “Would the ants be able to understand what a ten-lane super-highway is? Would the ants be able to understand the technology and the intentions of the beings building the highway next to them?”
So, Which Explanation Is Correct? I believe there is truth within each of these solutions. Ultimately, our egos are our greatest enemies and we could end up destroying ourselves; however, I believe we are experiencing a shift in consciousness, and as a result, the possibility of this happening is decreasing. I believe life in and of itself is a miracle, so we’ve probably passed the Great Filter, but I think other civilizations have as well due to the significant evidence in support of UFOs and the existence of ETs. It’s no secret that the U.S. government has tried to hide this from the public, but perhaps that’s a good thing. Maybe we aren’t ready to contact ETs regularly until we reach a higher state of consciousness, access higher dimensions and become a more intelligent civilization. No matter what you believe, the Fermi Paradox is clearly a subject that merits further research and discussion!
I’ll leave you with this video to let you think of the other possibility, that we have seen
",0
13470,2016 Pulitzer Prizes: A.P. Wins Public Service Award ‘Hamilton’ Is Honored - The New York Times,"The Associated Press won the Pulitzer Prize for public service on Monday for a series that exposed slavery and vicious abuse in the Southeast Asia fishing trade, leading to the release of 2, 000 captives and broad reforms in the United States and overseas. The series, “Seafood From Slaves,” involved a sprawling reportorial effort across several countries that discovered scores of fishermen in captivity  —   and sometimes locked in cages  —   in an industry that supplies seafood to American restaurants,   brands and big retailers like Walmart. The A. P.’s reporting prompted arrests, ship seizures and action by the federal government. One year after magazines became eligible in some Pulitzer categories, The New Yorker received two prizes: for Emily Nussbaum’s television criticism, and for “The Really Big One,” Kathryn Schulz’s ominous article about the potential for a major earthquake in the Pacific Northwest, which won for feature writing. William Finnegan, a New Yorker staff writer, won the biography award for his memoir, “Barbarian Days: A Surfing Life. ” In an honor that was widely predicted, the musical “Hamilton,” a   retelling of the founding fathers story, received the prize for drama. The musical’s creator and star,   Miranda, reacted joyfully on Twitter, writing: “PULITZER? !” Alissa J. Rubin, the Paris bureau chief of The New York Times, won the prize for international reporting, for a deep examination of the abuse and injustice faced by women in Afghanistan. “I always am curious what people who are usually invisible are thinking, and how they see the world,” Ms. Rubin said in the Times newsroom on Monday. The Times also won the award for breaking news photography, its fourth photography prize in three years. Four Times photographers  —   Tyler Hicks, Mauricio Lima, Sergey Ponomarev and Daniel Etter  —   won for a searing collection of images of migrants seeking asylum in Europe, sharing the prize with the news agency Reuters. It was Mr. Hicks’s second Pulitzer he won in 2014 in the same category, for his photos of the terrorist attack at the Westgate mall in Kenya. The Times had 10 finalists over all, the newspaper’s most since 2002, when it was recognized for coverage of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. The Pulitzers are now in their centennial year, and the winners announced by Columbia University on Monday reflected some of the changes sweeping the media landscape. Among the winners was The Marshall Project, an online outlet founded 17 months ago. The Washington Post took the national reporting prize for a project that used data, graphics and other tools of digital journalism to chronicle every killing by a police officer in 2015, unearthing fresh insights into a subject that has dominated the national political debate. Ken Armstrong of The Marshall Project and T. Christian Miller of the online investigative news site ProPublica won the explanatory reporting prize for their harrowing account of a botched rape investigation. The article, “An Unbelievable Story of Rape,” revealed how the police dismissed a claim of rape by an    woman, and even prosecuted her for an ostensibly false report  —   a decision that delayed for years the capture of her actual attacker, a serial rapist. The piece is now being cited in training programs for law enforcement. Two other newspapers besides The Times won two prizes apiece. Farah Stockman of The Boston Globe, who recently joined the Times staff, won the commentary prize for columns examining the legacy of busing and segregation in Boston Jessica Rinaldi of The Globe won in the feature photography category for her photos of a young boy struggling after a history of abuse. The Tampa Bay Times won for local reporting for its look at the stunning failure rates among black students in a Florida county school system that abandoned racial integration. The newspaper also shared the investigative reporting prize with The Sarasota   for a joint exposé on abuse and neglect in Florida mental hospitals. The Los Angeles Times won in the breaking news category for its coverage of the shootings in San Bernardino, Calif. in December. Jack Ohman of The Sacramento Bee received the award for editorial cartooning, and John Hackworth of Sun Newspapers of Charlotte Harbor, Fla. won for editorial writing. The award for fiction went to Viet Thanh Nguyen for his debut novel, “The Sympathizer,” which opens in 1975 in Saigon and centers on a Communist sympathizer who escapes to Los Angeles and spies on a South Vietnamese group he has infiltrated. The novel was hailed by critics for blending espionage, satire and historical fiction. “Black Flags: The Rise of ISIS,” by Joby Warrick, a reporter for The Washington Post, won the nonfiction prize. The book explores the rise of the Islamic State, in part through a detailed portrait of Abu Musab   the group’s founder, who was killed in an American airstrike in 2006. T. J. Stiles, a biographer who won a Pulitzer in 2010 for his portrayal of Cornelius Vanderbilt, won this year’s prize in history, for “Custer’s Trials: A Life on the Frontier of a New America. ” Mr. Stiles’s book is a biography of George Armstrong Custer, the Civil War general who died in the Battle of Little Bighorn in Montana in 1876.",0
13472,Intruder Gets Within Steps of White House - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   A man carrying a backpack jumped over a fence and got within several steps of the White House before being arrested late Friday, the Secret Service said. The intrusion, the first reported since President Trump took office, came as the president was inside the residence. A Secret Service official said the intruder did not pose a threat to Mr. Trump. But the breach was more serious than most other cases of   at the White House: The man was able to elude multiple layers of security before being stopped near the entrance at the South Portico. The intruder, identified as Jonathan   Tran, 26, of Milpitas, Calif. was charged with entering a restricted area “while using or carrying a dangerous weapon. ” The Secret Service official said that he was not armed and that his backpack did not contain any hazardous materials, but that he was carrying two cans of pepper spray. When confronted by the officer who arrested him, Mr. Tran said, “I am a friend of the president. I have an appointment,” according to a court document filed in the case. The officer said Mr. Tran was wearing a hooded jacket or sweater. In addition to the pepper spray, Mr. Tran was carrying an American passport, an Apple laptop, a book by Mr. Trump and a letter to the president, in which he referred to “Russian Hackers. ” In the letter, Mr. Tran said that he had been followed, that his phone calls and emails had been intercepted, and that he had “been called schizophrenic. ” Speaking to reporters on Saturday at a meeting of cabinet members at Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, Va. Mr. Trump said the “Secret Service did a fantastic job last night. ” He described Mr. Tran as a “troubled person. ” The Secret Service said in a statement that at about 11:38 p. m. “an individual scaled the outer perimeter fence by the Treasury Building and East Executive Avenue,” adding, “Secret Service Uniformed Division officers arrested the individual on the south grounds without further incident. ” But the court document suggested that Mr. Tran had been able to walk unimpeded alongside the residence until he nearly reached the entrance at the South Portico. The east side of the White House is where guests enter the building for social events. It is separated from the Treasury Department by a fence. Mr. Tran had no criminal record and no history with the Secret Service, the official said. Officers searched the north and south grounds of the White House and found nothing amiss. Security at the White House became a major issue in 2014, when there were several cases of intruders scaling the fence and entering the grounds. In one episode, a man carrying a knife, Omar J. Gonzalez, managed to overpower a Secret Service agent inside the North Portico entrance and run through the ceremonial East Room before he was tackled. The Secret Service came under criticism because in its initial account of the episode, officials indicated that Mr. Gonzalez had made it only steps inside the North Portico after running through the door. The fuller account emerged from Representative Jason Chaffetz, Republican of Utah and chairman of a subcommittee that investigated the breach. The National Capital Planning Commission recently approved plans for the Secret Service to install a stronger and higher perimeter fence around the White House. In 2015, the Secret Service added spikes to the top of the fence on the north and south sides of the grounds as a temporary deterrent.",0
13474,Opposing Views on What to Do About the Data We Create - The New York Times,"DATA FOR THE PEOPLEHow to Make Our   Economy Work for YouBy Andreas Weigend Illustrated. 299 pp. Basic Books. $27. 99. THE ART OF INVISIBILITYThe World’s Most Famous Hacker Teaches You How to Be Safe in the Age of Big Brother and Big DataBy Kevin Mitnick with Robert Vamosi309 pp. Little, Brown  Company. $28. Data is the new oil, and we humans are the wells. Our digital crude is a rich brew of mundane, everyday activities  —   our searches, texts and tweets  —   along with the GPS coordinates from our phones, the biometric information we share with fitness devices, even the IP addresses of our connected refrigerators. To the average person, this raw material is undetectable noise. But for organizations that know how to identify signals, there’s immense value in refining what has become an unlimited supply. Understanding what data we create, and how others exploit it, is vitally important. Soon, powerful   algorithms and artificially intelligent systems will analyze our data to reach decisions about and for us: whether we qualify for a bank loan, whether we’re likely to commit a crime, whether we deserve an organ transplant. And unlike us, machines aren’t burdened with an emotional attachment to privacy. The popular old    idea opens Andreas Weigend’s new book, “Data for the People,” an exhaustive and insightful look at how data is collected and used, often without our knowledge and almost always without our input. Weigend, the former chief scientist at Amazon, details the “social data” that emanates from billions of cameras, sensors and other devices, as well as social networks, online retailers and dating apps. Data refineries  —   those companies and people who turn our digital crude into profitable information  —   hunt for patterns, then sort us into buckets based on our behavior: what we might buy, what we’ll watch, whom we might fall in love with. As Weigend points out, this exchange benefits everyone: If we let ourselves be mined, we receive personalized recommendations, connections and deals. Yet there’s an imbalance of power. Companies make a lot of money from our data, and we have very little say in how it’s used. Weigend argues persuasively that in this “ ” world, we should give our data freely, but that we should expect certain protections in return. He advocates a set of rights to increase data refineries’ transparency and to increase our own agency in how information is used. Companies like OkCupid, WeChat and Spotify should perform data safety audits, submit to privacy ratings and calculate a score based on the benefits they provide  —   a sort of credit score for the companies that mine our data. Meanwhile, we should have the right to amend, blur and import or export our own data into any system we please. Not everyone believes that our information should be freely available as long as we agree to the terms of use. In “The Art of Invisibility,” the internet security expert Kevin Mitnick advocates the opposite. Mitnick notes various reasons we may want to hide our data: We’re wary of the government we don’t want businesses intruding into our lives we have a mistress we are the mistress we’re a criminal. Mitnick, who served five years in prison for hacking into corporate networks and stealing software, offers a sobering reminder of how our raw data  —   from email, cars, home   networks and so on  —   makes us vulnerable. He describes basic privacy protections (using a strong password, avoiding public computers) along with more advanced techniques (encrypting files on a hard drive, using a VPN and Bitcoin for online purchases). Most will seem familiar and perhaps rudimentary to those with any technical savvy. For everyone else, he offers an uncomfortable view of how data can be exploited. Both books are meant to scare us, and the central theme is privacy: Without intervention, they suggest, we’ll come to regret today’s inaction. I agree, but the authors miss the real horror show on the horizon. The future’s fundamental infrastructure is being built by computer scientists, data scientists, network engineers and security experts just like Weigend and Mitnick, who do not recognize their own biases. This encodes an urgent flaw in the foundation itself. The next layer will be just a little off, along with the next one and the one after that, as the problems compound. Right now, humans and machines engage in “supervised learning. ” Experts “teach” the system by labeling an initial data set once the computer reaches basic proficiency, they let it try sorting data on its own. If the system makes an error, the experts correct it. Eventually, this process yields highly sophisticated algorithms capable of refining and using our personal data for a variety of purposes: automatically sorting spam out of your inbox, say, or recommending a show you’ll like on Netflix. Then, building on this foundation of data and algorithms, more teaching and learning takes place. But human bias creeps into computerized algorithms in disconcerting ways. In 2015, Google’s photo app mistook a black software developer for a gorilla in photos he uploaded. In 2016, the Microsoft chatbot Tay went on a homophobic,   rampage after just one day of interactions on Twitter. Months later, reporters at ProPublica uncovered how algorithms in police software discriminate against black people while mislabeling white criminals as “low risk. ” Recently when I searched “C. E. O. ” on Google Images, the first woman listed was C. E. O. Barbie. Data scientists aren’t inherently racist, sexist,   or homophobic. But they are human, and they harbor unconscious biases just as we all do. This comes through in both books. In Mitnick’s, women appear primarily in anecdotes and always as unwitting, jealous or angry. Near the end, Mitnick describes trying to enter Canada from Michigan, and wonders if he’s stopped “because a Middle Eastern guy with only a green card was driving. ” (He might be right, but he doesn’t allow for the possibility that his own criminal record could also be responsible.) Weigend’s book is meticulously researched, yet nearly all the experts he quotes are men. Early on he tells the story of Latanya Sweeney, who in the 1990s produced a now famous study of anonymized public health data in Massachusetts. She proved that the data could be traced back to individuals, including the governor himself. But Sweeney is far better known for something Weigend never mentions: She’s the Harvard professor who discovered that  —   because of her   name  —   she was appearing in Google ads for criminal records and background checks. Weigend could have cited her to address bias in the second of his six rights, involving the integrity of a refinery’s social data ecosystem. But he neglects to discuss the   sexism, racism, xenophobia and homophobia in the   infrastructure. The omission of women and people of color from something as benign as book research illustrates the real challenge of unconscious bias in data and algorithms. Weigend and Mitnick rely only on what’s immediate and familiar  —   an unfortunately common practice in the data community. University computer science, math and physics departments lack diversity in staff and coursework. Corporate data science is homogeneous. So are professional and academic conferences, where the future of data is discussed. If the people mining and processing our data are nothing like us, and if the machines learn only from them, our data can yield only warped caricatures, like the zombies you see on TV. As a futurist, I try to figure out how your data will someday power things like artificially intelligent cars,   doctors and robot security agents. That’s why I found both books concerning. Think of all the characteristics that make up who you are: how much coffee you drink, how fast you drive, how often you open your refrigerator, your respiratory rate, what slang you use, the random strangers you’ve friended on Facebook. You may look like Weigend and Mitnick and therefore may not have experienced algorithmic discrimination yet. You, too, should be afraid. We’ve only recently struck oil.",0
13475,A Universal Law: Pick Up Your Mental Garbage,"A Universal Law: Pick Up Your Mental Garbage Nov 21, 2016 1 0 
Many people are concerned about the increasing pollution, violence and suffering. We want to help, but many times we feel that we are powerless against these trends. However, there is an universal law that you should take into account before trying to help: You should clean up your mental garbage. The largest manufacturer of junk in our lives is our own Minds, so first of all we need to know clean it up and to recognize its functioning. The Nature of the Mind 
In order to control something, we first need to know the thing concerned¸ so we must know our Mind so as to be in charge of it. The most important thing we need to about our Mind is that it is not something that exists separately, individually, like some inanimate object. 
The Mind is not an object–it is a process. The process of constantly streaming thoughts. This stream of the thoughts is what we perceive as the Mind. When these thoughts disappear, the Mind disappears with them, as the two are only able to exist together. The very basic nature of thoughts is that they are in a constant move, and this motion, almost automatically, creates the Mind. 
A characteristic feature of our Mind is that it keeps roaming, wandering; it operates in something like an automatic mode . Thoughts come and go all the time. If we attempt to suppress them, it is only possible with considerable efforts, and even then to a short time only. In most of our waking time, our Mind wanders either in the past or in the future, in our thoughts we deal with our experience of the past, offences we suffered in the past, or with our future plans, goals and fears. 
Another characteristic of our Mind is that it constantly evaluates things. It means that we do not simply live through our experiences, but we also categorize them as good or bad. We judge everything that happens to us and everybody we meet in our lives. This permanent categorization may easily lead to a distorted perception of the world, as we evaluate our new experiences in these categories. If we find an experience negative, we will tend to keep–and reinforce–that category for similar experiences in the future. Our perception will therefore be selective, and we will only accept the stimuli that reinforces our categorization, and we tend to ignore those that fall outside our usual categories. 
The third important characteristic of the Mind is that it permanently produces stories. These stories often have a disastrous end. For instance, I suddenly try to remember whether I locked the door of my home or not. The Mind immediately fabricates a whole story around the idea: I did leave it open, a burglar came, my valuables have been stolen, and the police, instead of chasing the thief, will harass me with their questions. We often experience the ends and emotional consequences of these stories. Another type of stories deals with us, who are we, what are we like, what we should do or should have done. The entirety of these stories comprises our personal histories. A Foolish Game 
Most people tend to identify with their thoughts and personal histories , that is, with their Minds. A lot of us are not satisfied with what we are, and we would like to have a better and more beautiful personal history. That is why we create a mental image of our desired personal development, and the ways of making the work of our Minds more effective. 
In order to achieve the mental image we ourselves have created, we embark on a foolish game, as we attempt to bring our Minds under our own control, and be the masters of our own development. Since we do not know the nature of the Mind, this venture is destined to failure right from the beginning. 
This game is foolish, since in fact one half of the Mind attempts to bring the other half under control. Our Mind itself deems our own mental image of our personal development good. At the same time, this half of the Mind deems the other half, the one we wish to change, bad. Mental images fight against each other, trying to overcome each other, using the weapons of selective perception and story fabrication. The struggle goes on, with changing luck, all through our lives. Sometimes we believe that we are making some progress, we are improving, and a few weeks, months or years later we drop into the abyss of despair. 
A lot of us play this foolish game all through our lives, because we are unable to recognize the simple fact that a Mind is unable to overcome itself. We may, perhaps, with the utmost effort, suppress what we believe is bad in us. That is, however, just a virtual victory, leading us to virtual calm and personal development, because when our power declines, the suppressed forces break out again, destroying all the temporary results that we achieved previously, washing away the results of our personal development . The Freedom of Tolerance 
Now we can see that the way leading to our control over our Minds does not lead through suppressing them. It is not possible to control the Mind in the ordinary sense of the word. Partly because it only exists in its functions and operation, and partly because there is nobody to control it. One half of the Mind, as we have seen, does not control, only suppresses the other half. 
In order to be able to control our Minds, we must step outside of them . This statement may sound surprising to a lot of us, since we tend to fully identify with our Minds and their operations. As long as this identification is strong, we shall not be able to step outside the crazy dance of our Minds; we will have to merely suffer its consequences. 
Nowadays, however, more and more of us begin to realize and experience that we are more than our Minds, more that our thoughts and emotions, and the personal history these thoughts and emotions build up. Our attention is no longer completely engaged by telling our personal history and identifying with that personal history, and we become more and more sensitive to the deeper dimensions of our life. We also begin to notice the breaks between thoughts, and we begin to turn towards these gates leading beyond the Mind. 
In these breaks between thoughts, Mind does not work, it is not there–it simply vanishes. What is left there is the alertly watching Consciousness. If we are able to take roots in that alert Consciousness, we recognize that this watching alertness is tolerant with the Mind and its operations. We shall see that there is nothing wrong with thoughts, nothing wrong with the operations of the Mind. It is not necessary to struggle against the Mind, as it is not an enemy, only an instrument that, without control, tends to function chaotically. 
We only have a chance to know the true nature of thoughts and the functions of the Mind if we detach ourselves from them, keep a distance, and do not consider them as enemies. They will reveal their secrets to the alert Consciousness, watching with affection, and we will see the subtle shades of the Mind, the games it plays and the dreams it evokes. Controlling the Mind 
This tolerant, alert, watching attitude to the functions of the Mind will give us the ability of stopping our thinking effortlessly. Once thinking has been suspended, the continuous stream of thoughts stops, the Mind itself disappears and stops working. 
Now we shall not seek our own identity in an identification with the Mind, since we have found our real center, our real self, our alertly watching Consciousness . We will be aware that thoughts and the Mind have not really disappeared, they are still there, only in a dormant state. Our attitude to thoughts and the Mind will entirely change at that moment. We think when necessary, and we do not need the Mind, we put it aside. The Mind no longer dominates our life, it is not more than an obedient tool that we use or not use as we please. 
That is when we realize how wonderful an instrument the Mind is, and now we are able to use it for its original purpose. And the purpose of the Mind is to serve as a means of connections, to connect us to the world to each other. Through the Mind, used with alert Consciousness, creative energies are released to the world, and create a wonderful harmony there. 
Read more articles from Frank M. Wanderer Vote Up Frank M. Wanderer PhD Frank M. Wanderer Ph.D is a professor of psychology, a consciousness researcher and writer. Frank is the author of the books "" The Revolution of Consciousness: De-conditioning the Programmed Mind "", "" Ego - Alertness - Consciousness: The Path to Your Spiritual Home "" and several books on consciousness . With a lifelong interest in the mystery of human existence, Frank’s work is to help others wake up from identification with our personal history and the illusory world of the forms and shapes, and to find our identity in what he calls “the Miracle”, the mystery of the Consciousness. You can also follow his blog HERE",0
13476,House Majority Ldr McCarthy on Sessions-Russia Report: ’I Don’t See Anything Very Serious’ - Breitbart,"Thursday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) responded to a report by The Washington Post that Attorney General Jeff Sessions had met with Russians officials and did not disclose those meetings during his confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee.  McCarthy said Sessions should clarify any meetings with Russian officials and that he should recuse himself if appropriate. However, he went on to say he didn’t see anything “very serious” regarding the matter given Sessions was acting in his role as a U. S. Senator. Partial transcript as follows: SCARBOROUGH: What’s your reaction to the Jeff Sessions news? Should the Attorney General recuse himself from any investigation moving forward on Russia? REP. KEVIN MCCARTHY ( ) MAJORITY LEADER: Well, I think Sessions, the little clip I just saw listening to you, said he would recuse himself going forward. But I think I’m just now reading about this myself. I could see in his role of Senator, yes, meeting with different ambassadors. I just think he needs to clarify what these meetings were and when did he have them. BRZEZINSKI: If you had a meeting with the Russian Ambassador and you were supporting a campaign that was swirling with questions about Russia, would you disclose that you had that meeting? MCCARTHY: Well, in this role, we meet with Ambassadors all the time. BRZEZINSKI: Exactly. MCCARTHY: Yes, you just say, and at a convention, ambassadors all come to both conventions and they try to get as many members as come through and just say hi. I imagine that’s kind of a big room. You’re really not meeting with one per se. BRZEZINSKI:  . MCCARTHY: I don’t see anything very serious in terms, I mean, by the standpoint that there’s an internal meeting here. But I just think he needs to clarify from what I read in the paper right now. SCARBOROUGH: Mark? MARK HALPERIN, MSNBC SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: He didn’t say he would recuse, he is recusing himself. He said if it comes appropriate to recuse, kind of in a (INAUDIBLE) way but, so let me ask you, do you think he should recuse himself from this investigation given this now disclosed meeting? MCCARTHY: I think the trust of the American people you recuse yourself in these situations, yes. HALPERIN: He should, you would urge him to recuse himself? MCCARTHY: I don’t have all the information in front of me. I don’t want to  . But I just think for any investigation going forward, you want to make sure everybody trusts the investigation —   HALPERIN: Yeah. MCCARTHY: It’s just easier —   HALPERIN: Does that require his recusal, Congressman? MCCARTHY: I think it would be easier from that standpoint, yes. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
13477,What Does a Trump Victory Mean for Africa?,"2016 elections by Patrick Bond 
Donald Trump is mostly bad news for Africa, including reduced U.S. aid and possibly more support for “imperial African adventurism"" – unless, of course, Africa uses Trump’s lemons to make lemonade. His isolationism “could give Africans a chance to recalibrate what is now an excessive, self-destructive reliance on export of oil and gas, minerals and cash crops.” On climate policy, Trump is an unmitigated disaster. What Does a Trump Victory Mean for Africa? by Patrick Bond 
This article previously appeared in Pambazuka News . 
“ Trump will sabotage the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change and similar strategies to solve global problems.” 
The most catastrophic long-term consequence is climate change. This is because Trump is a denialist who will give the green light to widespread fracking, coal and oil exploration. Africa will be the most adversely affected continent. United Nations scientists estimate that 9 out of 10 small-scale farmers are unlikely to farm by 2100 due to drying soils and global warming, plus extreme weather will also cause 180 million unnecessary African deaths by then, according to Christian Aid. 
Under Trump, we can safely predict that Washington will no longer seek to control United Nations climate negotiations, as did Barack Obama’s administration. The WikiLeaks Clinton emails and State Department cables revealed blatant manipulations of the Copenhagen and Durban climate summits. Instead, Trump will simply pull the US out of the 2015 Paris agreement, as did George W. Bush from the Kyoto Protocol. 
By good fortune, the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change annual summit is underway this week in Morocco. The only logical move, if the delegates have any spine, is to expel the US State Department and establish the machinery for a major carbon tax applied to products associated with countries – the US especially – which raise emissions and threaten the survival of many species across the globe. 
“Trump will simply pull the US out of the 2015 Paris agreement, as did George W. Bush from the Kyoto Protocol.” 
Trump also heralds a rise in US racism and xenophobia, parallel to the Brexit vote by the British white working class. In neither case will local solutions be effective for the simple reason that neither Trump nor Theresa May (UK Prime Minister) are interested in the income redistribution required to benefit their economies. 
And African elites who have – with a few exceptions – climbed over each other to please Washington, won’t find themselves welcome in the White House. 
Hopefully the contagion of Trump’s racism – which will make life for Africans much harder – will be met by a major resistance movement including Africans from all walks of life in solidarity with various groups that stand to be oppressed by the US – women, African-Americans, Latinos, Muslims, environmentalists, progressives of all sorts. This movement can shape up in the same spirit to those that gave solidarity during the fight against apartheid. 
What are the likely economic consequences? 
Consistent with his isolationism, world trade stagnation will continue. In the case of Africa, Trump is likely to retract benefits under the Africa Growth and Opportunity Act and reduce US aid. 
That isolationism, in turn, could give Africans a chance to recalibrate what is now an excessive, self-destructive reliance on export of oil and gas, minerals and cash crops. Africa must focus on localizing its economies to be able to meet basic needs. 
Trump’s hatred of what he terms the “globalists” is probably just hot electioneering rhetoric. It’s fair to predict that pro-corporate candidates will come forward as Trump allies to calm the crashing stock markets. 
The “neoliberal” group of policy wonks who expressed disgust with Trump and favored Hillary Clinton will quickly make inroads into the new administration. They will ensure that the continuing US dominance in Western-leaning multilateral institutions is not disturbed. 
We can simply anticipate more brazen US self-interest, as witnessed during the Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush regimes, with less of the confusing rhetoric promoted by Obama and his allies. 
What US policies on Africa are likely to change? With what impact? 
To be frank, we can only offer guesses. Trump said literally nothing about Africa during his campaign. He wants to “rebuild US military power,” which might include strengthening the Pentagon’s controversial Africa Command, known as Africom. 
Economically, it is worth noting Trump’s close relations to the oil and gas industry which comes via Vice President Mike Pence. This suggests that multinational corporations in the extractive industries who desire more explicit imperial support for African adventurism will be served well by Trump’s bully-boy mentality. 
What does this mean for multilateral institutions and how will this affect Africa? 
The US’s role in the International Monetary Fund (IMF) will become nastier given the veto power it enjoys, holding more than 15% of the voting shares. Trump will probably hire a brutal neoliberal as his IMF executive director, someone who will tighten the screws on Africa using Washington’s veto power. The leaders of two big African economies are desperate for IMF credits: Nigeria ($29 billion) and Egypt ($12 billion). 
In relation to the United Nations, an interesting question comes to mind: should the UN leadership now sitting in Trump’s Manhattan East Side neighborhood not develop a contingency plan to move UN headquarters out of the US? Trump promises to make life very hard for visitors who are Muslims, Libyans, Syrians and Mexicans – amongst others – so holding multilateral events in the US may soon be impossible. 
The period ahead demands a very different multilateralism due to a number of expectations. The first is that Trump will sabotage the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change and similar strategies to solve global problems, and wreck nuclear non-proliferation strategies such as the agreement that Obama painstakingly reached with Iran earlier this year. 
And the second is that three of the BRICS’ nationalistic leaders – Vladimir Putin in Russia, Nahendra Modi in India and Michel Temer in Brazil – can be expected to establish much closer ties to Trump. This is likely to affect the balance of power between geographical regions, added to which are the drift of Pakistan, Turkey and the Philippines away from Washington. Trump’s hatred of China is another indeterminate factor. 
Regardless of the geopolitical maneuvers, it’s time for a ‘multilateralism-from-below’ in which traditional progressive movements in civil society find common cause, because this is the most serious threat to humanity, the world economy and environment we’ve seen in living memory. Patrick Bond is Director of the University of KwaZulu-Natal Centre for Civil Society and a professor of political economy at the University of the Witwatersrand.",0
13478,Pope Francis Shocks Workers With Pro-Capitalism Pitch,"Speaking to workers and business people in Italy’s port city of Genoa Saturday, Pope Francis surprised his hearers by praising entrepreneurship and touting the importance of healthy businesses for the economy. [“There can’t be a good economy without good businessmen, without their capacity to create and to produce,” he said, shattering his reputation as an enemy of the free market economy.  The Pope met with “representatives of the world of work,” including businessmen, workers and unemployed persons at the Ilva steel plant in Genoa Saturday, fielding their questions and reflecting with them on a Christian view of the economy. The Pope recognized that the essential value of work and employment is only possible when companies are sound and successful. Moreover, only an economically healthy society can keep a democracy afloat, he suggested. “The world of work is a human priority,” Francis said, “and it’s also a priority for the pope. There’s always been a friendship between the church and work, starting with Jesus, who was a worker. ” “When work is weakened, it’s democracy that enters into crisis,” he said. “There’s a social compact. ” Without denouncing unemployment benefits, Francis insisted that state intervention wasn’t a real solution. “A monthly check from the state that allows you to keep the family afloat doesn’t solve the problem. It has to be resolved with work for everyone,” he said. The Pope went on to underscore differences between healthy entrepreneurship and financial “speculation,” the latter of which he called both dangerous and unethical. “A sickness of the economy is the progressive transformation of business people into speculators,” Francis said. “A speculator is a figure similar to what Jesus in the gospels called ‘ ’ as opposed to good shepherds. ” Like a hired hand, Francis mused, a speculator “doesn’t love his company or his workers, since they are merely a means for making profits. He has no problem firing people, closing a factory or relocating the company,” because he doesn’t care about his workers but uses them simply as a means for increasing his profits. Francis also said that when competition goes too far and affects the internal life of a company, it becomes  . “The accent on competition, beyond being an anthropological and Christian error, is an economic error because it forgets that a company is above all about cooperation,” he said. “When it’s a system of individual incentives that puts workers into competition among themselves, you can obtain some advantages, but it ends up ruining the trust that’s the soul of any organization,” the Pope argued. “When a crisis comes, the company falls apart. It implodes, because there’s no longer any harmony. ” This isn’t the first time that Pope Francis has shocked pundits by pointing out the important values of a free market economy. In his historic address to the joint session of the U. S. Congress in September, 2015, the Pope took advantage of the occasion to instruct politicians on the importance of wealth creation for lifting the poor out of poverty. The Pope chose to hold up   members of the middle class as an example to all and praising the U. S. free market system. Dashing the predictions of the pundits who prophesied that the Pope would “probably discuss American capitalism’s flaws” in his words to Congress, he actually did the opposite. Comparing the men and women of Congress to the biblical figure of Moses, he reminded them of the importance of the simple, industrious people who make America great. The Pope said that it is “the many thousands of men and women who strive each day to do an honest day’s work, to bring home their daily bread, to save money and  —   one step at a time  —   to build a better life for their families” who “sustain the life of society. ” These men and women “generate solidarity by their actions, and they create organizations which offer a helping hand to those most in need,” he said. The Pope’s most remarkable words came when speaking about the ability of the free market to lift people out of poverty. In the fight against poverty, Francis said, it “goes without saying that part of this great effort is the creation and distribution of wealth. The right use of natural resources, the proper application of technology and the harnessing of the spirit of enterprise are essential elements of an economy which seeks to be modern, inclusive and sustainable. ” “Business is a noble vocation,” the Pope continued, “directed to producing wealth and improving the world. It can be a fruitful source of prosperity for the area in which it operates, especially if it sees the creation of jobs as an essential part of its service to the common good. ” Time and time again Pope Francis has shown that he is more complex and unpredictable than both his critics and his boosters suppose. While focusing his attention on helping the poor, he has also suggested that the free market system may be the best instrument to do just that. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
13479,8 Helpful Uses For Fall Leaves,"There is more you can do with fallen leaves than just rake them up or jump in them. Leaves have multiple beneficial purposes in the yard and garden. Don’t miss out on this sustainable garden treat! 

Compost 

Leaves are the perfect carbon ingredient for your compost pile. Layer dead leaves in between all the green garden debris you find as you gather as you clean up the garden and prep it for winter. If you shred the leaves first, they will decompose even faster. You don’t even need a compost pile or bin! There are many town and city waste disposal sites that will gladly compost your leaves for you and put the final product out for residents. 

Leaf Mold 

If you have a lot of dead leaves, leaf mold is a great option. It does miraculous things to your garden! It is a crumbly, compost-like product that remains when leaves are left to decompose on their own. 

Leaf mold improves soil structure, which greatly improves the soil’s water holding capability. It also attracts beneficial organisms who are important in maintaining healthy soil. 

All you have to do is rake up your leaves into a pile and let them rot. So easy! The more compact the pile, the faster your leaves will decompose. You can also contain your leaves in a bin or any other composting contraption. 

Mulch 

Leaves make an excellent attractive mulch, suppressing weeds and eventually decomposing and feeding the soil. When using leaves for mulch, it is a good idea to shred them first. Placing a thick layer of wet leaves over you garden soil will block water and air from getting through the soil which isn’t what you want. Yet when shredded, the leaves will form an airy cushion that slowly settles in and settles down. This makes perfect mulch! 

If you live in an area that gets windy in the fall, hose your leaves down when you first shred them. This will help them stay in place. 

Amend Your Soil 

Add your leaves directly into your soil. Soil is constantly in flux and you can never have enough soil amendments. Leaves make a great alternative to buying bags of manure. It’s a lot cheaper too! 

Shred the leaves first and either turn them into the top few inches of soil or simply spread a layer of leaves on top of the soil and chop them a bit with a fork or spade. Be sure they are making good contact with the soil and watch nature work its wonders! 

The leaves will disintegrate and create a great habitat for earthworms and other beneficial organisms that reside in your garden soil. 

Insulation 

Leaves can be used to insulate tender plants and even cold storage vegetables. Circle your plants or planted containers with wire fencing and stuff leaves around your plant. In the spring, rake them up and toss them in the compost. Double use! 

If you have a root cellar or storage basement, use dry leaves to layer your vegetables in, instead of saw dust or newspaper. This will help your veggies easily last through the winter.",0
