id,title,text,label
501, WATCH: Kellyanne Conway Very Upset Hillary Clinton Is Not Doing Trump’s Job,"White House counselor Kellyanne Conway crawled out of her crypt after two weeks in hiding to attack Hillary Clinton who is totally not the President. Former reality show star Donald Trump was sworn in 216 days ago (seems longer, huh?) and his administration is still talking about his former rival. It s not too surprising since Trump is still in campaign mode, holding rallies, likely because he still doesn t know how to President.On Thursday, Conway appeared on  Fox & Friends  to lash out at Trump s critics, the media, and Hillary Clinton for daring to write a book because books are bad, apparently. Where s her big c4 trying to help women and children around the globe?  Conway asked as if the Clinton Foundation which helps women and children around the globe does not exist.Conway then just wondered why Clinton is not doing Trump s job. Where s her bipartisan effort to try to help with infrastructure and meaningful tax reform, or the opioid crisis that I work on in the building behind me every single day?  Conway asked.Trump s policies and attempted legislation have failed to pass. There s been an exodus of staffers at various councils after his appalling speech on the Charlottesville attack which left one dead and 19 others injured. Thanks, Hillary!Someone, please tell Trump that Hillary Clinton is not holding an elected office. Passing infrastructure bills and handling the opioid crisis is all on Trump. Eradicating Obamacare would have a devastating effect on those suffering from the disease of addiction who wish to get treatment. Thanks again, Hillary.Conway then claimed that Hillary Clinton  failed to make history,  even though she won the popular vote and was the first woman to become the presidential nominee of a major party in the U.S.Watch: It s way over the line.   @KellyannePolls reacts to James Clapper questioning Pres. Trump s fitness for office pic.twitter.com/w4Db17t6g5  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) August 24, 2017But Trump has tried to claim repeatedly that he won the popular vote (he did not win the popular vote) but thanks for weighing in, Kellyanne. Back to the crypt with you!Image via screen capture. ",0
502, Fox And Friends Completely Panics And Cuts Segment Short Because A Democrat Showed Up (VIDEO),"While the right accuses the left of being  snowflakes  because we think all people should be treated with fairness and respect, the right, led by Donald Trump, is becoming more and more frightened of any dissenting voices.That point couldn t have been made more clearly on Wednesday s Fox and Friends. They did one of their  man on the street  segments, where they visited a diner in Louisville, KY. The idea was to have a debate, but only with Fox s rules, apparently. Let s get right to the debate,  (Fox s Todd) Piro said.  Jefferson County, where we are, highly Democrat. Bullitt County, right across the way here, heavy Republican. Turning to a man named Keith, Piro began to ask a question of a  Trump voter    but he was quickly interrupted by a man who approached from behind with a sign reading  Fox Lies. I m a Democrat right here,  the man said.The appearance of an actual Democrat, and not one hand-picked by Fox was a bit too much to deal with, apparently.Source: Raw Story Alright, alright,  Piro replied, pushing the man s sign out of view of the camera.  We re going to wrap this up and we re going to go on off to commercial. Here s the video:Not all heroes wear capes. pic.twitter.com/I9Ny64xWRe  Judd Legum (@JuddLegum) August 23, 2017Fox didn t really have an explanation as to why they cut the segment short, other than being afraid of the white haired man.Brian Kilmeade said,  I was reading his lips. I know exactly what he meant. His lips weren t visible in the shot. He did call Fox  fake news  though, which is only a threat, apparently, if a Democrat says it.Then Steve Doocy admitted that  we don t know exactly what was going on there, but they felt it in the best interest of the telecast, we cut away. Apparently for Fox, there s nothing more threatening than actually being fair and balanced.Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
503," Paul Ryan Sharpens His Backstabbing Knife, Prepares War With White House (VIDEO)","During Donald Trump s meltdown during his rally in Phoenix Tuesday evening, he threatened to shut down the government unless Congress funds his border wall. The former reality show star launched a rant which was so insane that people are starting to question whether he s fit to hold office. We re pretty sure that House Speaker Paul Ryan is wondering that, too, after Trump s screamy-ragey speech.On Wednesday, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) said he doesn t  think a government shutdown is necessary,  however, we ve noticed that when the Republican leader says something in stark contrast to Trump s rhetoric, he never says it to his face. Like, for example, when he tweeted his denouncement of the Nazis who marched in Trump s name in Charlottesville, Virginia, with one of them murdering Heather Heyer, 32, and injuring 19 others, he failed to tag @RealDonaldTrump.But anyway, Ryan said during a press conference in Hillsboro, Oregon,  I don t think a government shutdown is necessary, and I don t think most people want to see a government shutdown, ourselves included. Ryan continued to say that  Congress in the House has already done its work on this issue  and left it up to the Senate. Given the time of year it is, and the rest of the appropriations we have to do, we re going to need more time to complete our appropriations process, particularly in the Senate,  he said.Talking Points Memo reports:Trump on Tuesday night suggested he would push to tie funding for his proposed border wall to a government spending bill Congress must pass in the fall to avert a shutdown. I don t think anyone s interested in having a shutdown. I don t think it s in our interest to do so,  Ryan added.  I don t think you have to choose between the two. Watch:.@SpeakerRyan: ""I don't think a government shut down is necessary, and I don't think most people want to see"" one. https://t.co/9ZBdrCglu6 pic.twitter.com/ClqY5NAABp  This Week (@ThisWeekABC) August 23, 2017Perhaps Ryan should have  a sit down with Trump and explain to him what happens during a government shutdown. On the other hand, Trump doesn t seem to care about very much. Ryan is trying to distance himself from the very president he supports. He s playing it safe, knowing full well that Trump won t last much longer in office. Ryan wants to come out of the madness with his hands clean so he can say,  Hey, I called Trump out  without actually calling him out. That said, he s going to have a battle on his hands to keep the government open and it looks like he s ready for that. We re certain several of his Republican colleagues would back him up on that.Image via screen capture. ",0
504, Rabbis Cancel Annual Call With President Over Trump’s Open Support Of White Supremacists,"Rabbis representing four prominent Jewish organizations have decided that they will not hold their annual conference call with the President because the man currently holding that office openly supports white supremacists.Following Trump s atrocious response to the tragic events in Charlottesville, the rabbis issued a statement explaining that they simply  cannot organize such a call this year.  They said that this decision was made because Trump s reaction to Nazis marching in the streets and the death of Heather Heyer was  lacking in moral leadership and empathy for the victims of racial and religious hatred. We have concluded that President Trump s statements during and after the tragic events in Charlottesville are so lacking in moral leadership and empathy for the victims of racial and religious hatred that we cannot organize such a call this year,  the rabbis wrote. The President s words have given succor to those who advocate anti-Semitism, racism, and xenophobia,  they wrote.  Responsibility for the violence that occurred in Charlottesville, including the death of Heather Heyer, does not lie with many sides but with one side: the Nazis, alt-right and white supremacists who brought their hate to a peaceful community. They must be roundly condemned at all levels. In the days following the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville that left three people dead, Trump insisted that  many sides  were to blame for the violence. The rabbis concluded by saying that they would  pray that President Trump will recognize and remedy the grave error he has made in abetting the voices of hatred.   They added that they will also  pray that those who traffic in anti-Semitism, racism, and xenophobia will see that there is no place for such pernicious philosophies in a civilized society. The statement was signed by the Central Conference of American Rabbis, The Rabbinical Assembly, the Reconstructionist Rabbinical Association and the Religious Action Center of Reform Judaism.Featured image via Bill Pugliano/Getty Images",0
505, We May Soon Know The Sources Of Christopher Steele’s Trump ‘Dossier’,"According to a new report, former British spy Christopher Steele has finally opened up to the FBI about the sources of what he calls his prurient  dossier  on Donald Trump and his ties to the Kremlin, sources that were only identified by letters throughout the document.The 35-page document was authored by Steele, an ex-MI6 agent, and first published on Buzzfeed in January, but although the report is unsubstantiated, it alleged that the Russian government had material that they could use to blackmail Trump, allowing the Kremlin to impede in the 2016 United States presidential election.Steele initially went into hiding after publishing his dossier, but investigators looking into Russia s election meddling have been trying to reach out to him since the document went public, with the Washington Post reporting earlier this year that the FBI was even planning on paying him for more information on Trump s potential ties with Russia. This apparently occurred when an intermediary brought Steele s findings to the FBI following the release of hacked Democratic National Committee emails, a move later found to be part of Russia s effort to sway the election and a notion the President has repeatedly slammed as  fake news. Now it has come to light that Steele has told investigators about the identities of his sources, however, it is still unknown what, if any, other information he gave. This reported meeting between Steele and the agency could be a potential deal-breaker for the Commander in Chief, as it comes at a time when the FBI, the House, the Senate, and special counsel Robert Mueller are all simultaneously investigating Russia s role in last year s election.Furthermore, Aleksej Gubarev, a Russian businessman named in the document, has filed a defamation suit in Florida, however, Steele is currently fighting a federal court request for him to testify, claiming his thoughts on the matter are for his ears only.Featured image via Leon Neal/Getty Images",0
506," In The War Against ISIS, Trump Is Already Responsible For More Civilian Deaths Than Obama","I will confess: I belong to a faction of the left that hates war in any context. I turned 15 during the brief skirmish known as Operation Desert Shield, and even then, I wasn t skipping school to go to the mall. I was spray painting anti-war slogans on every concrete surface in my little town I could get away with.Okay, I was going to the mall too.That last part is important because what I mean to convey is that while I have always opposed war in every way, I was also a pretty realistic kid. Even then, I understood that my complaints lodged in Krylon  on the side of a bridge were mostly meaningless. In that context, I approach The Left who are even further to the left than me: Yes, we are embroiled in the longest war in the history of the United States in Afghanistan. Yes, we are  fighting  an invisible War On Terror. Yes, I hate those things. I also understand that the complaints I now lodge in Facebook posts, tweets, and these articles are like colored mists on the bridges and walls of war.In the end, the fury of war can only be mitigated by absolutely minimizing the innocent victims of it. But how can that be accomplished in a war against ISIS, an enemy that recruits civilians, uses them as human shields and otherwise disregards humanity in the name of jihad?There are those on the left that condemn President Barack Obama for increasing the number of drone strikes initiated by the United States in the Middle East and South Asia. And those on the right simply condemn him for existing. So I will stand with whoever has identified with me so far here and give credit to our 44th President for mitigating the level of civilian deaths in those ongoing wars using tactical precision.I like to think that Barack Obama opposes war in the way that I do: Absolutely, but if it is happening, it must be done in a way that keeps the most civilians safe.By contrast, Donald Trump does not understand war. He certainly does not oppose it. I believe that he sees it only in the abstract: An ongoing effort to  win  at all costs, like everything in his life. Almost like war is a jacket and hat you put on for the cameras.The numbers bear this theory out. According to Airwars, a UK-based  transparency project  that has tracked the number of civilians killed since the US-led coalition formed in October 2014 to combat ISIS, there is a disparity between Obama s direction and Trump s that cannot be reconciled any other way:Our minimum estimate of civilians likely killed by Coalition since 2014 is now 5,117   with 55% of deaths occuring under Trump's leadership pic.twitter.com/H8S5Ihwuzb  Airwars (@airwars) August 22, 2017During @BarackObama's 29 months at helm of ISIS war we tracked 855 alleged civilian casualty events which likely killed 2298-3398 civilians pic.twitter.com/RUVvcy5zX9  Airwars (@airwars) August 22, 2017In @realDonaldTrump's first 7 months as President, we tracked 1,196 alleged incidents in which we assess at least 2,819-4,529 civilians died pic.twitter.com/pnCzVR5ggb  Airwars (@airwars) August 22, 2017Civilian deaths in war cannot be avoided. That is a simple fact. But even if you go back to the New York Times link I provided above ( the number of drone strikes ), you can see that precision can mitigate them. Bush ordered 50 drone strikes which killed 296 terrorists and 195 civilians   a 40% civilian casualty rate. Under Obama, the strikes went up, but the casualty rate went down: Ten times as many strikes, more than ten times as many dead terrorists, but less than twice as many civilian casualties. Just over 11%, at the time of that report.Like his presidency, Trump s war is messy. More than half of all civilian deaths in the war against ISIS have occurred in the 7 months since Donald Trump was inaugurated.That s not opposition. That is an embrace of war.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
507, Want To Ride On Air Force One As A Senator? Then Be Prepared To Vote For Trump’s Health Care Bill,"By now we re all familiar with Donald Trump s speech in front of 40,000 boy scouts at their National Jamboree last month, when the President rambled like a drunken stepfather, straying from the usual topics of diplomacy and citizenship and turning an 80-year presidential tradition into a campaign rally before a crowd of adolescents. But the madness didn t stop there.According to reports, White House aides told Republican Senator Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, host state of this year s quadrennial Boy Scouts of America National Jamboree, that she could fly with him on Air Force One when he addressed the boy scouts, but only on one condition; that she vote in favor of Senate Republicans  healthcare bill. At the time the offer was made to Capito, Republicans were clutching at straws and doing anything possible to salvage their overhaul in the Senate in an effort to actually try and come through on one of the main promises Donald Trump made the entire time he was on the campaign trail, to repeal and replace  the disaster that is Obamacare. Naturally, Capito took the high road and turned down the offer, mainly due to the fact that she hadn t even read the actual text of the bill at the time, however, Capito was also one of several Republicans senators who had made their doubts clear about it in the first place.There were several versions of the plan that failed so the Republicans ultimately threw together a  skinny repeal,  but that also failed when 49 voted for it while 51 voted against, with Arizona Senator John McCain casting the deciding negative vote. Capito also voted against the Republican s skinny repeal, sending them back to the drawing board.President Trump still vows to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act and is adamant that he will get his bill passed, however, it may take a little more than a ride on Air Force One to get the votes.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
508, All Hell Breaks Loose At First Charlottesville City Council Meeting Since Nazi Rally,"All hell broke loose on Monday when the city of Charlottesville held their first city council meeting since torch-wielding white supremacists took over the small Virginia town, leaving a counter-protester dead in their wake. Residents were more than ready to let the city council know just how they felt about the city allowing Nazis to march through their streets. You had multiple opportunities to intervene and you did not intervene one time.  We told you exactly what you needed to do and you did nothing,  one man told the city council members at the meeting.Two protesters who were holding a sign that read  Blood on your hands  climbed up on top of the dais, at which point several members of the city council got scared and ran away. Police eventually removed several people from the meeting and arrested at least three of them, which prompted the crowd to chant Shame  and  Shut it down. Vice Mayor Wes Bellamy, was the only official who had the guts to stay and try to negotiate with the protesters, who have every right to be pissed off that Nazis were given a permit to spread their hate and violence throughout Charlottesville. The protesters called for Mayor Mike Signer to resign from his position, chanting  Signer must go! After making it abundantly clear that they do not appreciate the city council inviting white supremacists to town, they also demanded the removal of Confederate monuments from Charlottesville. The city agreed to begin the removal process and a motion was approved by the council that will commemorate the victims of the Nazi rally by draping black fabric over the statues.Watch more on the mayhem here, via WVIR: NBC29 WVIR Charlottesville, VA News, Sports and WeatherFeatured image via video screen capture",0
509, Trump Supporter In Phoenix Just Threatened John McCain’s Life,"Donald Trump, in his ongoing effort to spur on a Civil War, is holding a campaign rally in Phoenix, Arizona and his white supremacist supporters are waiting for him. While violence hasn t yet broken out, one Trump supporter was heard threatening the life of Arizona Senator John McCain.This Trump supporter is shouting at protestors: ""McCain needs to die now!"" pic.twitter.com/pwjogHfYgH  David Catanese (@davecatanese) August 22, 2017 Despite the fact that McCain gave us Sarah Palin 10 years ago, to Trump supporters, McCain has failed the loyalty test, especially when he voted against repealing the Affordable Care Act. While Trump didn t mention McCain s name, he, like a seemingly endless number of people, is becoming an enemy of the White House.3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 28, 2017 Normal people responded in exactly the way they should: pic.twitter.com/X6tlFtyZT5  FarNorth49 (@FNorth49) August 22, 2017 Yet every Trump cultist lectures us with fake conspiracies demanding we believe. Right #crocodiletears  Lifelibertyguy (@Lifelibertyguy) August 23, 2017 People will say and do hateful, hurtful things if given permission and Trump has given them both permission and encouragement  Leonard Banco (@BancoLeonard) August 22, 2017 And yet again, more proof Hillary had it right! #Deplorables  Gary Mansfield (@SamBam39) August 22, 2017 Thats just wrong. I dont care what your views are on politics but thats not right. He is a sick man. What a deplorable person.  Mary McLane (@marymac169) August 22, 2017 McCain has cancer   a particularly gruesome form of brain cancer. While he is undergoing treatment, at 80 years old, his life is fragile. That makes threatening his life especially disgusting, but Trump supporters don t care. During the campaign, and now, after his response to the riot in Charlottesville where he equated white supremacists who murdered a woman with protesters, Trump gave them explicit permission to use violence to defend themselves against the changing culture.In the meantime, Secret Service?Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
510, NYT Bombshell: Trump And McConnell Not Speaking; McConnell Questioning Trump’s GOP Future,"Donald Trump has never been Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell s (R-KY) favorite person. That uneasy relationship deteriorated further in recent days and weeks, as Trump proceeded to openly mock and humiliate McConnell, blaming him for everything from the failed attempts to repeal Obamacare to the entire situation of the fractured GOP s stalled agenda. Now, since Trump had such a disgraceful response to the white supremacist violence in Charlottesville that resulted in the death of anti-racism activist Heather Heyer and the injuries of countless others, it seems that Trump and McConnell are engaged in what the New York Times is calling their own little, quote,  cold war. According to the new bombshell report, Trump doesn t even talk to McConnell   the one most important man in the legislative branch when it comes to getting his agenda passed. The New York Times reports: The relationship between President Trump and Senator Mitch McConnell, the majority leader, has disintegrated to the point that they have not spoken to each other in weeks, and Mr. McConnell has privately expressed uncertainty that Mr. Trump will be able to salvage his administration after a series of summer crises.What was once an uneasy governing alliance has curdled into a feud of mutual resentment and sometimes outright hostility.The article further suggests that when Trump and McConnell were speaking, Trump didn t just keep his taunts to the usual juvenile derision via Twitter. No, apparently, on August 9th, McConnell and Trump had some kind of conversation, and Trump could not help going after McConnell to his face. There are no details regarding exactly what was said, but knowing Trump, it was likely pretty scathing and humiliating for McConnell, who seems to consider himself your typical dignified grown man. He is likely simply done with Trump s playground bully behavior and is no longer going to dignify Trump s ignorance and taunts with responses.It also doesn t help that McConnell s wife, Elaine Chao, is Trump s Transportation Secretary. She is an immigrant, and arrived from Taiwan as a child, speaking no English. Under Trump s new immigration plans, she would never have been allowed into this country. Further, to top it all off, Secretary Chao had to be humiliated standing next to Trump during his Charlottesville tirade, in which he defended white supremacists. Think about that   how it must have made McConnell feel to see his wife being used that way in such a despicable, bigoted, and unhinged Trump rant.All of this has resulted in much more criticism than one would expect from Mitch McConnell in public, but, according to the Times, McConnell is much more angry with Trump than he is letting on, and he is even wondering if Trump will be the GOP s leader for much longer, given his recent behavior. Again, from the New York Times:Mr. McConnell has fumed over Mr. Trump s regular threats against fellow Republicans and criticism of Senate rules, and questioned Mr. Trump s understanding of the presidency in a public speech. Mr. McConnell has made sharper comments in private, describing Mr. Trump as entirely unwilling to learn the basics of governing.In offhand remarks, Mr. McConnell has expressed a sense of bewilderment about where Mr. Trump s presidency may be headed, and has mused about whether Mr. Trump will be in a position to lead the Republican Party into next year s elections and beyond, according to people who have spoken to him directly.All in all, those two might never speak again. The thing is, though, Donald Trump has severely underestimated Mitch McConnell s power. The GOP took a chance and hitched their wagon to this ignorant, incompetent orange fool because their voters left them no choice. However, they now clearly regret it   and said regret just might be inching toward hastening Trump s removal from office.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
511, WATCH: Tucker Carlson Just Heaped Praise On Trump For Looking Directly At The Eclipse,"Cult 45 is a name given to former reality show star Donald Trump s devotees who will justify anything he does, even if it s a really dumb thing like staring directly at the eclipse without using protective eyewear. Sean Hannity is part of that cult as is Tucker Carlson. Fox News, with the exception of Shep Smith, has had a collective hard on for our country s amateur president. The world was given a couple of minutes to see the event, helping the masses forget about the chaos Trump has created. The former reality show star also took in the sight.For years, we ve been told that looking directly at an eclipse can blind you. Donald Trump was given that warning yesterday when an aide shouted,  Don t look at it!  so of course the current occupant of the White House looked directly at the eclipse. Perhaps Trump thought it was a  fake eclipse  and took it to task.  I ll show that obstructionist moon a thing or two!  Trump didn t look directly at the eclipse just once, but at least three times.Tucker Carlson, bless his little heart, said he was  impressed  with Trump for staring directly at the eclipse and potentially damaging his eyes. He looked directly at the sun without any glasses, perhaps the most impressive thing a president has ever done,  Carlson said.Watch: He looked directly at the sun without any glasses, perhaps the most impressive thing a president has ever done.  ?pic.twitter.com/uv6wYWIlvR  Ally Maynard (@missmayn) August 22, 2017Solar retinopathy can be caused by staring at the sun and during a solar eclipse, more people are at risk.Melania and Donald s 11-year-old son, Barron, knew not to look directly at the eclipse without protective eyewear on, but his 71-year-old father did not understand that it could harm his eyesight. 48-year-old Tucker Carlson apparently doesn t get it either.Last week, Carlson blasted the removal of Confederate monuments by launching into a slavery-apologist rant comparing white American slaveholders to native Americans and Plato.Yeaahhh, he s that kind of a guy.Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
512, Trump Told More Than A Thousand Documented Lies In Only Seven Months (DETAILS),"What would you do if someone kept track of everything you ever said? Most of us aren t in a position to have their every utterance monitored, but if we were, we might actually, you know, watch what we said. Especially if we knew that the people keeping track were specifically looking for lies, backtracking, flip-flopping, and repetition of all of the above.As soon as someone runs for President, however, they have to know that at the very least the media will be tracking their statements. Which means two things: Donald Trump doesn t give a shit about telling the truth, and he knows that his supporters will always think he s telling the truth, no matter how ridiculous his statements are.That s the only conclusion I can draw from Tuesday s Washington Post article, in which the running tally of lies has now surpassed a thousand in these first seven months of Trump s presidency.Many of Trump s prevarications can be chalked up to repeating debunked claims   the logic, of course, being that even if the president didn t know a thing wasn t true the first time he said it, if it s completely debunked and he repeats it, he s lying. And lying in and of itself speaks volumes to Donald Trump s character. But the kinds of lies he tells almost say more about who he is than the simple fact that he tells them.Take for example his many claims of accomplishments: The long and short of it is, he has none. When he touts the economy or jobs or the stock market, not only is he claiming responsibility for things that have nothing to do with his policies, but he s flip-flopping on his prior opinions that those things were in a  bubble  under the last president. When he says he s  bringing back jobs,  he often cites Wal-Mart, or Ford, or ExxonMobil, among others   all companies whose plans for expansion predate Trump s inauguration.Some of the lies are more nefarious in nature. It is well-documented that there is no evidence of voter fraud or widespread voting by undocumented immigrants, yet he continues to make the claim. It is indisputably untrue that Hillary Clinton was in any way responsible for a uranium extraction deal with Russia that gave the hostile country a significant stake in US rights. Why is it untrue? Because Hillary Clinton has never been president. Why Donald Trump or his supporters are stupid enough to think a Cabinet member can unilaterally negotiate with a foreign country over US interests is baffling. Does Trump think Rex Tillerson has the power to sell our oil drilling rights to Russia without his approval?The article puts the current number of Trump s lies at 1,057, notwithstanding any tweets from today, of course. In 214 days, 1,057 lies is an average of 4.94 lies per day. By this time next year, if his average holds, Trump will have lied to America nearly three thousand times.But will his supporters care?Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
513, WATCH: Catholic Nun Gives Paul Ryan A Biblical Beatdown,"In House Speaker Paul Ryan s Ayn Randish views, the way to fix the economy is by starving the poor to death. It s also totally going to help the poor   somehow. Ryan, a Catholic, was challenged by a nun during his first town hall in two years on Monday evening. After angry constituents filled the room, Sister Erica Jordan, a Dominican nun and retired school principal took Ryan s faith and his actions toward the poor to task. I know that you re a Catholic, as am I. And it seems to me that most of the Republicans in the Congress are not willing to stand with the poor and working class, as evidenced in the recent debates about health care and the anticipated tax reform,  Sister Jordan said.  So I d like to ask how you see yourself upholding the Church s social teaching that has the idea that God is always on the side of the poor and dispossessed, as should we be. In response, Ryan said,  Sister, you may   this may come as a surprise to you, but I completely agree with you. Where we may disagree is on how to achieve that goal. As you know, we all exercise prudential judgment in practicing our faith. And for me, the preferential option for the poor, which is something that s a key tenet of the Catholic faith, that means upward mobility, that means economic growth, that means equality of opportunity,  he continued.  That to me means working with this guy over here at Gateway Tech to make sure that we can close the skills gap, to make sure that every person who wants a career and job can get the benefits. Except that Ryan is wrong but at least he s consistent. Republicans do not want to make higher education affordable so the  skills gap  claim doesn t hold water. The poor are being marginalized and misaligned, in many ways, because a lot of the programs that we have, well-intentioned as they may be, are discouraging and disincentivizing work,  he continued. I think we need to change our approach on fighting poverty,  he said without one bit of irony.  Instead of measuring success on how much money we spend or how many programs we create or how many people on those programs, let s measure success and poverty on outcomes. Watch:The budget produced by Ryan s House Of Representatives would cut education and job training programs by 25 percent.Math still matters, Mr. Ryan.Featured image via screen capture",0
514, Stormfront Founder’s Son Sounds Alarm About Trump And Nazis: ‘He Salvaged Their Message’,"White supremacists have been emboldened by Donald Trump from the moment he came down the escalator in Trump Tower and announced his bid for the White House by branding all immigrants of Mexican descent rapists and criminals. That travesty of a campaign continued in that vein, as has this sorry excuse of a  presidency.  Trump knows that these people think they have a friend in him (and they do, honestly), so he refuses to disavow them.The latest debacle in that direction is, of course, Trump s disgraceful equivocation between neo-Nazis and their counter protesters during the violent white nationalist gathering in Charlottesville, Virginia. Of course, that gathering claimed the life of Heather Heyer, a brave activist standing up against hate.After Trump s remarks, former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke was alight with praise. It turns out there s a reason for that, and it is much more sinister than those of us who are not within the white power movement to really comprehend. There is one person who does, though: Derek Black, a former white nationalist and the son of Don Black, the founder of the infamous neo-Nazi website Stormfront.The younger Black warns that Trump s heightened flirtation with Nazis and his legitimizing of their message via equivocation with counter protesters is really making things much worse. At first, the white nationalists  message wasn t getting out due to the news being focused on all of the violence. According to Black, though, that all changed with Trump. Speaking to New York Times writer Michael Barbaro, Black said of Trump s response to Charlottesville: He salvaged their message. The message that they were trying to get out was that tearing down Robert E Lee s statue is an assault on white culture, so if you think that tearing down REL s statue is the wrong choice then these are your guys. But then amidst all the violence and the chaos, I think that got lost   you re not going to follow those people even if you believe that. But then in [Trump s] message, saying these are good people because they re fighting for something that a lot of people believe in, he salvaged the message that they wanted to spread, which is that if you believe this too and maybe you re on the edge about whether this is a fringe movement or not, Donald Trump thinks we re fine. And that is just yet. It is why they are wearing khakis and polos now instead of hoods. It is why they are re-branding themselves the so-called  alt-right.  It is why they are even telling people who come to their rallies to look  sexy    so that they can disassociate from uneducated, mouthbreathing rednecks who everyone mocks and no one takes seriously. They want to make sure this is someone who could be your cookie cutter suburban family, just living next door, and you d be none the wiser. That s why it is so important to keep this a fringe group in the minds of everyone, regardless of whether their politics are left-wing or right-wing. Black further explains: It s just impossible to say what will happen in the future. Maybe nothing. But the point of that rally was to try to recruit people, to try to grow. And if you were on the fence about whether you should get involved in that stuff or not, the president s OK is the biggest thing that s ever happened. That s why what Trump is doing here is so dangerous. It s why we all need to MAKE SURE that white supremacy, no matter how it is dressed up, is NEVER normalized. Ever. That will be the job of all of us, because clearly, that messaging will never come from the White House.Thank you, Derek Black, for denouncing your family s hateful beliefs, and speaking out in a unique way to counter this kind of hate.Featured image via Twitter",0
515, Steve Mnuchin’s Spoiled Wife Just Went Apesh**t Over Criticism From A Random Instagram User (IMAGE),"Donald Trump s Treasury Secretary, former hedge funder and Goldman Sachs guy Steve Mnuchin, is not having a good week. First, he was pressured by hundreds of his fellow Yale graduates to resign from Trump s cabinet after the orange wannabe dictator s disgraceful comments following the white supremacist violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. Mnuchin, who is Jewish, showed that he s willing to lick Trump s ass just like everyone else in that kleptocracy, was defiant and even had the gall to defend Trump   despite the fact that if those Nazis Trump was defending had their way, Mnuchin would be dead.Now, Mnuchin s wife, a spoiled Scottish actress by the name of Louise Linton, is in hot water over an Instagram post. The hullabalu started when she posted a photo of herself and her husband riding pretty in a government plane on our dime, and posted the following hashtags: Great #daytrip to #Kentucky! #nicest #people #beautiful #countryside #rolandmouret pants #tomford sunnies, #hermesscarf #valentinorockstudheels #valentino #usa Of course, she s posting about brands even upper middle class people can t usually afford. Nevermind that, though   Ms. Spoiled Brat is going to show how absolutely clueless she and everyone else in that government is when it comes to the lives of average Americans.Of course, Linton s transgressions didn t go unnoticed, and another user,  Jenni M,  posted: Glad we could pay for your little getaway. #deplorable That s when Mnuchin s wife lost her shit. She posted a tirade against the user for simply pointing out the obvious. Linton responded in a nasty post: cute! .Aw!! Did you think this was a personal trip?! Adorable! Do you think the US govt paid for our honeymoon or personal travel?! Lololol. Have you given more to the economy than me and my husband? Either as an individual earner in taxes OR in self sacrifice to your country? I m pretty sure we paid more taxes toward our day  trip  than you did. Pretty sure the amount we sacrifice per year is a lot more than you d be willing to sacrifice if the choice was yours. You re adorably out of touch. Thanks for the passive aggressive nasty comment. Your kids look very cute. Your life looks cute. I know you re mad but deep down you re really nice and so am I. Sending me passive aggressive Instagram comments isn t going to make life feel better. Maybe a nice message, one filled with wisdom and hunanity [SIC] would get more traction. Have a pleasant evening. Go chill out and watch the new game of thrones. It s fab! Of course, since the kerfuffle went viral, the cowardly actress has deleted it. But   the internet is forever:This is just more proof that Trump s government is made up of nothing but spoiled morons who have no business being there. Just ugh. Can we kick these people out already?Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
516," Did Ron Paul Just Confuse Al-Qaeda With ISIS, Or Does He Simply Not Know The Difference? (TWEETS)","Former Texas Congressman Ron Paul added yet more fuel to the argument that older people should stay away from Twitter when he either confused ISIS with Al-Qaeda or simply proved that he has absolutely no idea what he is talking about in a misinformed tweet on Monday night:Remember: there was no al-Qaeda until our foolish invasion of Iraq based on neocon lies.  Ron Paul (@RonPaul) August 22, 2017One could only wish that the 82-year-old Paul, a man who has run for president three times as both a Libertarian and Republican, and one who also holds a degree in Medicine from Duke University, would be slightly more intelligent, but apparently that just isn t the case. We currently have a President in office who is concerned the with mainstream media spouting  fake news,  yet doesn t call out fellow or former Republicans when they do the exact same thing, however, fortunately there were plenty of people on Twitter who were willing to do so on Trump s behalf.Actually he's right. No Al Qaeda in Iraq before we invaded.  mike nakadai (@cinemiike) August 22, 2017Alzheimer's is terrible. Thoughts and prayers.  nosferatu (@ChrisRosendin) August 22, 2017I still remember. ? pic.twitter.com/wCqRtf5dbB  WeGovernUSA (@WeGovernUSA) August 22, 2017Was it over when when Germans bombed Pearl Harbor?Germans?Forget it, he's rolling.  Wulander (@WuShocks) August 22, 2017Even if we were to give Paul the benefit of the doubt and believe he made a simple absent-minded error, his factually-deficient tweet proves that it is people like him who are the main source of this  fake news  problem. All it would ve taken was a little fact-checking and proof-reading to see the error in his propaganda, but maybe we can clear it up for him if he is able to see the flaw in his tweet, wants to retract the statement, but can t be bothered with the research.Al-Qaeda was founded by Osama Bin Laden, Abdullah Azzah, and other Arab volunteers in the 1980s to fight the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, however, they will forever go down in history for the 9/11 terror attacks, an event that definitely happened before the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003. ISIS, on the other hand, achieved notoriety following the U.S. invasion of Iraq, but they still existed before then, founded in 1999 by Jordanian Salafi jihadist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi under the name Jam at al-Taw d wa-al-Jih d and pledging their allegiance to Al-Qaeda in 2004.See, Ron, fact-checking isn t that difficult and it helps prevent opening old wounds, or ones that are still reasonably fresh with the pain still being felt to this day, wounds such as 9/11.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
517, Congressional Black Caucus Signals That They Absolutely Intend To Impeach Trump,"The Congressional Black Caucus, like most Democrats and reasonable people everywhere, have never had very warm feelings toward Donald Trump   to put it mildly. After all, this is a section of the House of Representatives dedicated to protecting the interests and rights of Black Americans, and Trump is a lifelong open and avowed racist. However, they have, for the most part, seemed to stop short of calling for Trump s removal   with the exception of Rep. Maxine Waters, who is, of course, in a league all her own.This level of restraint being exercised by the majority of this powerful group of lawmakers has definitely changed as of late, though. Ever since Trump s disgraceful response to the horrific events in Charlottesville at a rally of neo-Nazis that resulted in countless injuries and the death of a brave young woman, it seems that the Black Caucus is done playing. They want Trump out of office, posthaste. During a conference call held with the press on Monday, Rep. Cedric Richmond (D-LA) said of Trump: You can make an argument based on pure competency and fitness to serve, and that s the conversation the caucus will have. Am I concerned about high crimes and misdemeanors? Absolutely. Am I concerned about this president s fitness to serve? Absolutely. Richmond also indicated that Charlottesville was the last straw when it came to giving Trump the benefit of the doubt when it comes to whether or not he really has the concerns of Black America at heart. Granted, all of this is a pipe dream for now. The GOP will criticize Trump until the cows come home, but they sure as hell won t do anything about him. They won t even formally censure him, much less move to remove him from office.All of that could change, however, if the House is returned to Democratic control in 2018. Folks, if we want to save our republic, we ll give the Congressional power to the Democrats next year while we still have a country to save.Featured image via Law Officer",0
518," Body-Slamming Republican Thought He Was Too Important To Be Booked, Printed, Judge Says No Way","You may remember Greg Gianforte, the Republican who won Montana s only Congressional seat in May even after assaulting reporter Ben Jacobs of the Guardian. He disputed the charge at first, then audio came out that clearly depicted him body-slamming the journalist after Jacobs asked a series of uncomfortable questions.Gianforte pled guilty to the charge back in June, although it had no bearing on the outcome of his post-assault election. Presumably, the voters of Montana thought Jacobs had it coming, or perhaps they re so committed to their political party that even an assault charge won t deter them from voting for a GOP candidate.At the time, the Tea Party lawmaker protested the judge s order that he be booked and fingerprinted, as well as have his photo taken for a mug shot. His lawyers argued that the judge didn t have the authority to order the proceedings since he was never actually handcuffed and arrested formally   a feat he pulled off by coincidentally being the candidate the local Sheriff had made political donations to during his campaign.Now, despite his legal team s argument that he was exempt because he was only charged with a misdemeanor, a judge has ordered that Gianforte turn himself in by September 15th for booking on the charge. If the congressman doesn t comply, the judge said, he will be held in contempt of court.Although Gianforte has paid his fines, apologized to Jacobs, and donated $50,000 to the Committee to Protect Journalists, he has yet to complete his community service. There is no word whether he has followed through on the anger management classes he was ordered to attend.Practically speaking, a mugshot should worry the congressman when it comes time for reelection. Campaign ads could use it freely, as they are public record. But the question remains whether Gianforte, who raised nearly $120,000 in donations after admitting to the assault, has anything to worry about at all with the voters of Montana.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
519, Ron Paul Blames Obama For A Stock Market Crash That Hasn’t Happened Yet,"Ron Paul, who s a retired doctor, not an economist, has a prediction that in the very near future, the stock market will lose half its value. Guess who would be to blame? Why it s the black guy, of course. A 50 percent pullback is conceivable,  Paul said on  Futures Now  recently.  I don t believe it s ten years off. I don t even believe it s a year off. According to his calculations, it would cut the S&P 500 Index in half, to 1212, and the blue-chip Dow Jones Industrial Average would collapse to 10,837.Paul noted that there s a lot of chaos in Washington right now, with an  unpredictable president  and those who are inclined to  tear him apart  but if the market takes that big of a tumble, he doesn t see it as Trump s fault. It s all man-made. It s not the fault of Donald Trump in the last week. If the market crashes tomorrow and we have a great depression, he didn t do it in six months. It took more like six or ten years to cause all these problems that we re facing,  he said.Source: CNBCSix to 10 years ago, hmmm, who was in office for the vast majority of that time?Paul has spent much of his career as an economic doomsdayer, and sometimes it sounds like he s right, just because, well, broken clocks and all Two years ago, he predicted nearly the same collapse, but he had a solution, which could be anyone s for just $49.50   for sale on his website, of course.As part of an infomercial for Stansberry & Associates Investment Research, Ron Paul warned that a currency crisis  of epic proportions  would arrive soon and prophesied that life in America was  guaranteed to end in disaster  as  a total breakdown of the stock market  would lead to  civil unrest  and  authoritarian clampdowns.  Paul said people could avoid   and even benefit from   the collapse by purchasing Stansberry s  Survival Blueprint  for weathering the coming catastrophe for $49.50.Source: CNNThe only thing Ron Paul hates more than regulations and the Federal Reserve, is a more diverse society. He s a long-avowed racist who was never a fan of President Obama. In March, Paul s institute ran a blog post that accused Obama of sabotaging Trump.He s also a big believer in the  Deep State,  which is a shadow government that really runs the United States. According to another blog post, Obama is still part of that deep state.A 50 percent drop in the stock market would be disastrous for our economy, but as I mentioned, Paul is not an economist. He arguably predicted the real estate crash, but so did a lot of economists. Paul, like his buddy Alex Jones, is full of doomsday predictions and he has books to sell. If such a drop happens, you might be able to point fingers at some Obama policies, but it s Trump who s scaring the hell out of everyone, including investors. If we crash, Trump is driving the bus and he will get the blame   at least from most people.Featured image via Pete Marovich/Getty Images",0
520, GOP Lawmaker Blames Obama For Staging Racist Mayhem In Charlottesville,"According to Republican lawmaker from Idaho, it is  completely plausible  that former President Barack Obama was responsible for staging the racist mayhem to took over the streets of Charlottesville, Virginia. Because, OF COURSE it s Obama s fault. Everything is always Obama s fault. I m not saying it is true, but I am suggesting that it is completely plausible, Bryan Zollinger, a state representative for Idaho Falls, wrote on social media. We know that many protesters were Soros funded and we also know that Donald Trump is not a racist. The man was in the public spotlight for 20+ years with zero allegations of racism,  Zollinger continued, clearly ignoring the reality and hanging onto alternative facts. He then blamed the media for choosing to  push this narrative. Zollinger s Facebook post linked to an article published by the American Thinker entitled Charlottesville and Its Aftermath: What if It Was a Setup, which claimed that Obama, George Soros and the mayor of Charlottesville were responsible for staging the violent chaos we saw play out in Charlottesville. The conflagration in Charlottesville is beginning to feel like a set-up, perhaps weeks or months in the planning,  the author of the article wrote.  We know that Obama and his inner circle have set up a war room in his D.C. home to plan and execute resistance to the Trump administration and his legislative agenda. The Idaho Statesman contacted Zollinger to see just what he had to say for himself and his response was just as pathetic as you d expect. In hindsight, maybe it was a mistake to post it,  he said.  I didn t mean for it to ruffle any feathers,  Zoros said before reiterating that the absurd theory was indeed a  plausible  theory.We all knew it was just a matter of time before Republicans found a way to try to blame President Obama for the stampede of hatred we saw in Virginia. But we also know that it is the GOP and their bigoted  president  that has inspired the new wave of white supremacists with Nazi ideologies we are seeing today. Conservatives are the ones who built this. But naturally, it s Obama s fault. Because its always  Obama s fault. Always.Image via The Idaho StatesmanFeatured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
521, Twitter Has Absolute Field Day Laughing At Trump For Blinding Himself During Eclipse,"Scientists have been warning the world for weeks not to stare directly at the sun without protective eyewear during Monday s solar eclipse unless you want to suffer damage to your eyes. True to form, Donald Trump apparently decided those warnings were either fake news or a Chinese hoax and did precisesly what he was told not to do. Like the total dumbass he is, Trump stared right at the sun with no glasses on, because of course he did.Images via Mark Wilson/Getty ImagesAides can actually be heard shouting at him not to look at the sun.Someone shouts  don t look  as Pres. Trump looks up without eclipse glasses on as solar eclipse passes over D.C. https://t.co/5ft70fm30R pic.twitter.com/0lAkuzF9RZ  ABC News (@ABC) August 21, 2017As pictures of our Commander in Chief looking directly into the sun began to circulate, people on Twitter had an absolute field day laughing at Trump s total stupidity. The mockery may be even more entertaining than the eclipse itself.Don t worry, he was already blind. To justice, reason, and the rule of law. #TrumpResign #SolarEclipse2017 pic.twitter.com/IhRmGe0vWt  Eugene Gu, MD (@eugenegu) August 21, 2017In fairness, looking directly into the sun, despite all the warnings, pretty much captures the Trump presidency https://t.co/cc69yhwTNf  Josh Marshall (@joshtpm) August 21, 2017In a cabinet meeting, Jared and Ivanka urged Trump not to look directly into the eclipse, but  Jonathan Chait (@jonathanchait) August 21, 2017AIDE: You need to wear eclipse glasses. TRUMP: Did Obama wear them? AIDE: Yes   it s a safety issue. TRUMP: Then it s settled. No glasses. pic.twitter.com/gXQrDat96l  Josh Jordan (@NumbersMuncher) August 21, 2017#SolarEclipse2017 @realDonaldTrump  The sun is such a loser for letting the moon block it out!   I have the best eyes.They re magnificent!  pic.twitter.com/jnIIFU3JWK  Kassie Ragsdale (@kassieragsdale) August 21, 2017SCIENTIST:  Don t look at the sun during an eclipse. TRUMP:  Fake news!  pic.twitter.com/JzIW422z4r  Jerric Dondarrion (@BostonJerry) August 21, 2017I honestly didn t think there could be a way Trump could embarrass us just by watching a solar eclipse.Yet, here we are.  P  Resists (@4everNeverTrump) August 21, 2017#Trump doesn t need protective eye wear!  I have the greatest corneas of all time, really. The best.  #Eclipse pic.twitter.com/uXdsQGsz9j  Shawna Hazlett   (@shawnahaze) August 21, 2017 Nobody ever thought you could go blind from looking at an #eclipse    Trump, a few hours from now, fumbling for his cane  Oliver Willis (@owillis) August 21, 2017Warning:Don t look directly at it.Trump: #SolarEclipse2017 pic.twitter.com/xjttkhxQsC  St Peter (@stpeteyontweety) August 21, 2017Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
522, Donald Trump Never Met A Disaster He Couldn’t Make Much Worse,"Back when conservative politics were actually political, rather than social, there was a guy by the actual real name of Grover Norquist who summed up the aim of Republican politicians:I don t want to abolish government. I simply want to reduce it to the size where I can drag it into the bathroom and drown it in the bathtub.Yes, back in the days before Nazis invaded America, Republicans and neo-conservatives focused on just three things. They wanted endless war, tax breaks for the rich, and to dismantle government regulations. Norquist s quote is from 2001, but it sounds a little like he s been skulking around the White House or something because the actual conservatives surrounding Donald Trump appear to be pushing back to that agenda.Oh, and speaking of drowning, that s what happens when you remove safety standards   those mean old nasty gub mint regulations. So why would anyone do that? Well, the short answer is money. It s always money, and fewer regulations mean faster, cheaper work. Normally, a politician can t come out and just say  We re getting rid of safety so rich people can have more money.  But Trump can, because his base is made up of equal parts Nazis, people too busy making Biblical excuses for him to notice, and just plain dumbasses.There wasn t really a chance to test this version of the  shoot someone on 5th Avenue  theory, though. Trump s announcement that he was revoking rules protecting the environment in order to speed up cheap infrastructure was cloaked by his simultaneous defense of the Nazis who murdered Heather Heyer in Charlottesville.The rule change that delivers on the promise of this article s headline is one that used to require federal construction to account for rising sea levels when planning and building a project. That s great for constructing a highway that should take three years in less than one. It s not so great for the people living next to it, or the cities it runs through. The change is to an Obama rule that mandated construction two feet above future flood levels, which means that without that requirement, those fast, cheap roads could be underwater following even a mild natural disaster.FEMA has a few things to say about flooding   that it s the leading cause of death among natural disasters in America, that 85% of all emergency declarations are due to floods, that it costs the government billions to recover from major flooding   but why not take it from me? I know from floods: I live in a town that used to flood every single year. Until our city hunkered down and made some riverfront construction rules, that is. The first year that I moved to this tiny hamlet in the Pacific Northwest, I found myself sandbagging a river with my new neighbors by November. My roommates and I ended up at one of their parents  house 10 miles away, because the water came four feet up the stairs to our apartment.Why did I live in the floodplain? Because I was poor. In fact, people in relative or severe poverty make up the largest percentage of those who live in the path of floods. So it s not only states that will have to pay for flooding damage due to this rule reversal. The hardest-hit by this will be those least able to recover from it.Featured image via Michael B. Thomas/Getty Images",0
523, Thousands Of Advertisers Are Fleeing From Fake News Site Breitbart,"Donald Trump s former Chief Strategist Stephen K. Bannon exited the Whitey House following the so-called president s widely condemned response to the Nazi march in Charlottesville, Virginia in which one of his supporters murdered a woman and injured 19 others. So, Bannon headed back to fake news site Breitbart.com.  Sniff, I m gonna take my ball and go home! Bannon will be greeted by advertisers fleeing from the site. In recent months, nearly 2,600 advertisers have discontinued their ads from the site which is presently publishing smear pieces against Trump s National Security Adviser, H.R. McMaster.A boycott by a grassroots campaign was launched against the site and that seems to have been effective considering the mass exodus of advertisers.The campaign works like this: tweets are directed to advertisers, like this one which reads,  @SimpleTire are you aware that your ads are running on Breitbart s hateful site? @slpng_giants can help! Just ask.  Hi Mistie, Thanks for letting us know, we have removed them from our ad feed. @slpng_giants  SimpleTire.com (@SimpleTire) August 21, 2017Boom! Simple Tire has removed their ads from Breitbart.The Independent reports:According to a tweet by Sleeping Giants, a campaign group aiming to pressure companies into cutting ties with media they deem to be racist or sexist, the number of advertisers that have ceased advertising is  climbing towards 2,600 .The individual behind Sleeping Giants has been at this for quite awhile.Here are a few examples:CONFIRMED: @medpost has blocked Breitbart from their media buy! Thank you! https://t.co/FGXo8lsswY  Sleeping Giants (@slpng_giants) August 21, 2017CONFIRMED: @VegaTeam has blocked Breitbart from their media buy! Thanks! https://t.co/OdwIJB4297  Sleeping Giants (@slpng_giants) August 21, 2017After so many have been fired or vacated their positions in the Trump administration, it might be payback time for the former reality show star. Bannon is reportedly  ramping up for war  against Trump now that he s been fired.Bannon friend says Breitbart ramping up for war against Trump. ""It's now a Democrat White House,"" source says.  Gabriel Sherman (@gabrielsherman) August 18, 2017Breitbart editor Joel Pollak suggested that Bannon s ousting means  war. #WAR  Joel B. Pollak (@joelpollak) August 18, 2017Well, we know what kind of war Trump can expect from the Alt-Right site. Twitter accounts with Pepe the Frog avatars will be launched, and perhaps they ll start conspiracy theories about Trump, maybe saying that he has low stamina, he s sick and doesn t have long to live (because he coughed), and who knows, Trump might visit a pizzeria where there is obviously a child sex slave ring in the basement   even though it doesn t have a basement.Breitbart has even more to worry about. In May it was reported that Breitbart.com has fallen from 45th place to 281st place in news site traffic ratings since March, according to the web analytics company Alexa.com. As of August 19th, Breitbart has fallen to 298th place in traffic ratings.I know how Breitbart can get their traffic booming again. If Bannon has access to the pee-pee tapes and publishes them, he can give his site s servers a real test for how much traffic it can hold. You see how we try to help?Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
524, Trump’s Response To USS John S. McCain Collision Was Just Heartless,"It s common knowledge that Donald Trump is a self-obsessed narcissist, but he also considers himself to be somewhat of a patriot, so when the guided-missile destroyer USS John S. McCain was involved in a collision on Sunday evening with an oil tanker near the mouth of the Strait of Malacca en route to Singapore, an incident that left 10 sailors missing and another five injured, one would expect the President of the United States to have some compassionate words.But that wasn t to be the case. Instead, President Trump had a simple three-word reaction for journalists    That s too bad.  The Commander in Chief reportedly didn t even offer any further comment for the media, instead taking to his preferred platform, Twitter, to send his condolences to those involved in the collision, offering the stock-standard  thoughts and prayers  response, but very little else.Thoughts & prayers are w/ our @USNavy sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search & rescue efforts are underway. https://t.co/DQU0zTRXNU  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 21, 2017It is unknown whether the President had been briefed prior to commenting on the incident, but regardless, neither his comments to the media or those he later tweeted showed anything that came even remotely close to true compassion.According to the US Navy, the USS John S. McCain, based in Yokosuka, Japan, sustained damage to its port side after colliding with the merchant ship, the accident reported at 5:24 am Monday local time, as the destroyer passed the entrance to one of the world s most congested shipping routes, the Strait of Malacca. Carl Schuster, a former director of operations at the US Pacific Command s Joint Intelligence Center, claims the oil tanker also involved in the incident would have been at least three times larger than the USS John S. McCain.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
525, Secret Service Officially Can’t Afford To Pay Agents Thanks To Trump’s Constant Golf Trips,"Donald Trump has been wasting taxpayer dollars on his personal vacations, protection for his giant golden tower in New York, security at his golf clubs, and pretty much everything else you can imagine ever since he assumed office, but if you needed an example of how bad things are we can t even afford to pay the Secret Service agents protecting him anymore.CNBC reports that more than 1,000 agents have  already hit the federally mandated caps for salary and overtime allowances that were meant to last the entire year  thanks to the  crushing workload  Donald Trump has brought them.The Secret Service has a big job with the Trump family. Not only do they have to protect him as he jaunts from golf course to golf course, but they are also forced to protect his sniveling children on their business trips both in the United States and abroad. The president has a large family, and our responsibility is required in law,  Secret Service Director Randolph  Tex  Alles said in an interview.  I can t change that. I have no flexibility. The Trump family is such a big problem that Alles says that without more funding, he won t even be able to pay agents for work they have already done:The compensation crunch is so serious that the director has begun discussions with key lawmakers to raise the combined salary and overtime cap for agents, from $160,000 per year to $187,000 for at least the duration of Trump s first term.But even if such a proposal was approved, about 130 veteran agents would not be fully compensated for hundreds of hours already amassed, according to the agency. I don t see this changing in the near term,  Alles said.As the Trump family continues to bleed the country dry with their constant vacations and business trips   all of which require Secret Service protection   Congress is actually considering giving them more money to flush down the toilet as they are forced to pay for hotel rooms, travel, and even $60,000 (and growing) in golf cart rentals.The solution isn t to give the Trump family more money. It s time for Congress to take action to limit travel or pass legislation that would exempt personal vacations and business trips for the President s children from requiring Secret Service protection once the agency s budget has been exhausted.It s time for the Trump family to begin living within the country s means.Featured image via Getty Images/Alex wong",0
526, Bannon Takes His ‘Weapons’ At Breitbart; Smears ‘Quran Kissing’ McMaster In Scathing Hit Piece,"This week s chaotic news cycle was mostly dominated by Donald Trump s disgraceful response to the violence perpetuated by white supremacists, neo-Nazis, and other far-right hate groups in Charlottesville, Virginia. However, that news cycle had a great big exclamation point at the end of it on Friday, when it was announced that Trump s white supremacist Chief Strategist, Stephen K. Bannon would be ousted. Of course, Bannon quickly returned to his perch at Breitbart News, and promised war. Now, we are seeing just what he meant.Everyone remembers the insane interview in which Bannon promised to continue pushing his twisted ideology from outside the White House. He told the Weekly Standard, a conservative publication that has long been critical of Trump, in part: I feel jacked up. Now I m free. I ve got my hands back on my weapons. Someone said,  it s Bannon the Barbarian.  I am definitely going to crush the opposition. There s no doubt. I built a f***ing machine at Breitbart. And now I m about to go back, knowing what I know, and we re about to rev that machine up. And rev it up we will do. Now, aside from the insanity of that remark, it seems that Bannon is just as much of a dangerous lunatic as we all knew him to be. His only loyalties lie with his white supremacist agenda. Therefore, it should come as no surprise that he has already begun attacking Trump s National Security Adviser, H.R. McMaster in the pages of Breitbart. This weekend, the right-wing rag ran a story that featured the following headline: H.R. McMaster Endorsed Book That Advocates Quran-Kissing Apology Ceremonies. The attack charges that McMaster refuses to adequately condemn Islam, which is something of a requirement in pro-Trump circles. Where do they get this evidence? Well, because McMaster allegedly supported a military manual that said not to offend Muslims by desecrating their holy book, the Qu ran. Of course, the radical right only thinks that Christians deserve any respect whatsoever.This is likely just a jumping off point for Breitbart s attacks on McMaster now that Bannon is out of the White House. They will likely go after General Kelly as well. After all, it was known that neither of the Generals was fond of Bannon and the combative and chaotic nature of his White House tenure. Despite the messages coming out of the White House, it is widely believed that General Kelly is the one who actually was able to get Trump to get rid of him.All in all, Bannon s return to Breitbart will likely mean heightened chaos in the White House, and therefore in the nation.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
527, The One Major Reason Trump Won’t Give Up On His Support For White Supremacists,"Last week was the week it became official that Donald Trump isn t even trying to be President of the United States. His horrible responses to the Neo-nazi/KKK/White Supremacist hate rally in Charlottesville, Virginia proves that he s only concerned with a tiny portion of the United States, and that s his frightening and adoring base.While Trump s approval ratings continue to fall among most Americans, his base is lapping up Trump s attempts at spurring on racial division.A GOP strategist working campaigns in red and purple states said that while support for Trump generally declined slightly since Charlottesville, support rose among his base, after a decline last month because of the failure on health care and revelations about the Russia investigation. This strategist said many Trump supporters applaud the president s continuing desire to shake up Washington, favor his economic priorities and admire his willingness to speak his mind.Source: Washington PostPolitically, this is stupid.But he said Trump has nonetheless created a longer-term risk.  What he s doing that s harmful is he s removing people from the persuadable audience, and that s dangerous,  he said.  He s taken an event where he could have added 5 percent of people to the persuadable universe and [instead] he s dumped out 10 percent of them. Trump doesn t care, though. The sycophantic worship is far more important to Trump than any sort of reelection strategy and it s certainly more important to him than the future of the Republican Party   a party that s only in office because of gerrymandering, voter suppression and really undemocratic (both small and big  D ) campaign finance laws.For Trump, appealing to the worst in humanity is that only strategy that works and there is absolutely no sign he ll be letting up on it anytime soon. In fact, the now ousted Steve Bannon, back at the helm of the white supremacist site Breitbart, is vowing to use his platform to keep Trump focused on his nationalist agenda.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
528," After Charlottesville GOP Asks Supporters How Trump Is Doing: Great, Good, Or Just Okay?","Donald Trump has a massive ego, so much so that he s claimed several times that he won the popular vote (he didn t win the popular vote). The former reality show star is seven months into the job and he s still in campaign mode, holding ego-rallies while bringing up  Crooked  Hillary Clinton on Twitter in order to deflect from his scandal-plagued administration. But Trump s failure to directly blame the Nazis who stormed the streets of Charlottesville, Virginia in his name while carrying torches and shouting  Blood and soil,  a Nazi Germany era slogan and  Jews will not replace us!  has resulted in a backlash of epic proportions. The Alt-Righters are his people and instead of denouncing them for the murder of a Heather Heyer, 32, while leaving 19 others injured, he blamed  both sides. That said, the GOP gives three options in their latest poll which is titled,  Official Presidential Job Performance Poll. How would you rate President Trump s job performance so far?  the  poll  asks.Your choices are:Great.Good.Okay.Other.We re not saying that you should take the poll (you should take the poll) but that  other  option is screaming for attention. According to the latest Gallup poll, Trump s approval rating is at a dismal 34 percent. If it gets much lower, he ll be in Nixon territory and Mr. Watergate, unlike Trump, started his presidency with strong approval ratings. By the end of his presidency, Nixon s approval rating had tumbled to 24 percent. Now, Nixon may not have had support from Nazis but he did have Roger Stone.Trump s approval ratings are worse than Bill Clinton s were at the height of the proceedings to impeach him because he was the recipient of an adulterous blow job. The Trump campaign s collusion with Russia scandal is rocking the White House but Robert Mueller is all over that. Because Trump can t control his own temper, he lashed out at the media while blaming the victims of a terror attack perpetrated by one of his own followers so we re going to link to the totally  official  poll again.Photo by Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images.",0
529, Twitter BURNS Trump For Thanking White Supremacist Steve Bannon In Post Attacking Hillary Clinton,"Donald Trump is truly pathetic.Trump has reportedly not been able to contact Steve Bannon since signing off on his firing on Friday.Calls for Bannon s removal only increased after Trump s refusal to condemn Nazis in the wake of the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.So, Trump decided to reach out to Bannon on Twitter and thanked his top white supremacist deputy for his service. But Trump did more than just thank Bannon.Trump also insulted Hillary Clinton in a clear demonstration that he does not care about the civility associated with the office of the presidency.I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton   it was great! Thanks S  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 19, 2017This obsession with Hillary Clinton needs to stop. More Americans voted for Hillary Clinton in 2016 than did for Trump. When Trump insults her, he insults the millions of Americans who voted for her.That s the kind of divisive rhetoric that presidents avoid, and it s the rhetoric that has emboldened Nazis and white supremacists.Many Twitter users took aim at Trump.I did Nazi that coming!  Alt Sarah H. Sanders (@AltUSPressSec) August 19, 2017pic.twitter.com/Ea24ZPoOHp  Tonneke (@ton566) August 19, 2017You will be Tweeting terrible things about Bannon within a couple weeks when the Breitbart Anti-Trump machine kicks in.  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) August 19, 2017The only thing crooked is your fake presidency.  News View (@NewsView100) August 19, 2017pic.twitter.com/QHJZD8Eaes  Vassilis Ntousas (@VNtousas) August 19, 2017At least Hillary isn t a White Nationalist like yours truly. pic.twitter.com/VhvS8GjOUb  The Tweetwit (@TheTweetwit) August 19, 2017A bigoted, hateful man like Steve Bannon should have never been in the administration.  Anirvan Ghosh (@anirvanghosh) August 19, 2017Remember to thank him for all the white supremacy he brought to the White House. You must be so proud of that achievement.  Mike P Williams ? (@Mike_P_Williams) August 19, 2017Last time I checked it wasn t her accused of treason, racism and nepotism and under several federal investigations  Mr HipsterPharmacist (@PhilP85) August 19, 2017Donald Trump is a divisive racist who should be impeached. His presidency has been a train wreck from day one and it s only going to get worse unless Congress does something to stop him.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
530, KKK Leader Threatens To ‘Burn’ A ‘N****r’ Journalist During Off-The-Rails Interview,"When Afro-Latina journalist Ilia Calder n showed up to interview Ku Klux Klan leader Chris Baker, a member of one of the many  Christian  groups that showed up in Charlottesville, Virginia to preach hate and murder people, she expected him to hate her   but she says that she didn t expect anything like what she actually encountered. We have nothing here in America; ya ll keep flooding it,  Baker said during the interview, wondering aloud why Calder n didn t  go back  to her country of origin.  But like God says   like Yahweh himself says   we will chase you out of here. Later in the interview, he decided that chasing wasn t enough, informing Calder n,  Wee s going to burn you out. We killed 6 million Jews the last time. Eleven million is nothing,  Baker explained, referencing the 11 million  illegals  currently in the country.Baker praised the white supremacist terrorist who drove his car through a crowd of protesters, killing Heather Heyer. According to Baker, the driver is a hero for running over nine communist anti-fascists . When a couple of them die, it doesn t bother us,  Baker says.  They re always attacking and messing with our rallies. To me, you re a n*gger, that s it,  Baker told the journalist. My team told me that I would be insulted, and I knew, but I never imagined the level,  Calder n told Univision following the interview.  At that time I really felt very afraid for my safety and the safety of my team. Trump supporters   especially those who subscribe to varying degrees of fascist ideologies   are terrible people. When Hillary Clinton called them a  basket of Deplorables,  she severely understated things. A basket is too small to hold the number of people in Trump s corner who are awful.Watch the interview below:Featured image via screengrab",0
531, NAACP: Bannon May Be Gone But Trump Is Still A Raging Bigot,"The NAACP issued a statement following the firing of Steve Bannon, Donald Trump s racist chief strategist, on Friday afternoon. The organization explained that while they are certainly glad to see Bannon go, it doesn t change the fact that the sitting president is still a raging bigot. The NAACP is glad to see Steve Bannon out of the White House,  Derrick Johnson, the group s interim president and CEO said in a statement. Ousting one key staffer, however, can t erase the words used by President Trump this week in defense of domestic terrorists, neo-Nazis and white supremacists. President Trump provided permission for these hate groups to exist. Bannon left his job at the right-wing propoganda site, Breitbart News, to sign on as Trump s campaign manager and then became the alleged president s chief strategist following the election. As a well known racist and anti-Semite, Bannon was widely accepted as the bigoted mastermind behind much of Trump s most racist rhetoric and policies.In the statement, the NAACP also called on Trump to fire the rest of  the people who share Steve Bannon s poisonous beliefs, including senior policy adviser Stephen Miller and national security aide Sebastian Gorka.Bannon s firing came after racial tensions in the U.S. reached a fevered pitch following the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia that left a counter-protester dead. Trump has repeatedly failed to convincingly denounce these hate groups. Instead, he has chosen to argue that  both sides  were responsible for the violence and accused counter-protesters of violently attacking the poor innocent Nazis, which has lead to widespread outrage.The NAACP is absolutely right. Bannon was just one of many racists in Trump s White House and his departure surely doesn t fix the overall problem, which is that Trump himself holds these same bigoted beliefs.Featured image via Zach Gibson   Pool/Getty Images",0
532, Resignation Letter To Donald Trump Has Secret Message To Resistance,"Ever since Donald Trump failed his test of moral leadership following the Nazi/white Supremacist rally in Charlottesville, VA, his administration has been bleeding.First, his business council collapsed when business leader after business leader said they wanted no part in Trump s sympathy with Nazis. The same is now happening with his Committee on the Arts and Humanities as 16 members of the group sent Trump a resignation letter that was just perfect   if you re a member of the resistance.Here is a part of the resignation letter: Reproach and censure in the strongest possible terms are necessary following your support of the hate groups and terrorists who killed and injured fellow Americans in Charlottesville. The false equivalencies you push cannot stand. The Administrations refusal to quickly and unequivocally condemn the cancer of hatred only further emboldens those who wish America ill. We cannot sit idly by, the way your West Wing advisors have, without speaking out against your words and actions. We are members of the Presidents Committee on the Arts and Humanities (PCAH). The Committee was created in 1982 under President Reagan to advise the White House on cultural issues. We were hopeful that continuing to serve in the PCAH would allow us to focus on the important work the committee does with your federal partners in the arts and humanities for all Americans. Effective immediately, please accept our resignation Source: ViceHere s the full letter, signed by 16 members, including artist Chuck Close, author Jhumpa Lahiri, architect Thom Mayne and  Jersey Boys  actor John Lloyd Young and Minnesota Congressman Richard Cohen:JUST IN: In letter to Pres. Trump, a mass resignation from the presidential arts and humanities committee. pic.twitter.com/4Mor0vEoBK  NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) August 18, 2017Do you see it? Probably not. Look at the first letter of each paragraph   R-E-S-I-S-T.pic.twitter.com/mdNpjI35hy  Hesiod Theogeny (@Hesiod2k11) August 18, 2017Naturally, Twitter had their opinions.pic.twitter.com/TxjAq6UxFg  techiethomas (@techiethomas) August 18, 2017Not sure if would have gotten the irony of it. Trump s not wise or deep, he s just along for the ride.  Marie (@SCMilitarybrat) August 18, 2017The FIRST letter of the FIRST word in each paragraph spells RESIST:Reproach Elevating Speaking Ignoring Supremacy Thank youSo cool!  ? https://t.co/aCwtX9kip1  Ricky Davila (@TheRickyDavila) August 18, 2017The President s Committee on the Arts and the Humanities was started under the Reagan administration in 1982.PCAH works directly with the three primary cultural agencies National Endowment for the Arts, National Endowment for the Humanities, and Institute of Museum and Library Services as well as other federal partners and the private sector, to address policy questions in the arts and humanities, to initiate and support key programs in those disciplines, and to recognize excellence in the field. Its core areas of focus are arts and humanities education and cultural exchange.It s also traditionally headed by the First Lady and this administration is no exception.Featured image via Matt Cardy/Getty Images",0
533," Even After Charlottesville, If You Hit Protesters With A Car, Republicans Want To Protect You","This year America has seen an interesting and terrifying new technique for dealing with protesters. Republicans, buoyed by their base s enthusiasm for physically harming people who inconvenience them, took a hard look at all of the things being protested across the country. They saw natives at Standing Rock, young African-Americans at Black Lives Matter rallies, and a pretty wide assortment at Donald Trump s inauguration, and they decided the best way to deal with it was to hit them with cars.That s not hyperbole. I guarantee you have had at least one argument on Facebook with a relative or old high school friend who sees pictures of protests and jokes about running over the people in the streets. The GOP decided to codify that behavior by writing laws that would reduce or remove penalties for drivers who do just that.Beginning with North Dakota, lawmakers in six states began to pen a series of proposals that all looked very similar to each other. House Bill 1203 would set the tone:Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a driver of a motor vehicle who unintentionally causes injury or death to an individual obstructing vehicular traffic on a public road, street, or highway, is not guilty of an offense.Similar laws cropped up in Florida, North Carolina, Rhode Island, Tennessee, and Texas. These heartless laws were part of a larger effort by Republicans to stifle dissent on a larger scale; a proposal in Oregon would have required schools to expel protesters even peripherally involved in a riot, while one in Ferguson, Missouri   the heartland of the Black Lives Matter movement   would have created an offense called  unlawful traffic interference  with which protesters could be charged if they stood in the path of any important white people on their way to do important white people things.It took until the murder of Heather Heyer for Fox Nation to take down a video posted in humor on their website entitled Here s A Reel Of Cars Plowing Through Protesters Trying To Block The Road. I guess this like what a conscience looks like on Fox?But even after the events of this last weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, those GOP legislators are still defending their bills. On Sunday, Texas Rep. Pat Fallon was wondering if  the far left  knew the difference between a street and a highway. He deleted his social media posts, but his proposal remains:A person operating a motor vehicle who injures another person with the motor vehicle is not liable for the injury if, at the time of the injury:(1) the person operating the motor vehicle was exercising due care; and (2)  the person injured was blocking traffic in a public right-of-way while participating in a protest or demonstration.Any wild guesses what it might take in Texas to prove you were  exercising due care  when you hit that troublesome agitator?Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
534," Bannon Allies: Breitbart Return Imminent, Gear Up For War On Trump’s ‘Democrat White House’","Prior to being on Donald Trump s campaign, and later his chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon ran Breitbart news. That particular internet news outlet is known for its promotion of racism, misogyny, anti-Semitism, and other various forms of overt bigotry. They have also always been huge Trump supporters. However, that may be changing now that Bannon is out as Trump s White House Chief Strategist.According to journalist Gabriel Sherman, Breitbart is about to unleash to the full force of far-right media on the Trump Administration. Bannon could be set to return to Breitbart, where he will wage a full-on war on Trump s quote,  Democrat White House. Source close to Bannon confirms Bannon expected to return to Breitbart after a WH exit  Gabriel Sherman (@gabrielsherman) August 18, 2017Bannon friend says Breitbart ramping up for war against Trump. ""It's now a Democrat White House,"" source says.  Gabriel Sherman (@gabrielsherman) August 18, 2017Now, with his racist, xenophobic, anti-immigrant, anti-LGBTQ views, Trump is far from being in line with the mainstream Democratic Party. The fact remains, though, that Trump himself was once a Democrat   and that is not ancient history. His own kids couldn t vote for him in the GOP primaries because they forgot to unregister as Democrats and re-register as Republicans. He has given money to top Democrats like Chuck Schumer and Hillary Clinton. Further, two of Trump s most trusted confidantes, Ivanka and Jared, are huge supporters of traditional Democratic causes, such as LGBTQ rights, climate change action, and women s right to choose.So, we can expect a shift to the left if Trump listens to his daughter and son-in-law with Bannon gone, and therefore we can expect ripe fruit for infighting between right-wing media and the Trump White House. It really does seem as if the GOP made a Faustian deal with their proverbial devil, and they are losing. That s terrible for Trump but great for America.Pop your popcorn folks, and keep watching. This is about to get VERY interesting. Let s just hope the republic survives it.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
535, Watch Arnold Schwarzenegger Take On Nazis And White Supremacists In Scathing New Video,"Arnold Schwarzenegger has a message for both Donald Trump and the racists he can t bring himself to convincingly denounce. In a new video, Schwarzenegger makes it clear that  there are not two sides to bigotry  and  there are not two sides to hate.  In no uncertain terms, the actor and former Governor of California said that there is no place in America for these hate groups or the Nazi flag.In no uncertain terms, the actor and former Governor of California said that there is no place in America for these hate groups or the Nazi flag. Speaking to the members of these white supremacist groups, Schwarzenegger said,  your heroes are losers. I knew the original Nazis, because you see, I was born in Austria in 1947, shortly after the second world war, Schwarzenegger says. I can tell you that these ghosts [hate groups] idolize spent the rest of their lives living in shame and right now, they re resting in hell,  he continues.Schwarzenegger then addressed Trump directly, telling him he has a  moral responsibility  to condemn these racist hate groups. He even offered to help Trump figure out just exactly what it is that he should say at a time like this. The world is watching. Now, let me help you write your speech a little bit,  Schwarzenegger says.  As President of the United States and as a Republican, I reject the support of white supremacists. The country that defeated Hitler s armies is no place for Nazi flags. The party of Lincoln won t stand with those who carry the battle flag of the failed Confederacy.' This isn t the first time Schwarzenegger has gone after Trump. In January, he slammed Trump over his Muslim ban during an interview with Mario Lopez and has spoken out against the Republicans  denial of climate change. He has never supported Trump and said that voting against Trump in the election was the first time he had voted against a Republican since moving to the United States.Watch Schwarzenegger take on Nazis, white supremacists, and Trump, here: Featured image via video screen capture",0
536, Even Robert E. Lee Didn’t Want Confederate Monuments To ‘Keep Open The Sores Of War’,"Almost three years ago, a history buff and biographer of Robert E. Lee, Jonathan Horn, wrote a book that provided a different perspective of the Confederate general. The book, titled The Man Who Would Not Be Washington, recalled a history of Lee that many casual readers don t know, and one that many fans like to whitewash. With all of Donald Trump s ridiculous comparisons between Lee and the father of our country, it s easy to overlook that the southern leader was the son of a man who d served Washington in the Revolutionary War like nearly no other.In fact, Lee s father,  Light Horse Harry,  gave the eulogy at George Washington s funeral:First in war, first in peace, and first in the hearts of his countrymen.In death, only the best things are remembered. There was no urban legend about Washington s  wooden teeth  while he was alive. He provided for the liberation of his own slaves in his will. His last words, after the valiant efforts of doctors to save him, were  Tis well.  Washington was a complex man, and his legacy would only unpack years after his passing.The same can be said of the eulogist s son. When the most famous Confederate looked at secession before the Civil War, he was disdainful:The framers of our Constitution never exhausted so much labour, wisdom and forbearance in its formation   if it was intended to be broken by every member of the Confederacy at will.Lee eventually resigned his commission in the Union Army. He joined his home state of Virginia in taking up arms in rebellion, and like many of the conservatives of today, he fudged on his history, insisting that he d always favored leaving the United States. But his complexity, unpacked after his death, is most compelling in looking at his view of remembrance.Robert E. Lee never wanted monuments or memorials to the Civil War.Some of the history of Lee s re-change of heart is well-known: Upon his surrender, he vowed to support the U.S. Constitution  henceforth,  and commanded his followers to do the same. But many wanted to honor Lee s service to the South with statues and memorials. Lee rebuffed them:As regards the erection of such a monument as is contemplated, my conviction is, that, however grateful it would be to the feelings of the South, the attempt, in the present condition of the country, would have the effect of retarding instead of accelerating its accomplishment, and of continuing if not adding to the difficulties under which the Southern people labor.Robert E. Lee understood then what many still do not get today: That the flags of wars past serve nothing but to fight those wars over again in our minds. He was adamant:I think it wiser moreover not to keep open the sores of war, but to follow the examples of those nations who endeavoured to obliterate the marks of civil strife and to commit to oblivion the feelings it engendered.Now, I personally am not a historian. But early America has always been a passion of mine   My great-great-great-great-great grandfather is buried in Calais, Vermont, his service in the Revolutionary War inscribed on his headstone. It should likewise at least serve as instruction for those who would fawn over its legends. Many symbols exist today commemorating the Confederacy, especially in Virginia, Lee s own state.But if you want to honor Robert E. Lee, honor the fact that he never wanted to see you waving a Confederate flag.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
537, REPORTS: Charlottesville Fallout Was The Final Nail In Bannon’s Coffin,"White House Chief Strategist Stephen K. Bannon has long been a controversial figure. Prior to joining Donald Trump s campaign, he was the head of Breitbart News, a racist website that Bannon said was the  platform for the alt-right.  The alt-right, is, of course, nothing more than a rebranded name for white supremacists. Ever since Trump made Bannon his Chief Strategist, there have been calls for his removal from the White House. Now, in the wake of Trump s disgraceful response to the violent and murderous gathering of white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virgnina, it is being reported that Bannon is finally being pushed out.Of course, Trump is a coward, though, so it will be public humiliation, like what was suffered by former Republican National Committee head turned White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, that will be the technique to get rid of Bannon. However, as is par for the course with this White House, Bannon aids and allies are saying that Bannon had already decided to leave Team Trump, and that it just hadn t been announced yet. From the New York Times:The president and senior White House officials were debating when and how to dismiss Mr. Bannon. The two administration officials cautioned that Mr. Trump is known to be averse to confrontation within his inner circle, and could decide to keep on Mr. Bannon for some time.As of Friday morning, the two men were still discussing Mr. Bannon s future, the officials said. A person close to Mr. Bannon insisted the parting of ways was his idea, and that he had submitted his resignation to the president on Aug. 7, to be announced at the start of this week, but it was delayed in the wake of the racial unrest in Charlottesville, Va.Methinks there s a lot of lying on both sides going on here. Trump has clearly been afraid of dismissing Bannon, for fear of the obvious ability of Bannon to turn all of the far-right media   and thus crucial parts of his base   against him, via the very influential far-right publications he holds such enormous sway over. On Bannon s part, he didn t want to go anywhere, because his stated goal has always been to, quote,  destroy the administrative state. Either way, it s a good thing that the head of the modern white supremacist movement will be reportedly leaving the White House. Now, we just have to get rid of the rest of the Nazis, and we ll really be in business.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
538, OkCupid Wins The Internet With PERFECT Response To The Charlottesville Neo-Nazi On Their Site (TWEETS),"While the President of the United States seems to be very, very confused about how racism, violence, and bigotry should be dealt with, many Americans are not. In response to the horrific white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, numerous politicians and companies have raised their voices and taken a stand against white supremacy in a way that Donald Trump has not. One of the best responses so far has come from online dating site OkCupid, who responded perfectly when it discovered that neo-Nazi Chris Cantwell was one of its members.Cantwell recently got his 15 minutes of fame when he was seen in a viral video crying about being arrested by police after the Charlottesville attack. Once OkCupid was alerted that Cantwell was a member on the dating website, the company worked quickly to show that white supremacist values would not be tolerated. In response,  white supremacist Chris Cantwell  has been banned from OkCupid   for life! This is the perfect response to a hateful imbecile who stated publicly in the viral video that neo-Nazis like himself were  not nonviolent  and we ll fucking kill these people if we have to.  OkCupid made an entirely appropriate move to not only protect its other members from dating a dangerously unstable psychopath like Cantwell, but to also show that these attitudes should not be tolerated in any degree.To add an extra sting to the end of Cantwell s dating life (especially after he looked so pathetic in that video), OkCupid followed up their banning announcement with this perfect tweet:Bravo. We certainly hope this will encourage more companies to handle intolerant individuals in the same way. When we can t count on our president to do what should be morally obvious, we must count on each other to uphold the true values of this country.Featured image is a screenshot",0
539," Chamber Of Commerce Exec Makes Trump Pay For Charlottesville, Urges Charities To Boycott Mar-a-Lago","Donald Trump s horrific defense of white supremacy after the Charlottesville, VA crisis is going to hurt him in ways he never thought it would. Not only has his already historically low approval rating taken yet another plunge (even amongst his own fan base), but people are lining up to attack Trump personally.One of those people is Laurel Baker, the executive director of the Palm Beach Chamber Of Commerce, who has decided to hit Trump where it will hurt most   his wallet. Knowing damn well that Trump doesn t actually have a heart or conscience, Baker knows that Trump would at least be sensitive to his business going down in flames. To get his point across, Baker is urging charities to boycott Trump s Mar-a-Lago club and stop holding events there.Baker stated that this move against Trump was motivated by Trump s disgusting, disappointing response to the violence in Charlottesville. Baker told The Palm Beach Post, If you have a conscience, you re really condoning bad behavior by continuing to be there. Many say it s the dollars (raised at the events) that count. Yes. But the integrity of any or organization rests on their sound decisions and stewardship. Personally, I do not feel that supporting him, directly or indirectly, speaks well of any organization. People are listening. Already, Trump s beloved club has suffered the cancellation of events that were scheduled by both the American Cancer Society and the Cleveland Clinic. The American Cancer Society stated: Our values and commitment to diversity are critical as we work to address the impact of cancer in every community. It has become increasingly clear that the challenge to those values is outweighing other business considerations. Trump s horrific hatred and bigotry is not only ruining his presidency, it is ruining his entire brand. At the end of Trump s disastrous presidency, he might not actually have a business to run anymore if he keeps going this route. Americans have long complained about Trump s presidency being intertwined in his conflicts of interests, but there might be a way we can make it work in our favor. Boycotting Trump s business is one of the greatest ways Americans can protest against Trump, as it s one of the only things Trump actually cares about.Featured image via Ian MacNicol  / Getty Images",0
540, Al Gore Has The PERFECT Piece Of Advice For Donald Trump,"Al Gore had hopes for Donald Trump at one time. He even met with him at Trump Tower, hoping he could influence the newly elected Trump to stay in the Paris Climate Accord. It failed, and Gore regrets the whole thing. I went to Trump Tower after the election,  said Gore, who was on Colbert s show to promote his new movie,  An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power.   I thought that there was a chance he would come to his senses. But I was wrong. Source: Huffington PostNot only has Gore lost all hope for Trump on his most passionate issue, climate change, he s lost all hope for Trump altogether, and as a former Vice President, he has one piece of advice for the dumpster fire of a presidency, end it.  Resign. The interviewer asked if there was  one piece of advice  for Trump, what would it be? He responded:  Resign. Source: Washington ExaminerThis piece of advice came before last weekend s violent fascist march in Charlottesville, VA and before Trump insisted on siding with the Nazis, the KKK and other assorted heavily armed white supremacists. It was before Gore s latest movie, the sequel to his original climate change documentary ( An Inconvenient Truth ), called  An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power,  which was released earlier in the month.A number of people and media outlets have been calling for Trump to resign.The Los Angeles Times said:If Trump won t resign, Congress should find a reason   any good reason   to impeach and remove himRolling Stone says,  Republicans Must Tell Trump to Go   Now.  Sadly, they aren t. While many have disavowed Trump s reaction to the Charlottesville violence and his support of the fascist fringe groups that make up a good portion of Trump s base, they are part of the Republican base as well, and Republicans need every vote they can get.Trump s biographer, Tony Schwartz, who was the real author of Trump s  The Art of the Deal,  has hope. He tweeted that trump will resign before the end of the year.The circle is closing at blinding speed. Trump is going to resign and declare victory before Mueller and congress leave him no choice.  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) August 16, 2017Let s hope he s right.Featured image via Neilson Barnard/Getty Images",0
541, Former Business Partner Predicts Prison For Trump Once He Tells Authorities What He Knows,"Donald Trump is going to jail, and his former business partner knows it.The investigation into Trump s Russia scandal is ongoing, but it is getting closer to nailing him for collusion and other crimes.Special Prosecutor Robert Mueller has convened a grand jury to hear evidence, and that includes a former Trump business partner who is preparing to go prison over what he has to say.But he won t be alone in his cell. Because what Felix Sater says could land Trump in the bunk right next to him.Sater worked with Trump on many of his shady business dealings, including selling real estate to the Russians, one property being involved in a money-laundering scheme.Mueller s investigation into Trump s financial dealings has apparently dug up some really juicy stuff that proves Trump is a criminal who should be behind bars instead of the Oval Office.Trump tipped off investigators by warning Mueller to stay away from his family s finances. And he tipped them off even further by admitting that he may have sold condos to Russians. I mean, it s possible there s a condo or something, so, you know, I sell a lot of condo units, and somebody from Russia buys a condo, who knows?  Trump said.Clearly, Trump has something to hide that he doesn t want federal investigators to see.During an interview with New York Magazine, Sater said that once he is done testifying and spilling his guts the media will have a lot to talk about. In about the next 30 to 35 days, I will be the most colorful character you have ever talked about,  Sater said.  Unfortunately, I can t talk about it now, before it happens. And believe me, it ain t anything as small as whether or not they re gonna call me to the Senate committee. And Sater also understands that what he has to say will probably send him to prison as well, which makes what he has to say all the more interesting because he is willing to go to jail in order to deliver damning testimony against Trump.According to Paul Wood of The Spectator, For several weeks there have been rumours that Sater is ready to rat again, agreeing to help Mueller.  He has told family and friends he knows he and POTUS are going to prison,  someone talking to Mueller s investigators informed me.The fact that Sater understands that what he says could put him in prison is significant. It means that he is willing to tell the truth about Trump even if it means losing his own freedom. Short of seeing Trump s tax returns, Sater may be the next best resource. If anybody knows the vile depths Trump has sunk to do business with the Russians, it s Sater.Trump has got to be panicking right now because it may not be long before he is arrested, prosecuted and locked away.If that happens, Trump would be the first president to be indicted and sentenced to jail. His disgracing of the office of the presidency would be complete and total. But at least justice would finally prevail and our nation can finally breathe a sigh of relief.Let s just hope that Mr. Sater is serious about doing the right thing.Featured image via Addicting Info Archive",0
542, GOP Implodes As Trump Launches Nasty Public Fight Against Top Republican (TWEETS),"Donald Trump is continuing to dig himself into an even deeper hole in regards to the horrific racist attack in Charlottesville, Virginia.After Trump has been blasted for his weak response by pretty much every politician   including Republicans   he s taking his critics on. At 6:19 this morning, Trump decided to go after one of the only Republicans who had the guts to call him out directly by name on Charlottesville   South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham.In a pair of tweets, Trump trashed Graham for holding him accountable and asking him to condemn white supremacy and neo-Nazis in a more powerful way. Of course, Trump s attack was nothing but petty, making sure that Graham and America remember that Trump beat him in the 2015-2016 presidential primaries. Trump wrote: Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis & white supremacists and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can t forget his election trouncing. The people of South Carolina will remember! Graham has been more critical than most Republicans when it comes to Trump s defense of racists and his neo-Nazi fan base. On Sunday, Graham trashed Trump on Fox News when he said: These groups seem to believe they have a friend in Donald Trump in the White House. I don t know why they believe that, but they don t see me as a friend in the Senate, and I would urge the president to dissuade these groups that he s their friend. Graham had also released a statement on Twitter in which he correctly accused Trump of  dividing America,  and his response to Trump s tweets this morning was just as good. Here s what Graham had to say to Trump s immature attack:Lindsey Graham, one of the Senators Trump ripped on Twitter this AM, responds to Trump pic.twitter.com/BbdlxS4LNR  Maggie Jordan: (@MaggieJordanACN) August 17, 2017Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
543, Republicans Not Willing To Defend Trump On-Air According To Fox’s Shep Smith,"In the wake of Donald Trump s unhinged and rambling press conference delivered from Trump Tower on Tuesday in which, among many gaffes, he claimed that the alt-left were just as accountable for the violence over the weekend in Charlottesville, VA., and then attempted to justify his statements by adding that there were  many fine people on both sides,  the Commander in Chief has found himself in a very lonely place.Trump is a man who expects unwavering support and loyalty, but according to a reporter for one of his closest allies, Shepard Smith of Fox News, that is something Trump is currently finding it tough to come by. Smith said on his show, Shepard Smith Reporting, that the network reached out in an effort to get a Republican on-air to defend the President s remarks, but failed to land a single one. Our booking team  and they re good  reached out to Republicans of all stripes across the country today,  Smith said.  Let s be honest, Republicans don t often really mind coming on Fox News Channel. We couldn t get anyone to come and defend him here because we thought, in balance, someone should do that,  he continued, but Smith didn t stop there. We worked very hard at it throughout the day, and we were unsuccessful. And of those who are condemning the president s condemnable actions, I ve not heard any prominent leaders, former presidents, members of the House or the Senate use his name while speaking in generalities,  he added.Since the President s press conference, one of very few he has given during his term in office, many Republicans have spoken out, not just condemning Trump s remarks, but racism and bigotry in general. House Speaker Paul Ryan took to Twitter to deliver the following message:We must be clear. White supremacy is repulsive. This bigotry is counter to all this country stands for. There can be no moral ambiguity.  Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) August 15, 2017On Wednesday, former Presidents George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush also issued a joint statement in which the pair said that the U.S. must reject hatred in all forms. If there is one time the current President needs to pay more attention to those around him, this is most definitely it.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
544," Ivanka’s Rabbi Breaks Ranks, Roundly Condemns Trump On Charlottesville","Donald Trump expects unwavering loyalty from everyone around him. That is likely why there has been radio silence from his daughter Ivanka, who is a Jewish convert, and his son-in-law Jared Kushner, who is a genetic Jew. Trump s grandchildren are Jewish as well, of course. However, that did not stop him from defending the white nationalists, neo-Nazis, Hitler sympathizers, and other assorted racists who marched with torches through the streets of Charlottesville, Virginia shouting racist and anti-Semitic slogans.Therefore, it should come as no surprise that the Rabbi who helped Ivanka convert to Judaism is not impressed. In fact, he seems to be quite outraged. Rabbi Emeritus Haskel Lookstein is beside himself with rage at Trump s response to the Charlottesville tragedy, and rightly so. He wrote a letter condemning Trump s remarks, saying: We are appalled by this resurgence of bigotry and antisemitism, and the renewed vigor of the neo-Nazis, KKK, and alt-right. While we avoid politics, we are deeply troubled by the moral equivalency and equivocation President Trump has offered in his response to this act of violence. Rabbi Lookstein released the letter publicly, and likely will be attacked by Trump. The divider-in-chief may have done the unthinkable with this one and divided his own family. Ivanka and Jared take their faith very seriously, and Ivanka has been a devout Jew since 2010 and is raising her children in a seriously observant Jewish home. They likely already have a hard time working in Trump s White House, which is chock full of open racists, neo-Nazis, and anti-Semites. Jared has family members who died in the Nazi Holocaust. There is simply NO WAY, he is happy with Trump s equating white supremacists with those fighting against that kind of hate.This is especially evident considering the fact that Ivanka immediately denounced the hate and called the groups perpetuating it out by name in ways her father has repeatedly refused to do.Ivanka and Jared, do you really want your Jewish children growing up in this environment? Loyalty to your Nazi father simply is not worth it. Take a stand and resign from his White House.Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
545, Watch This Nazi Cry Like A Little B*tch After Realizing He Might Be Arrested (VIDEO),"Christopher Cantwell, one of the Nazis featured in Vice s special about the Charlottesville Nazi riot that left a woman dead, is really really sad yo.Cantwell says he got into the  race stuff  because of Trayvon Martin, who he describes as a  black asshole who acted like a savage  and got himself in trouble. Martin, of course, committed no crime and was walking home from the store when he was stalked and murdered by right-wing activist George Zimmerman.He also describes the actions of his fellow Nazi who murdered a woman with a car as  more than justified  because she was an  animal. I m trying to make myself more capable of violence,  Cantwell explained during the interview   adding that this, not self-defense, is the reason he typically carries a pistol.After the rally, Cantwell learned he might be arrested and really turned into a little sniveling b*tch-boy. I called the Charlottesville Police Department,  Cantwell says through a veil of little Nazi b*tch tears in a YouTube video,  and I said,  I have been told that there s a warrant out for my arrest.  They said that they wouldn t confirm it but that I could find this out if I wanted to go a local magistrate or something. Our enemies just will not stop,  he cries.  We ve been f*cking assaulted, they re threatening us all over the place. Chelsea Manning this tranny fanatic has a picture of himself/herself curb-stomping Nazis with a picture of this boot coming down on somebody. We can t find where Manning posted this picture, but it sounds pretty awesome.He admits that he was  engaged in violence  at the Nazi rally, but blames it on the fact that he couldn t take his gun with him.No, seriously, that s what he says:I ve been engaged in violence, I have. There s no question about it and I ve done nothing to hide that and by the way, if the University of Virginia was not a gun-free zone and I had my pistol I would have stayed far away from that goddamn melee. When I do not have a weapon on me, I feel it necessary to stop threats before they get out of hand. Everybody and their f*cking mother wants to ruin my life,  he cries.Watch it below and try not to p*ss yourself laughing:You can view the Vice documentary here:Featured image via screengrab",0
546, The Republican Jewish Coalition Loves Trump So Much They FINALLY Condemned Nazis,"The Republican Jewish Coalition finally caught on to Donald Trump s extreme views after his latest remarks in defense of the Nazis marching in Charlottesville, Virginia in his name while shouting  Blood and soil  and  Jews will not replace us!  The former reality show star turned amateur president lashed out at the media during his press conference while blaming what he called the  Alt-Left  for the violence which besieged Charlottesville and rocked the nation. There were people in that rally, and I looked the night before,  Trump said.  If you look, they were people protesting very quietly the taking down of the statue of Robert E Lee. I m sure in that group there were some bad ones.  But, the night before, which he mentioned, was when the Nazis took Tiki torches and stormed down the street shouting Nazi-era slogans. Obviously, the Republican Jewish Coalition noticed that, too.First, they sent out a tweet to honor Heather Heyer, 32, the woman murdered by a Trump supporting Nazi, but this fell on deaf ears because they still support Trump.pic.twitter.com/yIMu9TyL5n  RJC (@RJC) August 16, 2017Then they released a statement to explain (and this shouldn t have to be explained) that  The Nazis, the KKK, and white supremacists are dangerous anti-Semites. There are no good Nazis and no good members of the Klan. But then the statement reads that  thankfully, in Modern America, the KKK and Nazis are small fringe groups that have never been welcome in the GOP.  Except those  fringe groups  helped to elevate Trump into power so maybe they haven t been paying attention. The name of the group responsible for the hate-rally is called  Unite the Right  so that s another clue.The statement calls on Trump to  provide greater moral clarity in rejecting racism, bigotry, and anti-Semitism.  The statement references Abraham Lincoln   who is spinning in his grave   as the founder of the Republican party.  We state unequivocally our rejection of these hate mongers   you can expect no less from the Republican Jewish Coalition,  the statement says.Statement by RJC National Chairman Senator Norm Coleman and RJC Executive Director Matt Brooks on behalf of the Republican Jewish Coalition pic.twitter.com/dbgLPxoyc8  RJC (@RJC) August 16, 2017A statement on their site reads:We mourn the loss of life at Charlottesville this weekend, and will continue to pray for all those impacted. Anti-Semitism and all forms of hate are anti-American, anti-Jewish, and antithetical to any sense of decency. We regret that we continue to be faced with these issues, but the RJC will never shy away from our role of standing up to racists, fascists, and Nazis.That s nice but if the coalition rejects hate then they should start with the leader of their party who defended Nazis that marched on American soil. We ll take the group seriously when they finally realize that Trump needs to be ejected from office. He s emboldening the worst in society. And as for Vice-President Pastor Pence, he said today that he supports his boss s language during the presser. That should tell them that the whole damned administration is complicit.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
547," Trump Doubles Down Via The Law, Moves To Protect White Supremacists From Law Enforcement","Donald Trump is a racist. We ve always known that. He has been repeatedly sued by the Department of Justice for refusing to rent apartments to black and brown tenets, and he ran an openly racist campaign in his bid for the White House, regularly retweeting and playing footsie with the Alt-Right, white supremacists, neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan members, and other various assorted bigots. Now that he is squatting in the Oval Office, this man is more dangerous than ever in this direction.We all watched his disgraceful and terrifying defense of neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and Klan members on Tuesday. Now, Trump is prepared to take his sympathy for Nazis and other white supremacists a step further and shield them from prosecution for their domestic terrorism. John Cohn, a former Homeland Security terrorism analyst, says of the situation: When you are a white supremacist and you hear the language coming out of the current administration, you sit back and you say,  Those people believe in what we believe in; they have my back.  That s what concerns law enforcement the most right now. This is especially concerning, considering that the Department of Justice is explicitly focusing not on homegrown white supremacists, according to Vice News, but on ISIS-like groups instead. In fact, the Trump Department of Justice is not concerned with white supremacists at all. Cohn goes on to say: As it relates to preventing mass-casualty attacks, we know what we need to do. This guy in Charlottesville [James Alex Fields Jr.] fits the behavior profile. His family had called the police before. Of course, James Alex Fields Jr. is the young neo-Nazi who rammed a car into a crowd of protesters, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer and wounding many others. He was known to idolize Adolf Hitler and was pretty much an out-front Nazi.The racist Trump Administration is literally endangering lives. This refusal to go after white supremacists, and indeed their open support of them, is beyond dangerous. It also means local law enforcement is on their own when dealing with this escalating threat because there will be no help to be had from the federal government. All of these fascists and racists need to be removed from office before more people die at the hands of Trump s Nazi followers.You can read the entire disturbing report here, at Vice News.Featured image via screen capture from Twitter",0
548, Donald Trump Tried To Manipulate Stock Market Against One American Company; It Worked For A Few Hours,"Donald Trump hates Jeff Bezos, the CEO of Amazon, the world s number one online retailer. Trump doesn t hate Bezos because he received a package late or even because (as he claims) Amazon is responsible for a lot of brick and mortar stores closing down. Trump hates Bezos because the Amazon boss also owns the Washington Post, a newspaper that has been relentlessly following the Trump/Russia story.On Wednesday, Trump lashed out at Bezos via Twitter, causing Amazon stocks to significantly dip, before rebounding.Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt   many jobs being lost!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 16, 2017This tantrum caused Amazon s stocks to lose 1.2 percent of their value before going back up and then back down a far more modest .4 percent.Don t let Trump s sudden concern for small businesses fool you. It s all about revenge for the Washington Post. In the past, Trump has wrongfully accused Amazon of not paying taxes, which is rich from the White House occupant who refuses to show his tax returns.Trump has also accused Bezos of using the Washington Post as a tax shelter, despite the fact that the Washington Post is completely separate from Amazon.This is far from the first time Trump has lashed out as companies whose CEOs have someone offended the thin-skinned dictator.He went after Lockheed Martin, whose stock quickly tumbled:Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 22, 2016On Monday, he attacked Merck Pharmaceutical because their CEO, Ken Frazier, dared resign from Trump s manufacturing council after Trump s offensive reactions to the racists who held a violent march in Charlottesville, VA.Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President s Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017While this might not be technically illegal, manipulating the stock market via the bully pulpit is highly unethical. It s coercion. It s anti-free market. Trump s Twitter account needs to be shut down. Now.The upside, though, is that when Trump tweeted complaining about Boeing before he took office, its stock took a major dive. By contrast, his recent tweets have had a much, much more modest effect. In other words, very few people are taking the Blusterer in Chief seriously.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
549," Top Republican Grows A Backbone After Charlottesville, Blames Trump For Dividing America (IMAGE)","Donald Trump s weak response to the racially motivated, white supremacist terrorist attack in Charlottesville, Virginia has been a sombering moment for America. While many Americans did not have any high hopes for Trump as POTUS, some at least thought he would be decent enough to condemn violence and bigotry, or at least not publicly defend racism. Unfortunately, we have been severely disappointed.Trump has failed so miserably to denounce hate that even several Republicans are disgusted by the lazy tweeter in chief. And while many of them are speaking up, most of them don t have the guts to call Trump directly out or make any sort of passionate statement on the matter. However, Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) is beyond done with Trump. In response to Trump s continued failure to respond appropriately to the Charlottesville crisis, Graham has issued a blistering statement calling Trump out by name and accurately accusing the disgraced president of dividing America.Here s Graham s statement, which we hope will inspire many more conservatives to openly criticize our modern-day Hitler:In his statement, Graham also brilliantly pointed out that Trump is basically welcoming neo-Nazis and KKK members with open arms by making comments that defend racists.Graham s statement was much needed, as much of the Republican Party has not stood up to Trump s inaction in a strong enough way. An innocent life was lost in Charlottesville, and Trump has defended the people who were responsible. That should make GOPers across the country ashamed of even being associated with Trump.Condemning racism and white supremacy should be a no-brainer. It is extremely odd that the Republican Party s leader   and many other conservatives   are having a hard time calling this out and taking the strong stance that Graham has. Now is not the time to be silent and stick to party lines.Featured image via Sean Gallup  / Getty Images",0
550, Clay Aiken Says He Was A ‘F*****g Dumbass’ For Thinking Trump Wasn’t Racist,"Former  American Idol  finalist and  Celebrity Apprentice  contestant Clay Aiken has never been a fan of Donald Trump the presidential candidate, but even he didn t think Trump was a fascist and a racist. That s all changed now, though.After Donald Trump, who is the supposed moral leader of the United States, refused to condemn white nationalists and Neo-nazis in an insane press conference on Tuesday, Aiken had enough.After saying a year ago,  I don t think he s a fascist. I don t think he s a racist,  Aiken had a change of heart.Remember all those times I defended @realDonaldTrump and believed he was not actually racist? Well  I am a f*****g dumbass. #imsorry  Clay Aiken (@clayaiken) August 15, 2017Aiken is a Democrat and he campaigned for Hillary Clinton. He knew Trump would be a horrible president, but as a person, he gave him the benefit of the doubt.Aiken, a Democrat who unsuccessfully ran for Congress in 2014, previously said he liked Trump even though they disagreed about politics. In 2015, Aiken told CNN that he considered Trump to be a friend, but said he s like  that uncle, who embarrasses the hell out of you sometimes and you still love them, but damn, you wish they d shut up. Source: Huffington PostTBC  I ve always thought he would be a dumpster fire as a president, and I was right about that. I just didn t think he was racist. #wrong https://t.co/6ec0Qm0WxW  Clay Aiken (@clayaiken) August 15, 2017Twitter being Twitter, those posts became divisive with Aiken being attacked from both the right and the left.pic.twitter.com/EgifVXoPMH  Sol (@soledadL_22) August 16, 2017Okay, Aiken might be late in realizing that Trump is racist, but he never supported him. If Aiken had called Trump racist in 2016, Trump would still be in office.Darling I m calm down, but we all knew what he was and some people still defended him. U apologizing is ok in my book, but changes nothing.  Sol (@soledadL_22) August 16, 2017Don t take it so hard I m not insulting you, I m just saying unfortunately, it s too late, and he is up there. Peace  Sol (@soledadL_22) August 16, 2017Clay, you re being stupid now. The real racists are in the Democrat Party. They support the abortion of black babies at a high rate  Tom Snyder, Ph.D. (@FilmDoctor) August 16, 2017While I m infuriated by ppl like you, Caitlin Jenner & Susan Sarandon for supporting this nut, I appreciate the admission. Now help Resist!  Gnomester210 (@noem210) August 16, 2017Yes, we are still waiting for those apologies. Aiken may have been naive, but at least he now admits it.Featured image via Jeffrey A. Camarati/Getty Images.",0
551, Former US Labor Secretary Has Dire Warning: Trump Is Trying To Start A Civil War,"To one former labor secretary, what Donald Trump is trying to do is clear as day: He s trying to start a civil war.Robert Reich, who served as labor secretary under President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 1997, says Trump s goal all along has been to spark another civil war here in the United States. In an op-ed on his website, Reich explained his stance further.Trump s goal has never been to promote guns or white supremacy or to fuel attacks on the press and the left. These may be means, but the goal has been to build and fortify his power. And keep him in power even if it s found that he colluded with Russia to get power.Trump and his consigliere Steve Bannon have been quietly encouraging a civil war between Trump s base of support   mostly white and worried   and everyone who s not.It s built on economic stresses and racial resentments. It s fueled by paranoia. And it s conveyed by Trump s winks and nods haters, and his deafening silence in the face of their violence.Reich then explained that there is another civil war currently raging within the White House  where Bannon and his prot g s are doing battle with leveler heads. Let s hope the leveler heads win the civil war in the White House. Let s pray the leveler heads in our society prevent the civil war Trump and Bannon want to instigate in America,  he concludes.Reich s article condemned Trump for failing to denounce the white supremacist ideologies that were responsible for the death of Heather Heyer, who was killed in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend when a Nazi plowed his car through a group of counter protesters. Since then, Trump has claimed that  many sides  are to blame, but as Reich explains, this is all just part of his plot to kick off another civil war. The thought is absolutely terrifying.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
552, Even Robert E. Lee’s Great-Great Grandson Wants Statues Torn Down,"While Donald Trump, a man who speaks in hyperbole and absolutes like  bad  and  sad,  is finding it difficult to condemn violent racists, the great-great grandson of Robert E. Lee, the Civil War general whose statue spurred the protest, spoke out against the hatred and said that the statues should be taken down.The violence in Charlotte, Virginia erupted over the weekend during a planned white supremacist protest over the fact the city s plans to remove the statue after the city council voted, saying that the monuments to the Civil War are,  painful reminders of the violence and injustice of slavery and other harms of white supremacy that are best removed from public spaces. There s no place for that,  Robert E. Lee V tells Newsweek, referring to the white supremacist protesters who carried torches and marched through Charlottesville on Friday.  There s no place for that hate. While he didn t mention Trump by name, the younger Lee said that even his great-great grandfather would have done a better job denouncing the Neo-nazis and white supremacists. We don t believe in that whatsoever,  Lee says. He is quick to defend his ancestor s name:  Our belief is that General Lee would not tolerate that sort of behavior either. His first thing to do after the Civil War was to bring the Union back together, so we could become a more unified country. We don t want people to think that they can hide behind Robert E. Lee s name and his life for these senseless acts of violence that occurred on Saturday,  Lee says.As for whether the statues should remain, Lee says yes, but in proper context. I think that is absolutely an option, to move it to a museum and put it in the proper historical context,  Lee says.  Times were very different then. We look at the institution of slavery, and it s absolutely horrendous. Back then, times were just extremely different. We understand that it s complicated in 2017, when you look back at that period of time  If you want to put statues of General Lee or other Confederate people in museums, that makes good sense. In other words, much like Holocaust memorials, memorials to the most divisive, cruel and violent time in American History should be educational and cautionary, not something to be worshiped.It s pretty clear that Lee is right about what his ancestor and namesake would have thought. It s well documented that even the original Robert E. Lee didn t want the Civil War memorialized. He wanted the nation to heal. I think it wiser,  the retired military leader wrote about a proposed Gettysburg memorial in 1869,  not to keep open the sores of war but to follow the examples of those nations who endeavored to obliterate the marks of civil strife, to commit to oblivion the feelings engendered. Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
553, Mitch McConnell Takes Aim At Trump For Praising Nazis,"Donald Trump is going to throw a Twitter tantrum because of this.During his bonkers press conference at Trump Tower on Tuesday, Trump once again blamed  both sides  for the violence and murder white nationalists committed in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend.Trump also claimed that many of the people at the  Unite The Right  rally are good people, villified the counter-protesters, and attacked the media.The press conference that made it absolutely clear that Trump supports the white nationalists and the acts of domestic terrorism they are committing.Trump s words have been condemned by Democrats and Republicans alike, as well as across the mainstream media.And they were so bad that even Senator Mitch  Make President Obama fail  McConnell was forced to make a strong statement condemning the true perpetrators of the violence that Trump so badly wants to blame on liberals. The white supremacist, KKK, and neo-Nazi groups who brought violence to Charlottesville are now planning a rally in Lexington, McConnell wrote.  Their messages of hate and bigotry are not welcome in Kentucky and should not be welcomed anywhere in America. We can have no tolerance for an ideology of racial hatred,  McConnell continued.  There are no good neo-Nazis. And those who espouse their views are not supporters of American ideals and freedom. We have a responsibility to stand against hate and violence, wherever it raises its ugly head. McConnell Statement on Hate Groups and Reports of Lexington Rally pic.twitter.com/lVejl2yVg4  Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) August 16, 2017Unfortunately, while McConnell s statement is much stronger than anything Trump has said, he still should have called Trump out by name.Trump s remarks are inexcusable and should be condemned in the strongest possible terms.  Both sides  are not to blame. The Nazis showed up in Charlottesville and began chanting Nazi slogans and racial slurs in a town that did not ask them to come there. And once they were confronted by protesters they violently attacked them and murdered a woman with a car. And now they believe that they are supported by Trump because he refuses to unconditionally condemn them.Trump is unfit to be president and he s a threat to our country. It s time for McConnell and Republicans to admit it and do something about it.Featured Image: Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
554," Obama Tweet Makes History, And Trump Will HATE The Reason Why","Donald Trump is a bumbling fool. A racist bumbling fool who s more afraid of alienating his racist base than anything. So when a national tragedy like Charlottesville occurs, his responses are insensitive at best, clumsy beyond belief, un-presidential, and oftentimes, just flat-out disgusting and wrong. When we most need a real president, we don t have one at least, not one that sits in the White House right now.But President Obama, despite having served his two terms and now living a civilian life, still manages to have the exact right thing to say. Sure, he no longer gets in front of the cameras and country and says it, but he does say it to his massive social media audiences, and he s oftentimes more popular than Trump. Like with his response to Charlottesville. Twitter told the BBC that the following tweet, from one President Barack Obama, is now the most liked tweet in history: No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion  pic.twitter.com/InZ58zkoAm  Barack Obama (@BarackObama) August 13, 2017He s quoting Nelson Mandela, and these words ring truer now than ever given the resurgence of white supremacy in the U.S. And the picture? That s from a 2011 visit to a daycare center in Bethesda, Maryland.Obama s got nearly 3 million likes and over 1 million retweets   far more than anything the tissue paper-skinned Trump has ever gotten. For someone who touts himself as the best there ever was at everything everywhere in the whole entire universe, this has to hurt. Trump s ego can t handle someone like Obama who he needs to be weak to be this strong, this popular, and this well-liked.Obama has class. Obama has wits. Obama has intelligence, and he s still got the ear of much of the country. The above tweet is the first in a series of three, and here are the other two: People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love  Barack Obama (@BarackObama) August 13, 2017 For love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite.    Nelson Mandela  Barack Obama (@BarackObama) August 13, 2017Featured image via Chip Somodevilla and Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
555, Republicans Are Lashing Out At Trump Over His Disgusting Press Conference: ‘Apologize’,"Donald Trump held a bizarre press conference Tuesday in which he defended the Alt-Right Nazis who stormed the streets of Charlottesville, Virginia while giving Nazi salutes. The hate-rally resulted in one of Trump s deplorables losing his sh*t when he decided to use his car as a weapon to mow down peaceful anti-racist protesters, resulting in the murder of Heather Hyer, 32, and injuring 19 others. The presser went so off the rails that David Duke took to Twitter to thank Trump for sticking up for white supremacists.Even Republicans are not giving Trump a pass after he blamed  both sides  for the appalling violence. We must be clear,  Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) wrote on Twitter.  White supremacy is repulsive. This bigotry is counter to all this country stands for. There can be no moral ambiguity. We must be clear. White supremacy is repulsive. This bigotry is counter to all this country stands for. There can be no moral ambiguity.  Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) August 15, 2017Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) went on a tweetstorm following Trump s remarks.The organizers of events which inspired & led to #charlottesvilleterroristattack are 100% to blame for a number of reasons. 1/6  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 15, 2017They are adherents of an evil ideology which argues certain people are inferior because of race, ethnicity or nation of origin. 2/6  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 15, 2017When entire movement built on anger & hatred towards people different than you,it justifies & ultimately leads to violence against them 3/6  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 15, 2017These groups today use SAME symbols & same arguments of #Nazi & #KKK, groups responsible for some of worst crimes against humanity ever 4/6  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 15, 2017Mr. President,you can't allow #WhiteSupremacists to share only part of blame.They support idea which cost nation & world so much pain 5/6  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 15, 2017The #WhiteSupremacy groups will see being assigned only 50% of blame as a win.We can not allow this old evil to be resurrected 6/6  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 15, 2017Rep. Will Hurd (R-Texas), who has a black father and white mother, said, I don t think anybody should be looking at getting props from a Grand Dragon of the KKK as any kind of sign of success. Apologize,  the Texas Republican said.  Racism, bigotry, anti-Semitism of any form is unacceptable. The problem here is that Trump never apologizes for anything.Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.), the No. 3 Republican in the House, took to Twitter to denounce white supremacy. I was clear about this bigotry & violence over the weekend and I ll repeat it today: We must defeat white supremacy and all forms of hatred,  he tweeted.I was clear about this bigotry & violence over the weekend and I'll repeat it today: We must defeat white supremacy and all forms of hatred. https://t.co/iOaVvE8txs  Rep. Steve Scalise (@SteveScalise) August 15, 2017 I don t understand what s so hard about this,  Rep. Steve Stivers (Ohio) tweeted.  White supremacists and Neo-Nazis are evil and shouldn t be defended. I don't understand what's so hard about this. White supremacists and Neo-Nazis are evil and shouldn't be defended.  Steve Stivers (@RepSteveStivers) August 15, 2017Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-Fla.) tweeted,  Blaming  both sides  for #Charlottesville?! No. Back to relativism when dealing with KKK, Nazi sympathizers, white supremacists? Just no. Blaming ""both sides"" for #Charlottesville?! No. Back to relativism when dealing with KKK, Nazi sympathizers, white supremacists? Just no.  Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (@RosLehtinen) August 15, 2017Trump s newest poll numbers show a declining approval number from his own base. The former reality show star s approval rating has sunk to its lowest level yet and that survey was taken from some respondents before he made his initial controversial remarks about the violence in Charlottesville.Republicans shouldn t be shocked over Trump s comments today, after all, he tried to delegitimize our country s first black President by claiming Barack Obama is really a scary Muslim from Kenya who usurped the White House.Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
556, Trump Justice Department Is Going After Anyone Who Even THOUGHT Of Protesting Trump,"While science doesn t quite have the technology to give Donald Trump the ability to read our minds, his justice department is doing the next worst thing. They are asking for IP addresses of every single person who visited a website that organized inaugural protests. There s a good chance they re after you and me.The website, which coordinated protests across the nation on Inauguration Day, is hosted by Dreamhost, and thankfully, they are fighting the warrant from Trump s justice department. The request from the [Justice Department] demands that DreamHost hand over 1.3 million visitor IP addresses   in addition to contact information, email content, and photos of thousands of people   in an effort to determine who simply visited the website,  DreamHost said in Monday s post [emphasis theirs].  That information could be used to identify any individuals who used this site to exercise and express political speech protected under the Constitution s First Amendment. That should be enough to set alarm bells off in anyone s mind. Source: BuzzfeedThat kind of data mining would have made Joseph McCarthy drool. It s clearly an attempt to gather evidence against Trump s opposition, even if that opposition is just regular citizens.It s not the first time they have tried going after protesters through internet history. 200 people were arrested during the January 20th protests and prosecutors have tried to go through Facebook to get information about those people Federal prosecutors have sought a range of electronic information related to the Jan. 20 arrests, including defendants  social media accounts. In a mostly sealed case that the Electronic Frontier Foundation and other digital rights groups believe is related to the Jan. 20 arrests, Facebook is fighting an order blocking the company from alerting users about search warrants for account information. That case is before the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, the city s highest local court.This is all a disgusting violation of privacy. Visiting a legal website is evidence of nothing, yet it s clear that Trump is gathering a list of people who disagree with him. What he will do with that list is still a mystery, but remember, it wouldn t surprise me if people on that list started seeing letters from the IRS or one of our law enforcement agencies.At the very least, this as an attempt to control dissent and perhaps make people afraid to organize online, which is by far the most effective way to organize. Just like his attempt to gather voter data from states is an attempt at making people afraid to register to vote.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images.",0
557," Trump Is FUMING Over Bad Charlottesville Press, Becomes A Terror In The White House (TWEET)","Once again, Donald Trump is having a completely disappointing, inappropriate reaction to the racially motivated violence that happened in Charlottesville, Virginia last weekend.Apparently, instead of being outraged about the murder of one counter protester and the injuries of several others, Trump is all bent out of shape because he has gotten a lot of negative press coverage for his weak, pathetic response to the incident. According to White House officials, Trump is coming apart at the seams over this, as Robert Costa reported: Person close to Kelly framed it to me this way: POTUS fuming at press, coverage of C ville handling. In no mood for talk about moderation. Seriously, what did Trump expect to happen after he ignored America s pleas to denounce the violence for two whole days, before issuing a scripted, half-ass statement on Monday? Not even the white supremacists Trump targeted in his response believed that he was actually denouncing racism.If Trump wanted positive press coverage, he should have actually done his job and condemned the white supremacist values and bigotry from the start. Speaking up against racism and the violence that broke out of that white nationalist rally was possibly the easiest task a President could ask for, and Trump failed miserably at executing that. Instead, Trump protected and defended the racist attackers, making his approval rating only plummet further and giving the media even more things to criticize.Trump can blame the media all he wants, but it is his own lack of competency that is responsible for his failure as president. He never does the right thing, even when it is blatantly obvious what actions he should be taking. What happened in Charlottesville was an opportunity for Trump to emerge as a different president than most Americans expect him to be, and he completely blew it. There is something very wrong when a leader cares more about his press coverage than the lives of his constituents.Featured image via Branden Camp  / Getty Images",0
558, KKK Grand Wizard David Duke THANKS Trump For Championing White Supremacy At Unhinged Presser,"Donald Trump wants us to believe that he is not a sympathizer of neo-Nazis, the Ku Klux Klan, white nationalists, white supremacists and other assorted bigots. However, his statements on the white supremacist violence in Charlottesville, Virginia prove otherwise. On Saturday, he blamed, quote,  many sides  for the violence, and equated counter protesters with the white supremacists. While he gave a scripted statement on Monday from a teleprompter condemning those groups on Monday by name, on Tuesday, there was a total reversal of those remarks.At a completely unhinged press conference, Trump blamed the so-called  Alt-Left  for the violence as well, even though any thinking person knows that there is no comparison or equivalency here between the Nazi filth and the people protesting against their hate. That matter not, though, as the white supremacists got Trump s message loud and clear. Former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke promptly tweeted, thanking Trump for the so-called  truth  of these crazy remarks:Thank you President Trump for your honesty & courage to tell the truth about #Charlottesville & condemn the leftist terrorists in BLM/Antifa https://t.co/tTESdV4LP0  David Duke (@DrDavidDuke) August 15, 2017Of course there will be massive backlash over this, and of course Trump will double down. Let s be clear here: Donald Trump is a racist and a white supremacist sympathizer. Further, the Republican Party is the party of white nationalists under Trump s leadership. They will never confront that truth, but it is fact. At this point, there is no arguing what they are.Trump is not a president for all Americans. He is the president for white nationalists. Their goals are his goals, and any principled Republican (do they even EXIST anymore?) will leave the party of this.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
559, He Finally Came Out And Said It: Trump Calls Protesters As Bad As Nazis,"Speaking at Trump Tower on Tuesday, Donald Trump finally confirmed in his own words that he believes protesters are as much to blame for the violence in Charlottesville last weekend. Asked by a reporter why he didn t name the Alt-Right in his condemnation of the murder of Heather Heyer at the hands of an Alt-Right activist, he defied the reporter to  define the alt-right for me,  repeating himself like the bully he is. As the reporter, who is not visible in this clip, tried to answer, Trump began to speak over her:Okay, what about the alt-left? Excuse me, what about the alt-left that came charging at the   as you say   the alt-right? Do they have any semblance of guilt? Let me ask you this. What about the fact they came charging, they came charging with clubs in their hands, swinging clubs? Do they have any problem? I think they do. As far as I m concerned, that was a horrible, horrible day. Wait a minute, I m not finished. I m not finished, Fake News.As reporters tried to get a word in edgewise, Trump clearly had to compose himself for the camera, obviously flustered. Then he told reporters in attendance that he had watched it  much more closely than you people watched it,  and:You had a group on one side that was bad, and you had a group on the other side that was also very violent. And nobody wants to say that, but I ll say it right now. You had a group on the other side that came charging in without a permit and they were very, very violent.After barely recovering from his disastrous  many sides  statement on Saturday, Trump just proved the disgusting, hateful Alt-Right correct again. He refuses to condemn them because they are his base. They work by his side. They are his people.Trump asks about ""alt-left"": ""You had a group on one side that was bad, and you had a group on the other side that was also very violent"" pic.twitter.com/Zr8oG4FVIR  This Week (@ThisWeekABC) August 15, 2017Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
560," Trump Lashes Out At CEOs, Suggests He’ll Replace Them With Ones Who Support His Racism","Donald Trump attacked the CEOs who are leaving his Manufacturing Council over his failure to condemn Nazis.In the days since his weak reaction to the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia in which he blamed both sides, three CEOs of major companies did the right thing by calling Trump out and stepping down from the council.Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier was the first to leave the council, drawing an attack from Trump. What made this particular situation worse is that Frazier is black and Trump attacked him just after refusing to condemn white nationalists.Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank was the next to resign, followed by Intel CEO Brian Krzanich.Of course, Trump feels personally insulted because he thinks anyone who works for him or with him should show him complete loyalty, even it that means supporting his racism and hate.And so, Trump accused the three CEOs of  grandstanding  and suggested he will replace them with CEOs who will be blindly loyal.For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 15, 2017Trump s accusation of grandstanding was immediately trashed by Twitter users, who noted that Trump wrote the book on it.You are the grandstander, Mr. President. Bragging about your performance instead of condemning white nationalist terrorism.  Adam Best (@adamcbest) August 15, 2017Who will be the replacements? David Duke and his buddies?  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) August 15, 2017Read: I know CEOs who are fine with white supremacy to step in!  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) August 15, 2017Are you serious? You are the king of grandstanders! You are the mother of all grandstanders! #MOAG You wrote the Manual!  Bishop Talbert Swan (@TalbertSwan) August 15, 2017 I don t care that the popular kids left my birthday party! I have more popular friends! You don t know them! They re from another school!  Jon Bershad (@JonBershad) August 15, 2017why does every tweet sound like its written by a 10yo https://t.co/iR9NouFEe1  Bryson Masse (@Bryson_M) August 15, 2017Trump has been rage tweeting about these CEOs, but has not shown similar anger toward the white nationalists who murdered a woman in Charlottesville. That s truly pathetic and that s why every CEO who is still on Trump s Manufacturing Council should step down as well.Featured Image: Sean Rayford/Getty Images",0
561," Trump Goes ‘Home’ To Trump Tower After Racism Condemnation, IMMEDIATELY Retweets Alt-Right Leader","It sure didn t take long for Donald Trump to clear up any confusion about exactly who he was referring to when he made his weak statement against racism on Monday. Trump finished his golf vacation, despite the murder of a young woman by an alt-right activist in Charlottesville on Saturday. The statement he issued that day caused many to wonder just who he was referring to when he referenced violence  on many sides.  Then, after serious pressure from not just the public, but even Congressional Republicans, he issued another statement Monday afternoon: Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to all that we hold dear as Americans. Glaringly absent from Trump s condemnation was one major contributor to the racist movement in America. Perhaps two, if you see it as two different groups: White nationalists and the alt-right. Largely, the alt-right describes themselves with the term  nationalists,  so for the sake of this article, it s just them.Richard Spencer, a leading member of the alt-right, made headlines himself Monday by declaring that he knew Trump wasn t talking about  them.  Also, Andrew Anglin, the founder of the internet s pre-eminent Nazi website, The Daily Stormer, knew on Saturday that Trump wouldn t be criticizing white nationalists: People saying he cucked are shills and kikes. He did the opposite of cuck. He refused to even mention anything to do with us. When reporters were screaming at him about White Nationalism he just walked out of the room. When Trump got back  home  to Trump Tower Monday night, it took him no time at all to prove them right. First, he made a big show of how much he loves the White House (after being caught calling it a dump), then his very first retweet   his most common type of tweet   was from another prominent alt-right leader, Jack Posobiec.Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it  and the U.S. is really my home!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 15, 2017Meanwhile: 39 shootings in Chicago this weekend, 9 deaths. No national media outrage. Why is that? https://t.co/9Crutnnrp8  Jack Posobiec ?? (@JackPosobiec) August 14, 2017Posobiec isn t only known for his promulgation of Sean Hannity s insane Seth Rich/DNC conspiracy theories; he was also the brainchild behind the alt-right s effort to smear Trump resisters with a  Rape Melania  sign at a protest, held up by someone hired by Posobiec to pose as an anti-Trump protester.Way to go, Donald. We know whose side you re on now. After all, with one member of the alt-right writing your speeches and another in your ear as chief strategist, how could you possibly have been talking about them?Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
562, Protesters Welcome Trump Home To His Golden Tower With The Best #RESISTANCE Display Yet (IMAGE),"Donald Trump has not been having a good weekend. He was blasted by Congressional members on both sides of the aisle due to his failure to immediately condemn white supremacists, the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis, and other hate groups who caused murderous riots in Charlottesville, Virginia. He was finally forced to do so days later, but many are still saying it is too little too late. Therefore, it comes as no surprise that Trump wanted to go to the place he feels most comfortable: Trump Tower in New York City.Now, it s no secret that New Yorkers hate Trump. Therefore, one would think that he wouldn t want to go there. But, alas, go there he did. As was to be expected, protesters awaited him. Their display this time was so over the top that Trump has to be fuming. The #RESISTANCE folks in New York City really outdid themselves this time, by presenting Trump with a large likeness of himself as a rat. Here is an image of what they did:This is absolute gold, and is sure to get under Trump s very, very thin skin. We might be stuck with the orange fascist for now, but that won t stop #RESISTANCE minded patriots from heckling him whenever we can.Keep it up, New York City #RESISTANCE! Make Trump squirm on his own turf.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
563," Fox Host Goes Rogue, Shreds Trump’s ‘Cowardly And Dangerous’ Charlottesville Remarks (VIDEO)","It s a bad day for Donald Trump when even the most conservative, racist media networks are calling him out for his failure to denounce the white supremacists responsible for the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.On Monday, Fox host Eboni Williams went on Fox News Specialists and ripped Trump a new one for his disappointing, weak response to the Charlottesville tragedy. While many conservatives have stated that Trump s first pathetic response on Saturday was more than enough, many have gone after Trump and called for him to publicly denounce white supremacy in a follow-up statement. Williams said: Mr. President, your initial remarks were cowardly and dangerous, and they indeed warranted a second statement. Williams  attack on Trump got even more bold when she bashed his  Make America Great Again  slogan, stating that people have been confused about the inclusiveness of Trump s message. Williams said that she will no longer give Trump  the benefit of the doubt  when it comes to Trump excluding other races. I was legitimately unsure, but absent more conclusive evidence, I was willing to give you the benefit of the doubt. I can no longer do that, Mr. President. No more benefit, all doubt. Williams also called Trump out for his statement in which he  very intentionally chose to be ambiguous and to equivocate : President Trump, I do not know your heart. But what I do know for sure is that you ve clearly done the math, and you ve decided that your portion of the base that is absolutely racist is so significant, so valuable that you hesitate, even in the face of blatant, flagrant hatred to risk turning them off and thereby crippling your political stronghold. While you personally might not be a racist, President Trump, what you are is all too happy to reap the benefits of their support. Williams warned Trump that  this moment is on you , making sure that Trump knew he missed a major opportunity to prove his critics wrong. Instead, he only solidified everyone s belief that he s a racist piece of sh*t. You can watch Williams trash Trump below:Featured image via Mario Tama  / Getty Images",0
564, Trump Crushed As Ex-KKK Leader Bashes Him For Finally Calling Out White Supremacy In Charlottesville (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is in big trouble. Not only has his popularity been historically low, but his pathetic response to the recent tragedy in Charlottesville, Virginia has made him more hated than ever.It took Trump two full days to call out white supremacy and neo-Nazis as being responsible for the horrific  Unite the Right  rally and riot in Charlottesville   and now that he has, Trump is in yet another predicament. Solidifying the fact that Trump can t win no matter what he does, Trump is now in trouble with the few people who still support him   America s most racist alt-right.While Republicans have been abandoning Trump left and right, his most loyal supporters have been clinging on   until now. After Trump called out white supremacists on Monday, former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke denounced Trump and bashed him for criticizing racists and the KKK.Duke went on Twitter to shred Trump for giving in to the  fake news  media and holding racists responsible for the violence that occurred at the rally. Duke must have felt quite betrayed and pissed off by Trump, because then he went over to Periscope to continue bashing Trump, calling the POTUS  statement  just ridiculous  and claiming that white nationalists aren t violent. He begged Trump to stop targeting white supremacists: President Trump, please, for God s sake, don t feel like you need to say these things. It s not going to do you any good. This temper tantrum follows Duke s post on Saturday, in reaction to Trump s weak statement on Charlottesville. Duke warned Trump to remember that he should be thanking his racist fanbase in a chilling tweet:Now that Trump has finally taken a half-ass stance against white supremacy, we can only expect that his fanbase is going to be almost nonexistent in the near future.Featured image via screenshot and Scott Olson / Getty Images",0
565, CNN Reporter Just Asked Trump The One Question We’ve All Wanted To Hear (VIDEO),"CNN s Jim Acosta is not especially well-liked by the White House. He tells it like it is in harsh, blunt terms, and of course, they don t like that. The growing feud continued today when Trump gave a supposed press conference after a full weekend of promising a big press conference. But at a true press conference, reporters are able to ask questions. Donald Trump wouldn t allow questions at this  press conference.  Acosta wanted to ask him about his responses to Charlottesville, because Trump s initial response to it was weak and pathetic, and one in which he wouldn t condemn the Nazis and other white supremacists, and puffed himself up rather than saying something heartfelt and inspirational like a real president would have.Getting no answer to that, Acosta asked him about the lack of a proper presser. Trump said that they d just had one. Apparently, in Trumpland, an egotistical speech that barely touches on anything and doesn t allow for questions from reporters qualifies as a press conference simply because the press is there. Trump s reply to Acosta? It doesn t bother me at all, but I like real news, not fake news. You re fake news. It s absolutely amazing that Trump calls anyone  fake news  when he s essentially the liar of liars who s spread more than his fair share of fake news. Acosta knows this, and threw a question at Trump that we ve all wanted to hear in response to the latest  fake news  accusation. Watch below:CNN s @Acosta to Trump: Can we ask you more questions? Trump:  I like real news, not fake news. You re fake news.  https://t.co/m4KiTC6lrK  CNN (@CNN) August 14, 2017Trump went into full toddler mode and took his ball and went home without another word.It s all part of a pattern with him   if it s good, he claims credit for it and hypes it up, even if he couldn t possibly have had anything to do with it. If it s bad, it s  fake news,   fake polls,  etc., and it s high time someone confronted him about it.Sometimes, it seems as if Acosta is the only one willing to do so. But our illegitimate president doesn t like looking bad, let alone doing the right thing.Featured image via video screen capture",0
566, Right-Wing Extremist Tries To Repeat Oklahoma City Bombing As Nazis Terrorize Charlottesville,"It s official. Right-wing extremists have declared war on America.Rather than attend the Nazi rally in Charlottesville, Virginia with his fellow  Three Percenters  over the weekend, Jerry Drake Varnell decided to attempt a second Oklahoma City Bombing instead.Emulating right-wing terrorist Timothy McVeigh, Varnell wanted to detonate a car bomb near the memorial honoring the 168 people who were murdered in 1995 when McVeigh detonated a similar bomb outside the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, a blast that even killed many children.Luckily, Varnell was being monitored by the FBI at the time and even had an undercover agent with Varnell to guarantee that the bombing plot would fail. There was never a concern that our community s safety or security was at risk during this investigation,  FBI Special Agent Kathryn Peterson said in a statement.  I can assure the public, without hesitation, that we had Varnell s actions monitored every step of the way. Varnell was arrested while trying to detonate the unarmed bomb next to the BancFirst in Oklahoma City. He intended to post an anti-government manifesto on social media afterward if he had succeeded.And it appears that Varnell is connected to a group of right-wing extremists who are currently participating in the Nazi rally in Charlottesville, Virginia that resulted in acts of violence and the murder of a woman in an act of domestic terrorism.The Washington Post reports:According to the complaint, over the course of a months-long undercover investigation by the FBI, Varnell made repeated statements about the extent of his hatred of the federal government.In one conversation he said he believed in the  Three Percenter  ideology   a form of anti-government activism that pledges resistance against the United States government on the belief it has infringed on the Constitution, according to court papers. Those who subscribe to the ideology incorrectly believe that only 3 percent of the colonial population participated in the American Revolution, and they see themselves as their heirs.Donald Trump s refusal to condemn Nazis and the rest of the right-wing extremists in Charlottesville has emboldened them. If the FBI had not already been monitoring Varnell, his bomb would have exploded and killed Americans. One wonders how many more domestic terrorism plots are underway because white nationalists think Trump is on their side.Featured image via Brittanica",0
567, Republicans Actually Think White People Face More Oppression – Seriously (DETAILS),"There are a lot of polls out there, a lot of research, and it s hard to discern what s real from the signal-to-noise ratio. That s why, as a general rule, I prefer to read studies, polls, academic papers   the things meant to educate me   from people who aren t getting paid to produce them. Not that a paycheck is bad, mind you. It just creates a motive for a certain outcome that usually aligns with the checkbook holder s opinion. The Public Religion Research Institute (PRRI) is a non-profit whose focus I suppose you can probably guess.The newest paper from PRRI comes on the heels of Trump s directive to the DOJ to begin investigating universities for discriminating against white people. Like all Republicans, Trump believes that Affirmative Action, by leveling the playing field, actually tilts it in favor of people of color.That s asinine, but I guarantee that you   whoever you are, reading this  you know someone who thinks the same thing.In fact, that was the focus of PRRI s latest research. This graph shows responses from different demographics to queries on just who, exactly, is discriminated against in America.There are some interesting takeaways here: First, of course, is that Democrats are likeliest to see discrimination where it demonstrably exists. To be a partisan at least requires one to be versed in the aims of the party they favor, and Democrats aim to reduce discrimination. But even more fascinating to me are the averages, over in the  All Americans  section of the graph. This reflected the opinions of both partisan groups and those who identified as neither, combined.The fact that any respondents indicated they thought there even was discrimination against whites is hilarious to me. I personally think they re confusing  you didn t get that job  with  you kinda felt uncomfortable on the subway the other night,  but I don t really have science on my side with that informal study. But Christians? Are you kidding me? You don t even have to be a member to get their holidays off work! That kind of response makes Republicans even more heartbreakingly stupid than I thought.In literally every case, the group of Democratic respondents is closer to the views of All Americans than the group of Republicans. All of them. Look back at the graph and do the addition or subtraction. In every case, Republicans were less likely to see discrimination where it does exist and more likely to see it where it does not.Me, looking for an image for this article. (screenshot)Explains a lot, doesn t it?Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
568, Even Foreign Leaders Are Responding To Charlottesville Better Than Trump Did,"After a night of white supremacist marches in Charlottesville, Va, one of the Nazis drove his car through a crowd of counter-protesters, killing one woman and injuring 19 others. In the wake of this tragedy, foreign leaders are giving better responses than our own president.Not wanting to alienate his racist base of supporters, Donald Trump responded by weakly condemning the  many sides  responsible for this senseless act of violence. On Monday, a spokesman for German Chancellor Angela Merkel showed Trump how he should have responded.According to Merkel spokesman Steffen Seibert, the German chancellor was shocked by the deadly white supremacist marches that took place in Virginia over the weekend and described the events as  evil  and  disgusting. The scenes at the right-wing extremist march were absolutely repulsive   naked racism, anti-Semitism and hate in their most evil form were on display,  Siebert said. Such images and chants are disgusting wherever they may be and they are diametrically opposed to the political goals of the chancellor and the entire German government,  he added.White supremacists descended on Charlottesville Friday night to protest the removal of a Confederate statue. They carried tiki torches and chanted  we will not be replaced  while giving Nazi salutes. On Saturday, one of the white supremacists who had attended the rally drove his car through a crowd of counter-protesters, leaving one woman dead and 19 others injured.Of course, Trump can t denounce this type of bullsh*t because these are the same people who voted him into the White House. It s a damn shame that he can t disavow Nazis but we really shouldn t be surprised. This is the same man who couldn t denounce David Duke. Trump has courted white supremacists from the very beginning of his campaign and now he has empowered them to take to the streets with their racism and hate.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
569, Trump Lashes Out At Black CEO For Resigning From Manufacturing Council After Charlottesville Murder,"Donald Trump s stunning neglect to disavow the Nazis who stormed through the streets of Charlottesville, Virginia in his name while shouting Nazi Germany era slogans prompted an African-American CEO of a major pharmaceutical company to resign. Kenneth C. Frazier announced his resignation from Trump s American Manufacturing Council. Our country s strength stems from its diversity and the contributions made by men and women of different faiths, races, sexual orientations and political beliefs,  Frazier wrote. America s leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal,  the CEO continued.pic.twitter.com/a1PNQZism5  Merck (@Merck) August 14, 2017Frazier said his resignation was a  matter of personal conscience  and he felt a  responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism. Trump remarks in which he blamed  many sides  for the attack in which a Nazi murdered 32-year-old Heather Heyer, and injured 19 others caused a backlash.Trump responded by lashing out at Frazier on Twitter, writing,  Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President s Manufacturing Council, he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017That didn t go down well on Twitter.His vague ""Violence on MANY sides"" WAS seen by them as approval.(From #NeoNazi paper The Daily Stormer)#RealNews ? https://t.co/nWj67BHMmP pic.twitter.com/6pRpR0YR37  Alexander Hamilton (@AHamiltonSpirit) August 14, 2017Trump has surrounded himself with the Alt-Right.We are NOT exaggerating. His Deputy Asst .@SebGorka. is LITERALLY a NAZICheck out his cool Nazi threads from Hungary#FireGorka #FireBannon pic.twitter.com/CR4ed9YTTy  Alexander Hamilton (@AHamiltonSpirit) August 14, 2017Trump did not disavow his Nazi supporters, but he did attack this guy.Trump had no harsh words for nazis and klansmen over the weekend, but he just rage tweeted this African American CEO  _( )_/  pic.twitter.com/QBUp1eseIf  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) August 14, 2017Trump would rather attack a principled black man who was formerly on his own team than condemn white supremacy.  Adam Best (@adamcbest) August 14, 2017Trump cannot disavow Nazis because they elevated him to the White House.Way to go, Mr. Big Pharma guy. Wait, did I just type that out loud? It s remarkable that someone who is with Big Pharma has more principles that our so-called president. That speaks volumes. Anything Trump says now about the Charlottesville attack is moot since it s been days since the young lady was murdered and he just CAN T find it in himself to call out the group responsible   because they are his people. Trump was supported by white supremacist groups accross the board during his campaign.Photo by Ron Sachs   Pool/Getty Images.",0
570, Fox News Asks This Man For Pictures Of New York Solidarity March – His Response Is PRICELESS,"Today, there were hundreds of marches showing solidarity with Charlottesville, Virginia, where anti-racist protesters were mowed down by a white nationalist. As is usual for these marches, people take pictures and post them to social media, and some inevitably find themselves being asked for permission to use the photos in news stories. One man, Keegan Stephan, tweeted a series of great pictures from New York City, and Fox News promptly contacted him for permission to use them across all their networks.This initially happened via direct message, but Stephan was kind enough to post the brief exchange to Twitter. Stephan is an organizer and a student representative for the American Bar Association s civil rights division, and his reply to Fox News  request is simply perfect:For the record. pic.twitter.com/yJ5e5Zmefa  Keegan Stephan (@KeeganNYC) August 13, 2017There are no other words for that than  perfect.  This is someone who truly knows what he stands for, and will not be complicit in the part Fox plays in emboldening these hate groups. Fox News gives air time to people like Judge Jeanine Pirro, Sean Hannity, and Tucker Carlson, who all push Trump s racist and nationalist ideals and who seem to think that conservative whites just have it so hard here now. To allow them to use photos you took while marching against all of these things makes you complicit.It s worse when you consider the fact that Fox News supports a man who fancies himself the greatest person ever to live, but who can t say the word  terrorism  if the terrorists are white. Al Jazeera English actually counted how much he talks about terrorism when the terrorists are not white:.@realDonaldTrump tweets a lot about  terrorism , but not when the attackers are white. We looked at the data. pic.twitter.com/2VNcMCYFf2  Al Jazeera English (@AJEnglish) August 14, 2017So Stephan will not participate, and Fox News can get its photos from elsewhere. You, however, can see his awesome photos from New York City s Union Square march here.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images and Twitter",0
571, Obama Just Made A Surprise Appearance At A Rap Show And Twitter Can’t Handle It,"While Donald Trump and his brownshirts are busy destroying the country, President Obama is committing his time and energy to making the country a better place.On Saturday, the former President made a surprise video appearance at a Chance the Rapper show in Chicago where he did his usual thing and delivered a positive message.Obama thanked the performer for serving as the grand marshal of Chicago s annual Bud Billiken parade (the largest and oldest African-American parade in the country) and thanked him for helping provide school supplies to Chicago s students. The Hill notes that:Chance the Rapper s charity, SocialWorks, and Brooklyn-based backpack company STATE bags reportedly donated 30,000 backpacks filled with school supplies to Chicago students at the parade, the news outlet reported, adding that the rapper also handed out free tickets to his concert. He previously donated more than $1 million to the Chicago Public Schools foundation.Chance the Rapper in a recent interview said his platform and voice are  bigger  than President Trump s. I have a bigger voice than Donald Trump, you know what I m saying? Than literally anybody that works in politics,  he said. We want to make sure our kids are safe, we want to make sure that they are ready to go back to school. We want to make sure that we are nurturing and protecting and encouraging and loving the next generation of leaders all throughout the city of Chicago,  Obama says in a video posted to Twitter by Black Owned Chicago.  So Chance, I m grateful for everything that you ve done on behalf of the young people back home. President @BarackObama had some words of encouragement for @chancetherapper tonight at his #BBBash concert. #BlackOwnedChicago pic.twitter.com/aebsFgk4Pd  Black Owned Chicago (@blackownedchi) August 13, 2017This has many Americans nostalgic for when they had a President they could respect:.@nastywomanatlaw You seein this shit?! Why wasn't I there?  Jared Rogers Martin (@Jaredrog) August 13, 2017 pic.twitter.com/ckvwYyMIKS  Michael ? (@maxmc785) August 14, 2017It made me so proud to watch this video of President @BarackObama we need him back in the White House.  Tiamat (@EvaTiamatMedusa) August 13, 2017COME BACK OBAMA!! We need you now more than ever!!  Ritchie K. Blackmore (@Ritchie_1966) August 13, 2017OBAMA, THIS NATION REALLY NEEDS,YOU MORE THAN EVER BEFORE  Vero/Roni/Vee (@prettywings24) August 13, 2017Unfortunately, President Obama can t come back no matter how much the country wants him to   but we can get rid of Donald Trump, who is currently destroying education, safety net programs, and the world s sense that Americans have any sense of decency.Featured image via screenshot",0
572," Charlottesville Vice-Mayor Responds To Trump’s Silence On White Supremacy, This Is BRUTAL (VIDEO)","As more time passes after the violent riots related to the white nationalist rally that took place yesterday in Charlottesville, Virginia, Americans become more and more disappointed by Donald Trump and his failure to denounce white supremacy.One very noteworthy criticism of the racist Commander in Chief comes from none other than the Vice-Mayor of Charlottesville, who blasted Trump in an interview with CNN s Wolf Blitzer today. Vice-Mayor Wes Bellamy stated that his community has come together in solidarity to fight against the white supremacists and neo-Nazis who were responsible for riots that resulted in the death of a counter-protester. And while Trump has continued to pretend he has no connection or responsibility for the riots, Bellamy directly called him out and held him accountable.In the interview, Bellamy stated that if white supremacists under the guidance of their president, number 45  returned to Charlottesville, the community wouldn t hesitate to drive them back out. He said: They can continue to come, but our community will not break. The people here of Charlottesville, white people, black people, yellow people, old people, young people, we re a community that rallies around together. This is a community that I saw pick me up on my darkest and deepest moments to encourage me   and they ve done the same for other people. We re a resilient group. Bellamy then spoke directly to Trump, pointing out that he has the responsibility to condemn white supremacists, which he still has not yet done. Bellamy said: So 45, we re looking for your leadership. Condemn that white supremacist attacks. Condemn these domestic terrorists. Tell them to leave. You re their leader. Stand up. It was the perfect message to send Trump, and he will look even worse if he ignores Bellamy and fails to respond. Hopefully, Trump will start acting like a leader and speak out against these attacks.You can watch Bellamy shred Trump below:Featured image via screenshots",0
573, Tortured Snowflake Ivanka Trump Just Blocked A CONGRESSMAN On Twitter,"Apparently, Donald Trump s precious little girl is sick of mean old Congressman Ted Lieu saying mean things about her daddy.Yes, she may be a senior White House official, but Ivanka doesn t think Congress has a right to see her tweets   well, she doesn t think Congressman Ted Lieu does, anyway.On Sunday, Lieu tweeted a screenshot showing that Ivanka had blocked him. Hey look, a senior White House official is afraid of tweets from a Congressman. Ivanka blocked me,  he wrote.  Also, why is she in the White House? Hey look, a senior White House official is afraid of tweets from a Congressman. Ivanka blocked me. Also, why is she in the White House? pic.twitter.com/hTaagBF7MM  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) August 13, 2017It s unclear when Ivanka blocked him, but a federal judge recently ruled that it s unconstitutional for public officials like most of the Trump family to block American citizens. Lieu posted the screenshot shortly after he called Trump a  coward  for refusing to condemn the Nazis who showed up in Charlottesville, so it s probably related to that:Having reflected, I have now concluded the #Charlottesville speech by @realDonaldTrump shows he is a coward. Hope he finds some courage soon  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) August 13, 2017Ivanka Trump, like pretty much everyone in the Trump family save Barron, is an absolute coward unworthy of any position that involves leadership   especially in government.Ivanka Trump know what everyone else knows   her father s time in the White House is coming to a close and has ruined any chance for anyone with the last name  Trump  to find respect from another human being for the rest of their lives.Featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla)/screengrab",0
574," Trudeau Does What Trump Can’t, Calls Out White Supremacy In America (TWEET)","It s no secret that Donald Trump courts white supremacists. He repeatedly retweeted white supremacists during his travesty of a presidential campaign, he has refused to directly disavow people like Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke, and he has refused to call out white supremacists when he is willing to attack countless other people, groups, and organizations. Therefore, it should be no surprise that he refuses to call out white supremacist violence in the wake of the horrific deaths and violence that has happened in Charlottesville, Virginia due to the gathering of white supremacists.Now, all of that being said, this is a time for leadership. Since Trump is not willing to provide that leadership, there is a man who will: Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. In Trump s stead, Trudeau tweeted:We know Canada isn't immune to racist violence & hate. We condemn it in all its forms & send support to the victims in Charlottesville.  Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) August 13, 2017While Canada may not be immune, it is not lost on us that Canada has a president that is inclusive and works toward equality daily. On the other side of that, we have a so-called  president  who refuses to acknowledge why this violence happened and who is responsible. The difference could not be more stark.There is one reason for this: Donald Trump is a racist. We have known this for years. This didn t start with Trump s bid for the White House. He has filled his administration with white supremacists, and nobody has said anything. Trudeau is right to do what he is doing. If Trump won t lead, other world leaders must take up the mantle and do so.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
575, Nazi Website Praises Trump’s Pathetic Response To Charlottesville Violence,"This is proof that Donald Trump has only emboldened white nationalists.In the aftermath of the attack that killed a counter-protester in Charlottesville, Virginia, Trump reacted by refusing to directly condemn white nationalists, instead blaming both sides as if the woman who died got herself murdered by domestic terrorists. We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides   on many sides,  Trump said.Clearly, Trump was unwilling to anger his most ardent supporters, and they praised him for it.Neo-Nazi publication The Daily Stormer was very pleased with Trump s remarks, especially the part where he basically gave them permission to keep terrorizing the nation. He didn t attack us,  wrote site founder Andrew Anglin, according to the Huffington Post. He just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. He said that we need to study why people are so angry, and implied that there was hate   on both sides! So he implied the antifa [anti-fascists] are haters. There was virtually no counter-signaling of us at all. He said he loves us all. Also refused to answer a question about White Nationalists supporting him. No condemnation at all. When asked to condemn, he just walked out of the room. Really, really good. God bless him. In short, white nationalists believe that Trump s non-condemnation means that he stands with them.And that s a serious threat to the safety of every citizen in this nation.White nationalists now believe they can do whatever they want and that they have Trump s approval.This is why Donald Trump must condemn white nationalists. But even if he did so now, it s too little, too late.The vile racists and Nazis who comprise the Alt-Right movement will simply ignore it and insist that Trump s true feelings about their group were already stated in his initial reaction.So, Trump may have just made the most dangerous blunder of his presidency. He just gave white nationalists a green light to continue spewing hate and being violent in their push to make America racist again.That was made even more clear by KKK Grand Wizard David Duke. We are determined to take our country back,  Duke said.  We are going to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump. That s what we believed in, that s why we voted for Donald Trump. Because he said he s going to take our country back. That s what we gotta do. It s time for this generation of Americans to renew the fight against Nazis and white nationalists. American troops did not sacrifice their lives fighting in Europe during World War II so that Nazis could take power in our own country. They would be horrified by Trump s coddling of this hateful anti-American movement and they would be ashamed that the American people aren t doing more to put an end to it once and for all.Featured Image: Andrea Morales/Getty Images",0
576, Hillary Puts Trump To Shame With Powerful Response To White Supremacist Riots (TWEETS),"After a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia ended in violence, Americans have been looking to Donald Trump to denounce the violence and condemn white supremacy. Unfortunately, the response of the disgraced President of the United States has been nothing but disappointing as he refuses to stand up against the dangerous beliefs that made this rally possible. Trump s weak response was simply: We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one! America doesn t need to be told that it elected the wrong person. Most of Americans didn t even vote for this racist imbecile. The majority of the country voted for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, and most of us still believe that she should be in the White House. If it had been her in the Oval Office, this rally may not have even happened   and her response to this emergency solidifies the fact that she should have been POTUS.In reaction to the horrifying violence and racist rally, Clinton publicly condemned white supremacy and expressed empathy for those affected by the hateful environment Trump and his supporters have created. Clinton tweeted: My heart is in Charlottesville today, and with everyone made to feel unsafe in their country. Like a true leader, Clinton called for unity against the violence and bigotry. Clinton continued: But the incitement of hatred that got us here is as real and condemnable as the white supremacists in our streets. Every minute we allow this to persist through tacit encouragement or inaction is a disgrace & corrosive to our values. Now is the time for leaders to be strong in their words & deliberate in their actions. Once again, Clinton surfaces as the leader that America truly needed. Unfortunately, we re stuck with a racist toddler.Featured image Chip Somodevilla and Justin Sullivan  / Getty Images",0
577," Ivanka Finally Breaks With Daddy, Strongly Denounces White Supremacists (TWEETS)","When Donald Trump was elected, many hoped that his daughter Ivanka and her husband, Jared Kushner, would be a moderating influence when it came to tamping down on a far-right agenda. However, those of us who held out that hope were disappointed time and time again. Trump hired white supremacists to work in the West Wing of the White House in the form of open white nationalist Stephen K. Bannon as his Chief Strategist, anti-immigrant extremist Stephen Miller as his speech writer and immigration policy adviser, and neo-Nazi Sebastian Gorka as a Senior Adviser. Trump also promptly attacked the LGBTQ community   a group of people Ivanka has been openly supportive of. Therefore, it was concluded that Ivanka and Jared could not reign in Trump s worst instincts.Ivanka has been totally silent when it comes to her father s bigotry, and has even defended him when it comes to people calling him out for being a misogynist. However, it seems that the white supremacist violence that resulted in several deaths in Charlottesville, Virginia this weekend was too much for her. While Trump himself gave a tepid response from prepared remarks regarding this tragedy that was a direct result of open bigotry, Ivanka took to Twitter to denounce the hate and to call out neo-Nazis and white supremacists. She tweeted:1:2 There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis.  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) August 13, 20172:2 We must all come together as Americans   and be one country UNITED. #Charlottesville  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) August 13, 2017Make no mistake   Ivanka will NOT call her father out for not strongly condemning this. She has to know he s a racist. After all, she s his daughter, and she watched the kind of campaign he ran just like the rest of us. But, credit must be given where credit is due. It is likely not easy to break with one s father in a family that operates the way the Trumps do. So, in this instance, way to go Ivanka. Maybe your father will take a cue from you and speak out in a more direct and appropriate way. I won t hold my breath on that one, though.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
578, Trump Suspects Bannon Is The White House Leaker. But Who Leaked THAT?,"According to a new report Saturday from Axios, a source very close to Donald Trump has indicated that Trump believes his chief strategist Steve Bannon is to blame for leaks coming out of the White House regarding other members of Trump s staff. It would be easy to say at this point that Bannon s position at Trump s right hand is in jeopardy, but the fact that Trump is simply talking about it instead of firing him already may indicate otherwise.This could be an elaborate test to see if the news that Trump suspects Bannon makes it out of the White House, which of course it has   meaning whoever the president told about his suspicions is, if not the leaker, at least also a leaker. Or it could be that Bannon is innocent, and the Axios source is the leaker, trying to throw everyone off the trail. Most likely, however, is that Donald Trump is a loose-lipped dipshit who doesn t care who his audience is, he just wants to look like he knows what he s doing. Even having a suspicion means he s thinking about it, right?Bannon has not commented on the news, nor is he likely to. The notorious white supremacist has more to worry about right now with his movement than whether or not he keeps his job at the White House. After Saturday s vehicular murder of one protester and grievous injury to 3 dozen others following Friday s torchlight rally of the alt-Right and KKK, more attention will surely be paid to nationalist hate groups across the country, regardless of what Trump or Bannon wants.The odds of Trump finally getting rid of the Breitbart impresario of intolerance are much higher now that his new Chief of Staff, General John Kelly, has already set a precedent with the firing of Anthony Scaramucci.Then again, it could be that Bannon knows where all the bodies are buried, so to speak, and Trump can t risk getting rid of him whether he trusts him or not. All I know is, both Donald Trump and Steve Bannon are unhappy, and that makes me smile.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
579, President Obama Says What Trump Cannot Say Following Murder In Charlottesville,"35 people have been treated for injuries and others have been pronounced dead, including two police officers, following the fascist protesters who besieged Charlottesville, Virginia while spewing racist and anti-gay rhetoric. The Trump supporters became violent, with one of them mowing down a 32-year-old woman who was crossing the street during one of the most jaw-dropping episodes of racism in decades. Donald Trump offered tweets, then finally a video clip to express his thoughts over the murder, but it was lacking in compassion. Trump cannot say the words: this was right-wing terrorism by his own supporters.Former President Barack Obama offered a few tweets to express his feelings in the aftermath of the event which took Charlottesville by storm.Obama, who hasn t tweeted in several weeks, used Nelson Mandella s words to respond to the violence the world witnessed today. No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion  Trump s predecessor tweeted.""No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion "" pic.twitter.com/InZ58zkoAm  Barack Obama (@BarackObama) August 13, 2017 People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love  he continued.""People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love ""  Barack Obama (@BarackObama) August 13, 2017 For love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite.    Nelson Mandela,  Obama added."" For love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite.""   Nelson Mandela  Barack Obama (@BarackObama) August 13, 2017Joe Biden weighed in, too, tweeting,  There is only one side. #charlottesville. There is only one side. #charlottesville  Joe Biden (@JoeBiden) August 12, 2017James Alex Fields Jr., a Trump supporter from Ohio,  was identified as the driver who mowed down the 32-year old woman. There is blood on the streets with  fire and fury  in Trump s supporters  eyes as they took their feigned victimization out on innocent people. What happened today was a domestic terrorist attack by right wingers, using Donald Trump s name to intimidate others, and to kill innocent people. Why can t Trump say the words  white supremacists ? It s because he was endorsed by every racist group across the board.Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
580, Marco Rubio Calls Out Trump For His Refusal To Acknowledge The Heinous White Supremacist Violence,"Donald Trump ran an openly white supremacist campaign during his travesty of a run for the presidency. Now that he is in the White House, this has continued. He has literal white supremacists working in the White House in the form of Chief Strategist Stephen K. Bannon, Senior Adviser Sebastian Gorka, and speechwriter and immigration policy maker Stephen Miller.With Trump s election, white supremacists across the nation have been emboldened. Prior to his inauguration, white supremacist Trump supporters held a gathering celebrating Trump s victory in the Reagan Building in Washington, in which people could be seen giving Nazi salutes, and in which the leader of the gathering, Richard Spencer, shouted  HEIL TRUMP!  Trump denounced these happenings in tepid terms, and only under intense public pressure. Therefore, it should come as no surprise that he has not acknowledged that the reason that 35 people have been injured and one person is dead in Charlottesville, Virginia due to violence at a white nationalist rally is, well, the work and fault of hateful white supremacists. However, there is condemnation coming from a rather surprising source: GOP Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL).During the GOP primary, Rubio was sharply critical of Trump. He called Trump a  con artist,  and  erratic.  Nonetheless, once Trump clinched the nomination, Rubio dropped the criticism and lined up dutifully behind the man he knew was an unfit bigot and helped get him elected. Now, however, it seems Trump has gone too far in his refusal to acknowledge the rise in white supremacy in the Trump era. Rubio tweeted:Very important for the nation to hear @potus describe events in #Charlottesville for what they are, a terror attack by #whitesupremacists  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 12, 2017Rubio also roundly denounced the white supremacists themselves:Nothing patriotic about #Nazis,the #KKK or #WhiteSupremacists It's the direct opposite of what #America seeks to be. #Charlotesville  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 12, 2017These haters in #Charlotesville are agitators in search of relevance & publicity for a vile cause very few people support 1/2  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 12, 2017Can't ignore them,but also don't give them relevance they crave.Only way they win is if they can turn the rest of us against each other 2/2  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 12, 2017I never thought I d agree with Marco Rubio on anything in a million years, but I do. Donald Trump has mainstreamed bigotry the likes of which America has not seen in public in this violent of a manner since the Civil Rights Movement, and he is refusing to own it. Then again, narcissists never own their own wrongdoing, so no surprise there.If the GOP wants to tamp down on this nonsense, they need to call out Trump, and kick the racists out of their party. That starts with the band of white supremacists currently squatting in the White House. In fact, it starts with the man-baby bigot  president  himself. Kick them out. PROVE to us you aren t flaming racists, GOP. Until you expel Trump and his disgustingly bigoted ideology, you will forever be known as t he party of white supremacists, and rightly so.Featured image via Chet Strange/Getty Images",0
581, Just In: One Dead After Trump-Loving Nazi Uses Car To Mow Down Dozens Of People,"The mayor of Charlottesville, Virginia confirmed that one person died after a Trump supporting Nazi used his car to deliberately plow into a group of peaceful anti-racist protesters on Saturday. I am heartbroken that a life has been lost here. I urge all people of good will go home,  Mayor Mike Signer tweeted.I am heartbroken that a life has been lost here. I urge all people of good will go home.  Mike Signer (@MikeSigner) August 12, 2017 Conservatives have advocated for running over protesters for quite a while now. We ve all seen the memes circulating on social media.Hard right has been openly fantasizing about running over protesters for some time now, and elected Republicans have deliberately stoked it. pic.twitter.com/BC1CjJ5Onu  Carl Beijer (@CarlBeijer) August 12, 2017Spend any amount of time on right-wing sites and you'll see these memes *everywhere*. pic.twitter.com/kmAe11SuZD  Carl Beijer (@CarlBeijer) August 12, 2017Mission accomplished because a life was taken today by a Trump supporting fascist.Video footage quickly circulated on the Internet showing the car plowing through a group of protesters after police broke up clashes between white nationalist demonstrators and counter-protesters.Watch:pic.twitter.com/dOU9iKCEOa  Protest SPb (@ProtestSPb) August 12, 2017In response, before the death was reported, Donald Trump offered a weak statement on Twitter. We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!  Trump tweeted about his own supporters  violent protest.We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2017Trump went on to write,  Charlottesville sad! Am in Bedminster for meetings & press conference on V.A. & all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2017Washington Post reporter Joe Heim wrote before the death was announced,  Virginia State Police spokesperson say injuries in crash range from life threatening to minor. Did not say how many injuries. Virginia State Police spokesperson say injuries in crash range from life threatening to minor. Did not say how many injuries. 1/  Joe Heim (@JoeHeim) August 12, 20171 dead, 19 injured from the car collision. https://t.co/9zwe2x4500  Joe Heim (@JoeHeim) August 12, 2017Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency shortly after violence erupted in Charlottesville with Trump-loving Nazis besieging the city while carrying torches. The Governor added,  I am disgusted by the hatred, bigotry and violence these protesters have brought to our state over the past 24 hours. The  Alt-Right  racists poured into the city to protest the removal of Confederate Robert E. Lee s statue and in doing that, they left blood from innocent people in the streets.  This is straight up terrorism. The whole world is watching as Trump supporters violently besiege a college town.Image via screen capture.",0
582, Trump Is Now Talking About Going To War With Three Countries,"Before dawn on Wednesday, the feds raided the home of former Donald Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort. Trump, as intelligence expert Malcolm Nance says, is getting buggy. The investigation is getting closer and closer to him, and his poll numbers are in a free-fall, so from the safety of 17 day golf vacation in New Jersey, Trump is threatening war against not one, not two, but three countries.Most of the media has been covering his exchange of provocative nuclear threats with North Korean Dictator Kim Jong Un. If that s not terrifying enough, Trump also hinted that he s planning to attack Iran because, well, they may or may not be abiding by the nuclear deal. All indications are that they are, but that doesn t stop a commander-in-chief who desperately, so desperately, needs a way to wag the dog.On Friday, Trump announced that there might be a third war on the table. This one against Venezuela. We have many options for Venezuela, including a possible military option, if necessary,  Trump told reporters at his New Jersey golf club on Friday.The president did not answer a question about whether American troops would lead a potential operation. We don t talk about it. But a military operation, a military option, is certainly something we could pursue,  he responded.Source: CNBCTo be fair, Venezuela isn t exactly our friend. Two years ago, President Obama issued sanctions against the oil-rich country, in part over its human rights abuses.The White House said the order targeted people whose actions undermined democratic processes or institutions, had committed acts of violence or abuse of human rights, were involved in prohibiting or penalizing freedom of expression, or were government officials involved in public corruption. Venezuelan officials past and present who violate the human rights of Venezuelan citizens and engage in acts of public corruption will not be welcome here, and we now have the tools to block their assets and their use of U.S. financial systems,  White House spokesman Josh Earnest said in a statement. We are deeply concerned by the Venezuelan government s efforts to escalate intimidation of its political opponents,  he added.Source: ReutersTrump, whose only political tactic is to try to intimidate his political opponents, also complained about the human rights abuses, despite having no problems with the human rights abuses of Saudi Arabia, Russia and the Philippines.One fact, and only one fact, might indicate that Trump is just bluster. Trump s cozy relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin might actually be keeping us safer, at least as far as the idea of Trump waging war against Venezuela or North Korea. Venezuela is a strong trading partner of Russia. Putin also backs North Korea, as does our largest trading partner, China.This whole show could be just Trump trying to boost his poll numbers, or it could be his way of pretending to create distance between him and Putin, but regardless, the talk is reckless and potentially deadly. The people he s threatening don t see his talk as political posturing. They are taking it very seriously and even if Trump doesn t pull the trigger first, they certainly could.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
583," Trump Goes Mental On Threats To North Korea, This Is His Most Dangerous One Yet (VIDEO)","Donald Trump has now taken his threats to North Korea off Twitter and is making them to the public. Quite frankly, the situation is getting more terrifying as the days go on.After tweeting this morning that U.S. military solutions were  locked and loaded,  Trump made some very disturbing comments when speaking to reporters this afternoon at his New Jersey golf course, where he is enjoying a 17-day vacation.When a reporter asked Trump about his ominous tweet, Trump stated that he meant exactly what he said and that his words are very, very easy to understand.  Trump also said that the Trump administration would be  very, very successful  in acting swiftly on North Korea, right before directly attacking North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. Trump said: And if he utters one threat in the form of an overt threat, which, by the way, he has been uttering for years, and his family has been uttering for years, or if he does anything with respect to Guam or any place else that s an American territory or an American ally, he will truly regret it, and he will regret it fast. This all began when Trump threatened North Korea with  fire and fury  on Tuesday, and now we re here. Trump is leading America down a dangerous road, and he barely understands the consequences that will follow. He carelessly speaks through his insecurities and fragile ego and shows no concern for how irresponsible his comments actually are. Trump is more concerned with looking like a tough leader (and like a dictator) than he is with improving the country and keeping peaceful working relations with the rest of the world. If this is the kind of disaster we are looking at just a few months into Trump s presidency, the world will be in shambles if he lasts four years.You can watch this disturbing Trump footage below:Featured image via Drew Angerer /Getty Images",0
584, Trump’s DC Hotel Raised Price And Made Millions In Months Off His Presidency,"Donald Trump s conflicts of interest were of massive concern for many Americans, and rightfully so. There is absolutely no doubt that Trump has been trying to profit off of his presidency   and now there s proof.This year, Trump s company turned $1.97 million in profit at Trump International Hotel, which is far higher than expectations. The Trump Organization actually predicted it would lose $2.1 million in the first four months of Trump s presidency, but the business is instead boasting a 192 percent improvement over what the Trump family projected when the hotel was opened in the fall.At the center of these profits are members of Trump s own Cabinet, who have either stayed or lived at the hotel. The hotel is also frequently visited by Trump s inner circle and Republican leaders, who are willing to spend big money and food and beverages at the hotel s bar and restaurant. Currently, the hotel is charging guests an average of $652.98 a night, which is 57 percent higher than the company s expectations. This makes the hotel the most expensive in the city   many others such as Four Seasons and Willard are only charging $495 per night.It s no wonder that several ethics experts and Democrats have objected to this arrangement. Rep. Peter A. DeFazio (D-Ore.) called the government s lease a  highly unethical arrangement.  He said: What makes all of this particularly galling is that we now have the unprecedented situation where the President of the United States is both the landlord and tenant of a federal building. Trump has made absolutely no effort to address ethical concerns about his businesses, even though he had originally promised to do so when he won the election.Trump continues to be involved in his businesses and continues to profit off of them. Already, he has been sued by government watchdog groups and state attorneys general over these business practices. However, his behavior clearly shows that he doesn t care. Trump has only been in office for a few months, and he s already spent 65 days at his properties and continues to host dinners that look more like promotions than anything else. What Trump is doing is beyond unethical, and it must be stopped.Featured image via Tom Pennington/Getty Images",0
585, Trump’s Rhetoric Just Resulted In A Trillion Dollar Economic Loss Worldwide,"If Donald Trump wants to take credit for something he actually did to the economy, now would be the time.Earlier this week, Trump threatened war against North Korea, resulting in a war of words with Kim Jong-Un and escalated threats that culminated in a Friday morning tweet from Trump.Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely. Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 11, 2017The rhetorical march towards what could end up being a real nuclear war wrecked havoc on global markets, including Wall Street, as stocks plunged. In all, the economic loss added up to $1 trillion, the effects of which will likely hit households in America and around the world hard.According to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch,With the tense mood pushing European shares down for a third day and Wall Street set to fall again, global stocks were on course for their worst week since Donald Trump won November s U.S. presidential election. We do just not know what happens next with the North Korea situation,  said BNY Mellon FX strategist Neil Mellor. For quite some time the market hasn t really reacted to things on the Korean Peninsula because we know from the past it is largely North Korean saber-rattling, and it may yet be. But with the rhetoric having gone to a different level, the market just can t afford to take that risk. Many world stock markets have hit record or multi-year highs in recent weeks, leaving them vulnerable to a sell-off, and the tensions over North Korea have proved the trigger.Indeed, Asia Pacific shares just suffered their biggest one-day loss since December. South Korea s KOSPI dropped by nearly a full two percent.In addition,  Australian shares were down 1.3 percent, set for a weekly loss of 0.6 percent and Chinese and Hong Kong bluechips lost 1.6 percent and 1.9 percent respectively. What has changed this time is that the scary threats and war of words between the U.S. and North Korea have intensified to the point that markets can t ignore it,  said Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy at AMP Capital in Sydney, reports the Post-Dispatch.The Dow Jones has also been falling since Tuesday, the same day Trump threatened North Korea with  fire and fury.  As of Friday, the Dow has shed 300 points.Trump often brags about the stock market even though the record growth began under President Obama. Donald Trump has not enacted a single economic policy since taking office. The stock market had continued setting records thanks to President Obama s handling of the economy and steady leadership. Trump was merely taking credit for Obama s achievement.But now the stock market is falling in America and around the world because of Trump s war rhetoric, which means this trillion dollar loss is all his fault. There is no blaming President Obama for this economic slide. Trump owns this. And more rhetoric or an attack on North Korea will just make things worse.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
586, This Old Tweet From Trump Reveals The REAL Reason He’s Trying To Start A War,"Donald Trump is not the negotiator he would like everyone to believe he is but he is accomplished in the art of deflection. But, for every instance of trying to deflect on an issue, such as his Russia scandal, there is an old tweet to confirm what the former reality show star is really up to. Trump is very sensitive about his dismal poll numbers and his unpopularity has affected him so much that in the past he s tried to claim that he won the popular vote. Trump is 200 days into his  presidency  and he s losing the support of his own base and his social media use isn t helping him. In January, 73 percent of Republicans strongly approved of Trump, but now it s down 59 percent, according to the latest poll. Trump is also losing the support of white Americans without a college degree.So, what s an amateur president going to do about it? He ll start a nuclear war on Twitter, of course.In late 2015, Trump tweeted,  Polls are starting to look really bad for Obama. Looks like he ll have to start a war or major conflict to win. Don t put it past him! Polls are starting to look really bad for Obama. Looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win. Don't put it past him!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 17, 2012Twitter users took notice of his old tweet.These tweets age so nicely. Like a fine scotch.  Opinion Junkie (@brass_monkey_1) August 11, 2017Everything Trump accuses someone else of doing, he is actually the perpetrator. pic.twitter.com/p1DRZPdSmO  MyDelayedRxn2Life (@BrainBriefs) August 11, 2017Fixed!Updated for 2017 #NostroTrumpus   pic.twitter.com/maMpP7ikd1  305 Pirate  ?  (@305Pirate) August 11, 2017There's a hypocritical tweet for every one of @potus commentaries.  Patriotic Moose&Lamb (@GinoKusa) August 11, 2017And then there s this old tweet coming back to haunt Trump.Nostradumb*ss pic.twitter.com/qQS9N8ijlv  R. Saddler ? (@Politics_PR) August 10, 2017Trump tweeted recently that,  Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people)  but according to the latest CNN poll, his use of Twitter is alienating many Americans. A majority of respondents said that Trump s tweets are often misleading; 71 percent said that they are a risky way for a president to communicate and since that poll was taken, the former reality show star has tried to start a nuclear war, all because of his awful poll numbers.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
587," Trump Is Raising Your Healthcare Premiums, And That’s A Fact","It seems like a lifetime since March 23rd, 2010. But thanks to a pretty significant bill signed that day, at least there are no lifetime caps on your health insurance anymore. In fact, there were so many rules and regulations inside Obamacare that benefited consumers instead of insurers that the GOP went absolutely insane trying to undo them. That s no small wonder: Insurance companies gave Republican candidates and conservative groups nearly 37 million dollars in the last election cycle of 2015-16 alone.But the one thing Obamacare didn t do  couldn t do   was clamp down on premiums. Not without changing the way the entire industry is regulated. The fact is, premiums have been skyrocketing for a long time, and for a simple reason. Insurance companies know you need them more than they need you. In other words, because they can. But an interesting thing happened after the ACA was signed: The rising cost of premiums slowed to less than half the growth rate they were undergoing during the Bush years. Why? Because more people were getting insured.Republicans point to raw numbers and call it an increase that happened under Obama. But the premium increase from 2010 to 2016 was much, much smaller than it would have been without the changes to the system that Obamacare wrought. What will they point to now that premiums are on a fast track again? They won t point to Republican policy or Donald Trump. But I will.The Kaiser Family Foundation, a non-partisan, non-profit health care think tank, has been studying premium growth for nearly 20 years. In fact, if you ve ever read stats on health care   who s insured, median cost, what might happen if various bills were passed   you were likely looking at KFF data. And according to their latest study, there s a definitive reason that premiums are going up at the rate they re back to: Because Donald Trump is sabotaging the ACA.Trump s constant description of Obamacare as  failing  is already unhelpful. But his threats to stop cost-sharing subsidy payments are worse. And even worse than that, his persistent badgering of the GOP Congress to repeal Obamacare entirely   even without a replacement plan   has insurance companies scrambling to figure out how to stay in business. If Donald Trump got his way, after all, the number of people without health insurance in America would double in a very short time. And if you don t have insurance, they don t have a customer.So what s the effect of Trump s sabotage? Premiums are about to go through the roof. Just by threatening to stop enforcing the individual mandate   the mechanism that makes Obamacare even work   Trump has caused insurers to request rate increases from regulators anywhere from 1.2 percent to 20 percent. And his threats to stop cost-sharing payments bumps that startling figure up to 23 percent.For years, Republicans liked to point to any increase in premiums as the fault of Obamacare. But premium growth slowed as America got used to the idea of a larger risk pool, and it hasn t started under Obama in the first place. Now we can point directly to the actions of Donald Trump as the reason premiums are once again on the rise.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
588, Donald Trump Just Announced Another Position For Ivanka And Americans Are Outraged,"Donald Trump has just announced that his daughter Ivanka (you know, the one he wants to date) will be taking on yet another role within his disastrous excuse for an administration. Via Twitter, Trump proclaimed that his oldest daughter  will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall. .@IvankaTrump will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall, supporting women s entrepreneurship globally.#GES2017 @narendramodi  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 10, 2017Go figure, Americans are not the least bit impressed that a handbag designer with zero qualifications who was neither elected nor appointed will be serving in this role. Twitter users wasted no time telling Trump all about it.Yeah, just send your Daughter, who has no experience in such to do this. I mean what could possibly go wrong, right?  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) August 10, 2017Here you go again, once more giving your job to someone who has no clue what she's doing! Why can't you be presidential?  Jail Donald Trump (@DTrumpExposed) August 10, 2017I'm glad you feel your family are more qualified than millions of actual diplomats, but there's this crazy thing called nepotism. pic.twitter.com/gjGUVSZZ1l  Alt Fed Employee (@Alt_FedEmployee) August 10, 2017Ivanka Trump makes nepotism great again. This is an affront to our democracy.  Eugene Gu, MD (@eugenegu) August 10, 2017It was bad enough when Ivanka said she was working 'alongside' General Kelly. Trump should fill positions w/ qualified people, not relatives  Dani Bostick (@danibostick) August 10, 2017Isn't she just going out there to scout more sweatshop sites?  Joel Gleicher (@JoelG_88) August 10, 2017She's more likely to visit the factories where they're being made while there.  Muse (@ATLmuse) August 10, 2017Look at this Nepotism. pic.twitter.com/P7heuRujai  Gerren Peterson (@GerrenPeterson) August 10, 2017wtf man she's a handbag designer not a diplomat  Daeso (@DTLAWOLF) August 10, 2017Maybe someone who isn't too busy trying to keep her lunatic father from starting WWIII to try and garner more support?  Alt Fed Employee (@Alt_FedEmployee) August 10, 2017What happened to her ""staying out of politics""?#Complicit#BadMother#Liar#Russia#NotMadeInAmerica#Hypocrisy #Nepotism  JoeMed ?? ? (@joemed3) August 10, 2017Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
589, Putin Just Spit In America’s Face And Trump THANKED Him For It (DETAILS),"For more than 30 years, Donald Trump has built himself up as being a great negotiator and a great leader. Unfortunately, as Special Investigator Robert Mueller is likely to prove soon, Trump is the emperor with no clothes. He wields almost no power, even as president. He is 100 percent on the pocket of Russian President Vladimir Putin and if you aren t convinced yet, this should do it for you.Putin is punishing the United States for the sanctions against him by cutting 755 embassy workers. Instead of retaliating (as he would with pretty much anyone from Rosie O Donnell to Kim Jong Un), Trump instead thanked Putin.A week ago, Congress voted nearly unanimously to send Russia a message by passing a bill enacting strict sanctions against them. The sanctions are about the country s interference in our 2016 election and for its brutal aggression against the Ukraine and Syria and they hit Putin where it hurts.The Russian sanctions will target people and entities that:   undermine US cybersecurity on behalf of the Russia government   invest certain amounts in Russia s energy export pipelines   conduct  significant  transactions with Russian defense and intelligence agencies (though this will come into effect six months from now)   commit, or assist in, serious human rights abuses   commit acts of  significant  corruption   provide support to the Syrian government to acquire arms   invest, or facilitate the investment of, $10 million or more in the Russian government s privatization of any state-owned asset in a one-year period that could unfairly benefit government officials or their associates.Source: CNNIn other words, the sanctions directly target the people who are holding and even laundering Putin s money.Sanctions were also handed to North Korea and Iran.Russia s hands are somewhat publicly tied, but after expelling 755 diplomats, Trump s reaction was beyond strange. He looked up mid-felatio and thanked the dictator. I want to thank him because we re trying to cut down our payroll   I m very thankful that he let go of a large number of people because now we have a smaller payroll,  Trump told reporters Thursday at his New Jersey golf club.Source: CNBCEven that is a lie. The diplomats aren t being fired from the government   they re just being relocated.Read more:Featured image via Handout/Getty Images",0
590," BREAKING: Republican Senate Hopeful Speaks His Mind, Says Putin Is Right, America Is Evil","After more than seven years of Republicans desperately trying to kill everything that is great about this country, like the fact that it s a melting pot or a land of opportunity. Now, one Republican has gone so far as to say that Vladimir Putin is right when he calls the United States evil.We always knew there was a flip-side to Donald Trump  Make America Great Again,  as if America, in its multiculturalism and in its quest for freedom, is somehow no longer great. Now, Roy Moore, who s hoping to replace now Attorney General Jeff Sessions in the Senate, as admitted as much.When The Guardian s Paul Lewis, who was probing the rising popularity of Russian President Vladimir Putin among U.S. conservatives, told Moore that former President Reagan called Russia  the focus of evil in the modern world,  Moore said it wasn t the only one. You could say that very well about America, couldn t you?  Moore responded in the interview published Wednesday. We promote a lot of bad things,  added the former chief justice of Alabama s Supreme Court, specifically citing same-sex marriage.Then he had to, like any loyal Trumpster, thrown in a little love for Vladimir Putin. That s the very argument that Vladimir Putin makes,  Lewis pointed out. Well, then maybe Putin is right,  Moore said.  Maybe he s more akin to me than I know. Source: The HillI guess Moore, who s currently in the lead to be the nation s next Senator, doesn t know that Russia has one of the highest rates of abortion in the world. Republicans really have to do a better job of picking their dictator crushes.You may remember Moore as the Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice and religious nut job who was forced to leave office after refusing to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments as was ordered by a federal court.He took the job back in 2013, but was forced to resign once again for ethics violations, including his refusal to allow gay marriages once the Supreme Court ruled them constitutional.Moore loves him some Donald Trump, though. In two sentences he invoked  God  in reference to Trump, a man who s almost certainly never read the Bible, a whopping four times. God puts people in positions in positions he wants.   I believe he sent Donald Trump in there to do what Donald Trump can do,  Moore said.  More than thinking I can win, it s up to God and God s will. We will see what God would have me do. And here we thought it was bad enough with Jeff Sessions in the Senate. Actually, it was. Now, we ll have Sessions as AG and who knows what kind of nuttery replacing him in the Senate. If there s any consolation at all, it s that we re all getting screwed and the party in charge wants to take away our birth control.Read more:",0
591, Trump Started A War With McConnell And The Oldest GOP Senator Is Coming For Him Guns Blazing,"Donald Trump just LOVES attacking members of his own party. Seemingly not understanding that the 535 people in the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate are a co-equal branch of government and can totally kneecap him and even remove him from office if they so choose, Trump has been steadily attacking a GOP stalwart: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.First, Trump decided that McConnell needed to  get back to work  on his failed healthcare legislation. Then, he suggested that McConnell should resign if he cannot get Trump s legislative agenda through the Senate. Well, it seems that other GOP Senators are sick and tired of Trump s bullying of their Senate leader, and are coming after him.First, Orrin Hatch, who is easily the oldest member of the Senate at age 83, had his office release the following cryptic message regarding Trump s attacks on McConnell:""@SenateMajLdr has been the best leader we ve had in my time in the Senate, through very tough challenges. I fully support him."" -Hatch pic.twitter.com/3vD5nFgE36  Senator Hatch Office (@senorrinhatch) August 10, 2017Of course, Trump is not one of them. He ran an insurgent campaign and took over their entire party, as they watched helplessly. Now, slowly but surely, the establishment elected Republicans are realizing that this deal with the devil was a colossal mistake. Now that Senator Hatch has come out and stood with McConnell, surely more Senators   especially those who have criticized Trump in the past   are sure to follow. Susan Collins (R-ME), Lindsey Graham (R-SC), John McCain (R-AZ), and Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) come to mind, for starters.Trump has no idea what he has done by declaring war on McConnell. These people have the power to end his presidency   and perhaps even his freedom   if he isn t careful. So, let the GOP infighting and the Trump bullying continue.Pop your popcorn, folks. This is about to get REAL good.Featured image via Olivier Douliery   Pool/Getty Images",0
592, Trump Comes For McConnell AGAIN With Latest Statement: ‘Fulfill My Campaign Promises For Me Or Quit’,"Donald Trump seems to think that he can bully Congress into doing his bidding, even though they are a separate and co-equal branch of government. His current target is Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), who Trump is blaming for the failure of the disastrous Trumpcare bill that would have taken healthcare from millions. First, Trump ordered McConnell to  get back to work  on the healthcare bill, as if McConnell works for him. Now, during a presser amid the North Korea crisis, Trump suggested that at some point McConnell should step down as Senate Majority Leader.When Trump was asked about his attacks on McConnell and his feelings on whether or not the Senate GOP leader should continue in the post, he said: I ll tell you what, if he doesn t get repeal and replace done, and if he doesn t get taxes done, meaning cuts and reform, and if he doesn t get a very easy one to get done, infrastructure, he doesn t get them done, then you can ask me that question. Trump then made it clear that he intends to continue hammering McConnell in public, and he wants the help of the press in doing so: That means ask me that question. Let s hope he gets it done. This is a very clear warning shot, and we know that Trump is a bully. He is angry that he has been humiliated on his signature campaign promise, which is to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act on day one. It is now well past the 200 day mark, and the GOP has proven that even with control of all three branches of the federal government they cannot achieve anything major on the legislative front. It is clear that Trump is taking this personally, that he is feeling aggrieved, and that right now he blames Mitch McConnell for that failure.McConnell better use his Article 1 powers and check the orange fool sitting at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. He should see now that no one is safe from Trump s ire if he believes they have done something disloyal, something to betray him.McConnell would be wise to push back, lest he allow Trump to believe that he can be pushed out by an unruly wannabe dictator.Read more:Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
593, Donald Trump Doubles Down On Korea Threat; Says He Wasn’t Tough Enough,"If you ve been hiding under your bed since Donald Trump threatened North Korea with  fire and fury unlike the world has ever seen,  grab something hard (a drink, a prescription, a rock) and go into your basement for this one. Trump says his words weren t strong enough. Maybe it wasn t tough enough,  the president told reporters on Thursday at his golf club in Bedminster, N.J.  It s about time someone stuck up for the people of our country. Source: PoliticoNorth Korea s leader, Kim Jong Un, the other petulant man-child in this pissing match, hasn t yet responded, but he has twice, as a response to Trump s  fire and fury  threat, threatened to nuke Guam.The intelligence community believes that North Korea has developed a miniaturized nuclear warhead that is small enough to fit into a long-range missile, leading to speculation that if Kim John Un wanted to attack the United States, he could.Even Trump s own White House is conflicted on how to handle it, though. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has tried to mitigate Trump s irresponsible and irrational threat. Nothing that I have seen and nothing that I know of would indicate that the situation has dramatically changed in the last 24 hours,  he said, adding that  Americans should sleep well at night. But he also defended Trump s comments. I think what the President was doing was sending a strong message to North Korea in language that Kim Jong Un would understand, because he doesn t seem to understand diplomatic language,  Tillerson said. Source: CNNTrump advisor Sebastion Gorka quickly refuted Tillerson, saying: You should listen to the president; the idea that Secretary Tillerson is going to discuss military matters is simply nonsensical,  Gorka said in a recording shared with The Washington Post.  It is the job of Secretary Mattis, the secretary of defense, to talk about the military options, and he has done so unequivocally. He said,  Woe betide anyone who militarily challenges the United States,  and that is his portfolio. That is his mandate. Secretary Tillerson is the chief diplomat of the United States, and it is his portfolio to handle those issues. Mattis is hoping for diplomacy, but he s ready to go to war at any moment.Even if Trump is blowing smoke up Kim Jong Un s posterior, this is a dangerous line of talk, especially when dealing with a mentally unstable narcissist with daddy issues. Then we have to worry about North Korea.Read more:Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
594, Breitbart Editor Gets Roasted Alive On Twitter After Saying Images Of Lady Liberty Are An ‘Attack On The Right’,"Vogue s latest cover has really set off Breitbart editor John Carney, who apparently is not the brightest guy around:If  attacking us  has you confused based on the non-political photo, you re not the only one. Luckily, it s explained: he thinks an image of the Statue of Liberty is an attack on conservatives, based on the citation of Lady Liberty and the plaque she bears by liberals and progressives as evidence that we are a nation that welcomes immigrants. And if that wasn t enough, he went on a twitter rant crying about why he thinks he s right:Seriously, I think we could do really well with @BreitbartNews Fashion. Lots of women who would like their fashion without leftism.  John Carney (@carney) August 10, 2017The reaction by leftists to my criticism of Vogue's cover is all the proof you need about its political content.  John Carney (@carney) August 10, 2017If you want the Statue of Liberty to be a non-partisan symbol of America, don't make her central to your case against immigration reform.  John Carney (@carney) August 10, 2017Really? So you think they just coincidentally decided to put one of the most beautiful women in America next to Statue of Liberty?  John Carney (@carney) August 10, 2017 Just so you know, John, leftists aren t opposed to  immigration reform,  just your un-American version of it. And it wasn t leftists that made Lady Liberty a central figure of immigration   it was this:Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame, With conquering limbs astride from land to land; Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name Mother of Exiles. From her beacon-hand Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame.  Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp!  cries she With silent lips.  Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door! Feedback for this little bit of right-wing lunacy was instantaneous and harsh:Dumbest motherfucker alive https://t.co/g1aEQDOpOM  Luke O'Neil (@lukeoneil47) August 10, 2017 also, how pathetic are you to be triggered and need a safe space from lady liberty?  Oliver Willis (@owillis) August 10, 2017Uh https://t.co/dhXerDk0Pm pic.twitter.com/EPLTRXC5q4  Matt Viser (@mviser) August 10, 2017 Telling that the Statue of Liberty triggers someone.  Nate (@NateT_) August 10, 2017Posing in front of Lady Liberty is now an attack on the right? Interesting.  Joe Nocera (@NoceraBV) August 10, 2017Truly baffled. Isn t the Statue of Liberty the iconic American image of womanhood? What else would be? If you see politics, that s on you.  Ellen Clair Lamb (@ECLamb) August 10, 2017That Vogue cover was shot at least 3 months ago   that s how far out they go   and why wouldn t you want the Statue of Liberty everywhere?  Ellen Clair Lamb (@ECLamb) August 10, 2017Hilarious. Triggered by the Statue of Liberty. Makes sense tho.  Robert Stribley (@stribs) August 10, 2017Isn t it amazing how easily they expose themselves? If the Statue of Liberty is anti-right and leftist bias, I m completely ok with that.  politically elite   (@politeratiesque) August 10, 2017What if, when you re  attacked  by the Statue of Liberty, you re the bad guy?  Brook G-D ? (@TheBG_D) August 10, 2017Then he tried again: It s contextual. Putting that on the cover right after Miller v. Acosta fight is taking sides. Not sure why people want to isn t otherwise.  John Carney (@carney) August 10, 2017Surely you know that magazine deadlines are such that the cover was done LONG before the Miller-Acosta exchange.  Joe Nocera (@NoceraBV) August 10, 2017 Surely you know Stop right there.He doesn t.  Jake Upham (@jakeupham) August 10, 2017Apparently, these days all it takes is the Statue of Liberty to get the authoritarians on the right to throw a tantrum.Read more:Featured image via screencapture",0
595, Trump Demands Mitch McConnell ‘Get Back to Work’ While Vacationing From Vacation,"On Thursday, while Donald Trump was in the midst of enjoying his vacation from his 17-day vacation, he decided that Republicans weren t working hard enough to strip healthcare from millions of Americans. Mitch, get back to work and put Repeal & Replace, Tax Reform & Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing,  Trump tweeted, apparently unaware that he has spent a generous portion of his presidency golfing rather than doing his own job.  You can do it! Mitch, get back to work and put Repeal & Replace, Tax Reform & Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 10, 2017Donald Trump has spent much of his  Vacation  golfing as usual and toilet-tweeting attacks on Barack Obama as well as Republicans, and at this point seems perfectly willing to destroy his own party to pass his horrifying agenda.Trump loves telling others to get back to work, but as of the end of this month he will have already spent three times as many days on vacation as Barack Obama did in eight years.YOU ARE ON VACATION! HOW ARE YOU TELLING SOMEONE ELSE TO ""GET BACK TO WORK""?(although please, stay on vacation. permanently)  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) August 10, 2017You're on a 17 day vacation telling someone to ""get back to work"" ?  Sarah Wood (@sarahwoodwriter) August 10, 2017Why don t you get back to work coming up with a coherent strategy to deal with North Korea? Oh, wait. You can t.  David Gorski (@gorskon) August 10, 2017You literally haven't even started working yet.  Calvin (@calvinstowell) August 10, 2017You spent yesterday golfing with the owner of a staffing agency and his buds. You're the last person to tell anybody to get back to work. pic.twitter.com/IJHxcxPCA6  P  Resists (@4everNeverTrump) August 10, 2017The funniest thing about this is that you probably attacked McConnell for not working hard enough yesterday WHILE YOU WERE GOLFING! pic.twitter.com/1opCTqTNdP  P  Resists (@4everNeverTrump) August 10, 2017Stay on vacation, you are not well and are a huge detriment to this country.  CJ Vanston (@cjvanston) August 10, 2017How's golfing going?  Adam Lance Garcia (@AdamLanceGarcia) August 10, 2017Counterpoint: you want to bang your daughter."" If ivanka weren't my daughter perhaps I'd be dating her""https://t.co/m0RKVQv5O1  The Deep State (@deepstaterogue) August 10, 2017Our  so-called President  is a joke. When he should be focusing on the mess he created with North Korea, he is spending his time golfing and attacking Mitch McConnell for not accomplishing anything   a weird way to go about things, as The Donald is eroding McConnell s effectiveness by attacking him publicly.It s time for Republicans to actually do their jobs and get Trump out of office.Featured image via Getty Images (Ian MacNicol)/screengrab",0
596, BREAKING: It Was Manafort Who Told Gov About Trump Jr. Russian Meeting – And Trump Is Coming For Him,"Donald Trump s former campaign manager Paul Manafort seems likely to flip on his old boss and it s is scaring the sh*t out of the current occupant of the White House. Manafort s shady past includes owing a fuckton of money to pro-Russian entities, money laundering, working in the Ukraine while investing with a Russian oligarch, along with other dubious business practices. Manafort has very little to lose and everything to gain by flipping on Trump. It was previously revealed that his own daughters hate him because  that money we have is blood money. It s now been reported that it was Manafort who alerted authorities to Donald Trump Jr s meeting with a Russian lawyer, which was also attended by Trump s son-in-law, Jared Kushner. That meeting was set up to gather damaging information on Trump s rival, Hillary Clinton.Bloomberg Politics reports:In fact, Manafort had alerted authorities to a controversial meeting on June 9, 2016, involving Trump s son Donald Jr., other campaign representatives and a Russian lawyer promising damaging information on Hillary Clinton, according to people familiar with the matter. The president and his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, were dragged into the matter as details repeatedly emerged that contradicted the initial accounts of that meeting.Manafort s business associates also risk being engulfed by the probe.Federal agents conducted a pre-dawn raid late last month at a house owned by Manafort and now the investigation involves his financial interests. It appears that Mueller is going by the wise standard of following the money.Agents were looking for  tax documents and foreign banking records  when they conducted the pre-dawn raid on the morning of July 26. A spokesman for Manafort confirmed the news.Hours before the raid was conducted, Trump fired out a tweet against Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe.Immediately after the news broke of the raid on Manafort s home, the National Enquirer, a tabloid which has been in cahoots with Trump for years, predictably tweeted out their latest hit-post,  Donald Trump Advisor Paul Manafort Caught Up In Sick Sex Scandal! You can bookmark this: Manafort will roll over on the entire Trump crime family to save his own skin. Tick tock, it s Mueller time!Read more:Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images.",0
597," Trump Tries To Blame Obama For North Korea Mess, It Immediately Backfires (TWEETS)","In his current position of having a historically low approval rating and a running track record of multiple colossal failures, one would think that Donald Trump is in NO position to be criticizing others and judging his more successful predecessors on how they handled business before him. However, this didn t stop him from trying to throw former president Barack Obama under the bus last night as he tried to distract America from focusing on his Russia scandal and the shortcomings of his administration.On Wednesday night, Trump retweeted two tweets that blamed Obama for the current North Korean crisis, which Trump has recently f*cked up beyond belief by threatening the regime with nuclear attacks. Those tweets were from John Bolton and Fox News   The Five , which of course were anti-Obama and patting Trump on the back for being an  unpredictable  basket case on the North Korea situation. Here are the tweets:Trump seriously cannot stand how loved Obama is by Americans, and tries to tear him down every chance he gets. Obama has a track record and popularity that Trump will never achieve, and he can t stand it. He only knows how to cope by blaming Obama for his own failures.The reason we re currently in crisis is because of Trump and his erratic threats to North Korea. Obama was a measured, thoughtful leader who never would have acted so recklessly. Trump, on the other hand, nixed the idea of negotiations and went straight to threatening nuclear war. Where Obama was an adult who understood complexities, Trump is a child who acts with his emotions and insecurities.If you re disgusted by Trump trashing Obama, you re not alone. Once Trump retweeted those posts, America responded with outrage and made Trump regret it:   Read more:Featured image via Alex Wong and Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
598," Mooch Changes His Tune, Says Reporter ‘Absolutely’ Recorded Him Without Permission","So here s a funny hypothetical: You re a White House Communications Director. You ve settled into your office in the West Wing. You have a definite connection with the boss   your speaking styles are similar, you come from the same moneyed and even geographical background, and just for good measure, let s say you both are known to engage in the occasional  locker room talk.  Honestly, you re over the moon at landing this job, because you ve been after it for half a year, and god knows there have been some twerps standing in your way.There s really only one thing you should be concerned with, and that s knowing how to do this. Maybe Anthony Scaramucci got so excited to work for Donald Trump that he forgot to learn that last part. And if this hypothetical were about you, dear reader, I can t imagine that you d overlook a teensy detail like knowing how to do things  off the record. The Mooch s downfall came from the hilariously bad telephone conversation he had with Ryan Lizza, Washington correspondent for the New Yorker. Scaramucci called Lizza to try and ascertain the identity of a  leaker  who had told him about a dinner Donald Trump attended. That phone call was, as everyone now knows, recorded.Now Mooch is claiming that Ryan Lizza broke the law. Or rather, he s insinuating it..@RyanLizza is the Linda Tripp of 2017. People know. And he is up at night not being able to live with himself.  Anthony Scaramucci (@Scaramucci) August 10, 2017Linda Tripp, of course, is the woman who recorded over 20 hours of telephone conversations with Monica Lewinski, whose dalliances with Bill Clinton ended with impeachment in the House of Representatives. There are questions to this day whether or not Tripp broke the law: Maryland law still dictates that all parties must consent to the taping of a phone call, but courts there ruled at the time that the law didn t apply to people who didn t know it was illegal. She broke the law, but if she didn t know she was breaking the law, she didn t break it. Ooookay.So of course that led to the question:Are you accusing him of taping the call without your permission?  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) August 10, 2017And the succinct, albeit editorialized, answer:Yes. He absolutely taped the call without my permission. #lowlife https://t.co/fTDcBw4vcT  Anthony Scaramucci (@Scaramucci) August 10, 2017Scaramucci, like his former boss, thinks that any offense committed against him must somehow be a crime. We learned from the phone call to Lizza that Mooch believed  leaking  his (publicly available) financial disclosures to the press wasn t just a crime but a felony for which he promised to involve the FBI and DOJ. So does he think Lizza (hashtag lowlife), by recording without his  permission,  broke the law as well?Turns out it doesn t matter. In Washington D.C.   where both ends of the phone call took place   taping a telephone conversation requires only the consent of one party. Don t wonder too long about whether hitting a button to start recording is consent from one: It is. And from his tweets today, Ryan Lizza is definitely not losing sleep over it.Sorry, Mooch. You re still the dipshit who just didn t know how to do his job. And really, talking to the press is pretty much one of the only jobs a WH Director of Communications even has to do, right?Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
599," Desperate For Members, White Supremacists Beg Rally Goers To Make It ‘Sexy’ – No Joke","By now, everyone is aware of how Donald Trump s openly white supremacist campaign and subsequent  presidency  has mainstreamed the most extreme of the fringe right-wing. Despite this fact, though, these people are hardly popular. Therefore, it should come as no surprise that as these freaks are holding what is sure to be one of their biggest rallies in a really long time   likely more than ten years   , they are desperate to make sure it s a hit. How are they planning to do this? By making it, quote,  sexy.  In bigoted alt-right language, though, that simply means,  no fat people allowed. One of the organizers of the white supremacist  Unite the Right  rally that is to take place in Charlottesville, Virginia, Andrew Anglin, is the piece of sh*t who runs the white supremacist internet hole The Daily Stormer. He said, via a blog post, that he expects his fellow neo-Nazis to be  sexy,  and that they  have to go to the gym.  Anglin goes on to sternly warn against baggy clothes and other typical  fat  attire: The worst look ever is a baggy T-shirt. Wear fitted T-shirts, where the sleeve goes to the middle of your bicep. It should not hang lower than base of your member. Anglin then models an outfit in some sort of store mirror, with the following description of how his members should present themselves: Jean [sic] should also be fitted. Not tight, just fitted. In the photo those are actually shorts   I would not wear pants that loose-fitting. And that s another thing: don t ever wear shorts. Serious men in serious situations are not wearing shorts.Americans have an obsession with this baggy stuff, and it always looks bad. No matter what, it looks bad. Even if everyone else is doing it. And in case his readers didn t get it the first couple of times, Anglin then goes all in, saying:Fat people should be allowed to join groups and be involved in rallies, but we need to create a culture where we don t necessarily shame people, but do look at them and expect them to get it together. We should help people get it together. I m working on my biggest diet guide ever, which I think will help the overweight and skinny alike, even if they ve minimal time for exercise.Continued obesity should not be tolerated.Surely, a lot of our target demographic is going to be out of shape, which is why we need a culture of fitness. People should go to the gym together. Help each other with diet.Do not look scraggly. I won t tell you how to cut your hair, but I do believe men s hair looks better short, and beards look better well-trimmed.On top of this, Anglin reveals himself to be extremely misogynistic, and insists that women be shunted to the side. He also says that he, himself, has, quote,  problems with women.  He does want to be appealing to the fairer sex, though, and wants his rank and file white supremacists to be the same:Look good.It is very important to look good.We must have Chad Nationalism. That is what will make guys want to join us, that is what will make girls want to be our groupies. That will make us look like bad boys and heroes. That is what we are going for here.I cannot stress the point hard enough   I m hitting italics again   we need to be extremely conscious of what we look like, and how we present ourselves. That matters more than our ideas. If that is sad to you, I m sorry, but that is just human nature. If people see a bunch of mismatched overweight slobs, they are not going to care what they are saying. Of course, Anglin and his disgusting cohorts will use the promise of hot women as a way to drag people into their despicable ideology.This is all an obvious and explicit message of ,  no fatties allowed, you make us look bad.  Then again, it makes sense. People like Anglin and another prominent alt-right leader, Richard Spencer, are trying to rebrand the extreme, bigoted right. they cannot do that if they associate themselves with uneducated, fat, toothless, trailer park dwellers who most people think of when they think of the racist right.It doesn t make it right, and all of what they are doing and what they are about is as wrong as it comes. However, it seems that for a so-called  movement  that is still very unpopular and disgraceful even in many GOP circles, they d be trying to get all the numbers they can, no matter what the people attending look like.Then again, these people are white supremacists, and there is nothing rational about them or anything they do.Featured image via Facebook",0
600, BREAKING: FBI Carried Out Warrant On Republican Congressman (DETAILS),"The LA Times is reporting that the Federal Bureau of Investigation carried out a search warrant on the campaign office of Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-CA) in relation to misappropriated funds during the campaign. Specifically, they searched the campaign treasurer s office for documents and electronic records related to campaign spending.This is far from the first time Duncan Hunter has made his way into the news cycle for misusing campaign funds, so it should come as no surprise that the investigation has gone this far. As the LA Times reports:It was the more than $1,300 in video game purchases by Hunter s campaign that first drew the attention of federal election officials and the San Diego Union-Tribune. Hunter blamed his son for the video game purchases, saying he had used the wrong credit card. Other unusual spending by Hunter s campaign included a now-infamous airplane ride for the family rabbit and payments to nail salons, his children s private school and a Phoenix resort. Hunter has already reimbursed his campaign some $62,000 for payments of items such as oral surgery, a family trip to Italy and Disneyland gift shop purchases. And his most recent campaign finance reports show he has spent $336,664 with seven law firms this year, much of that since the House Ethics Committee announced it was stalling its investigation to avoid interfering with the FBI s work.Hunter defended his actions by saying,  I was not involved in any criminal action,  Hunter said.  Maybe I wasn t attentive enough to my campaign. That s not a crime. He s far from the only Republican to blatantly flout campaign finance and anti-corruption laws, though. Trump, for example, is under investigation by several watchdogs for spending heavily at his own businesses, often paying rates above market value or raising prices to make more money from his campaign donors. Former Rep. Michael Grimm was recently convicted and sentenced to eight months. The list goes on and on.If this year has proven anything, it s that Republicans have no respect for the rule of law, and are simply desperate for guidance from an authoritarian ruler no matter how dirty he or his political party may be.Hey Republicans   this is America. If you want to live in a corrupt dictatorship so badly, why don t you move to North Korea?Read more:Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
601, #TrumpChicken Is Now Trending And These Tweets Are Hilarious (IMAGES),"Earlier today, CBS News and other outlets noticed something strange going on behind the White House. Someone had put up a giant, inflatable chicken that resembled Donald Trump. Now, the hashtag #TrumpChicken is at the top of Twitter s trending list, and for good reason.So many people find the whole thing hilarious. It s probably a good thing that Trump isn t actually in the White House to see it right now, although it s a good bet that, if he knows about it, he s fuming.And the popularity of #TrumpChicken on Twitter won t help that. Not at all.Gotta love a giant #TrumpChicken representing a guy overcompensating for a tiny cock  ?Tara Dublin ? (@taradublinrocks) August 9, 2017#TrumpChicken #FollowTheMoney #Trumprussia #TREASON #Focus #TrumpLies #TrumpRussianCoverUp #TrumpTaxes #Manafort #Kushner #DonaldTrumpJr pic.twitter.com/7w4z5ZAcP5  =^.^= Kare =^.^= (@Kare_P) August 9, 2017#trumpchicken impeach then deep fry.  scott7 (@scottpw7) August 9, 2017#OverHeardDownOnTheFarm? Even #TrumpChicken ? Gets Higher Ratings Than .@CNN pic.twitter.com/JV2bEzAK6K  JoeKnows1972 (@Joe48430) August 9, 2017Protesters install a giant inflatable Trump chicken & it is now glaring at the White House. #TrumpChicken trending. https://t.co/ZWqnCoLAPK pic.twitter.com/aluqOUJ9VB  Live News Cloud   (@livenewscloud) August 9, 2017Petition to get #TrumpChicken in the @Macys Thanksgiving Day Parade this year? pic.twitter.com/35gGEEejDs  Doug Burgess III (@dougiemagic) August 9, 2017Why did #TrumpChicken cross the road ? Because Vladimir Putin told him to !  Bernieforspeaker (@bernie4speaker) August 9, 2017#TrumpChicken pic.twitter.com/rclgVjPIcC  CherryTheTart (@CherryTheTart) August 9, 2017Trump Seeing #TrumpChicken: The people they understand I m one of them and that I love chicken. An incredible bird, so bigly in taste. pic.twitter.com/RWOZ0EIXEj  Jen Saunderson (@JenSaunderson) August 9, 2017#CNN Breaking #DonaldTrump SCREWS #GOP #TrumpCare, #TaxReform,#TrumpChicken and #Guam #AC360 #GOPinCRISIS @UniteBlue pic.twitter.com/oNWS9x9qyc  Town Post.. (@ReneNow) August 9, 2017The cost of #TrumpChicken: $1,300.The cost of seeing it outside the White House: priceless. pic.twitter.com/SyARthjiCY  AJ+ (@ajplus) August 9, 2017Chicken Fashion Face-Off: Who Wore it Better? This giant inflatable chicken with golden hair pops up behind the White House #TrumpChicken pic.twitter.com/r1kmfmCsq3  Latrice Butts (@latricebutts) August 9, 2017Who ordered the chicken?#TrumpChicken @realDonaldTrump #trump pic.twitter.com/0WzVhl9hPv  Chooch Manicotti (@ChoochManicott1) August 9, 2017If #TrumpChicken was moved into the Oval Office would anyone even notice the difference? #ImpeachTrumpNow  wazzucoug99 (@wazzucoug99) August 9, 2017#TrumpChicken won the popular vote in a landslide. pic.twitter.com/DILU03ofAH  Marie Connor (@thistallawkgirl) August 9, 2017BREAKING: Approval rating for inflated #TrumpChicken now at 98%. pic.twitter.com/NmjIXmxfQA  The Hummingbird (@SaysHummingbird) August 9, 2017? @realDonaldTrump, your spirit animal is doing an OUTSTANDING JOB of filling in as @POTUS for you, while you re on vacation. #TrumpChicken pic.twitter.com/JmqWgr1Lz1  Portland Beer (@Portland_Beer) August 9, 2017Is Trump going to declare war on chickens? Build a wall to keep out chickens? Unleash power like we ve never seen on chickens? #trumpchicken  Miller s Forehead (@Antyinbr) August 9, 2017From this angle, it looks like the #TrumpChicken is out in the bushes with Sean Spicer ? pic.twitter.com/URA5tGjwsR  Kat (@KMR31871) August 9, 2017I honestly think the #TrumpChicken has a better approval rating than @realDonaldTrump. https://t.co/GkzhDenjMU  Jenn Compton (@Ryde2Win) August 10, 2017BREAKING: Two Big Cocks stare at each other near the #Whitehouse. #TrumpChicken #TrumpVsChicken https://t.co/OOX3Tm7Xra  Hobo Crackerbags (@HoboCrackerbags) August 10, 2017But of course, there are also the butthurt Trump fans who think this is petty:Amazing that people using inflatables to express themselves/insult another, feel they would do a better job as #POTUS. #TrumpChicken  William Whatever (@Billyw1093) August 10, 2017#TrumpChicken is just more proof #TheLeftCantMeme  Bedauerlich Mek (@RebelMechaniker) August 10, 2017#TrumpChicken Progressive r so weak! Thank GOD Trump is President! I dare North Korea 2 mess with US! They become a parking lot in 15 mins  CindyC Fire Fury (@Dmsrcmc12Bob) August 10, 2017#TrumpChicken you libtard Democrats are a bunch of clucking chickens  nick price (@nickprice91) August 10, 2017Losers bring Inflatable Trump Chicken to the WH even though the Donald Duck Mascot did nothing to Hillary win. #TrumpChicken  Shelzii (@sherman3111) August 10, 2017Read more:Featured image via Pax Ahimsa Gethen, CC BY-SA 4.0, Wikimedia Commons",0
602," Trump Golfs While Threatening Nuclear War, Then Tries To Cover It Up (IMAGES)","Any sane person would think that after Donald Trump decided to freak the world out by threatening a nuclear war with North Korea, then he would at least pretend to be working to keep some semblance of order after creating so much chaos. That s not what happened, though. The former reality show star was caught playing 18 holes of golf with some random dude named Michael Fazio. While the rest of us are on pins and needles because a bloviating windbag wants to have a pissing contest with the North Korean dictator, Trump is hanging out with Mike at the 18th hole.Fazio posted the picture of him and Trump out on a golfing date on Instagram, saying that he had a  fantastic day golfing with #45 @realdonaldtrump at Trump Bedminister [sic] today  and added that they  had an exciting match which came down to the 18th hole.  However, that picture was quickly deleted but not before it was discovered then circulated on Twitter by social media users.After it was posted on Instagram, social media friends of Mike s wrote,  Awesome bro!  while Trump made war noises at North Korea, presumably in between holes.Trump golfed with a random person TODAY. It's the middle of the day on a Wednesday. Golf games last ~3 hours.He. Does. No. Work. pic.twitter.com/jJhE57EqV7  P  Resists (@4everNeverTrump) August 9, 2017""We had an exciting match which came down to the 18th hole.""Wow. Just wow.  P  Resists (@4everNeverTrump) August 9, 2017Who is the person who set up the game?This is the person who ""set up"" the game. Who is he? pic.twitter.com/QwR8lFYqCg  P  Resists (@4everNeverTrump) August 9, 2017Trump tweeted this ~1.5 hours ago. Did he tweet it when he was golfing with Mike Fazio? Did they laugh about it together? pic.twitter.com/g0QAnjRg0s  P  Resists (@4everNeverTrump) August 9, 2017Good old Mike posted it on Facebook, too.I guess nobody gave Mike the memo to not let the world know Trump doesn't do sh*t every day  he posted it on Facebook, too. pic.twitter.com/kaAtXTD0BH  P  Resists (@4everNeverTrump) August 9, 2017Well, Mike must have deleted that post on Facebook. He claims to be the  Owner/ President at Prime Staffing NYC,  according to his profile.The White House (again) failed to disclose this excursion to the press pool and we can imagine why. A friend of Trump s, Richard Levine, appears to have set up the outing, according to a Washington Post reporter.Yes! A donor to the Donald J. Trump Foundation and one of @realDonaldTrump's most frequent golf partners. https://t.co/dqTe4nQgmC  David Fahrenthold (@Fahrenthold) August 9, 2017While Trump threatened to nuke North Korea, who in turn would lash out at South Korea, etc, he was out with the owner of a New York City staffing company. But according to Trump, he is  working hard  while on his 17-day vacation at his luxury golf course. Of course, he takes breaks now and then to tweet out threats of nuking the world and that s totally normal, right?Read more:Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
603," BREAKING: North Korea Responds To Trump Threats, Crossing Trump’s Red Line","North Korea, a true and present threat to the world, has responded to Trump s posturing and it s not good. Earlier today, Trump threatened to rain  fire and fury  down upon North Korea, who has threatened Guam, which is a direct threat against us. Now, North Korea is escalating. Here s how, per the Associated Press:BREAKING: North Korea says it will complete plan to attack waters near Guam by mid-August then wait for commander in chief s order.  The Associated Press (@AP) August 9, 2017Trump s latest threats followed news that North Korea has figured out that they actually can put nuclear warheads on their missiles. That includes long-range missiles that might be able to hit our West Coast. That they re now vowing to carry through with plans to attack one of our territories shows the folly of Trump s so-called leadership in the area of foreign policy.North Korea sees Guam as a type of beachhead from which we can launch an attack on them. They ve already been working on long-range ballistic missiles, and they ve been testing nuclear weapons for a long time. It s like Trump is taunting North Korea the way a schoolyard bully would.He needs to take this more seriously than he is, and let the grown-ups do the work here. He s going to get the entire world killed.Read more:Featured image via Chung Sung-Jun/Getty Images",0
604, This Fantastic Obama Speech Shows Us How A REAL President Would Be Acting Right Now (VIDEO),"We just took a massive step closer to nuclear war with North Korea, and while Secretary of State Rex Tillerson keeps trying to reassure our allies that we re trying to bring North Korea to the negotiating table rather than just annihilate the entire planet, Trump is still posturing like a male peacock fanning his tail feathers. We don t need a peacock. We need a diplomat. Here s why:BREAKING: North Korea says it will complete plan to attack waters near Guam by mid-August then wait for commander in chief s order.  The Associated Press (@AP) August 9, 2017So the Georgia Democratic Party decided to remind us of exactly what a real president would be doing right now. President Obama, who believed in the diplomacy that Trump s immature machismo says is simply weakness (because why try diplomacy when you can fan your peacock feathers and strut?), always spoke eloquently on U.S. foreign policy and on war, and emphasized the necessity of working with the rest of the world to neutralize threats: Our greatest generation fought and bled and died to build an international order of laws and institutions that could preserve the peace and extend prosperity and promote cooperation among nations. And for all of its imperfections, we depend on that international order to protect our own freedom.In other words, we are a nation that, at our best, has been defined by hope, and not fear. Watch below:In times like these we re reminded that character, integrity, sound judgement & a commitment to American values matter. #ThanksObama#gapol pic.twitter.com/fF26ew2haq  Georgia Democrat (@GeorgiaDemocrat) August 9, 2017Trump is trying to define us by fear because to him, fear is the same thing as respect. He s dangerous to us because of that. Obama was what a real president looked like when discussing war.Read more:Featured image via video screen capture",0
605," Melania Gives Up On Cyberbullying After Trump’s North Korea Threats, Turns To Drug Addiction","As her husband Donald Trump makes Twitter threats of nuclear war to North Korea, First Lady Melania Trump has decided to abandon her crusade to tackle cyber bullying and instead move on to drug addiction.Melania made a rare appearance on Twitter yesterday to promote her new cause because her cyber bullying campaign isn t going very well, particularly because her husband ruins its credibility on a daily basis. Melania tweeted: Opioids are destroying our youth/people. Mtg w @Potus & @SecPriceMD today to give my support to #STOPDRUGADDICTION. When Melania first announced her passion for ending cyber bullying, it raised eyebrows around the world, especially considering the fact that her husband is infamous for attacking people on social media. However, Melania hasn t actually talked about her cyber bullying plan of action since January and seems to have pivoted onto to drug addiction. A spokesperson for Melania Trump told The New York Daily News that Melania s concerns for children were the reason for her new interest in drug addiction. The spokesperson said: Opioid abuse is an escalating health crisis affecting countless families across the country. The well-being of children is a priority for the first lady, and this epidemic affects them in many different ways so she requested to attend today s briefing. For someone who cares so much about children, it would be great if Melania would show some concern about the innocent children who would be killed if Trump gets us into a nuclear war with North Korea. Trump has now been threatening and bullying North Korea for two days now on Twitter, and the situation only continues to get uglier with time.Together, Trump and Melania are the most incompetent, ineffective and dangerous couple the White House has ever housed. If former POTUS Barack Obama would have been behaving as recklessly as Trump is right now, you can bet that Michelle Obama would have pulled the plug on this right from the start.Read more:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
606, Walmart Forced To Apologize After Store Tells Kids To ‘Own The School’ With Guns,"Walmart s back to school advertising took a pretty horrible turn at a location in Evansville, Indiana.The big box chain has never been apologetic about its incessant need to make guns readily available to customers, but many felt the store went too far with a  Back to School  display encouraging kids to  Own the school year like a hero. Let s see if you can spot what has people  up in arms  so to speak:~ Just Walmart Things ~ pic.twitter.com/hdlpG7JMYW  Frank Passalacqua (@randomfrankp) August 9, 2017That s right. It s the color of the backdrop. The lighter blue clashes with everything in the photo, especially the gigantic display case of guns.For any thinking person viewing the display, it serves as a reminder of the school shootings that regularly plague our nation thanks to the NRA and Republicans  resistance to any form of sensible gun control.To Republicans, guns should just be in school anyway.Walmart still refuses to say a word about the easy availability of guns. but their social media person hopped on to do some damage control about the sign. This sign had no business there and was taken down as soon as we were alerted,  a spokesperson calling himself  Dean  tweeted in response to the photo.  We are very sorry. Yes, this is terrible, Jordan. This sign had no business there and was taken down as soon as we were alerted. We are very sorry. -Dean  Walmart (@Walmart) August 9, 2017While it s good that Walmart apologized, it s important to remember that you can still walk into most of their stores to pick up eggs, milk, and anything from a shotgun to an assault rifle.Read more:Featured image via screengrab",0
607, Totally-Not-Running-For-President Pence Signals Yet Again He’s Running For President,"Speculation about Vice-President Mike Pence s political aspirations to position himself in Trump s Oval Office chair will likely get another jolt after it was reported that he tapped campaign operative, Nick Ayers, to be his chief of staff.Ayers spent months quietly bending Pence s ear to warn him that Donald Trump s troubles could cause collateral damage and that he needed to take a more aggressive position on a range of issues in order to ensure that he enters the post-Trump era on solid ground, according to two White House officials, Politico reports.There s been a lot of speculation that Pence will run in 2020 if Trump cannot, considering that his boss is plagued with scandals while only on the job for 7 months. Even political satirist Andy Horowitz wrote a piece titled,  Mike Pence considering running for president in 1820. But, President Pence emphatically denied the possibility of a 2020 run.In a statement released by the White House, Pence said Sunday s story in The New York Times  is disgraceful and offensive to me, my family, and our entire team.  He added that  the allegations in this article are categorically false. However, just before Anthony Scarmucci was kicked of Trump Island as the White House communications director, he suggested to New Yorker writer Ryan Lizza that the Vice-President can t believe what s going on with his boss. Why do you think Nick s there, bro?  Scaramucci told Lizza in an interview last month, shortly before being fired.  Are you stupid? Why is Nick there? Nick s there to protect the Vice-President because the Vice-President can t believe what the f*ck is going on. On top of that, Pence is headed to Latin America after requesting to secure 700 visas for his team.A diplomatic source called the number of visas  curious  because it dwarfed even the advance teams for President Barack Obama s trip to Brazil, Chile and El Salvador combined in 2011.But yeah, he s totally not preparing to sit in the Oval Office. Nope. Not at all. How long will it take before Trump lashes out at his Vice-President? We re pretty sure he cannot fire Pence. Another question: How much does/did Pence know about the Russia scandal as it happened? He might be a bigoted jerkface but he s not stupid.Whatever you do, do NOT tweet Donald Trump to ask about President Pence. That would be wrong and we never do wrong things here.Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images.",0
608, Activists Brilliantly Troll Chickenhawk Trump Behind The White House (IMAGES),"Astute CBS reporter Rebecca Shabad couldn t possibly have been the first person to notice the giant inflatable chicken currently on display behind the White House, but she was the first person to tweet about it:BREAKING: There's an inflatable chicken with Trump's hair behind the White House pic.twitter.com/CPzyHeAixA  Rebecca Shabad (@RebeccaShabad) August 9, 2017I don t know if Ms. Shabad remembers that chicken, but it looks like it s been resurrected (reinflated?) from the props used by the Tax Day marchers back in April. Danelle Morton, writing for Slate, described the inception of the Trump Chickens, which she found for sale in China a month earlier:A bit restless, I began Googling around for a symbol grotesque enough for our cause, something bloated that would block out the sky like a Macy s Thanksgiving Day balloon. I punched in  TRUMP BALLOON  into the search bar and discovered the Trump chicken: a huge inflatable rooster that bore an uncanny resemblance to Donald Trump.For China s Lunar New Year celebration, which kicked off the Year of the Rooster, inflatable versions of the Trump rooster could be found all over China. The Chinese, of course, aren t very happy with Trump, who taunted China on the campaign trail and flirted with Taiwan during the transition. The inflatable  Trump Rooster Cock as a listing on Alibaba, China s equivalent of Amazon, calls it mocked his bluster with its swooping butterscotch pompadour and tiny hands shaped to mimic the way the president pinches his fingers   Some of the inflatables were gigantic, as tall as 60 feet.I couldn t believe what I d found. In China this may be the  Trump Rooster Cock,  but in America it would be the Trump chicken.It was glorious:Yin Ming/Imagine ChinaYin Ming/Imagine ChinaWelcome back, Trump Rooster Cock. You re just in time to watch a little chickenhawk try to weasel his way out of the threats he s making.Read more:Featured image via Eric Thayer/Getty Images",0
609," Allies Abroad: Trump Is A ‘Laughingstock,’ Childishly ‘Obsessed With Obama’","Most of us in the U.S. are well aware of Donald Trump s extreme obsession with former President Barack Obama, but now we know that foreign diplomats are privy to that, too. Top-ranking European officials, speaking on the condition of anonymity, told BuzzFeed News what they think of Trump and what their chief concerns were. Trump s erratic and unpredictable Twitter use was brought up as well. Also discussed was Trump s lack of a strong, experienced team around him.In total, six top European government officials who ve had firsthand dealings on the international stage with Trump and his administration were interviewed by BuzzFeed and their views are consistent.At international gatherings, Trump is described as  something of a laughing stock. Trump could send a tweet in the middle of the night pissing off Kim Jong Un. And the next morning we wake up to a world on the brink of war,  one diplomat said.That observation was made before Trump tried to start a nuclear war on Twitter so we can only imagine how he or she feels now.One of the officials went as far as to say that a small group of diplomats play a version of word bingo whenever Trump speaks because they consider his vocabulary to be so limited.  Everything is  great ,  very, very great ,  amazing ,  the diplomat said of Trump s vocabulary.But there s also a fear among our allies that Trump is dangerous. He has no historical view. He is only dealing with these issues now, and seems to think the world started when he took office,  a diplomat told BuzzFeed News.  He thinks that NATO existed only to keep the communists out of Europe. He has a similar attitude in Asia-Pacific with Japan, ignoring that the US basically wrote their constitution. The diplomats said they also believe that Trump s foreign policy is chiefly driven by an obsession with unraveling former President Barack Obama s policies, and we ve pretty much seen that, too, here in the U.S. It s his only real position,  one official said.  He will ask:  Did Obama approve this?  And if the answer is affirmative, he will say:  We don t.  He won t even want to listen to the arguments or have a debate. He is obsessed with Obama. Another diplomat said that it s impossible to discuss serious international issues, such as Libya, with Trump. They have growing concerns because they re still struggling to find someone in his administration to engage with because meeting with Trump has proved to be  basically useless. He s not the kind of person you can have a discussion about how to deal with [Fayez] al-Sarraj [the prime minister of Libya],  the official added.  So you look for people around him, and that is where it s a problem: The constant upheaval, it s unclear who has influence, who is close to the president. We feel their pain. We witnessed Trump s obsession and profound jealousy of Obama when he tried to claim that our country s first black President is really a sneaky Muslim from Kenya. The former reality show star tried to delegitimize Obama but he failed to do so because facts got in his way. That s still the main problem with Trump. He s adverse to facts. But, he did sell himself on the campaign trail to people who thought they could stick it to liberals by siding with the former reality show star, a man with zero political experience. And here we are, just after 7 months after Trump was sworn in and we could break out in a nuclear war at any minute. Conservatives sure showed us with their MAGA and Pepe memes, didn t they?Read more:Photo by Sean Rayford/Getty Images",0
610, Obama Admin Official Just Humiliated Trump By Calling Out His Nuclear Weapons Lie,"Wednesday morning, Donald Trump started his day off just like any normal bizarre despot, with tweets celebrating the world s fear and outrage at his nuclear threats toward North Korea. He retweeted Fox & Friends on Twitter no less than three times for their breathless coverage of his manly escapades. But in the middle of his bluster, Trump forgot once again that the internet is a forever place, where no facts are ever lost, except to the swirling vortex of a Trump supporter s mind.Perhaps he was relying on that very fact   that his supporters will believe anything he says   when he made a claim about his first order as president. In a pair of tweets continuing the theme of the day, Trump asserted that he was responsible for the modernization of our nuclear program:My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 9, 2017 Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 9, 2017Unfortunately for Trump, he s wrong on two counts. Not only was that not his first order   that was on Obamacare   but it wasn t even him that began the renovation and modernization process. That would be the guy before him. Ben Rhodes, the former foreign policy adviser to Barack Obama, was quick to point out Trump s lie:It's literally impossible for Trump to have changed our nuclear arsenal in 6 months. Alarming thing to lie about. https://t.co/9cizhVLJAU  Ben Rhodes (@brhodes) August 9, 2017So we all have to rally around the leader because he decided to threaten North Korea with nuclear destruction. Get ready for more of this. https://t.co/P5STDMVWMy  Ben Rhodes (@brhodes) August 9, 2017Boasting about the size of our nuclear arsenal and sending aides out to demand we rally around the leader is chilling. And it's only month 7  Ben Rhodes (@brhodes) August 9, 2017It s not the first time Trump has lied about things he s done, and it certainly won t be the last. But the fact that this is a lie about nukes makes it a little more alarming and indicates that Trump truly doesn t understand the gravity of the situation. Already, we re seeing reports from aides saying that Trump wasn t actually serious in making his nuclear threats. But this isn t something to be taken lightly.What s more, there s plenty of reason to be concerned about the very first thing Trump did do regarding our nuclear arsenal, in case anyone s forgotten. He put a guy he beat in the primary by calling him a dumbass in charge of it.Read more:Featured image via Pete Souza/Getty/White House Handout",0
611," Trump Aides Scramble, Say Donald Trump’s Threats Weren’t Serious, ‘Just His Mood’","After news broke that Kim Jong Un might be capable of launching a nuclear attack on American soil, Donald Trump escalated the ongoing conflict between the United States and North Korea when he threatened to respond with  fire and fury.  The North Korean leader responded by threatening to attack the American territory of Guam, possibly preemptively.But Trump s aides say that we are making a mountain out of a molehill and there is really no need for all of us to be scared shitless. According to the White House, Trump didn t really mean it when he threatened nuclear war and we shouldn t take his threats seriously because he was just in a bad mood.""Fire and fury"" from yesterday was not carefully vetted language from Trump, per several ppl with knowledge. ""Don't read too much into it.""  Josh Dawsey (@jdawsey1) August 9, 2017So, see folks? Nothing to worry about here. He wasn t serious about blasting the whole world to smithereens. He was just cranky.The New York Times reports:Among those taken by surprise, they said, was John F. Kelly, the retired four-star Marine general who has just taken over as White House chief of staff and has been with the president at his golf club in Bedminster, N.J., for his working vacation.The president had been told about a Washington Post story on North Korea s progress in miniaturizing nuclear warheads so that they could fit on top of a ballistic missile, and was in a bellicose mood, according to a person who spoke with him before he made the statement.But here s the thing. Donald Trump is at least supposed to be the President of the United States dammit. It doesn t matter what mood you re in when you re the leader of the free world dammit. You can t just start World War III because somebody peed in your cornflakes that morning. It doesn t work that way. Trump s  moods  and lack of any sort of discipline or self-control are going to get a lot of people killed if he doesn t learn when to shut his big mouth.Read more:Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
612," IT’S ON: Toddler Trump Hears Critical McConnell Statements, Promptly Starts To Lose It (TWEETS)","Mitch McConnell famously   or infamously, depending where you stand on the political spectrum   attacked Donald Trump on Monday, putting blame for Republican dysfunction and failure to pass Trumpcare squarely on the shoulders of Dear Leader.Well, apparently Trump didn t take too kindly to what he likely perceives as a backstabbing   and he s letting McConnell know about it the only way he knows how: Twitter.Here s the tweet Trump fired back with:Senator Mitch McConnell said I had ""excessive expectations,"" but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal & Replace, why not done?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 9, 2017 Senator Mitch McConnell said I had  excessive expectations,  but I don t think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal & Replace, why not done? Here s the video of the McConnell statement he s referring to: Speaking to Rotary club in Kentucky, @SenateMajLdr says he finds it  extremely irritating  that Congress has a reputation for doing nothing. pic.twitter.com/zAx1TqkAWw  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) August 8, 2017While they dither about whose fault it is their party has every branch of government and yet still cannot accomplish much, reality has the answer: The Republican Party has no idea how to lead. They have formed their modern identity as the anti-Democrat, anti-Obama, anti-progress party, and that platform doesn t allow for things like  ideas,   cooperation,  or  leadership.  And with a an amateur clown and do-nothing testudine running the show, that doesn t look likely to change anytime soon.Read more:Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
613, The Sleazy Shot Trump Just Took At Manafort Proves He’s Terrified,"It was just revealed today that Federal agents conducted a pre-dawn raid late last month at a house owned by former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and that has apparently sent a chill down Donald Trump s spine because his former colleague could flip on him. And it should because of Manafort s dubious past. Trump s former campaign chairman also attended the meeting last year at Trump Tower with a Russian lawyer who promised damaging information on Hillary Clinton. Donald Trump Jr. released emails last month which detailed how that meeting was arranged. Jared Kushner, Trump s son-in-law, also attended the meeting.For years, Trump has been in bed with the National Enquirer, a fake news rag sold in supermarkets.Just after the Manafort news was reported, the Enquirer tweeted out their latest hit-post,  Donald Trump Advisor Paul Manafort Caught Up In Sick Sex Scandal! Donald Trump Advisor Paul Manafort Caught Up In Sick Sex Scandal! https://t.co/Z0CHJWIzjQ pic.twitter.com/dTCPiCSFyZ  National Enquirer (@NatEnquirer) August 9, 2017We re not going to link to the tabloid, but you can follow the link in the tweet if you want IQ points sucked out of your head.Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough, the hosts of MSNBC s  Morning Joe,  published an op-ed in The Washington Post in late June claiming that top White House staffers had threatened them with a negative story in the National Enquirer unless the hosts begged President Donald Trump to stop it.In late 2016, the Wall Street Journal reported that the tabloid shielded Trump from a Playboy model s claims of an affair with the former reality show star.Trump has also wondered why the National Enquirer hasn t won a Pulitzer Prize and yet, he s the same guy who rants about  fake news .The breaking  news  from the tabloid follows a pattern and it s obvious what they re doing. Yeah, Manafort is a sleaze but so is Trump. After all, Trump s reading list includes a tabloid that previously published a post alleging that Hillary Clinton has brain cancer. The tabloid geniuses knew this because of her  eye movements. Trump just threw Manafort under the Mueller bus.Read more:Photo by Justin Merriman/Getty Images.",0
614, It’s Happening: FBI Carries Out Predawn Raid On Trump Associate’s Home (DETAILS),"As Donald Trump finds himself plagued with scandals, the walls are starting to close in around him and we can thank special counsel Robert Mueller for that. Federal agents conducted a pre-dawn raid late last month at a house owned by former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort.The Washington Post reports that the FBI raided Manafort s home in Alexandria, Virginia, with agents armed with a search warrant that they used to seize documents and  other materials,  the Washington Post reports. The search warrant was wide-ranging and FBI agents working with special counsel Robert S. Mueller III departed the home with various records,  the Post writes.  The raid came as Manafort has been voluntarily producing documents to congressional committees investigating Russia s interference in the 2016 presidential election. The search warrant indicates investigators may have argued to a federal judge they had reason to believe Manafort could not be trusted to turn over all records in response to a grand jury subpoena. It s possible that Mueller is trying to get Manafort to flip on Trump and his associates:Manafort s allies fear that Mueller hopes to build a case against Manafort unrelated to the 2016 campaign, in hopes that the former campaign operative would provide information against others in Trump s inner circle in exchange for lessening his own legal exposure.Manafort might want to consider a deal with Mueller, after all, it was previously revealed that he worked for a pro-Russian political party in Ukraine.On March 22, The Associated Press reported that Manafort was paid the hefty sum of $10 million between 2006 and 2009 to lobby on behalf of Russian billionaire Oleg Deripaska, a close ally of Vladimir Putin s. The New York Times reported recently that Manafort was indebted to pro-Russian interests as late as last year. Investigators are also probing whether Manafort engaged in money laundering.It was also revealed that Manafort was indebted to pro-Russian interests and investigators have been probing whether Manafort engaged in money laundering, according to The Wall Street Journal.Manafort served as Trump s campaign chairman for several months before he was ousted over his ties to Kremlin-backed political figures in Ukraine. Manafort is one of the key figures in the investigation as to whether Trump s campaign had ties with Russian officials.Manafort also attended the meeting last year at Trump Tower with a Russian lawyer who promised damaging information on Hillary Clinton. Donald Trump Jr. released emails last month which detailed how that meeting was arranged.So, if it s Mueller s intention to get someone to flip, Manafort would likely be his target.Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images.",0
615, Trump Brags About How Powerful America’s Nuclear Arsenal Is In Scary Twitter Post,"Donald Trump continued escalating his rhetoric on nuclear weapons Wednesday morning in a boast that should concern every American.The reality of a potential nuclear holocaust hasn t been this worrisome since the Cuban Missile Crisis. Except the threat isn t coming from the Russians this time, but our own president.On Tuesday, Trump threatens to rain  fire and fury  upon North Korea, which resulted in Kim Jong-Un threatening to bomb Guam.Trump s irresponsible threats made the country gasp in horror. After all, Trump has been obsessed with nuclear weapons since the 2016 campaign and is mentally unstable enough that he may actually use them to retaliate against even the smallest personal slight against him.Hillary Clinton was right when she warned that,  A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons. On Wednesday morning, Trump bragged about America s nuclear arsenal on his Twitter feed and promised that America would remain the most powerful nation on Earth because of it. He even had the audacity to claim that he is responsible for the renovation of the arsenal.My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 9, 2017 Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 9, 2017For the record, it was President Obama who ordered a sweeping renovation of America s nuclear arsenal in 2014. So once again, Trump gets caught taking credit for something President Obama did.In addition, Donald Trump must not be aware that Russia has more nuclear weapons than the United States.And, finally, America s nuclear arsenal does not make us the most powerful nation in the world. It now makes us the number one threat against it because of Trump.Forcing Trump out of office has never been more important than it is right now. Because failure to do so could result in trying to survive a nuclear apocalypse caused by a petulant child.Read more:Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
616, 10 Reasons Donald Trump And Kim Jong-Un Are Basically The Same Person,"There are no two crazy people ever mentioned more in the news than the leaders of West and East, Donald Trump and Kim Jong-Un. For the citizens of America and North Korea, unfortunately, no two crazy leaders are more alike. From out-of-control hair to ludicrous proclamations, Trump and Kim are like brothers from another (deeply disturbed) mother.We thought we d take a look at some of the ways the two are alike, starting with what we ve already mentioned Kim Jong-Un was the undisputed world champion of insanity until right around the middle of Trump s run at the presidency here in the United States. How could anyone compete with Kim s reclamation of one half hour from the Japanese on August 15, 2015, 96 years after the Korean dignitary says Japan  stole time  from North Korea? It s hard to keep up with a man who learned to drive at only age three.Trump does his best, though. On day one of his presidency, he insisted that it stopped raining just as he began to give his inaugural address   which was news to those in attendance getting wet as it began raining at precisely that moment. That same day, Donald looked out at a crowd roughly half the size of the previous inauguration to take place and declared it  the biggest crowd at any inauguration, ever. Kim is famous for using doctored video to fake missile launches, a  show  of his military prowess and resolve. Trump prefers to lie the old-fashioned way: by just making shit up and hoping nobody calls him on it. We don t actually have room here for a more complete documentation of all of the outright lies from either Toddler Tyrant, but rest assured that the lists are extensive. although their rallies look slightly different:Uniforms, flowers, and colorful dresses line the streets of North Ko-razy (Pool/Getty)Fans display a makeshift sign made of used beer cases (Justin Merriman/Getty)In July, upon release of the Hwasong 14 missile, Kim (who is literally never seen out of uniform) reportedly  expressed satisfaction, saying it looked as handsome as a good-looking boy and was well made. Just one month earlier, Trump was waxing romantic about his own terrible toys, pitching the sale of  beautiful military equipment because nobody makes it like the United States  while he was in the Middle East. There was no uniform for Trump that day, but only because he wasn t on an aircraft carrier.Remember that time Kim Jong-Un said,  It would be perfect for Obama to live with a group of monkeys in the world s largest African natural zoo and lick the breadcrumbs thrown by spectators  through the Korean Central News Agency?I d pretty much put an equals sign between that and the time Trump told the former president of Trump Plaza Hotel & Casino that  laziness is a trait in blacks. Frankly, that s gross, so I m not going to spend a whole lot of time on this entry, other than to say that Trump s  you can do anything  looks exactly the same to me as Kim s  Pleasure Squad. So this one s kind of misleading: Kim Jong-Un inherited a State Media from his dad. They pretty much just say whatever he tells them to say, and he has the final word on whether anything anyone in his country ever says makes it into print. There is no internet for regular citizens in North Korea.Trump, on the other hand, is trying to get there by delegitimizing our constitutionally-protected press and supporting television programming that serves as propaganda.Maybe you ve heard of some of North Korea s brutal executions for  crimes  as petty as falling asleep during an event. But do you remember that time Donald Trump took out full-page ads in every paper in New York calling for the execution of the  Central Park Five,  a group of teenage boys who were coerced into confessing to a rape they didn t commit? They were completely exonerated by DNA evidence, and reimbursed $41 million by the state for their ordeal. Trump reiterated his belief that the boys (then men) were guilty as recently as 2016.  What were they doing in the Park, playing checkers?  he tweeted a few years back. To recap the last four horrid sentences: Trump wanted the death penalty for a non-capital crime that the people didn t commit.How could I forget this one? Although we don t know the extent of Kim Jong-Un s corruption, we can make a pretty educated guess, based on the fact that like his father before him, he lives like a king while the citizens of North Korea literally eat sawdust to keep from starving.Trump s corruption, however, can be more accurately tracked because there are websites dedicated to chronicling it all. I would hate to see the internet run out of available pages, though, so hopefully we get rid of this guy soon. In fact, he never should have been president in the first place, because like all fascists The Kim family, of course, has always been in power in the secretive kingdom. But that doesn t stop them from  electing  their leaders   who run unopposed, of course.Trump s dark ties to Russia, however, may prove to be the end of his presidency. For all the indignity we ve suffered in even allowing Donald Trump to assume the presidency of the United States, we at least still have a constitution and some semblance of democracy. And we have something North Koreans don t: Bob Muller and a grand jury.I m sure you could comment on this with more examples of similarities between the two Supreme Leaders. In fact, feel free! But bookmark the page for when you get into arguments on the internet   there are a lot of useful links in this article. In fact, forward this thing to your right-wing uncle, and tell him to click everything he sees.It can t possibly hurt him to know his favorite politician is basically a crazy Asian dictator.Read more:Featured image via Wikimedia Commons",0
617," Sean Hannity Swears He’ll ‘Stop Petty Political Disagreements For 12 Hours,’ Miserably Fails (TWEETS)","For some unknown reason, Sean Hannity decided he had to prove to the world just how traumatized he is by the rising tensions between the United States and North Korea.Donald Trump declared on Tuesday that  North Korea best not make any more threats  or else  they will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen.  So naturally (not), Hannity tweeted out that he was ceasing all  petty political disagreements for at least [the] next 12 hours  in light of the current conflict and challenged others to do the same.In light of dangerous NKorea threat, I'm stopping all petty political disagreements for at least next 12 hours. Let's see what others do.  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) August 8, 2017That tweet went out at just after three o clock this afternoon. How long do you think Hannity made it before breaking his solemn Twitter vow? (Hint, he already did.) Eight hours. Hannity barely made it eight hours before losing his sh*t and viciously attacking Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.@SenateMajLdr No Senator, YOU are a WEAK, SPINELESS leader who does not keep his word and you need to Retire! https://t.co/X85QQV3WOG  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) August 9, 2017What did you expect? Did you really think Hannity could hold it together for 12 whole hours? Nah, neither did I. Other Twitter users were quick to mock Hannity s inability to stick to his own pledge.Looks like someone doesn't know how long 12 hours is pic.twitter.com/8jKultKIEX  David C. (@davidalancrow) August 9, 2017Well THAT was the shortest 12 hours in history.  JoeMyGod (@JoeMyGod) August 9, 2017Do we need to get you a Mickey Mouse watch Sean. You know, so you can time out 12 hrs on his hands?  Neville (@1FightingIrish) August 9, 2017Those hours went by quick ? pic.twitter.com/YxKUIShc9D  Felichia Eaton (@FelichiaEaton) August 9, 2017And scene wrapped early so everyone can call it a night. #FireHannity  Tate (@TateTaters1971) August 9, 2017Lyin' @seanhannity couldn't even make it 8 hours  Sad! pic.twitter.com/0Bf5eDCbGg  Liberal Cynic (@Liberal_Cynic) August 9, 2017Finally, regarding Hannity s actual message regarding McConnell, I have to agree with this guy. Hell just froze over because I actually agree with Sean f*cking Hannity, it is long past time for McConnell to go.Wow! Hell Just Froze, I Agree With Hannity!?!Turtle Needs To Go!His Career Is A Big Fat Zero! pic.twitter.com/4HAbTgq9gY  TrumpIsMeltingDown (@dumptrumptrain) August 9, 2017Featured image via Paul Zimmerman/Stringer/Getty Images",0
618, George Takei’s Latest Twitter Poem Roasts Trump’s Idiotic North Korea Statement To Perfection (TWEET),"George Takei has been on a social media role since the start of the Trump era, providing astute commentary with a brilliant wit that has made him beloved to millions. His latest Twitter poem   something he does fairly often   might be one of my favorite posts of his yet.Here it is:The crisis has grown very direTrump threatens with fury and fireSo before war's begunAgainst Kim Jong-unWe'd better make Donnie retire  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) August 9, 2017 The crisis has grown very dire Trump threatens with fury and fire So war s begun Against Kim Jong-un We d better make Donnie retire I d say we re all thinking something pretty similar! Or, at least, according to the latest polling, an overwhelming majority of us are (sorry Trump fans, but those are the facts).Here are a few of his other latest Twitter poems:You tweet us ad nauseumMueller's not tricked cause of 'emSo tweet your memoirsDuring years behind barsYou no doubt'll serve lots of 'em  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) August 8, 2017Happy Bday oh dearest ObamaThanks for 8 yrs of no dramaFor your wisdom and strengthFor sparing no lengthAnd no daily national trauma  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) August 5, 2017Things just went south in a hurryNow that they've sat a grand jurySubpoenas galoreI've popcorn. Want more?As karma unleashes its fury.  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) August 4, 2017Putin tried this n that hackeeInstalling a personal lackeyIt's since come to passWe sanctioned his assWhile Trump is increasingly wacky  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) August 2, 2017Keep it up, George! You can bet it pisses Trump off every time he sees one, considering how thin his skin is.Read more:Featured image via Stephen Lovekin/Getty Images for GLAAD",0
619, Trump Has Been Wanting To Nuke North Korea For At Least 18 Years (VIDEO),"Two man-children with access to nuclear weapons are having a pissing match and the world is hoping and praying that like much of what Donald Trump says, it s all talk. A resurfaced video from 1999, though, shows that Trump has wanted to send nukes to North Korea since at least then, even though that s not what he thinks he wanted.This is what the world saw today from Donald Trump, after reports indicated that North Korea had miniaturized a nuclear warhead that could, in theory, reach the United States: North Korea best not make any more threats to the United States,  Trump said, arms crossed, from his golf resort in Bedminster, New Jersey, on Tuesday.  They will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen. Source: CNNWe don t actually know for sure that North Korea has miniaturized the warhead, or that it s been tested, but nonetheless, Trump seems ready to push that button.We could try to console ourselves by saying that like with his supposed wall, Trump is just talking tough, but this kind of tough talk has been going on for at least 18 years from Trump.A recently resurfaced video of a Meet the Press episode from 1999 shows a far more articulate Trump talking to Tim Russert about North Korea (why the hell was Tim Russert talking to Donald Trump about North Korea is still a mystery). Trump was full of tough talk even then.He began the segment by saying he would  negotiate like crazy  with North Korea.Then Trump just had to throw in a barely veiled racist jab at Washington, D.C. Look Tim, if a man walks up to you in a street in Washington because this doesn t happen of course in New York and puts a gun to your head and says  give me your money,  wouldn t you rather know where he was coming from before he had the gun in his hand? Trump went on to predict that in three to four years, North Korea would have nuclear weapons pointed at the United States. They didn t. They still don t. He then said,  we can talk about the economy, we can talk about social security, but the biggest problem the world has is nuclear proliferation.  Of course, that was before DT took over the Oval Office.Trump quickly pivoted from negotiation to a preemptive strike, to which Russert noted that a former Secretary of Defense, Les Aspin, said that the nuclear fallout from a preemptive strike would be  devastating to the Asian Peninsula. Trump then clutched his chest, saying,  I m not talking about us using nuclear weapons. I m saying that they have areas where they re developing missiles. Russert interrupted Trump to say that by taking out their nuclear missiles, it would create the fallout, no matter who sent the weapons.Trump then began to get belligerent, saying we need to do something or in five years, they would have nuclear weapons  all over the place.  Again, they didn t and they don t. But Trump now has access to the largest military in the world and one of the largest nuclear arsenals in the world. Every Asian country, including our largest trading partner, China, is now either publicly or privately terrified and now that we know that Trump has been sitting on this fantasy for at least 18 years, we should all be.Here s the video:Tim Russert interviewing @realDonaldTrump in 1999 about launching a pre-emptive strike against North Korea. Could be key to his thinking. pic.twitter.com/PRbDA9r6Jp  Sven Henrich (@NorthmanTrader) June 20, 2017Read more:Featured image via video screen grab",0
620, ‘Might Have Been Faked By Liberals’: Top Adviser Defends Trump’s Silence On Mosque Bombing,"I mean, that headline, right? Did someone actually say that?At this point, you shouldn t be surprised. Donald Trump is a conspiracy-spouting, heartless, right wing douchebag. Why wouldn t every single member of his administration be? Now, I have a pretty special hate for Steve Bannon, because I have a crippling fear of toad-men (a holdover from a game of charades with my great uncle Eivind when I was eight). But coming in at a very close second for my deep-seeded loathing is Sebastian Gorka, a dude who wears Nazi paraphernalia in public and is probably totally a really real Nazi, you guys.For some reason, news people keep inviting Gorka to come say horrible things on their shows, and he keeps not letting anyone down. Monday, it was MSNBC s Ali Velshi and Stephanie Ruhle who were tasked with tolerating Gorka s condescending bullshit for a few minutes, and he was just full of witty goodness. When the hosts asked him why Donald Trump had not yet made a public statement about the terrorist bombing in Minnesota, you could see the disgust and contempt on his face:There s a great rule: All initial reports are false. You have to check them and find out who the perpetrators are. We ve had a series of crimes committed, alleged hate crimes by right wing individuals in the last six months that turned out to be propagated by the left. Let s allow the local authorities to provide their assessment and then the White House will make its comments.There is a lot to unpack there. I suggest we just focus on the obvious: That there s been exactly one attack  propagated by the left  in the last six months, and it was never at any point presumed to have been a right-winger. Like, we knew within the hour what political campaign the guy had worked for.Let s not do too much separation here, though. Gorka is part and parcel of an administration that would say all the same things, no matter who the talking head was. This is an administration that is seriously trying to pretend like a bomb thrown through a mosque window  might actually have been some Alex Jones-like  false flag  perpetrated by someone on the left.That s despicable. Here s a better question, guys  Why does it matter who did it before you call it terrorism?Watch the exchange here:Read more:Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
621, McCain Opens Up A Can Of Whoop A** On Trump For Threatening North Korea With Nuclear War,"Sen. John McCain is fed up with Donald Trump and his big mouth. Following Trump s ill-advised decision to challenge North Korea with  fire and fury,  the Arizona Republican let him know it in no uncertain terms.Speaking about Trump s latest bluster and bravado regarding nuclear war, McCain told an Arizona radio station that he  takes exception to the president s words because you got to be sure you can do what you say you re going to do.  He then added that he doesn t even know what the hell Trump is talking about anymore. I don t know what he s saying and I ve long ago given up trying to interpret what he says,  McCain said. That kind of rhetoric, I m not sure how it helps. McCain explained that Trump and his ego are going to spark a  serious confrontation  with North Korea. He advised Trump to familiarize himself with former President Teddy Roosevelt s  big stick  policy. In other words, the old walk softly but carry a big stick, Teddy Roosevelt s saying, which I think is something that should ve applied because all it s going to do is bring us closer to a serious confrontation,  McCain warned.  I think this is very, very, very serious. NEW: Sen. McCain reacts to Trump's North Korea threat on local Arizona radio: pic.twitter.com/CGvYGPsHLr  Marianna Sotomayor (@MariannaNBCNews) August 8, 2017Trump seems intent on playing a dangerous game with North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un. After news broke that North Korea is believed to have weapons capable of reaching the United States, Trump decided to double dog dare Kim Jong Un to keep provoking him. North Korea best not make any more threats to the United States,  Trump declared Tuesday. He has been very threatening beyond a normal state, and as I said they will be met with fire, fury and frankly power, the likes of which this world has never seen before. This is terrifying when you take into account the type of  fire and fury  that we have seen. Here s a little reminder in case you have forgotten just what nuclear war actually looks like.The world has seen fire and fury. pic.twitter.com/VVsoRkKuFG  Schooley (@Rschooley) August 8, 2017 Fire and fury  are the last things we need when discussing a nuclear war.Read more:Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
622," In Public, Trump Calls The Investigation A Witch Hunt – In Private He’s Trying To Influence Mueller","Donald Trump just can t help himself. The man who fancies himself the world s greatest deal maker thinks that if he can just talk some mafia-like sense into the people investigating him, everything will be alright. What he doesn t realize is that when he does that with special counsel Robert Mueller, he s just stacking up another crime on top of all of those Mueller is investigating him for.According to Trump s chief counsel, John Dowd, Trump has been sending messages of  appreciation  to Mueller. He appreciates what Bob Mueller is doing,  Trump s chief counsel John Dowd told USA TODAY in an interview Tuesday.  He asked me to share that with him and that s what I ve done. Trump s legal team has been in contact with Mueller s office, and Dowd says he has passed along the president s messages expressing  appreciation and greetings  to the special counsel. The president has sent messages back and forth,  Dowd said, declining to elaborate further.Source: USA TodayHere s the video:We can only guess what that  appreciation  consists of. Perhaps the messages read something like,  we really appreciate all that you ve done for this country. It would sure be a shame if anything were to happen to it. This so-called appreciation seems rather odd, given that Trump seems to be looking for a reason, any reason, to fire Mueller. He s also regularly tweeted that Mueller s investigation was a fraud and a witch hunt.They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2017You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history   led by some very bad and conflicted people! #MAGA  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2017It would actually be surprising if Trump didn t try to influence Mueller. He tried to influence former FBI head James Comey, who he ended up firing.Remember, this is the man who loves to accuse Bill Clinton of trying to influence an investigation by talking to Attorney General at the time, Loretta Lynch on a tarmac.If Trump is trying to influence Mueller, this would be yet another violation of the law, but at this point, Trump doesn t care. He s in so much legal hot water that pouring another cup in the tub isn t that big a deal. Although, this one wouldn t take much investigation.Read more:Featured image of Donald Trump via Pool/Getty Images | Featured image of Robert Mueller via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
623," Trump’s Brilliant Solution To Opioid Crisis: Just Tell Youth ‘No Good, Really Bad For You’ (VIDEO)","The current occupant of the White House has been quiet about his campaign promise to combat the opioid crisis which has swept across the United States. Then he held an ego-rally in West Virginia, one of the states hit hardest by the opioid epidemic.  You have a big problem in West Virginia, and we are going to solve that problem,  Trump told his supporters Thursday night at the rally. He said this in Huntington, West Virginia, in which the city and its surrounding area is estimated by the mayor to have one in 10 residents addicted to opioids.Finally, Trump stepped up to address this devastating issue while he s on his 17-day vacation at his luxury golf club in Bedminster, N.J. Trump unleashed his wisdom on the masses as to how to prevent opioid addiction. He said,  Maybe by talking to youth and telling them  no good, really bad for you.' Watch:Trump on preventing opioid addiction: ""Maybe by talking to youth and telling them 'no good, really bad for you.'"" https://t.co/vYhELawmK3  NBC News (@NBCNews) August 8, 2017Well, jinkies, why didn t anyone ever think of that before? This guy is such a brainiac. He should call this the  Just say no  program and cure the world of drug addiction. Just like that. I mean, who needs Medicaid and access to treatment when you can just tell yourself it s  no good  then BOOM! You re cured! Even worse, the amateur president was reading from prepared notes and that was the best he could come up with.The commission, headed by New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, which the former reality show star appointed to study the epidemic, recommended last week that Trump declare a national emergency, however, its report stressed medical solutions, not law enforcement. We must act boldly to stop it,  the commission wrote.  The opioid epidemic we are facing is unparalleled. So then Trump came up with his brilliant plan to tell addicts that drugs are  really bad for you.  He said that after threatening to start a nuclear war.Then he basically called for a war on drugs (another genius idea that no one has ever come up with before). At the end of 2016, there were 23% fewer federal prosecutions than in 2011, so they looked at this surge and they let it go by,  Trump told reporters.  We re not letting it go by. Trump just let down his base, particularly in rural, lower-income and working areas which have been devastated by the opioid crisis.Read more:Image via screen capture. ",0
624, RNC Chair’s Comment Reveals Why Republicans May Never Turn On Trump,"You almost have to feel sorry for Republicans (almost). They find themselves between a really unpopular president and a party that only rewards those who are perfectly loyal to Dear Orange Leader.Ronna Romney McDaniel, the current head of the Republican National Committee and niece of the last Republican presidential loser, Mitt Romney, says that not supporting Donald Trump should be a cautionary tale for any Republican that ever hopes to win another election.On CNN s Laura Ingraham Show, McDaniel tried to pretend that the RNC stays out of primaries, but that GOP Sen. Jeff Flake was sure to lose because, unlike the toy brown-shirted robots in Congress, he refused to march (at least on paper) to Trump s xenophobic (and generally everything phobic) message.Flake wrote a book called  Conscience of a Conservative: A Rejection of Destructive Politics and a Return to Principle,  a title he only partly stole from Barry Goldwater.Flake dared take on Trump and his own party, saying that Trump is a symptom of a dying party. But make no mistake, as a governing philosophy, conservatism is indeed in crisis   and not in spite of this apparent success but because of it,  later blasting self-described conservatives for changing their political stripes  depending on fashion or the passions of the day or based on how much applause a line in a speech received at a rally. We have given in to the politics of anger   the belief that riling up the base can make up for failed attempts to broaden the electorate,  Flake writes.  These are the spasms of a dying party. Source: NPRNow the party is pissed. McDaniel fell short of threatening Flake, but the implication was clear as day   if Republicans don t support Trump, they will likely lose. They need to have another candidate that they supported and the three RNC members that have to agree on that other candidate for rule 11 to apply, but it is in their bylaws,  McDaniel said.  It s just interesting from a party standpoint, we do have governance. We have 168 members that they make those decisions. Sometimes you get in the nitty gritty, but I will say if you look at 2016, the senators that did not support the President, and let s look at Joe Heck and Kelly Ayotte, they fell short in those Senate races, so there is a cautionary tale there because voters want you to support the President in his agenda. Source: CNNWe should note that Flake votes with Trump 93.5 percent of the time. I guess his conscience is that of a man who wants to sell books.McDaniel, of course, neglects to mention that during the election, Trump s approval ratings were sort of close to 50 percent. Now, he s below 40 percent. Between his inability to negotiate deals of any kind and his efforts to take health insurance away from his own base, people are beginning to turn on him. It s not the same political climate as it was just a few months ago, so seeing the 2016 election as a cautionary tale for anything (other than letting Russians interfere) is pretty much moot.What this does say, though, is that Republicans aren t going to be turning on Trump anytime soon and that impeachment will be an uphill battle, at least if they want the support of their party, which of course, is more important than their country.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
625, GOP Explodes As Mitch McConnell Directly Blames Trump For Republican Failures (DETAILS),"Donald Trump has absolutely ravaged the reputation of the Republican Party, and conservatives know it. Their failure to repeal and replace Obamacare was a multi-failure disaster that made the GOP the laughingstock of politics, with Trump championing the train wreck. Now, Republicans are desperate to save the last remaining strands of dignity the party might have, and some are throwing Trump under the bus.CNN has just reported that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is blaming Trump for giving the Republican Party a horrible reputation and making them look incompetent and incapable of governing. In a whiny rant in which he complained that Trump is making him look bad, McConnell said: Our new president, of course, has not been in this line of work before. I think he had excessive expectations about how quickly things happen in the democratic process. More specifically, McConnell insisted that the GOP is working just fine. In the same breath, he pointed the finger at Trump s tendency to give the GOP artificial deadlines for legislature. Part of the reason I think people think we re under-performing is because of too many artificial deadlines unrelated to the reality of the legislature which may have not been understood. It s not surprising that McConnell is going after Trump now   he s become increasingly frustrated with Trump s failure to understand how to run a country or how the government actually works. While Trump is certainly to blame for being a total imbecile and having ridiculously unrealistic expectations of what he can actually get done, McConnell s leadership in the Senate has been highly flawed.Of course, McConnell and Trump are not going to take any responsibility for their part and will just keep blaming each other as the GOP continues to crash and burn. We re currently witnessing the ugly breakdown of the Republican Party, and it s a shame that Trump is making sure the rest of America goes down with it.Read more:Featured image via Alex Wong  and Scott Olson / Getty Images",0
626, Trump Just Threatened Nuclear War And The Internet Exploded With Outrage,"Former reality show star Donald Trump has always wanted to get his hands on the nuke button, so naturally, conservatives voted him into power. In December, Trump tweeted,  The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes  then today he threatened nuclear war with North Korea. Trump is itching to get us into another war but he s threatening devastation  like the world has never seen. From his luxury golf course in Bedminster, N.J., Trump told reporters that  North Korea best not make any more threats to the United States. They will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen. He has been very threatening   and I said they will be met with fire, fury and frankly power, the likes of which this world has never seen before. Watch:President Trump: If North Korea makes any more threats to the U.S., ""they will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen"" pic.twitter.com/8dQed79L1W  NBC News (@NBCNews) August 8, 2017The Internet is freaking out, probably because people don t want to die.The world has seen fire and fury. pic.twitter.com/VVsoRkKuFG  Schooley (@Rschooley) August 8, 2017Whelp, planet earth had a good run I guess  David Alston (@Daversa2) August 8, 2017@qjurecic OMG! Please Congress, it is past time to take real action to remove this nut from power!  Terri Ferguson (@TerriFe40448858) August 8, 2017We're all gonna die. https://t.co/5FxLqSdTt6  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) August 8, 2017Basically. pic.twitter.com/37eBkxArek  ((Andrew Challand)) (@AndrewChalland) August 8, 2017Trump is the larger worry. North Korea is a threat but Trump is quicker to act, especially to divert the Russia investigation. Sad times.  Patricia Kelly (@eiretrish) August 8, 2017Just to remind everybody on the day nuclear war has been threatened by the US President, that we are only 8 months in  Howard Rogers (@Pr1nceOfDarknes) August 8, 2017@POTUS You are clueless. Nuclear war is unacceptable & your threats to initiate hellfire jumpstart 25th Amendment  lsilbers (@lsilbers) August 8, 2017 pic.twitter.com/Qnv3GN1xJx  Annalise Brown (@SWFLib) August 8, 2017.@POTUS has completely unchecked authority to start a nuclear war. One call would lead to tweet-length launch codes firing missiles in 2 min https://t.co/8wVY3YHisr  Stephen Young (@StephenUCS) August 8, 2017#KoreanProblem @NicolleDWallace Are we calmly discussing nuclear war? What the F**k is wrong with us? This bozo is over his head!   Robert Spiess  (@chefbob50) August 8, 2017Can you get to DC and stop that madman from starting a nuclear war, someone needs to or he will be the end of us all!Concerned Citizen  Vicky Howard Harris (@Victoria101080) August 8, 2017With two maniacal leaders barking at each other, if either of their threats came to fruition, either the U.S. or North Korea   or North Korea and South Korea   could just attack each other without warning at any given point. Just like that.Trump has his finger on the big red nuke button and he s been dying to try it out. In the past, he has hinted that he would launch a nuclear strike against ISIS but now he s dealing with North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un who is equally crazy.If a North Korean missile manages to make it into the air without being struck down, we d better hope that U.S. and South Korean defenses are ready. At any rate, people will die if a strike is successful.Conservatives wanted to stick it to us because of Barack Obama, a man they detested without cause, so they gave us Donald Trump. Well, they sure showed us a thing or two! If Trump really thought this threat was necessary, he wouldn t remain on his 17-day vacation.Image: screen capture via a gif. ",0
627, Donald Trump Is Acting Just Like Kim Jong: Threatens NK With Nuclear War,"Donald Trump is going to get us in a war, and based on his rhetoric, it s going to be nuclear. Multiple sources confirm that Donald Trump just stated that if North Korean threats continue   as they have for years, with smart leaders downplaying the relatively impotent rage of the rogue nation-state and using diplomacy to de-escalate   they will  be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen. See below:BREAKING: Trump: If NKorea escalates nuclear threat, 'they will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen.'  The Associated Press (@AP) August 8, 2017.@POTUS warns North Korea over continued threats, per TV pool: ""They will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen.""  Mike Memoli (@mikememoli) August 8, 2017Trump said that NK threats will be met with ""fire and fury like the world has never seen"". That sounds like something Kim Jong-Un would say.  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) August 8, 2017pic.twitter.com/haw4yuGpfL  Mark Curtis (@MarkCM07) August 8, 2017Read more:Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
628," The Real, Damning Reason Trump Opened Fire On Blumenthal Via Twitter (DETAILS)","By now you ve seen Donald Trump s absolute Monday meltdown on Twitter, a ten-hour tweeting frenzy that beat every other tirade he s ever had on the social media platform. Trump was cooped up indoors because he really wanted to golf, while still claiming it wasn t a vacation, so he was forced to stay at his New Jersey golf club   and he was rained off the course.But scrambled in with the rest of his nonsense were four tweets about Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut. Four out of thirteen total. That means at least a third of the Orange Babyman s fury was directed at one guy. What could have gotten Trump mad enough for this?Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a phony Vietnam con artist!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017 conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017And did you notice the time gap there? Eight and a half hours passed after the initial spate of Blumenthal tweets, and Trump was still fuming about him.It turns out Trump has more to be upset with Blumenthal over than his supposed lies about Vietnam, and it wasn t just his appearance earlier in the day on CNN s New Day, where he discussed the ongoing investigation into Trump s collusion with Russia.According to a Jeffrey Toobin article in the New Yorker from June 20th, Senator Blumenthal is the Democrat most likely to succeed in having his case against Trump heard regarding violations of the  emoluments clause  of the Constitution. From the article:Other lawsuits against Trump, on emoluments grounds, have been filed, including one by the governments of Maryland and the District of Columbia (none have yet been decided), but Blumenthal believes that his suit will be the one that survives a challenge on standing grounds.  The clause specifically says that the President needs the consent of Congress to receive this money from foreign countries, so he s deprived us of the chance to give our consent,  Blumenthal said.  I think that s enough for us to get into court. Notably, if Judge Emmet Sullivan, of the federal district court in Washington, allows the case to proceed, the plaintiffs may be allowed to obtain Trump s elusive tax returns as part of the discovery process.So there s that. Looks like Mr. PhonyPants McDraftDodger was doing a little projecting about Vietnam because he was afraid of the war Blumenthal is bringing down on him, right here at home.Blumenthal had the last laugh:Mr. President: Your bullying hasn't worked before and it won't work now. No one is above the law.  Richard Blumenthal (@SenBlumenthal) August 7, 2017Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
629, The Anne Frank Center Just Nailed Trump To The Wall For His Latest Hitler-Like Moves,"Donald Trump is clearly enamored with fascism and bigotry. Since he came on the scene as an unlikely presidential contender by calling Mexicans rapists and promising to build a wall along our southern border, people all over the world have been comparing him to Hitler. This has only increased as he has rolled out one bigoted policy after another. During his campaign, he continuously retweeted white supremacists and then hired Steve Bannon as his number one advisor.So, how do you know when the comparisons between Trump and Hitler are just hyperbole and when to take these concerns seriously? Well, when even the Anne Frank Center is pointing out the similarities between Trump s moves and Nazi Germany, it s time to listen up.According to Newsweek, the Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect is  a New York City based non-profit that claims to have been founded by Anne s father in 1959.  And on Tuesday, they posted a list of similarities between Trump and Hitler on Twitter. Included on the list are the following bullet points:This isn t the first time the Anne Frank center has gone after Trump. In February, the organization blasted the alleged president for failing to adequately condemn the anti-Semitism that has been on the uptick in America since the billionaire bigot was elected..@POTUS @realDonaldTrump do not make us Jews settle for crumbs of condescension. What are you going to do about #Antsemitism in @WhiteHouse pic.twitter.com/95Z5GP1OBc  Anne Frank Center (@AnneFrankCenter) February 21, 2017When now fired White House press secretary Sean Spicer argued that Hitler didn t gas the Jews and referred to concentration camps as  Holocaust centers,  the Anne Frank Center issued this blistering response:.@POTUS @realDonaldTrump MUST FIRE SEAN SPICER NOW FOR ENGAGING IN HOLOCAUST DENIAL. OUR STATEMENT BELOW. #Antisemitism #NeverAgain pic.twitter.com/4dB9ESCaZr  Anne Frank Center (@AnneFrankCenter) April 11, 2017Today s tweet concludes by adding that the organization firmly believes  Never Again to any people, and now,  a sentiment that all of us must continue to fight each and every day if we hope to prevent history from repeating itself.Alarming parallels of history escalate. pic.twitter.com/5P708XVa5h  Anne Frank Center (@AnneFrankCenter) August 8, 2017Read more:Featured image via Twitter",0
630, Pat Robertson Is Having A Total Meltdown And It’s All Thanks To Rachel Maddow,"MSNBC s Rachel Maddow has twisted Pat Robertson of the  700 Club  in a knot over her show s ratings which are beating the snot out of Fox News. But just before that, Robertson waded into conspiracy theory territory (while denying that he s a conspiracy theorist) in order to defend Fox News host Eric Bolling over recent allegations that he sent lewd photos to several female colleagues. Then he had a meltdown over Maddow s show, which has almost tripled in ratings, from 849,000 nightly viewers in 2014 to more than 2.3 million in June.The MSNBC host is now the most popular personality in prime-time cable news   a title that has been claimed by Fox News TV hosts since 2001. Well, that was too much for Robertson to handle so he launched into a rant about her ratings (as one does while hosting a religious show). MSNBC is now winning the demographic ratings against Fox, they ve got the demos, which is the 18 to 49 young people, isn t that amazing,  he said. MSNBC, really?  co-host Terry Meeuwsen said in disbelief. Rachel Maddow of all people is number one, but Fox is self-imposed wounds,  said Robertson, who then said that he  applauds Fox News  because  they re doing a great job. Those lawyers better get out of the picture and let the programmers run that network,  Robertson said.Last month, Trump was interviewed by Roberston in which he spoke of repealing Obamacare, foreign policy and, of course, Hillary Clinton. Trump sucked up the airwaves with the right wing Christian leader to take the opportunity to lie without being called out on the show.  But, Pat Roberston is a conspiracy theorist and so is the former reality show star, so hopefully, they went out to eat afterward at Comet Ping Pong, the focus of a debunked right wing conspiracy theorist, to check out the basement together (there is no basement at the pizzeria).Rachel Maddow has been all over the Trump-Russia scandal, increasing her viewership by a hefty percentage.Read more:Image via screen capture. ",0
631, Victims Of Terrorist Attack Question Lack Of Presidential Support,"Minnesota s governor did something the current occupant of the White House cannot do and quickly denounced  an act of terrorism  after a makeshift bomb tore through a mosque early Saturday morning.  What a terrible, dastardly, cowardly terrible act this was that was committed yesterday,  Gov Mark Dayton (D) said.  As someone said in the meeting, if the roles were reversed, it would be called a terrorist attack. And that s what it is, an act of terrorism. Authorities in Bloomington said that no one was injured in the blast at the city s Dar Al-Farooq Islamic Center.If the attack had happened in a white evangelical church during morning prayers by a Muslim, Donald Trump would have used the incident to promote his agenda to ban anyone from that religion from entering the U.S.After lashing out at the media and a Democratic Senator over his military record, Trump has still not addressed the mosque attack which has unnerved the Muslim community.Residents of the state are still waiting for Trump to condemn the attack, but instead, the amateur president is busy rage-tweeting about his critics. Silence on the part of public officials at the national level only serves to empower Islamophobes,  Ibrahim Hooper, a spokesman for the Council on American-Islamic Relations, said in a statement calling for Trump to condemn the attack, according to the Los Angeles Times. We are wondering why President Trump has not tweeted about this,  Asad Zaman, director of the Muslim American Society of Minnesota, told BuzzFeed News.  He seems to want to tweet about security and terror issues. New York Times White House correspondent Glenn Thrush tweeted a statement from the White House Monday but Trump has still not addressed the bombing on U.S. soil.Email from WH on the Minn. Mosque bombing. ""The President has been and is continuing to be updated and we are monitoring situation for now.""  Glenn Thrush (@GlennThrush) August 7, 2017There are no words of compassion from the White House offered to the Muslim community at this terrible time.The FBI tweeted a statement.#FBIMinneapolis UPDATE: Statement from Special Agent In Charge re: Explosion at Dar al Farooq Community Center. pic.twitter.com/Mt5JVeg9Uc  FBI Minneapolis (@FBIMinneapolis) August 7, 2017 While it is fortunate that no lives were lost, and the physical damage is reparable, the FBI recognizes the pain and anger of our communities anytime a place of worship is attacked and we will work hard to hold those responsible accountable,  the statement read.Local officials have condemned the attack but America s  leader  seems to have no knowledge of how to lead. But we re going to go out on a limb here and suggest that their faith has something to do with Trump s silence on the matter.A GoFundMe donation page has raised $73,790 in just two days time to help with repairs to the mosque. A comment under the request for donations reads,  Please don t feel that you re not welcome in this country. You are welcome. I am so sorry this happened to you. The White House may not care, but there are plenty of us who do. The country is waiting for Trump to address this issue or at least just pretend to care. But we wouldn t want to interrupt his undeserved 17-day vacation at his luxury golf course while American citizens are being attacked.Read more:Photo by Ian MacNicol/Getty Images.",0
632, Elderly California Man Just Savaged A GOP Congressman To His FACE,"Republican Rep. Doug LaMalfa (CA) did not have a good time of things Monday when he broke with tradition and showed up to a town hall meeting to face voters.Attendees at the 400 person event showed a special amount of disdain for the Congressman, who recently voted to take health insurance away from millions of Americans   but one elderly gentleman stands out for saying exactly what each and every voter should be saying to each and every Republican who voted to betray the American people.The man, holding a sign reading  Lackey for the Rich,  stood up to LaMalfa, telling him he deserves the same fate to which he would condemn millions of human beings   to  die in pain.   I think that your vote to throw 22 million people off of health is reprehensible and in the service of the rich,  the man told LaMalfa.  I hope you suffer the same painful fate as those millions that you have voted to remove health care from. May you die in pain. Ouch.Some in attendance took issue with this, but the man shot back,  I m not a nice person. We pray for our constituents, too, sir,  LaMalfa told the gentleman, apparently unaware that thoughts and prayers can t replace a lung or a kidney.Watch video of the town hall below:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.10"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));The NSPR news team is live right now in Chico at a town hall meeting with Congressman Doug LaMalfa (R-Richvale) and some of his local constituents. We hope to broadcast the event in its entirety if we can maintain a strong internet connection. The full audio of the meeting will be available at mynspr.org later this morning.Posted by North State Public Radio on Monday, August 7, 2017Featured image via screengrab",0
633, The Leaker-In-Chief Just Tweeted Classified Info To His 35 Million Followers,"We sure Attorney General Jeff Sessions will be all up in this after his promise to stop the leaks coming from the White House. The perpetrator in this instance (and several other instances) is none other the current occupant of the White House. Donald Trump s 17-day vacation at his luxury golf course in Bedminster, N.J. is going swimmingly. Yesterday, as rain poured down, President Bone Spurs began rage-tweeting, seemingly taking out the weather on the media, and attacking a Democratic Senator s military record. On Tuesday morning, the man who said he would have  very little time  to watch TV when elected started retweeting segments from Fox & Friends.One segment the Vacationer-in-Chief retweeted to his 35 million followers reports on U.S. spy agencies detecting two anti-ship missiles being loaded onto a boat by North Korea in recent days.The report attributes  US officials with knowledge of the latest intelligence in the region  and quotes  one official who requested anonymity to discuss sensitive information. Trump routinely bashes anonymous sources, but only when the information is critical of him. When the president disseminates classified info about US spy satellite capabilities based on anonymous sources  Peter Alexander from NBC News tweeted.  Old enough to remember when US sent a man to prison for leaking a story like this. Now it gets an RT from POTUS,  wrote Josh Gernstein, a Politico reporter covering the White House, according to BuzzFeed.When the president disseminates classified info about US spy satellite capabilities based on anonymous sources. ? pic.twitter.com/rmJitYRUBR  Peter Alexander (@PeterAlexander) August 8, 2017When Nikki Haley was asked on Fox about the spy satellite report on North Korea, she said she can t discuss classified information.  I can t talk about anything that s classified. And if that s in the newspaper that s a shame,  she said. Well, it s all over the news NOW, isn t it?Watch:Nikki Haley says she can't talk about the story Donald Trump retweeted this morning: ""I can't talk about anything that's classified"" pic.twitter.com/7kWjJGs3tQ  Amber Jamieson (@ambiej) August 8, 2017 I have no reason to comment on it,  she said just before bashing leakers who put lives in danger. It s interesting that the panel of Fox & Friends seemed unnerved by leakers after they just leaked sensitive information which the amateur president happily tweeted this his millions of followers. We suggest she give Donald Trump a stern talking to.We suggest UN Ambassador Nikki Haley give Donald Trump a stern talking to.Read more:Photo by Isaac Brekken/Getty Images.",0
634, Senator Who Has Accomplished Nothing Is Very Upset People Think He’s Accomplished Nothing,"Mitch McConnell is not a happy man. That s probably true in general, especially considering he wakes up every morning only to find a bespectacled testudine in the mirror when he goes to brush his beak teeth. But speaking to a Rotary Club in his home state of Kentucky on Monday, poor Mitch seemed even more glum than usual. If you can imagine, his mood was darker than the night John McCain cut McConnell s healthcare bill down the belly with a Caesarean thumbs-down on the Senate floor.Why was he so upset? The Senate Majority Leader is mad because people just don t understand how government works. Specifically, they don t get the fact that legislation is apparently glacial in progress when he s involved. ABC News caught a little of McConnell s speech to the rotarians: I m not gonna ask for a show of hands, but I know everybody s saying we ve been there, haven t done anything. Which, uh, I find  Extremely irritating. Do go on, Mitch. And I m gonna tell you why. Now Congress goes on for two years. And part of the reason, I think, that the storyline is that we haven t done much is because, in part, because the president and others have set these early timelines about   things need to be done by a certain point. I bet this is the part where Mitch says Donald Trump is new to this job! Let me get some popcorn, because this is about to ge  ZZZZZZZZZZZZZ Now our new president has of course not been in this line of work before, and I think had excessive expectations about how quickly things happen in the democratic process. And so part of the reason I think people feel like we re under-performing is because too many kind of artificial deadlines unrelated to the reality and the complexity of legislating may not have been fully understood. What?!? Nothing about Democrats screwing everything up? And of course our political adversaries love to say that any time. That s better. And I bet it felt good to get all that nasty butthurt off his chest, too.You still haven t accomplished anything though, dumbass. President Barack Obama was handed his first bill to sign nine days after his inauguration. I mean, I guess he had  been in this line of work before,  although Republicans sure were loath to admit it. Still, nine days kinda belies that whole  reality and complexity of legislating  thing.You can watch Mitch whine here:Speaking to Rotary club in Kentucky, @SenateMajLdr says he finds it ""extremely irritating"" that Congress has a reputation for doing nothing. pic.twitter.com/zAx1TqkAWw  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) August 8, 2017Read more:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
635," Breaking: MAJOR Action Taking Place At Trump Tower As Activists Project Messages, Demonstrate (IMAGES)","By now, everyone knows that Donald Trump is up to his eyeballs in Russian scandals. Anyone who is smart enough not to believe Team Trump s bullsh*t about the Special Counsel investigation into potential collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians during the 2016 presidential election being a  hoax,  a  witch hunt,  and  fake news  is definitely paying attention.Well, now, some activists in New York City have made sure to remind everyone just what is up with Trump s mysterious inability to criticize Russian autocrat Vladimir Putin. They have projected amazing images onto Trump Tower in SoHo. One is a photo of Vladimir Putin. Another is a message to Special Counsel Robert Mueller when it comes to investigating Trump s finances that says,  FOLLOW THE MONEY. Here are those images:It seems that the activist is willing to self-identify, and posted this video to Twitter:Hi @realDonaldTrump, I'm projecting #followthemoney on the SoHo Trump hotel. On #nationaldollarday of all days. https://t.co/5neeXq57kx  robin bell (@bellvisuals) August 8, 2017Of course, Mueller is definitely smart enough not to adhere to Trump s so-called  red line  when it comes to taking the probe in the direction of Trump s own personal finances, as well as those regarding his business dealings through the Trump Organization. In fact, like most cops, Trump s infantile demands will likely make Mueller MORE curious about any financial ties Trump may have to the Russians or other foreign powers.These activists are beyond brave. Trump and his people will be furious, and they are quite powerful right now. However, this is what freedom and speaking truth to power looks like. Keep it up, folks, and, yes   follow the money.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
636," Three Days Before Trump Calls For More Police Brutality, Young Protester Is Violently Removed From Trump Rally","During his bizarre  rally  in Youngstown, Ohio, Donald Trump did what he does best: Campaign for a position he already holds. It s become a distressingly common occurrence to see Trump holding giant gatherings that seem to serve no purpose other than to gather crowds of his supporters together in one place. He doesn t generally issue any policy proclamations, but when he does, they are invariably of the sort specifically tooled to please his rabid supporters.No matter what he says, though, it s going to get ironic. Take Youngstown. At the opening of the rally, after his supporters finished chanting  CNN SUCKS!  over and over, Trump had a question for the crowd: Is there any place that s more fun, more exciting, and safer than a Trump rally? I m sure that was reassuring for the protesters in attendance. There are always a few, although I can scarcely fathom how they can stand to be in a room with all that bigotry and hatred. I have no idea how many anti-Trump protesters were in the crowd in Youngstown, but I know this kid was there:Idiotic protester at Trump Rally in Youngstown Ohio gets dealt with ????? pic.twitter.com/IzhBdVCqHh    4  ?? (@Obielicious) July 26, 2017That actually doesn t look safe at all. That looks, in fact, like a goddamn nightmare for the young man, who was forcibly removed from the rally after standing silently with an old Soviet flag. Who knows if his protest even lodged with the president or the crowd   that s not the flag of Russia, with whom Trump colluded to corrupt our democracy, it s a communist flag. A different meaning entirely. Note how the crowd s cheering goes up ten decibels as soon as security applied his giant hands to the teenager s throat. Safe.Three days later, Trump was in front of another crowd, this time police officers. I wonder if he had the incident with this kid in mind when he told the cops in attendance to not  be too nice  in dealing with suspects. It could be he was thinking of the red flag with the hammer and sickle that triggered him in Ohio, or maybe he was thinking about the former police chief there in Suffolk County where he was speaking   the chief that s serving just under 4 years for beating a suspect almost to death.The reckless tone the president takes when he speaks is more than carelessness or a lack of empathy. It s dangerous. All of the world leaders that Trump looks up to   Putin, Duterte, Erdogan   are of the sort that have their detractors silenced, arrested, or even murdered. How long will it be until his supporters call for the same actions from their hero Trump?This Twitter user laughed until he cried about the violent removal.We know they already condone it.Featured image via Justin Merriman/Getty Images",0
637, Official GOP Twitter Account Went Fully Delusional And Americans Are NOT Letting Them Live It Down (TWEETS),"Donald Trump s entire political strategy boils down to one surprisingly simple concept, popularly credited to Hitler s propaganda minister, Joseph Goebbels:  If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it.  With Trumpism now dominating the feeble remnants of what remains of Republican dignity and policy, that strategy has apparently been extended to the party at large.That s the only reasonable explanation I can come up with for the following all-caps bullshit declaration by the official GOP twitter account:UNPRECEDENTED ECONOMIC GROWTH UNDER @POTUS! pic.twitter.com/SLFJKo57ai  GOP (@GOP) August 7, 2017Let s take a moment to notice and appreciate the source used for the graphic is CNNMoney Moving on, while the million jobs thing is definitely something to be proud of   every day Trump doesn t start armageddon is something to be proud of, I mean the bar has literally never been lower   calling it UNPRECEDENTED ECONOMIC GROWTH might be just a bit much. Even crediting it to Trump other than  hey thanks for not f***ing up the economy your predecessor left you too much too quickly  is questionable. First, the fact is that Trump has done little that would impact the economy in any way, shape, or form. Cutting regulations to a couple of industries isn t going to spur very much growth, even while companies impacted by such a change may be abuzz with excitement over the soon-to-come injuries to workers and poison in the environment. That doesn t have much bearing on things like immediate job numbers or investor decision making.No, what Trump can thank for any jobs numbers at this point in his presidency is the continuing effects of the Obama economy, as well as global economic trends.Commenters were quick to step up and correct the record: I think you mean  unprecedented economic growth started by Obama administration withstands early disaster Trump presidency.  MaBell (@MaBell43650307) August 7, 2017 POTUS FAILS TO HIT 4% GROWTH PROMISE, LAGS PREDECESSORS.  There, I fixed it for you.https://t.co/Ee6tWXgpdV  Jon Perr (@Perrspectives) August 7, 2017Unprecedented? Your own source begs to differ pic.twitter.com/m6pT0aYa20  Sharon Reshef (@sresh24) August 7, 2017thanks obama  Zen (@ZenLizzie) August 7, 2017Even Scarborough weighed in: Except it s not unprecedented. It s not even faster growth than Americans had under @BarackObama in 2014, 2015 & 2016. https://t.co/DZBlAIv3Rr  Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) August 7, 2017No matter how pro-Trump you are, if you call these numbers  unprecedented you HAVE to know you re lying to yourself. Trump s first six months didn t even outperform President Obama s last six months   nothing to brag about here.Read more:Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
638," Hey Trump Fans: Trump Hasn’t Improved The Economy One Single Bit, And Here’s Proof","Trump hasn t made the economy better, no matter what he and his sheeple claim. In discussing jobs on Trump s TV network, Trump lackey Kayleigh McEnany acted as though Trump s 1 million jobs mark is some kind of record, when in fact, he lags behind Obama s final six months, and a bunch of other six-month periods during the Obama era.Obama s economy added 1.08 million jobs in his final six months. Trump s economy has added 1.07 million in his first six months. That s an average of 181,000 per month for Obama vs. 179,000 per month for Trump. This graph shows no evidence of a  Trump bump: Image via the Washington PostTrump is having fun pretending he s the best president ever, though, while he hasn t managed to get any major economic policies through Congress and signed into law. No infrastructure packages, no tax reform, no new or better trade deals, nothing. All he s done is use executive orders to eliminate some regulations. That s not enough to cause the economic surge he and his lackeys keep insisting is happening. He is so not  making America great again  in terms of jobs. We are currently feeling the continuing effects of the Obama economy.Trump has focused on the manufacturing and mining industries to the detriment of others, such as agriculture. When he pulled us out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, manufacturers cheered, while agriculture sat and stared in horror. We re responsible for an awful lot of agricultural exports to Asia, and with TPP gone, the rest of the world is stepping in to fill the void with lower tariffs and other incentives.Our agricultural industry lost a potential $10 billion bump in productivity because of Trump, and we lost competitive advantages over Europe and Australia. A four-country bloc here in the Americas Mexico, Peru, Chile and Colombia is becoming the trade leader here and is working on deals with New Zealand, Singapore and Australia, because fuck us.They have no reason not to with Trump at the helm here. Trump has zero understanding of the economy and doesn t seem to know or care that his job numbers could very easily be a sign of a slowing economy, not one gaining speed. Nor does he seem to know or care that Obama actually did much better during his second term. From February 2016 to July 2016, our economy added 1.24 million jobs. For that same period in 2015, we added 1.37 million jobs, and for those same six months in 2014, we added 1.51 million jobs.During that period in 2013, we added 1.17 million jobs. That was the first full six months of Obama s second term.And Trump has only managed to add 1.07, which, as shown above, is lower than Obama s 1.08 for his final six months. So Trump inherited a possibly slowing economy, which has only slowed more under his and the Republicans  leadership (if, indeed, it can even be called that). For the five hundred millionth time, Trump sheeple, Trump has not turned the economy around. Not even close.Read more:Featured image via Zach Gibson   Pool/Getty Images",0
639, Leaked Secret Government Report Shows Massive Impact Of Climate Change On The United States,"According to a new report from a combined 13 federal agencies, not yet made public, even if the entire world stopped emitting greenhouse gases right this instant, we would still feel half a degree warmer on average over the next hundred years from the average today.That s the primary conclusion of the report, obtained by the New York Times, that is sitting in limbo awaiting Trump s approval for release. One contributor to the findings, speaking anonymously, said that he and many of the scientists involved in its production are concerned that the Trump administration will suppress it.That would be no surprise: Donald Trump made it a cornerstone of his candidacy   and a primary point of his presidency   to deny the effects of global warming. But this report, should it ever see the light of day, confirms much of what scientists have been saying, despite Trump s denials.Among the key findings:Unfortunately, one of the people who must sign off on this report before it is released as a public finding is Scott Pruitt, Donald Trump s appointee to the Environmental Protection Agency. Pruitt has stated on far too many occasions that he absolutely does not believe that carbon dioxide emissions are a primary contributor to global warming. Although it explains his position, the irony is that Pruitt has no scientific background whatsoever. If he did, he couldn t possibly disagree with this basic scientific fact   regardless of your political position on climate change, CO  absolutely warms any environment it s found in.Knowing what we do now about the government censoring climate change data in other agencies, it feels like too much to expect this report to come out, or at least unredacted. But at least we have the leaks from our reliable press to keep us in the loop.Read more:Featured image via Lukas Schulze/Getty Images",0
640, Trump Loves To Say The New York Times Is ‘Failing’ – So They Just Effortlessly Embarrassed Him With Simple Numbers,"Print journalism and longstanding papers have been struggling since the advent of the internet and increased competition faced by blogs and op-ed sites. That, combined with poor understanding of marketing on new platforms, has combined to really cause a struggle in the journalism industry.So, on a certain level, journalists can thank Trump. Despite unleashing a war on freedom of the press never before seen in our nation s history, he s been a boon to business, with massive public backlash against Trump and his fake news army resulting in a thirst for facts and information.Take the New York Times, for example. In the first quarter of 2017, the NYT signed on more new subscribers than any other period in history. Stock is up 50 percent. Digital advertising revenue went up nearly 20 percent. So when Donald Trump says  when is the failing NYT going to go out of business,  as he did today, the answer is  not soon.  They ve been around for 160 years and don t look to be going anyplace anytime soon.Here s the specific tweet in question:How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017And here s the reply by the New York Times, completely demolishing whatever little remnants of dignity Trump has left at this point:That is incorrect. NYT s business is thriving. Most ever paid subs: 3.3 million; and growing profit, income and revenues. (1/2) pic.twitter.com/NE5fqu8RVW  NYTCo Communications (@NYTimesComm) August 7, 2017They went on to establish the veracity, at length, of a particular article Trump took issue with. Unfortunately for the NYT, Trump won t (or can t) read anything over 140 characters, so it seems somewhat unlikely they will have broken through.Read more:Featured image via Zach Gibson   Pool/Getty Images",0
641," Rain, Rain Go Away: Toddler Trump Throws Record-Breaking Tantrum Because He Can’t Golf","Donald Trump is vacationing in New Jersey right now, but he s rained in. Naturally, he s throwing a titanic fit over it.Rather than use the bad weather as an opportunity to get some executive branch work done, Trump would rather sit on his ass and watch television while rage-tweeting.Trump has repeatedly claimed that his 17-day golfing vacation is not a real vacation because he says he ll be  working hard. Well, golfing nor tweeting fit the definition of  hard work. And since Trump s tee time got rained out on Monday, he decided to spend the day watching cable news and throwing hissy fits on Twitter despite White House chief of staff General John Kelly s effort to reduce Trump s social media use.In all, Trump has posted 13 tweets, most of which attacked the media and the military service of a sitting U.S. Senator. The rest were boasts about himself, taking credit for economic successes achieved by President Obama, and one hypocritical mention of Purple Heart Day.Here is the entire Twitter tantrum.The failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017The Trump base is far bigger & stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017 and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017  Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation & so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES & WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a phony Vietnam con artist!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017 conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017On #PurpleHeartDay?I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA?? pic.twitter.com/QmfdLSLp6p  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council s 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Trump cannot possibly be working if he has enough time to post this many whiny tweets. His tweets also prove that he must be sitting in front of a television since his attack on Blumenthal came after Blumenthal talked about the Russia investigation on CNN.It s clear that Trump is doing anything except his job right now. He would be golfing if not for the rain and that s just as bad since he constantly whined about President Obama playing golf.We have a five-year old as president right now who desperately needs to be given some crayons and a White House coloring book as a distraction. His staff could even turn off the television and take his phone away while he s coloring the White House gold and adding his name to the top of it.Seriously, if Trump is too busy tweeting, who is running the country?Featured Image: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images",0
642, Average Trump Cabinet Member Stands To Profit By Hundreds Of Thousands From Tax ‘Reform’,"Ever wonder if Donald Trump s insistence on repealing Obamacare has a motive beyond,  We need to undo everything the black man did?  Had the GOP actually been able to repeal the ACA, which contained a 3.8 percent tax on investment income that mostly affects the wealthy, Trump s cabinet would save an average of $124,200 to $313,700 on their own tax bills, according to an analysis by MapLight.Many stand to save an awful lot more than that. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos stands to save anywhere from $1.9 million to over $4 million. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross could save up to $1.31 million. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin could find his tax bill reduced by as much as $900,000. Trump himself could save as much as $560,000 if that tax were repealed. It s not hard to see that s.This is the wealthiest cabinet in U.S. history, and many members of the top 1 percent believe in continuing to send the wealth their way instead of distributing it more fairly via fair wages and benefits, and perhaps, maybe shifting the bulk of the country s tax burden back onto those who are currently not paying their fair share.MapLight s analysis shows a possible reason why the Trump White House is so desperate to repeal Obamacare, and why Trump made it a cornerstone of his campaign. It may well not be just everything-Obama-ever-did-is-evil rhetoric. Trump stated outright during the campaign that he could be the first presidential candidate to make money off his candidacy. It s pretty much a given that he feels this way about his presidency, too.Combine that with Trump ongoing refusal to release his tax returns, and it starts looking like his efforts on repealing the ACA are more because it benefits him and those in his circle, not because he cares about the American people.Further evidence of this is shown in his and the GOP s total disregard for the CBO scores on their plans, which demonstrated that repeal would harm more Americans than it would help. He s primarily motivated by self-interest, despite his ongoing assurances that all he wants to do is help regular Americans. This is just further evidence of that.Read more:Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
643, Republican Senator Predicts Trump’s Next Big Legislative Push Will Fail Just Like Trumpcare,"Florida Senator Marco Rubio actually knows something the rest of us know for once: That there aren t enough racists in America   or even the Congress   to pass Donald Trump s new immigration bill. The bill would curb even legal immigration, setting a completely arbitrary limit on how many total people could come to America through traditional methods.Last Wednesday, Trump trotted out that annoying kid from the Comey hearing, Tom Cotton, and human stegosaurus David Perdue to unveil the RAISE Act, a singularly horrible piece of legislation that would among other things require proficiency in English, advanced degrees, and/or high-paying job offers in order to legally immigrate to this country. Team Trump called it  merit-based  immigration, but as an online quiz posted almost immediately by Time highlighted, even most Americans wouldn t have enough  merit  to apply for a visa.The real question is, if people without degrees, skills, or  merit,  as Trump said, are the ones coming to America, how are they stealing all of our jobs?Now Marco Rubio is on the record setting Trump and his lackeys (from two of the states that would suffer the most by curtailing immigration) straight on this bill s chances:That bill s not going to pass.   I think the White House knows that you don t have 60 votes for that in the Senate.Rubio, a Cuban-American from Miami, has some pretty understandable differences with Trump and other Republicans when it comes to immigration. After all, the unspoken fact is that every immigration bill is primarily aimed at Spanish-speaking would-be immigrants.But lest you think Marco is some kind of hero for breaking with the president on this, you have to remember   he is still a Republican:Where I probably have a big difference of opinion with this bill is that it sets an arbitrary cap on the number of people that are able to come through with a green card. I don t think that should be an arbitrary cap, that number should be driven by demand.I see. So we just let in as many as we want here. And what about the idiotic idea of advancing a 19th-century meritocracy?In 2013 the very controversial Gang of Eight, four Democrats and four Republicans, proposed moving legal immigration to a merit-based system.But  Wasn t Marco one of the four Republicans he s talking about? So Marco Rubio still wants horrible, backwards immigration policy. Just not quite as horrible and backwards as Donald Trump s.It s good to know you have standards, Senator.Read more:Featured image via Tasos Katopodis/Getty Images",0
644, Five Times Five-Time Draft Dodger Donald Trump Insulted Those Who Actually Served,"Instead of honoring Purple Heart Day, Trump began his morning by launching a vicious attack against Richard Blumenthal.Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a phony Vietnam con artist!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017 conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Trump later followed that up by posting an image of himself with a Purple Heart recipient.On #PurpleHeartDay?I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA?? pic.twitter.com/QmfdLSLp6p  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017And then he attacked Blumenthal again.I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017This despicable attack against a man who actually wore the uniform of his country for six years as a United States Marine is just the latest example of Trump insulting members of our armed forces.Here s are five more.Early on in his campaign, Trump insulted Senator John McCain, who spent years as a prisoner of war during Vietnam suffering gruesome torture that affects him to this day. He chose to undergo that torture rather than be released before other soldiers, because he had connections they did not. He s not a war hero,  Trump said.  He s a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren t captured. McCain is a recipient of the Purple Heart and a Silver Star among many other decorations in recognition of his service and sacrifice.In the final months of the campaign, Trump attacked a Gold Star family for simply challenging him to read the Constitution.Khizr and Ghazala Khan spoke to the Democratic National Convention in opposition to Trump and his racism against Muslims. Trump responded by smearing the Khans, suggesting that Ghazala was forbidden from speaking.Their son, Captain Humayun Khan, was killed in Iraq while saving the lives of his fellow soldiers. He was posthumously awarded the Bronze Star and Purple Heart for his sacrifice.A month prior to the election, Trump appeared to suggest that veterans with PTSD are weak. When you talk about the mental health problems, when people come back from war and combat   and they see things that maybe a lot of the folks in this room have seen many times over and you re strong and you can handle it, but a lot of people can t handle it. In August 2016, Trump once again belittled the service of wounded veterans by taking a Purple Heart as a gift from a veteran, remarking that getting one this way was much easier than getting one the hard way. I always wanted to get the Purple Heart. This was much easier. The worst insult to veterans is the fact that Trump repeatedly dodged the draft during Vietnam. He received five deferments during the war despite being physically fit and having gone to military school.Trump was finally declared medically unfit because of a supposed bone spur in his foot, a condition that even seasoned professional athletes play through.It should also be noted that Trump has failed to produce any evidence proving that his bone spur was real.Trump would later remark that his  personal Vietnam  was sleeping around and not getting a sexually transmitted disease. Trump s  personal Vietnam  was taking place at the same time John McCain was still working to recover from his injuries during the real Vietnam War.And those examples are just the tip of the iceberg. Since taking office, Trump insulted World War II veterans by ranting on Twitter instead of honoring the anniversary of D-Day and insulted veterans across the nation by attacking transgender service members.Donald Trump can say he loves the troops all he wants. His past words and actions make it clear that he is lying every time he makes such a declaration. Trump only cares about himself.Read more:Featured Image: Screenshot",0
645, Donald Trump Just Tweeted An Incredibly Obvious Lie And Got Fact-Checked In Real Time (TWEETS),"Donald Trump doesn t read   that s a well-known fact. Nor, apparently, does he google before he tweets. Then again, considering his maniacal obsession with negative coverage of himself, it s actually quite likely that he knew the following statement was 100% a lie:The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017 The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council s 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea! There s only one small problem with that statement: literally every mainstream outlet commonly referred to by Trump and his followers as  fake news  has given the sanctions vote considerable coverage. Trump knows he can get away with this lie because his followers are low-information voters that don t actually read, preferring to get their information from conservative headlines and twitter memes. Take this fine fellow here, for example: Dishonest #MSM is sinking #Bigly ? #FraudNewsCNN pic.twitter.com/CC4G61Sh2a  #OneNationUnderGOD (@peplamb) August 7, 2017This graphic specifically notes CNN, ABC, NBC, and CBS as being  false  whereas what Trump says is  true.  Well, Trump just said none of the  fake news media  is talking about sanctions on North Korea.North Korea vows to  make the US pay dearly  as sanctions tightenUN Ambassador Nikki Haley:  We re prepared to do whatever it takes  on North KoreaUN Security Council imposes new sanctions on North KoreaUN imposes tough new sanctions on North Korea Nations race to prevent backsliding on North Korea sanctionsDonald Trump praises UN sanctions on North Korea over intercontinental missile testsNorth Korea Ready To Teach U.S. Severe Lesson United Nations Expands North Korea Sanctions After Missile TestsNew North Korea sanctions are unlikely to make Kim blinkTrump tweets he s  impressed  with sanctions against North KoreaWill the U.N. sanctions against North Korea be effective?UN Security Council unanimously adopts new sanctions on N. Korea over missile testsWell whaddaya know. It s almost as if Donald Trump is completely, totally, and demonstrably full of shit yet again, while his brainless hordes of followers scream #MAGA and ignore the most obvious of evidence. But not everyone is letting Trump off the hook so easily   hundreds of displeased American citizens are letting their thoughts be known in the comments. Here are a few below: Here s CNN (which you call  Fake News ) reporting on the UN vote: https://t.co/M8OFxtNgde  Bad Hombre Parker (@BadHombreParker) August 7, 2017Here s The New York Times (which you call  Fake News ) reporting on the UN vote: https://t.co/0gfBujOna4  Bad Hombre Parker (@BadHombreParker) August 7, 2017Trump s attack on our free press is just disgusting.  Eugene Gu, MD (@eugenegu) August 7, 2017You are delusional. The attack of the free press on American citizens is disgusting. They re hurting America. Russia Russia Russia FAKE  Sandon Adamson (@Sandon_72) August 7, 2017Featured image via Chris Kleponis-Pool/Getty Images",0
646, Report: Corrupt Wall Streeters Are Three Times More Likely To Go Unpunished Under Trump,"Donald Trump s chief economic adviser and Director of the National Economic Council is Gary Cohn. Trump s Secretary of the Treasury is Steven Mnuchin. Dina Powell is his Deputy National Security Adviser, and Steve Bannon is the president s chief strategist. What do all of these people have in common, aside from terrible taste in employers?They all came from Goldman Sachs, the Wall Street powerhouse that made billions of dollars during the subprime mortgage crisis that tanked the American economy beginning in 2007.Much has been made of the hypocrisy of Donald Trump s claims of  draining the swamp.  He simultaneously hired and promoted many of the same (and some even worse) swamp-dwellers that made Washington, D.C. into the quagmire of grift, corruption, and greed that constituted the bog that needed its plug pulled. But all we knew until now was that those assholes were still in positions of authority. We had no idea what kind of impact they were having on Trump s presidency, outside of tax proposals that screw ordinary Americans and drastically reduce rates for people like themselves.But now an analysis from the Wall Street Journal is shedding some light on a more nefarious aspect of their influence on Trump policy:Wall Street regulators have imposed far lower penalties in the first six months of Donald Trump s presidency than they did during the first six months of 2016, a comparable period in the Obama administration.If you re like me, you know that Wall Street isn t suddenly behaving itself   so why the change?It comes from another of Trump s campaign promises: To destroy Dodd-Frank, the now 7 year-old bill signed by Barack Obama that aimed to  reform  Wall Street after the fallout from the massive recession they were essentially solely responsible for. Life savings were lost, the housing market was upended, and ultimately the US economy tanked, resulting in bailouts for the big banks that both parties hated. Back on April 11, Trump met with a bunch of CEOs and told them they didn t have to worry much longer:For the bankers in the room, they ll be very happy because we re really doing a major streamlining and, perhaps, elimination, and replacing it with something else.But Trump s drive to dismantle the landmark legislation still hasn t taken effect, so in the meantime, what his administration can do to make life easier for Wall Street   literally the only people who will benefit from the destruction of Dodd-Frank   is to back off the penalty part of the  horrendous  regulations Dodd-Frank imposed. And boy, have they. From the WSJ:Penalties levied against firms and individuals by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority in the first half of 2017 were down nearly two-thirds compared with the first half of 2016. [This] put regulators on track for the lowest annual level of fines since at least 2010.2010. Back when Dodd-Frank was signed.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
647," Key Trump Supporter And Major Donor: Trump Is ‘Incompetent,’ ‘Disaster’","Donald Trump isn t just losing in the polls, and even with his own base, but with a libertarian billionaire donor, too. Peter Thiel, the co-founder of PayPal who also destroyed Gawker through lawsuits, and one of the former reality show star s few public supporters in Silicon Valley, has been privately expressing major doubts about the administration, according to a BuzzFeed report.In public, Thiel has said that Trump s administration is  off to a terrific start,  but privately, he s told multiple friends that there is a 50% chance that the current presidency  ends in disaster. Three separate sources told BuzzFeed of Thiel s disparaging remarks about Trump s presidency and others confirmed those accounts as well.In June, Thiel told Trump at a White House event that he is off to a  terrific start  however, privately to friends, Thiel, who served on the Presidential Transition Team Executive Committee, has criticized Trump and his administration and developed an increasingly more negative view about the administration.Thiel was one of Trump s most generous campaign donors, gifting his campaign with a $1.25 million donation. Mr. Thiel was also a key liaison to a tech industry that has largely opposed Trump.But now, Thiel is questioning whether Trump can be re-elected while the rest of us aren t even sure he ll last a full term.A spokesperson for Thiel did not deny any of the quotes attributed to him by his friends and colleagues to BuzzFeed News. The night he won the election, I said President Trump would face an awesomely difficult task,  Thiel said in a statement.  Today it s clear that resistance to change in Washington, D.C. has been even fiercer than I anticipated. We still need change. I support President Trump in his ongoing fight to achieve it. When Thiel attended a tech summit at the White House in June, he told the Trump that his  administration is doing very well  but, apparently that s not what Mr. Thiel really thinks of Trump s  presidency  at all. We re wondering why Thiel doesn t have the cajones to be honest with the current occupant of the White House. Sure, just tell Trump that everything is fine while he terrifies the world one tweet at a time. That s the ticket.Meanwhile, Thiel helped to get Trump elected so he s part of the problem.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
648, It’s Official: The United States Government Is Censoring Climate Data,"A disturbing new report reveals that the staff at the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) have officially been instructed to begin censoring information on climate data. In fact, they are no longer even supposed to use the words  climate change  at all.According to emails between staff at the Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS), the staff has been told to use the term weather extremes  instead.The Guardian reports the following regarding an email dated February 16:A missive from Bianca Moebius-Clune, director of soil health, lists terms that should be avoided by staff and those that should replace them.  Climate change  is in the  avoid  category, to be replaced by  weather extremes . Instead of  climate change adaption , staff are asked to use  resilience to weather extremes .The primary cause of human-driven climate change is also targeted, with the term  reduce greenhouse gases  blacklisted in favor of  build soil organic matter, increase nutrient use efficiency . Meanwhile,  sequester carbon  is ruled out and replaced by  build soil organic matter .Moebius-Clune explained that we won t change the modeling, just how we talk about it   there are a lot of benefits to putting carbon back in the sail [sic], climate mitigation is just one of them.  She claims a colleague from the USDA s public affairs team advised them to  tamp down on discretionary messaging right now. Jimmy Bramblett, deputy chief for programs at the NRCS told senior employees that Trump was behind the decision to begin censoring important climate change data. It has become clear one of the previous administration s priority is not consistent with that of the incoming administration. Namely, that priority is climate change. Please visit with your staff and make them aware of this shift in perspective within the executive branch,  Bramblett wrote on January 24.The USDA issued a statement on January 23 that said,  interim operating procedures outlining procedures to ensure the new policy team has an opportunity to review policy-related statements, legislation, budgets, and regulations prior to issuance. This guidance, similar to procedures issued by previous administrations, was misinterpreted by some to cover data and scientific publications. This was never the case and USDA interim procedures will allow complete, objective information for the new policy staff reviewing policy decisions,  the statement added.And it isn t just the USDA. Since Trump took office, all mention of climate change has been scrubbed from the websites for both the White House and the Department of the Interior. The EPA has also removed its sections on climate change while they are  updating language to reflect the approach of new leadership. This is troubling, to say the least. These records reveal Trump s active censorship of science in the name of his political agenda,  said Meg Townsend, open government attorney at the Center for Biological Diversity.  To think that federal agency staff who report about the air, water, and soil that sustains the health of our nation must conform their reporting with the Trump administration s anti-science rhetoric is appalling and dangerous for America and the greater global community. 2017-NRCS-00240-A-3 by The Guardian on ScribdFeatured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
649, Old Man On Vacation Angrily Live-Tweets Show He ‘Never Watches’,"Back in February to honor Black History Month, Trump attacked the media   because of course he did. Among other things, Trump said,  I don t watch CNN  but that s just not true. In mid-July, Trump said,  I have very little time for watching TV  and that, too, is not true. In April, Trump told the Associated Press,  The one thing I ve learned to do that I never thought I had the ability to do. I don t watch CNN anymore. Trump kicked off his 200th day in office (seriously, it seems like 10 years) from his Bedminster, New Jersey golf club by unleashing a series of mean-girl tweets. Trump claimed on Twitter that he s  working hard,  then minutes later Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) was interviewed on CNN s  New Day . Blumenthal defended special counsel Robert Mueller s investigation into the Trump-Russia scandal.Watch:.@SenBlumenthal reacts to crackdown on leaks: ""I'm very concerned that [DOJ] is weaponizing   laws"" https://t.co/sOHDh0IcW9  New Day (@NewDay) August 7, 2017 There is no minimizing or underestimating that attack by the Russians,  Blumenthal said.  It was purposeful and relentless, and it involved propaganda and hacking into our voting machines or at least an attempt to do it and potential collusion by the Trump campaign and then obstruction of justice. That investigation must be pursued. Just after totally not watching CNN, Trump tweeted,  Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a phony Vietnam con artist! The former reality show star didn t stop there. Never in U.S. history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal,  he tweeted.  He told stories about his Vietnam battles and .conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion? When Blumenthal was a candidate in 2010, he was forced to admit that he exaggerated his Vietnam military record so that s what President Bone Spurs was referring to. Trump received 5 deferments to avoid serving in the military, one of them because his feet hurt. There s something to be said about glass houses here.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
650, Military Veterans HUMILIATE Trump For Attacking Senator’s Military Record,"Donald Trump just pissed off veterans.Trump likes to claim that he loves the men and women who serve our country in the military, but on Monday morning, he proved otherwise by viciously attacking Senator Richard Blumenthal s military record.Blumenthal took to CNN on Monday morning to caution against obstructing the Russia investigation. Of course, thin-skinned Trump took offense and lashed out on Twitter.It should be pointed out that Blumenthal misspoke about his service during the Vietnam War on a few occasions. He never claimed to be involved in any battles. He also never  cried like a little baby. But unlike Trump, Blumenthal actually did enlist with the Marine Corps Reserve and served for six years. He didn t go to Vietnam but he did serve.Donald Trump repeatedly dodged the draft and then received a medical deferment not long after being declared perfectly fit for service. Trump supposedly had bone spurs in his foot, but no proof exists to prove his claims. Like many over-privileged people at the time, Trump used his status to evade military service.Trump s attack on a U.S. Marine disgusted veterans, who ripped him a new one on social media.You re one to talk about Vietnam. #VetsAgainstTrump  Vets Against Trump (@Vets_Vs_Trump) August 7, 20175 Draft Deferments, using your wealth and privilege to avoid fighting while others less  elite  were drafted. #VetsAgainstTrump  Vets Against Trump (@Vets_Vs_Trump) August 7, 2017 He s a war hero because he was captured. I like people who weren t captured.    @realDonaldTrump  Vets Against Trump (@Vets_Vs_Trump) August 7, 2017You fought to kick Vietnam Veteran street vendors off of 5th Avenue because you felt that Veterans made the street less  classy.  Vets Against Trump (@Vets_Vs_Trump) August 7, 2017You attacked a Gold Star family, because they asked you to read the United States Constitution. #VetsAgainstTrump  Vets Against Trump (@Vets_Vs_Trump) August 7, 2017You exploited a grief-stricken Gold Star Widow on national TV, using her as a political prop while her dead SEAL s Dad condemned you.  Vets Against Trump (@Vets_Vs_Trump) August 7, 2017You took an un-earned Purple Heart medal, and bragged about how you  always wanted a Purple Heart  this is much easier.  Vets Against Trump (@Vets_Vs_Trump) August 7, 2017You attacked Veterans with PTSD, saying that wounded warriors struggling with their experiences are  not strong.  Vets Against Trump (@Vets_Vs_Trump) August 7, 2017You dress up like a tiny general, in flight jackets and military hats, even though you ve never served a day in your life.  Vets Against Trump (@Vets_Vs_Trump) August 7, 2017You claimed that your military-themed boarding school your father sent you to for poor discipline was just like being in the military.  Vets Against Trump (@Vets_Vs_Trump) August 7, 2017You bragged on a radio show that contracting STDs was your  personal Vietnam.  Vets Against Trump (@Vets_Vs_Trump) August 7, 2017You bragged that you d be  best for the vets,  and then once elected made a budget that would take away retired vets disability payments.  Vets Against Trump (@Vets_Vs_Trump) August 7, 2017Donald Trump should be ashamed of himself. Because it s very clear that the men and women who serve, or have served, in the military are ashamed of him.Read more:Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
651, Trump’s FCC Makes Major Move To Put His Propaganda On Every American TV,"Sinclair Broadcast Group, the media empire responsible for the vast majority of pro-Trump propaganda you ve seen on television for more than a year, is finally being rewarded by the Grifter-in-Chief. The FCC, now headed by Republican Trump-appointee Ajit Pai, has allowed the $3.9 billion purchase of Tribune Media by Sinclair. Along with the name, Sinclair now owns the 42 television stations Tribune had in its portfolio to add to Sinclair s own, which already numbered over 170 stations.But this isn t any ordinary merger of two large companies.Sinclair actually made a deal with Trump to give him favorable coverage in order for this purchase to be approved. And it was a win-win deal   for everyone but consumers. Sinclair got to increase their stranglehold on American media, and in return, Trump gets to see his interests advanced on all of their stations.Sinclair has been forcing the stations it already owned to air  must-run  segments of commentary by Boris Epshteyn, a Russia-born former Trump official. In July, Sinclair increased the number of Epshteyn commentaries it would require its stations to air from three per week to nine, and added  interviews  with pro-Trump politicos in Washington. These are centrally-produced conservative editorials that, among other things, call mainstream coverage of events  fake news  and put out scaremongering  terrorism alerts,  which managers at Sinclair-owned stations are required to work into their broadcast schedules.Are you picking up what I m throwing down yet? This is straight-up state propaganda television, like you might see in Russia or China.If you don t think it can affect you with a paltry number like 223 total stations, consider this. One such station is my local ABC affiliate, KOMO. At 64 years old, the station is now owned since 2013 by Sinclair. Prior to its sale, KOMO was the last major locally-owned television station in the Seattle area. KOMO absolutely dominates viewership for both morning and mid-day news, and is the local station that carries the Emmy Awards. The complaints of reporters at the station that the  must-run  segments they were being forced to air looked like real news (and therefore made them look like they were endorsing it) fell on deaf ears.The stations themselves don t want this, and they can t stop it.Trump is creating a network of stations that promote him and his agenda, all while decrying anything Americans are used to as  fake news. Who s fake now?Read more:Featured image via William Thomas Cain/Getty Images",0
652, George Takei Just Lasered Trump With Some Perfectly Timed Expert Advice (TWEET),"It s certainly no secret that Trump struggles with vocabulary words, and his spelling isn t that great, either (who can forget covfefe?). He frequently assumes things he s completely unaware of are extremely simple, and is caught off guard when they re not. So it stands to reason that as the investigation continues to unfold, and the legalese flies fast and furious, he might have some trouble understanding what s going on   or, even worse, rage-tweeting about it.Not to worry! George Takei is here to help, with a brilliant tweet that s as much solid advice as it is sick burn. Here it is below:Donald: Since it's going to come up, it's spelled ""subpoena"" not ""supeena"" and ""indictment"" not ""inditement.""You're welcome.  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) August 7, 2017 Donald. Since it s going to come up, it s spelled  subpoena  not  supeena  and  indictment  not  inditement. Beautiful. Considering all the time Trump spends on Twitter, and how poorly he deals with any form of criticism, you can bet he ll be fuming if he reads it. Keep up the trolling, Takei!You might also enjoy Featured image via Mat Hayward/Getty Images for We Day",0
653, Trump Posts INSANE Tantrum About The Media While Supposedly ‘Working’ On Vacation,"Last time I checked, throwing a temper tantrum isn t considered  working. But that s what Donald Trump did from his golf resort at Bedminster, New Jersey on Monday morning after the New York Times called him out for whining.Trump, of course, responded by whining about the media and claimed that his base is stronger than ever despite several polls showing that his base is starting to abandon him.The failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017The Trump base is far bigger & stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Trump then desperately tried to make it sounds like he has accomplished things and called the Russia scandal  fake news. . and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017  Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation & so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES & WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Then Trump had the audacity to claim that he is  working hard  even though he is playing golf.Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Trump is currently on a 17-day vacation, which is twice as long as President Obama s first big vacation during his first year in office. While President Obama was capable of running the country and taking a break at the time, Trump has proven that running the country does not interest him near as much as playing golf does. And Trump already neglects most of his duties anyway and spends his mornings on Twitter instead of doing his job.The bottom line is that Trump has not signed a single piece of major legislation and is taking credit for Obama s economy. All the jobs numbers and stock market gains Trump has been bragging about are a continuation of Obama s economic achievements.And continuing to deny that his campaign colluded with Russia is seriously childish considering Trump s own son released emails proving that Trump campaign members did, indeed, meet with Russians to get dirt on Hillary Clinton from the Russian government.It looks like even General John Kelly is incapable of keeping Trump from throwing a hissy fit on Twitter.Featured image via Ian MacNicol/Getty Images",0
654, It Took A Democratic Governor To Finally Call The Mosque Bombing Terrorism,"Maybe you ve finally heard by now that a mosque in Bloomington, Minnesota was bombed early Saturday morning. Maybe. It seemed confusing as it was being reported, because nobody was calling it what it actually was: an act of terrorism aimed at a church. In fact, you were hard-pressed to find anyone even calling it a hate crime, despite the fact that it clearly was. Everything about the incident added up to exactly what America would have called a terrorist attack   if it had been committed by Muslims, instead of against them.In the New York Times report, details included the fact that congregants has just begun to gather for morning prayers, the fact that the bomb was thrown into the Imam s (pastor s) room, and the fact that one worshiper ran outside at the sound of the explosion just in time to see a truck speeding out of the parking lot. Just everything you might need for a terrorist attack: maximum presence, a specific target, and a fleeing suspect.When news hit the wire that it was carried out with an improvised explosive device   an IED, in the parlance of Middle East wars   you d think that would draw some response from the President of the United States. A terrorist attack on a church, using a weapon you might find in the desert of Iraq. Condemnation from every Republican in Washington, right?Not so much.Apparently there was a terrorist bombing in Minnesota today. Take one guess why Trump has said nothing about it. https://t.co/4PoyfCY4YT  Mark Follman (@markfollman) August 5, 2017Did I miss Trump's statement of concern for the victims of this bombing and members of the Mosque?Does he care? https://t.co/WIWOCewIt4  Marty Parrish (@Marty_Parrish) August 6, 2017Someone bombed a mosque in Minnesota recently. You probably didn't hear about this because mainstream media likes to demonize Muslims.  Brown Saraah (@Brown_Saraah) August 6, 2017It took until Sunday before someone finally called it a terrorist attack, and it was Minnesota s own Democratic governor, Mark Dayton, who used the appropriate language. He visited the Dar al Farooq mosque with a cadre of other public officials, and was devastated by the sight:What a terrible, dastardly, cowardly act was committed. It is a criminal act of terrorism.But Muslims across the country surely know that Trump s silence on the issue is quite purposeful. He s made it very clear that his aim since before he even secured the Republican nomination was to curtail Muslim entry into the US, to marginalize them and monitor them as though their very presence were terrorism in itself. Every attack inside the US that is perpetrated by a Muslim, whether it is related to religion, hate crimes, or simply random, is immediately branded terrorism. But crimes against them are never looked at in the same light.We must support our Muslim brothers and sisters across this country, and never allow them to be marginalized the way Trump and his fellow Republicans want them to be. If we don t hold the terrorist responsible for this attack to the same account we would demand of a Muslim attacker, we are no better than the Trump fans across the country who were no doubt secretly glad that it happened.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
655," Republicans Kill Trump’s Dream To Repeal Obamacare, Ready To Work With Democrats (DETAILS)","Despite the humiliating failure Donald Trump and the Republican Party brought upon themselves by trying to repeal and replace Obamacare, Trump continues to keep pressuring GOP lawmakers to do his pathetic bidding and pass some form of Trumpcare. Even as it s clear to everyone else that lawmakers must move on and focus on other things, Trump is threatening to withhold ACA payments from insurance companies. However, Trump has just been handed a devastating blow as Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell makes moves toward a bipartisan approach to health care.This is seriously the last thing Trump wants, but it s happening and the GOP doesn t care how Trump feels about it. According to CBS News: A week after an attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act failed, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says he d consider a bipartisan effort to continue payments to insurers to avert a costly rattling of health insurance markets.McConnell told reporters Saturday there is  still a chance  the Senate could revive the measure to repeal and replace  Obamacare,  but he acknowledged the window for that is rapidly closing. Everyone knows that the Obamacare repeal is hopeless. Americans are strongly against it, and nothing the Republican Party has put forward over the last few months has even been close to an alternative. Republicans are slowly becoming aware that a bipartisan bill might be their only chance to have some sort of impact on health care   and if Congress approves a bipartisan bill with enough support to override a presidential veto, Trump will be forced to sign the bill whether he likes it or not.Trump s presidency looks more and more like a failure every single day. Even the members of his own party are ignoring him and moving away from his agenda. Trump isn t a president, he is a joke.Featured image is a screenshot",0
656," Al Gore Tells Bill Maher: Get Rid Of Electoral College, ‘Time For A Popular Vote’","On the latest episode of Real Time with Bill Maher, the host welcomed  planet earth s most tireless champion,  former Vice President Al Gore. Gore has been on a speaking tour in support of his new movie An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth To Power, the follow-up to his Oscar-winning 2006 documentary An Inconvenient Truth. His visit on the late night show culminated with a discussion of our elections and what Democrats can do to get back to winning.But Bill got directly into the subject of the movie, asking Al whether we were  kidding ourselves  about being able to turn the tide on climate change. He cited multiple predictions of a  tipping point  beyond which there would be no return. Gore emphasized that different people meant different things by the phrase, but that scientists still agree we have not yet reached a point where it s completely out of our control. But he did say that some tipping points have in fact been reached with lost ice sheets and rising sea levels, and said that America was still in danger of exacerbating the problem. We could lose Venice. We could lose Florida,  Maher remarked, before adding,  and who would know better about losing Florida? Without missing a beat, Gore responded,  Actually, I think I carried Florida. The conversation naturally turned to current events and Donald Trump, with Maher mentioning Trump s promise to bring back coal jobs, and Gore reminding him that it was coal companies, not climate change activists, who got rid of most of those jobs. When Trump pulled out of the Paris Accord, Gore said, he was concerned that it would serve as an excuse for other countries to do the same   but the rest of the world  redoubled their commitment  the next day.Then Bill brought up something Gore has said many times: That if we re going to fix the climate, we have to  fix our democracy first.  Recalling the gaps between popular vote and actual outcomes in 2000 and 2016, Maher lamented the direction of the trend. When he asked Gore,  How do we fix that,  Gore was succinct:Well, I do think it s time to get rid of the electoral college and go to a popular vote for president But even more importantly than that, we have to get big money out of politics. The lobbyists and the fat-cat contributors hacked our democracy before Putin hacked our democracy, and we need to defend it and put the people back in control   and we can do that.Gore couldn t be more right. Whether it s through a constitutional amendment, or the National Popular Vote Interstate Compact, America should be represented at the highest level by the person most people want in charge. Donald Trump s dismal (and sinking) poll numbers only serve to underscore that point.Watch the exchange here:Featured image via Brendon Thorne/Getty Images",0
657, Kellyanne Conway On Trump Administration’s Lies: But What About Benghazi! (VIDEO),"White House Counselor Kellyanne Conway on Sunday was confronted by ABC s  This Week  host George Stephanopoulos on the conflicting stories coming from the White House regarding Donald Trump Jr s meeting with a Russian lawyer. The amateur president s lawyer, Jay Sekulow, added to that to say that Trump was not involved in writing a letter to defend his son. However, it was just after that when White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that Trump  weighed in as any father would. The White House and the president s lawyer said he wasn t involved at all,  Stephanopoulos told Conway.  They didn t tell the truth. You know, George, I know there s this whole thing about  Conway replied. About telling the truth,  the ABC host shot back. Let s talk about telling the truth,  Conway said, as if she s even familiar with that concept.  Let s talk about [President Barack Obama] looking Americans in the eye who are still suffering eight years later. If you like your plan you can keep it, if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor. Benghazi happened because of a video. Kellyanne, you re simply changing the subject,  Stephanopoulos said.  You are changing the subject going back to President Obama and Hillary Clinton. Don Jr. responded to an email that said he was going to get Russian government information on Hillary Clinton,  he continued.  That was not out during the campaign. That was revealed just in the last several weeks. But what came of that meeting,  Conway replied.  Nothing. Watch:Well, we hate to burst Kellyanne s bubble (we love bursting her bubble) but no one knows about the  meeting  since it was held in secret at Trump Tower   except for the people who attended it, including Russians and we all know how truthful they are. What we do know is that Don Jr. released copies of his email chain about that meeting with the subject line reading,  Russia   Clinton   private and confidential.  Junior was thrilled to take that meeting in order to help his father win the election.  I love it!  he wrote.And that has nothing to do with the 2012 Benghazi attack, thankyouverymuch.Image via screen capture. ",0
658, Former FBI Agent: ‘Stay Tuned’ Because Mueller Is Hot On Trump’s Trail (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is terrified of Special Counsel Robert Mueller. This is especially true since it has been revealed that Mueller has now impaneled a grand jury in Washington D.C. in the Russian probe. Now, according to a former FBI Agent, Trump is right to be very, very worried.Asha Rangappa is now a national security analyst for CNN. She also is the Associate Dean of Yale Law School. Before that, though, she worked for the FBI. On Saturday, she had a warning for Trump, and hopeful news for the American people. First, she talked about disgraced National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, and the Mueller team s request that the White House hand over all documents relating to Flynn s short and troubled time in the White House: They probably honed in on a crime or some set of crimes that they want to get more information on. They re probably looking for any kind of communications. Of course, this is likely related to foreign payments that Flynn received but did not immediately disclose. Then, Rangappa went on to say that the grand jury is definitely bad news for Trump and the people in his orbit: The new grand jury is an indication that this is expanding. This is probably still in the early stages. It would be normal at this point to collect more evidence, so they want possibly financial records, they want people to come in and testify under oath to get more information and they re going to use that to proceed. So this is going to be one stage of many as I explained to some people, if this were a TV drama, this might be Episode 4. So, stay tuned. There s more coming. This is getting hotter by the day, and no amount of Trump s going on unhinged Twitter rants about how the Russia story is  fake news,  a  witch hunt,  or a  hoax  will stop Robert Mueller from getting to the bottom of what happened between Team Trump and the Russians. We will be staying tuned for sure, Ms. Rangappa. You can bet on that.Watch the video below:Featured image via Ann Heisenfelt/Getty Images",0
659," BOMBSHELL REPORT: GOP Looks To Dump Trump, Secret 2020 Shadow Campaigns Already Underway","It s no secret that the Republican Party has never been comfortable with Donald Trump as the titular head of their organization. They also knew he was unfit to be president, yet they got him elected anyway, because they felt they had no choice. However, seven months into this disastrous excuse for a  presidency,  it seems that the GOP is coming to realize that Trump was a huge mistake. Therefore it should come as no surprise that there are already shadow campaigns from several high profile Republicans   including Trump s second-in-command, Mike Pence   underway for the 2020 presidential race.The New York Times reports that Mike Pence, Ben Sasse and John Kasich appear to be secretly lobbying GOP donors in order to unseat Trump should he last his full four-year term. Of course, the White House is pushing back against these reports. Spokeswoman Lindsay Walters said of these efforts: The president is as strong as he s ever been in Iowa, and every potentially ambitious Republican knows that. However, according the the New York Times, donors, elected officials throughout the Republican Party, and conservative groups are all saying that they don t even know if Trump will be able to run in 2020, and there is definitely support for a primary challenger to Trump. Of course, many of these people are not willing to publicly criticize a president from their own party, but others are. For instance, John McCain spoke for them, saying that many see Trump as weak.Of course, both Ben Sasse and John Kasich have been openly critical of Trump, which has helped both of their public profiles to rise. Further, it s pretty obvious that Pence took the job as the second man on the Trump ticket thinking that Trump would not last in the White House. Hell, Maxine Waters even came out and said that Pence is planning his inauguration.In short, the GOP s bigoted base stuck them   and the nation   with Trump. But, now that he hasn t been the controllable vehicle to sign their disastrous agenda into law like they thought he would be, they re ready to get rid of him   no matter the cost.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
660," Trump Panics Over Russia Scandal, Kisses Up To Sessions After Trashing Him For Weeks (TWEET)","Donald Trump doesn t just flip flop on his campaign promises and policies   he also walks back his own insults whenever it s convenient for him to do so!On Saturday, Trump completely embarrassed himself by praising Attorney General Jeff Sessions, the man he had just spent the last two weeks mercilessly trashing. After Sessions announced that the Justice Department would be doubling down on leakers, Trump tweeted this: After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security, the tougher the better! That s right   Trump is seriously acting like he hasn t been attacking Sessions for weeks because the A.G. decided to recuse himself from Trump s Russia investigation. Most notably, Trump stated that if he d known Sessions was going to recuse himself, he wouldn t have hired him as Attorney General in the first place. Things were getting so heated that there were even rumors that Trump might fire Sessions. Now, Trump is trying to kiss up to Sessions in a pathetic attempt to get the A.G. on his side.Trump is not a man of integrity. He will literally do anything to get ahead and advance himself   he won t even stand by his own word. We ve seen this time and time again as Trump walks back his previous comments, proving that he is extremely unstable and nothing he says can be trusted. He will lie about anything to get people on his side or protect himself from having to answer to his faults. It is up to Americans not to forget Trump s prior transgressions, and hold him accountable whenever he tries to disguise himself as a somewhat decent human being. Hopefully, Sessions doesn t forget what Trump did to him either, because Trump is one person who doesn t deserve to brown-nose his way out of this.Featured image via Tom Pennington and Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
661, This State Is Honoring Obama And Sending A Middle Finger To Trump At The Same Time – You Can Bet He’ll Be Fuming,"President Obama s home state of Illinois has passed a bill honoring him by designating his birthday August 4 as a state holiday. So now, every year on August 4, Illinois has a state holiday known as  Barack Obama Day.  While Illinois has a Democratic supermajority in its general assembly, bills must still be signed into law by the governor, and Illinois  governor is a Republican.Once known as  Senate Bill 55,  it reads: [Barack Obama Day] observed throughout the State as a day set apart to honor the 44th President of the United States of America who began his career serving the People of Illinois in both the Illinois State Senate and the United States Senate, and dedicated his life to protecting the rights of Americans and building bridges across communities. They re also renaming a large chunk of I-55, running from just southwest of the city of Chicago to near Bloomington-Normal, in the center of the state. That will become the  Barack Obama Presidential Expressway. That may well rankle Donald Trump and his supporters, who insist that Obama was the worst thing ever to happen to this country. Trump spent a lot of time on Obama s case for his vacations, which is one of the most hypocritical things he does. He also falsely accused Obama of tapping his phones in Trump Tower, and Trump has been steadily working to dismantle everything Obama ever did.Trump has claimed he s the most presidential president this country has ever had with the possible exception of Abraham Lincoln, and he says he s already gotten more done than FDR. Except, you know, he s gotten zilch done and he s a man-baby on Twitter. He politicized his speech to the Boy Scouts, where he again bragged about himself and actually got the audience to boo Obama.Would New York give Trump a holiday? Probably not, since he lost that state last year and they aren t exactly fond of him there. But who cares about Illinois, right? That state only produced both Abraham Lincoln and Ronald Reagan   two heroes of a Republican Party that s desperate for new heroes.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
662," Trump MELTS DOWN On Vacation, Tries To Pretend He’s Actually Working (TWEETS)","While it seems like Donald Trump hasn t worked a single full day since he stepped foot in the White House, the former reality television star apparently feels differently.Currently, Trump is  busy  enjoying his 17-day vacation, despite the fact that he s already spent approximately 20% of his presidency on the golf course, and much more time glued to cable news and his Twitter account. If there s any POTUS that doesn t deserve to take time off, it s certainly #45.Trump has gotten a lot of backlash over taking time off, especially considering how much Trump criticized former president Barack Obama for taking a little bit of time off. It s quite hilarious, because Obama worked his a** off for America. Trump hasn t done a damn thing besides create chaos and humiliate the country, and he s already taken three times as much time off than Obama! Here s a quick refresher of how Trump has trashed Obama over the years: Now that Trump is being outed for being the laziest POTUS we ve ever had, it s no wonder he threw an absolute FIT today in response to the criticism. This evening, Trump took a break from his golf outing at New Jersey s Bedminster Golf Resort to whine about how he s working hard and NOT on vacation, despite the fact that this is totally a vacation.Seriously pathetic. Trump even left  work early to begin his golfing holiday today. The hypocrisy that follows everything Trump does is just mind-blowing. He truly lives in his own world, far removed from reality and any sort of logical thought.Trump does not deserve to be taking a holiday right now. He is ignoring America s pressing issues and the American people while creating disturbance everywhere he goes. Deep down, he knows he doesn t deserve it   or else he wouldn t be so damn defensive.Featured image via Ian MacNicol  / Getty Images",0
663, Pathetic: Trump Actually Needs A General To Babysit Him Constantly,"With Reince Priebus out as White House chief of staff, and General John Kelly in, Trump and others are probably hoping that things will quickly fall in line. But Kelly doesn t see his biggest job as managing the White House staff   he sees it as managing Donald Trump. Specifically, one of his biggest jobs, in his view, is controlling Trump s Twitter habit.Trump uses his Twitter account to tweet everything from childish temper tantrums over the Russia probe and  fake news,  to lying in order to appear totally great and awesome and like he s the best person ever to walk the Earth, to creating actual policy. The most recent example of his problems with creating policy on social media is when he tried to reinstate the military s ban on transgender people serving via Twitter, catching the Pentagon off-guard despite his lie that he d come to that decision after heavy consultation with his military generals. In fact, lawyers from the Department of Defense had repeatedly tried to warn him off that ban while they worked on the best way to do things. Apparently, he was impatient and thought he would force the DoD to work faster if he just came out with it.He s also insulted our allies and made blatantly false accusations on Twitter. Despite that, Sean Spicer said back in early June that Trump s tweets are official White House statements. Some say that Trump is blurring the lines between opinion and policy whether he s making official statements or not.And this is what General Kelly sees as his biggest job   reining this kind of behavior, or at least  pushing his tweets in the right direction,  as it was put to Politico. Kelly has given up on trying to keep Trump off of Twitter entirely, but he does believe he should work to keep Trump from using Twitter like a spoiled rotten toddler who s mad that he s not getting his way on everything.In other words, his biggest job is taking on the role of parent or babysitter working to limit what a poorly-behaved child can do. And he s taking on this role for a 71-year old man-baby.Kelly wants to know what Trump is going to tweet before he tweets it. He wants to put a system in place where aides and advisers don t find out about policy decisions via Twitter. But Trump s worst, most frustrated, and most damaging tweets often come late at night or early in the morning   times Kelly says he can t monitor. So he s got his work cut out for him if he thinks he can rein in Trump s tweeting.Featured image via Chris Kleponis-Pool/Getty Images",0
664, McCain Exposes How Capitol Hill Republicans REALLY Feel About Trump,"Arizona Senator John McCain has never been a fan of Donald Trump. We all remember how he viciously attacked McCain s military service, when McCain was imprisoned and tortured during the Vietnam War while Trump got multiple military deferments. Also, McCain is often openly critical of Trump, and he was the final GOP Senator to sink the so-called  skinny repeal  of the Affordable Care Act. To put it delicately, there is no love lost between the two men.Now, it seems that McCain, who is battling brain cancer is really speaking his mind, no matter who would criticize him for doing so. This time, his target is to expose the real feelings of Capitol Hill Republicans when it comes to Donald Trump. McCain said in an interview to The New York Times regarding Trump s reelection chances: They see weakness in this president. Look, it s not a nice business we re in. McCain then went on to rip the chaos of the Trump White House, and particularly the effect their incompetence is having on national security: I urge the President to resolve the differences within his administration as soon as possible and decide on a policy and strategy that can achieve our national security interests in Afghanistan and the region. The thing is, traditional Republicans never wanted Donald Trump to be their nominee or their president. They knew, like anyone else watching, that he was woefully unfit to be president of the United States. However, instead of putting their country before their party, they propped Trump up anyway, and their fear of his voters will not allow them to speak out, or to do anything about him.However, John McCain is such a towering, respected figure in the United States Senate that it s clear he just doesn t give a damn. He ll say what he thinks about Trump   and will expose the cowardice of those within his own party in their refusal to do so on their own.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images ",0
665, BAD NEWS For Trump: His White Voter Base Just Abandoned Him,"It looks like Donald Trump is going to be a one-term president.Of course, that s assuming he isn t impeached or indicted before his four-year term comes to an end. But even if Trump does avoid those scenarios, he cannot avoid the wrath of voters in 2020.And it turns out that Trump s own voter base is turning against him.During the 2016 Election, 66 percent of white voters without a college degree voted for Trump, which speaks volumes about the importance of a good education.In June, 53 percent of those voters still supported Trump and approved of his job performance.The latest Quinnipiac poll, however, has bad news for Trump and the Republican Party.Trump s support among white voters without a college degree has slipped to under 50 percent.Indeed, only 43 percent now approve of the way he is doing his job. And his numbers are cratering among white men and women. Right now, 47 percent of white men still approve of Trump, but that s down from the 62 percent who voted for him. Trump s number among white women are even worse as a whopping 64 percent disapprove of him.In a statement about the poll numbers, assistant director of the Quinnipiac poll had a laundry list of reasons why Trump s numbers have fallen through the floor. It s hard to pick what is the most alarming number in the troubling trail of new lows for President Donald Trump. Profound embarrassment over his performance in office and deepening concern over his level-headedness have to raise the biggest red flags. The daily drip drip of missteps and firings and discord are generating a tidal wave of bad polling numbers. Overall, the poll showed that only 33 percent of Americans approve of Trump while 61 percent disapprove.This is a disaster for Republicans that will only get worse as long as Trump remains in office. And it s unlikely that Republicans will keep Trump off the ballot in 2020 because they don t want to anger the extremists in their party. And that could have a down-ballot effect that really comes down like a sledgehammer on the GOP. If Republicans don t lose the Senate and House in 2018, they almost certainly will in 2020 with a VERY unpopular Trump on the ballot.It s also a major blow to Trump s fragile ego. He still thinks everyone loves him and he will likely think the same going into the 2020 Election. And then he will be totally humiliated when he becomes the one-term president that President Obama never was despite how desperately Republicans tried to sabotage him.Featured image via Steve Pope/Getty Images",0
666, Another Fox Host Just Got Busted Sexually Harassing Female Staff,"It s an epidemic over there inside the Fox network studios: The guys there can t seem to keep their dicks to themselves.The first big-news takedown of a star at the cable channel was network bigwig Roger Ailes, who has since thankfully passed away (who could handle looking at his Jabba-like appearance with  SEX SCANDAL  blaring in the background?). Then earlier this year, Bill O Reilly, the detestable prime time face of Fox News, was  vacationed  until it was no longer tenable and they had to cut ties. The president of their sports division, Jamie Horowitz, struck out next, getting sacked early in July.Now Fox is dealing with the fallout of another explosive accusation, this time against insufferable asshat and The Five host Eric Bolling.Late Friday, the Huffington Post reported they had confirmation from two undisclosed current and former co-stars of Bolling s that the noted bigot and conspiracy theorist had sent them unsolicited pictures of his genitals. I use the clinical term for fear I might accidentally imagine what Bolling s little  breaking news  might look like.Unfortunately for the minor celebrity, his junk is apparently as famous as he is: According to the HuffPo piece, the recipients of the photos shared them with at least four other people, and conversation about the photos   which can be just as descriptive   reached the ears of more than a dozen. In all, HuffPo spoke to 14 people about the allegations, and everybody s story matched.Maybe Eric s got a freckle or something.A spokesman for Fox deflected, saying  We were just informed of this and plan to investigate the matter. As for Bolling himself, he has been silent. But his lawyer was quick with the standard denial boilerplate:Mr. Bolling recalls no such inappropriate communications, does not believe he sent any such communications, and will vigorously pursue his legal remedies for any false and defamatory accusations that are made.Bolling s exclusive interview with Donald Trump at the start of his newest show The Specialists may have  rubbed  off on Eric in just the kind of way you d image when two lecherous piles of garbage like that get together. We ll see if Trump continues to tweet support for the soon-to-be-fired newsman.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
667, Trump Just Used His Twitter To Break The Law In The Dumbest Way Imaginable,"Donald Trump seems to go out of his way to do exceedingly dumb things. It s almost as if he is doing them on purpose. On Friday, Trump s moronic action of the day was to break the law. Again. This time, with his Twitter account.Trump just couldn t wait to jump onto his favorite social media platform and brag about his great jobs report   not even for one measly hour to comply with the law. A mere 15 minutes after the job report was released, Trump was bragging about it on Twitter:Excellent Jobs Numbers just released   and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 4, 2017Here s the problem. According to a federal rule, executive branch officials have to wait one hour after this type of information is released before publicly commenting on it. The specific rule, the Office of Management and Budget s Statistical Policy Directive No. 3, has been in place since 1985 and states: Except for members of the staff of the agency issuing the principal economic indicator who have been designated by the agency head to provide technical explanations of the data, employees of the Executive Branch shall not comment publicly on the data until at least one hour after the official release time. Well, okay. Trump s a dumbass. We all know this. You can tell from his vocabulary that he isn t the brightest crayon in the box. So, maybe he just didn t know that he was supposed to keep his big mouth shut for a whopping 60 minutes? Yeah, well, no. He knew. We know he knew because his administration has gotten themselves in trouble before for breaking this very same rule in the very same way.Back in March, Sean Spicer was too excited to wait that hour when the February jobs report was released and couldn t stop himself from tweeting about it after only 22 minutes.Great news for American workers: economy added 235,000 new jobs, unemployment rate drops to 4.7% in first report for @POTUS Trump  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) March 10, 2017And everybody cried foul when this happened five months ago, so it isn t like no one ever told them about this rule. They knew. Trump knew. He just didn t care because he is convinced that the rules don t apply to him.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
668, The Russia Investigation’s Special Counsel Just Made Trump’s Problems A Whole Lot Worse,"First, he impaneled a grand jury. Then the grand jury began issuing subpoenas. Now, investigators working for Special Counsel Robert Mueller have issued an official request for White House documents pertaining to the Russia investigation. Specifically, they re looking for things related to Michael Flynn, Russia, and Turkey. The requests aren t subpoenas, but they could become subpoenas if the White House refuses to hand them over.Investigators are interested in payments that Flynn received for speeches given to Russian companies. Flynn s financial disclosure forms initially didn t include the payments from the Russian companies, and he had to file an amended version with those payments later on.Gee, it almost looks like he tried to hide his contacts with anyone Russian, just like Jared Kushner and Jeff Sessions.But Mueller s team is also looking into Trump s own financial ties with Russia, and other possible financial crimes on Trump s part, too. Trump tried to intimidate Mueller on that front, warning him not to go that far and to keep the investigation s focus on Russian collusion. Mueller has, more or less, told Trump to go screw himself. Trump s outside counsel says that they ll resist anything from Mueller s office that goes beyond the  mandate specified in the appointment. Oh, please. That positively reeks of fear. It s also further evidence that the Trump administration doesn t believe that the Department of Justice or any agency within it should be independent of the White House.The FBI is also interested in a $530,000 payment made to the Flynn Intel Group for work on discrediting an opponent of the Turkish government. They re looking to see if the Turkish government was behind those payments, or if it really was a private deal between Flynn s company and a Turkish American businessman. They ve begun questioning people on this very thing, too.It s not illegal to be paid by foreign governments. It is illegal to fail to register as a foreign agent while taking those payments. Flynn s registration as a foreign agent only happened after his company s work with Turkey was revealed.The fear is there and it s real. Mueller has cast a very wide net and it s beginning to catch some fish. Trump s 17-day vacation has a dark cloud over it, as does the White House.Featured image via Chris Kleponis-Pool/Getty Images",0
669, Emboldened NRA Threatens New York Times: ‘We’re Coming For You’ (VIDEO),"The NRA has a new favorite toy, but there are no bullets involved   except maybe the bullet points they include in their scripts. Dana Loesch has transformed herself from useful Fox News idiot to darling of the Second Amendment, and the NRA is more than happy to put her stern but beautiful face on camera.Earlier this year, Loesch and the NRA put out a video recruiting ad they called  The Clenched Fist of Truth.  It accused the left of  assassinating real news  and using wedge issues like homophobia, racism, and sexism to stifle the views of conservative Americans. In the video, schoolchildren are depicted on a playground just before Loesch says they re being indoctrinated to believe Trump is  another Hitler.  In short, it s disgusting. Civil rights activist DeRay McKesson summed it up:This NRA ad is an open call to violence to protect white supremacy. If I made a video like this, I'd be in jail. pic.twitter.com/LD65yMUMVn  deray mckesson (@deray) June 29, 2017But the backlash was short-lived, and in an environment as rich with news as the Trump era, it was quickly forgotten, despite its gross, dangerous message.Now Dana and the NRA are back with a new ad, equally violent, this time aimed at the New York Times. Loesch carefully phrases her threats as a shot across the  proverbial  bow of the Times, so as to avoid being accused of outright incitement. But the accusations in the video mirror perfectly the paranoia, suspicion, and resentment of Trump fans who want to believe that news they don t like is  fake.  And the final phrase in the video    We re coming for you    is as menacing as anything else the NRA has done.In a near-derailing of the conversation, a few pundits misheard Loesch s use of the word Fisk (a  verb-ing  of the last name of a writer considered easily debunked by right-wingers who disagree with him), thinking instead that she had said  fist.  If that seems like a silly thing to get hung up on, the context clears it up:We re going to fisk the New York Times and find out just what deep rich means to this old gray hag.If you thought that said  fist,  the meaning is changed considerably. Their mistake wasn t just one of hearing, though   the tweet from the NRA accompanying the video uses the hashtag #ClenchedFistOfTruth. The mistake is understandable. Loesch didn t think so: She blew up at a few notable tweeters who made the error.The new, Orwellian video says, in part:We ve had it with your constant protection of your Democrat overlords, your refusal to acknowledge any truth that upsets the fragile construct that you believe is real life.Somebody is confused about what s real and what s not   and it s not the New York Times.Watch the video here:.@DLoesch has a message for the @nytimes:  We're coming for you.  One non-#fakenews story is not enough. #NRA #ClenchedFistofTruth pic.twitter.com/Hm1QkJi5Tp  NRATV (@NRATV) August 3, 2017Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
670," Kellyanne Conway Just Humiliated Herself On National TV, Displays STUNNING Incompetence (VIDEO)","Donald Trump sure hasn t done himself any favors by appointing equally incompetent staffers and advisors to head up his administration. Kellyanne Conway has definitely made a name for herself amongst these moronic characters, as she has become one of the least liked people on Trump s team due to her alternative facts, refusal to answer questions, and being disturbingly misinformed about how the government works.This was shown perfectly on Friday when Kellyanne Conway went on Fox News and tried to defend Trump from the grand jury that will be examining Trump s Russia scandal. Instead of making a sound argument for Trump, she humiliated herself on national television by not knowing that grand juries are public information. You can watch this moment below, where Conway said: You know, the grand jury investigations are meant to remain secret, so someone leaked it. It could be anybody that s in the grand jury. It could be one of the lawyers. It could be anyone, I suppose. Leaking the phone calls between our president and other heads of state is nothing short of a national disgrace.   @KellyannePolls pic.twitter.com/AbiHaRpIVJ  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) August 4, 2017Once again, the incompetence of Trump s team is astounding. Law and justice reporter Brad Heath was quick to point out how wrong Conway was:Conway had tried to attack the grand jury investigating Trump, and pretty much fell flat on her face. Unfortunately, while the fact that she s this moronic is somewhat comical, the Trump voters watching this won t know any better and will end up believing her.After Conway s flub, Fox News did its best to redirect the conversation back to something that would keep viewers from noticing   so everyone started freaking out about the leaks coming from the White House. It is absolutely pathetic that at a time when the president is under investigation for financial crimes and collusion with Russia, as well as obstruction of justice, Conway and Fox News are whining about leaks and grand juries. Then again, you can t expect much from people who are THIS stupid.Featured image via screenshot",0
671," Republicans Respond To Trump’s Threats, Presidency In Freefall (DETAILS)","No one takes Donald Trump seriously anymore. Not the majority of Americans who voted against him, not a good portion of regretful Trump voters, and not even the members of the party that helped get him elected so he could push their agenda forward. That s right   Trump has become a joke to many members of the Republican Party now, and he knows it. In fact, he s throwing a tantrum trying to get their attention. But no matter what he does now, it s not working. He s lost them for good.Trump has recently resorted to making threats to Republican lawmakers to try and show them who is boss, but they aren t afraid of him anymore. Now that Special Counsel Robert Mueller s investigation into Russia is closing in on Trump, the GOP is actually ignoring him more than they are listening, according to a report by Vanity Fair.On Thursday, Mueller decided to impanel a grand jury for Trump s Russia investigation, signaling to many Republicans that they needed to act quickly to prevent Trump from sabotaging the effort. Sen. Thom Tillis (R-NC) told the Washington Post: The Mueller situation really gave rise to our thinking about how we can address this, address the current situation. With Mueller targeting Trump and now that healthcare is off the table after many failures (even though Trump is still demanding that GOPers work on legislation), Republicans are moving on. Vanity Fair reported: Republicans used to be afraid of Trump. Now, they re mostly ignoring him. The administration s ham-handed attempts to coerce Senators Dean Heller and Lisa Murkowski to vote  yes  on Obamacare repeal were met with sharp criticism from Republican lawmakers. And Trump s threats in the aftermath of the failed health-care vote last week fell on deaf ears. Sen. Bob Corker (R-TN) was also cited for his comments about Trump s bullying to Republican lawmakers over the healthcare debacle. Corker said: If that s what he wants to do, he ought to just do it. [As] probably he s learned over the last couple of weeks, threats don t really go over particularly well. My advice would be to either do it or don t do it. The GOP is finally growing a spine and abandoning Trump, who will inevitably sink his own ship. All of these threats are falling on deaf ears now.Featured image via Jeff J Mitchell /Getty Images",0
672," Remember Trump’s Biggest Campaign Promise? Yeah, Well, He Was Just Kidding","Before his campaign morphed into angry hordes of MAGA hat wearing white people chanting  lock her up!  the chants were about building a wall to keep all those Mexican rapists our of our country.Of course, anyone with half a brain knows that building a wall against a 2,000-mile border, much of which is either under water or privately owned, is a logistical and financial nightmare. Nonetheless, Donald Trump continues to talk about the wall, but one Republican Congressman, Rep Francis Rooney (R-FL) finally broke down and told the truth today. Trump was lying to his supporters. I think it s another bit of campaign rhetoric,  Rooney said on CNN Thursday.  It s highly unusual, but I don t think that anyone during the campaign seriously thought that Mexico would pay for that wall even though we all desperately believe the wall s a metaphor for border security. On CNN on Thursday, Rooney said that campaigns are full of promises comments, promises, commitments, expressions, vitriolic diatribes but that  once the campaign s over, it s time to move on to governing. Source: Think ProgressHere s the video:This was following the release of a transcript from a January phone call between Trump and Mexico s President Enrique Pe a Nieto. In the call, Trump admitted that the wall was nothing but a political ruse.At one point in his call with Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto, Trump even acknowledges that the wall is  the least important thing we are talking about, but politically this might be the most important. You hear that, Trump supporters? That applause line that Trump used with such gusto for basically his entire campaign    Build that wall,  and  Who s going to pay for it? (Crowd response: MEXICO!) ? It was all vote-bait, red meat for voters who didn t know that it was completely impractical and would never happen. And within his first days in office   this call took place on Jan. 27, a week after Trump s inauguration   Trump was already throwing in the towel on it on a call with the Mexican president.Source: Washington PostWell, Trump voters didn t quite see it as just more campaign rhetoric. According to polls, 79 percent of Trump voters really wanted that wall. Now they, like the rest of us, are screwed.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
673," Chuck Todd Has No F*cks To Give, Says Jeff Sessions Can Take His Threats And Shove It","Former reality show star Donald Trump launched a war on the free press during his campaign and it s been ongoing ever since. On Friday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that the Justice Department is reviewing policies for subpoenaing reporters and forcing them to give up their sources and that s not going to go down very well.NBC s  Meet the Press  moderator Chuck Todd gave zero f*cks over Sessions  threat and said flat out that he would ignore any subpoena the Department of Justice issues him. If DoJ media source threat is real (I assume it s not; just a show presser to please WH) then I look forward to ignoring that subpoena,  Todd tweeted.If DoJ media source threat is real (I assume it's not; just a show presser to please WH) then I look forward to ignoring that subpoena  Chuck Todd (@chucktodd) August 4, 2017 One of the things we are doing is reviewing the policies affecting media subpoenas,  Sessions said Thursday.  We respect the important role that the press plays, and we will give our support. But, it is not unlimited. They cannot place lives at risk with impunity. I have this message for the intelligence community: the Department of Justice is open for business,  he added.  And I have this warning for would-be leakers: don t do it. The worst way to stop leaks: threats,  Todd responded to Sessions  threat.The worst way to stop leaks: threats  Chuck Todd (@chucktodd) August 4, 2017Meanwhile, Trump supporters are attacking Todd on Twitter.Look at what has been unleashed. I wonder if this is an actual American citizen or a foreign bot. https://t.co/WQYVvYNrem  Chuck Todd (@chucktodd) August 4, 2017Todd was responding to this tweet.The freedom of the press should be ripped up & thrown in the garbage. Name your sources or STFU  ??  Jonathan ?? (@JJay_973) August 4, 2017I'll say it again: the best way to prevent leaks for ANY org? Be a leader that inspires loyalty and cut out the staff infighting.  Chuck Todd (@chucktodd) August 4, 2017Oddly, Sessions made no mention of the Leaker-in-Chief who has revealed sensitive information on his Twitter timeline. Threats by Team Trump issued to the free press are nothing new. Sessions is suggesting that he s trying to protect the intelligence community, which is another entity Donald J. Trump has repeatedly attacked. This newest assault follows leaked transcripts published by the Washington Post which portrays a totally incompetent man trying to talk to world leaders. Trump s team of misfits only wants positive coverage for the amateur president and we re going to go out on a limb here and suggest that maybe telling the truth might help.Image: screen capture",0
674, WATCH: Fox Host Calls For Revolt If Grand Jury Indicts Trump,"If a grand jury indicts Donald Trump, one Fox News host wants conservatives to revolt in retaliation.When Robert Mueller impaneled a grand jury to hear evidence in Trump s Russia scandal, it was a huge deal.Should Trump get indicted, he would be the first president to get indicted.Richard Nixon and Bill Clinton were nearly indicted but special prosecutors waited for impeachment proceedings instead. Nixon resigned before he could be impeached and was subsequently pardoned by Geral Ford. Clinton s impeachment trial ended in his favor, so Ken Starr abandoned the indictment effort.Trump, however, is not being impeached at the moment because Republicans still refuse to do their constitutional duty. So the next best thing is a criminal indictment, which could be slapped against Trump or any member of his family if the grand jury sees fit to do so.That s going to depend on the evidence, of which there is plenty thanks to Donald Trump Jr., who released emails confirming that Trump s campaign colluded with Russia during the 2016 Election.Fox News host Jeanine Pirro all but directly threatened bloody violence if the grandy jury indicts Trump or any member of his family, even if the evidence proves one or all of them broke the law. I m sure this is on Donald s mind, he never stops thinking,  Pirro began.  But at the same time, this is an agenda. Pirro then warned that an  uprising  will occur upon indictment. Here is my concern. If they end up with an indictment against a family member, just to get at Donald Trump because they couldn t get at him, there is going to be a real uproar, a real uprising in this country. Pirro then accused Mueller of rigging the grand jury against Trump. I was a prosecutor for 32 years, you can indict a ham sandwich. The only person in that grand jury is the district attorney who is interacting with all of those grand jurors on what the law is   and the body language is clear! Here s the video via Twitter..@JudgeJeanine: There will be an uproar in this country if they end up with an indictment against a Trump family member just to get at POTUS pic.twitter.com/tm10kRA2Ws  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) August 4, 2017If indicting somebody is that easy, one wonders why so many police officers have been let off the hook by grand juries in recent years. Indeed, grand juries have failed to indict in clear cases where police officers murdered unarmed black men. Just look at the Eric Garner case for example. Garner was strangled to death just for allegedly selling cigarettes. The grand jury in that case decided not to indict the officer who killed him even though Garner s death was ruled a homicide.The evidence was clear. Garner s death was even caught on film. It should have been enough to send the police officer to prison. Instead, the grand jury chose to indict the man who filmed Garner s murder.Clearly, Pirro is wrong about grand juries.Pirro is also wrong to incite an  uprising  just because the walls of justice are closing in on Trump and his crime family. This amounts to a threat against the grand jury, which could be seen as interference. Pirro is literally telling the grand jury to absolve Trump or face possible violent retribution. That s unacceptable and Robert Mueller should question Pirro for it.She may be a former judge and prosecutor, but tampering with a grand jury in this way is still a crime she could be punished for.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
675," Senate Has Had Enough Of Trump’s Obstruction, Handcuffs His Ability To Appoint An AG To Fire Mueller","Ever since the recusal of Attorney General Jeff Sessions from the investigation into Russia s meddling in the 2016 presidential election and the subsequent appointment of Special Counsel Robert Mueller, Donald Trump has been attempting to find a way to get rid of Mueller and shut down the investigation. Since he doesn t have the power to fire Mueller directly, Trump has been gunning for a way to have an Attorney General installed who will do his bidding. It is the reason for his constant public humiliation of Sessions, and for his constantly calling the entire probe into his campaign s possible collusion with Russia a  witch hunt  and a  hoax.  Well, it seems that the United States Senate has had enough.Senators have been worried that Trump would fire Sessions and appoint a loyal toady in his place during the August recess without Senate confirmation. Therefore, they have decided to hold what are called pro-forma sessions during the recess to handcuff Trump s ability to appoint anyone to any positions without the approval of the majority of the United States Senate. These sessions are nothing more than having a member of the majority to preside briefly every three days during the recess, so that the Senate is technically in session. This keeps Trump from being able to do anything regarding whatever loyalists he may appoint to whatever position.This all comes on the heels of Special Counsel Mueller impaneling a grand jury with regards to the Russia investigation. Trump can t be happy, and will likely begin attacking Senators on Twitter once he learns what has just happened to his plans to fire Mueller before anyone around him can be indicted.This action on the part of the Senate should come as no surprise, though, as Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley has already warned Trump that he will absolutely not confirm a new Attorney General if Trump decides to fire Sessions.What s next, pre-emptive pardons? Something tells me that at this rate, the Senate will have an answer for that as well.Featured image via Thomas Lohnes/Getty Images",0
676," Newsweek’s Latest Cover Effortlessly Demolishes ‘Lazy’ Trump, Meltdown Imminent (IMAGE)","The August 11, 2017 issue of Newsweek is one you might want to pick up. In fact, if you happen to own a golf course or two, you might even want to hang some copies up for decoration, because all that s missing from the cover is the golden club he got as a gift from the PM of Japan leaning against his easy chair.Accompanying the cover is a scathing op-ed from Brendan Smialowski that tears apart the legend Trump has tried to cultivate: He paints a picture of a successful presidency so far, with lots of accomplishments, admiration,  deals  with foreign leaders, and a jet-setting lifestyle befitting the king he surely thinks he is. Smialowski disagrees:The most impressive quality of Trump s myth is not just that it strays from reality but how thoroughly, even aggressively, it contravenes easily confirmable fact. When he was king, he was the King of Debt, and he may still owe as much as $1.8 billion to creditors. His casinos closed. His airline went bust. But even as he accrued failures, lawsuits and debts, Trump managed to turn  Trump  into a synonym for success. The letters were made of plastic, but they were dipped in gold.The article is a must-read, but it s the image on the cover, titled  LAZY BOY, that steals the show:Image via TwitterThe composite image, the caption, the details in this picture   it s almost too good to be true. I don t know if I would have depicted the corpulent commander with a diet soda, but the lazily-wiped Cheeto dust on his $250 Oxford shirt more than makes up for the forgiving choice of beverage.Beside the image is a damning round-up of his presidency by the numbers:  SIX months in office, 40 days at golf clubs, ZERO pieces of major legislation. I wouldn t be surprised if all that fast food starts coming back on the president pretty quickly when this issue hits the stands.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
677," The Gun Industry Is Hating Trump And The GOP, And The Reason Why Is Hilarious","One would think that the gun industry would thrive under an entirely Republican government, because more people would feel good about the government s stance on gun legislation. The NRA loves Republicans because they always push to loosen gun laws, even in the face of horrific tragedy (especially in the face of horrific tragedy). Oddly enough, such is not the case. The gun industry is suffering under Donald Trump, and the reason why is quite amusing, to say the least.The gun industry, which the NRA represents whether they want to admit it or not, thrives on fear   specifically, fear of losing gun rights. Conservatives  abject fear that the government will make buying guns more difficult, and will probably also come and take the guns they already have, really only happens under Democrats. So they go out and buy up more guns so that a) They already have their guns, and b) So they re better able to defend themselves when the big, bad, tyrannical blue people come to steal what they think is their only method of holding onto their freedoms.Under President Obama, various gun manufacturers  share prices soared because of the increased sales. The market responded badly to Trump s election, however, and these same manufacturers  shares plummeted and have not recovered. The post-election market boom that other industries enjoyed didn t touch the gun industry. You can see the huge dip two major manufacturers took in November, just after the election, and how much they ve struggled to recover below:Image via Yahoo! FinanceOf course, gun manufacturers are trying to spin the Republicans  victories as a positive on their earnings calls. In February, Michael Fifer, the CEO of Sturm, Ruger, said: You ve got more concealed carry in more states  You ve got more new shooters coming along [ ] All that stuff drives demand. And in some municipalities, you have the cops backing off. They re being seen by the media too often as the enemy. And so, they re backing off, and crime rates in those cities are soaring to the roof. Those people could care less who s President. They want to defend themselves. But as of today, share prices continued their slumps. For an industry that thrives on fear of Democrats, a Republican government is a dreadful thing.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
678," Thanks To Trump, ‘Local Milk People’ Is Trending, And That’s Not Weird AT ALL","Thursday morning, the Washington Post released transcripts they obtained of two important phone calls Donald Trump place shortly after his inauguration. The first was to Mexican president Enrique Pe a Nieto, and Trump placed a call to Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull the very next day. But it was the latter call that sparked a trending topic on Twitter, following the discovery of a bizarre turn of phrase by the American president. Speaking to Turnbull about the Syrian refugee crisis, Trump said:I hate taking these people. I guarantee you they are bad. That is why they are in prison right now. They are not going to be wonderful people who go on to work for the local milk people.It was those last four words    the local milk people    that set off a hilarious stream of tweets that still has us laughing. What could Trump have possibly meant?*steps away from twitter for literally two seconds*""what the hell are local milk people""  Ali Watkins (@AliWatkins) August 3, 2017maybe ""local milk people"" is what Trump calls cows  Walmart Azathoth (@bombsfall) August 3, 2017'Give me your tired, your poor ""Local Milk People"" yearning to deliver for free'#LocalMilkPeople  990-6907XB71 (@kinoptika) August 3, 2017How good a person are you on a scale from Refugee to Works For The Local Milk People?  Cyrus O'Merican (@CyrusOMerican) August 3, 2017Look at this sad local milk person. He's sad because refugees are not wonderful people who will go on to work for the #localmilkpeople. pic.twitter.com/TsDGh4fVLF  Jon Fassnacht (@JonFassnachtRE) August 3, 2017Local Milk People's new album GRAND JURY BLUES pic.twitter.com/eu7yBo3w3c  ElElegante101 (@skolanach) August 3, 2017This might be one of the members of the ""Local Milk People"" #Trump was referring to. #Kiss pic.twitter.com/vUArn0DLgB  Harry Disco (@harrydisco) August 3, 2017Tonight, there will be at least 500 trivia teams around the country named Local Milk People.  Jason Notte (@Notteham) August 3, 2017One of the ""local milk people"" is Ivanka's real dad. #birther #conspiracy  Dusten Taylor (@DecUnderground) August 3, 2017Who decided to call them wet nurses rather than local milk people?  bannonSucOwnCock.gif (@RegularFred) August 3, 2017The La Leche League should rename the organization Local Milk People to really fuck him off.  Amanda Mancino (@Manda_like_wine) August 3, 2017Local Milk People sounds like a dating website for milk enthusiasts.  Aeijan (I-zin) (@HeHellaAsian) August 3, 2017when you are confused about a #Trumpism just use your fox network decoder ring . local milk people pic.twitter.com/PnDdxXai7s  Amanda C. Harder (@AmandaCHarder) August 3, 2017Local milk people pic.twitter.com/m0JtvzKsz3  Erin ?Gloria? Ryan (@morninggloria) August 3, 2017But it was the tone of the comment that really set people off.""Local milk people"" god does he ever say anything that doesn't sound so condescending and stupid? How more out of touch could he be??  Carol Coolidge ? (@Carol_Coolidge) August 3, 2017Sure, it s hilarious that Donald Trump sounds like such a complete tool. But how out of touch do you have to be to say something like that? At least the last completely detached Republican candidate for president ended up knowing what real life looks like:PHOTO: HOT on Reddit right now   Mitt Romney pumping gas pic.twitter.com/ik8O7J10  NewsBreaker (@NewsBreaker) November 20, 2012I doubt Trump will ever pump his own gas, but maybe as president he could at least learn where milk comes from?Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
679," Top Republicans TRASH Trump’s Immigration Proposal, GOP In Pieces (TWEET)","Donald Trump has successfully torn the Republican Party (and America) apart. His policies have not only divided Americans across the country, but even members of his own party are at odds with their president s policies.One thing that is shattering the GOP is the growing opposition to Trump s immigration agenda. During Trump s campaign and budding presidency, Trump was touting a border wall and mass deportations. Now that Trump has announced somewhat more concrete plans, some high profile Republicans are publicly voicing their disappointment.One of the most outspoken GOPers going up against Trump is South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham, who is warning Trump that his merit-based immigration plan would be a  disaster  for states like South Carolina. Graham said in a statement: After dealing with this issue for more than a decade, I know that when you restrict legal labor to employers it incentivizes cheating. Here s Trump announcing his merit-based system, called the RAISE Act:I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers & taxpayers. Watch: https://t.co/lv3ScSKnF6 #RAISEAct pic.twitter.com/zCFK5OfYnB  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 2, 2017Since Trump announced the RAISE Act on Tuesday, it has been opposed by several Democratic lawmakers and several Republicans like Graham. These lawmakers are arguing that Trump s proposed plan puts the service industry  in peril.  Graham explained: South Carolina s number one industry is agriculture and tourism is number two. If this proposal were to become law, it would be devastating to our state s economy which relies on this immigrant workforce. South Carolina s agriculture and tourism industry advertise for American workers and want to fill open positions with American workers. Unfortunately, many of these advertised positions go unfilled. Hotels, restaurants, golf courses and farmers will tell you this proposal to cut legal immigration in half would put their business in peril. Another South Carolina Republican, Tim Scott, also opposed Trump s plans. Scott stated that America needed to fix  our broken illegal immigration problem  but also wanted the country  to encourage the legal process  due to its positive effects on the labor force. Senate Republican Conference Chairman John Thune had similar concerns about the labor workforce. He said: If we get on immigration, there will be a lot of different perspectives on that  We have workforce needs, and some of those are filled by the immigrant labor supply. Unfortunately, this is likely going to fall on deaf ears, considering that the current POTUS was ignorant enough to say in his campaign announcement, When Mexico sends its people, they aren t sending their best.  Trump has been anti-immigration from the start, and he clearly doesn t care if the way he goes about it sucks.Featured image is a screenshot",0
680, REPORT: Team Trump Ordered Border Patrol To Defy Members Of Congress In Original Muslim Ban,"The roll out of the first version of Donald Trump s bigoted Muslim ban was nothing short of chaotic. People were arriving in America, only to be turned around and sent back, or detained. Even green card holders were stopped at ports of entry into the nation. There were even photos of children and elderly and disabled people being handcuffed. It was one of the most horrifically un-American moments in this nation s history. Now, new reporting from the Daily Beast shows that that Trump administration s plans regarding the implementation of this ban were even more sinister.It seems that this was the first trial balloon for Trump s intention to bypass a co-equal branch of government, as his people at the ports of entry were told to ignore judges and members of Congress trying to cut past the chaos created by Trump. Instead of letting these people do their jobs, Border Patrol agents were told to ignore them. Senator Cory Booker (D-NJ) says of these revelations: I m extremely troubled that CBP [Customs and Border Protection] employees would be instructed by superiors to ignore Congressional representatives trying to do their job, especially under such circumstances. We suspected as much at the time, but it s jarring to see it in black and white. I ll be seeking more information from CBP on this matter. These disturbing developments come via a leaked email from Todd Owen, of the Customs and Border Patrol Commission said to his people at the ports of entry: As stated on the call earlier today, you and your staff are NOT to engage with the media or Congressional representatives at this time. Please make sure your subordinate Port Directors are following this direction. Please report any such requests to acting AC[REDACTED] from Congressional Affairs. Thank you. Further, the Border Patrol agents were explicitly told to be suspicious of attorneys attempting to help   in other words, this is why people were denied counsel in such a brazenly unconstitutional way.If this doesn t tell you how little respect this autocratic administration has for our form of government and way of living, I don t know what will. This is a dictatorship unfolding right before our eyes.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
681, Australia Prime Minister Tells Trump To Man Up And Accept Refugees Because ‘A Deal’s A Deal’,"The  deal-maker  just got owned.Donald Trump embarrassed himself and America again during a recent phone call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull.As we all know, President Obama struck a deal with Australia in 2015 agreeing to take 2,000 refugees from Nauru and Papua New Guinea s Manus Island.But Trump doesn t want to honor the deal, so he whined about it. I hate taking these people,  Trump said.  I guarantee you they are bad. That is why they are in prison right now. They are not going to be wonderful people who go on to work for the local milk people. The refugees are in a detention camp right now because they have been denied entry into Australia. They are not necessarily  bad  people.Trump s  milk people  remark is a reference to the American dairy industry.It s a racist remark, of course. Because not all immigrants perform farm work. Some become doctors and businessmen. Some become teachers and police officers. Some even go into politics.The fact is that United States can also hold these refugees until a thorough vetting process is complete before allowing them to resettle. Therefore, Trump s concern that these refugees are  bad  is ridiculous.Anyway, Turnbull, who is also a businessman, told Trump to suck it up and honor the terms of the agreement. There is nothing more important in business or politics than a deal is a deal,  Turnbull reminded Trump.  You can certainly say that it was not a deal that you would have done, but you are going to stick with it. In other words, the man who allegedly wrote  The Art of The Deal  just got schooled on deal-making by Australia s prime minister.Turnbull is right. A deal is a deal and Trump must comply with it or risk angering and alienating one of our closest allies.Trump cannot just go back and examine every deal made in American history and go back on it if he doesn t agree with it. That s not how governing works. Sitting presidents must honor the agreements made by their predecessors. Anything else violates trust between nations and hurts our reputation around the globe.He can try to renegotiate a deal if he wishes and some deals can even be voided by Congress. But the deal with Australia will be hard to renegotiate because Turnbull expects America to honor it.And we should. It s the right thing to do.Featured Image: Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
682, Trump Got Another Totally Real Letter From A Not Fake Kid Who Loves Him And No One’s Buying It,"Sarah Huckabee Sanders decided to once again show everyone how much people love Donald Trump by reading a suspicious letter allegedly sent this time from a child in Falls Church, Virginia.This letter come from  Frank,  who is 10 or 11 years old (Sanders could not exactly decide, later amending his age because Frank had a  birthday ) and wants to mow the White House lawn for free (which is good because Trump doesn t exactly pay his contractors).Sanders invited  Frank  to work in the Rose Garden with the groundskeeper for a morning, then did something that is more disgusting if he is actually real than if he is not: she used  Frank s  letter to support the administration s new racist immigration agenda that will prioritize people who  speak English  over those who do not: It s our responsibility to keep the American dream alive for kids like Frank, immigrants who are already here and those who dream of immigrating here in the future. Recently, Sanders read a letter from a child called  Pickle  that was allegedly mailed unfolded to the White House.Dylan aka Pickle thank you for your letter and hope to meet you soon! pic.twitter.com/XZlJARZ9cs  Sarah Huckabee (@SarahHuckabee) July 26, 2017When the letter failed to prove that Pickle was real, it seems that a casting call for the role was successful complete with a photo of  Pickle  wearing a suit in front of (as the letter says) a Donald Trump-themed birthday cake. The photo included no other people. It is still unclear if  Pickle  actually wrote the unfolded-yet- mailed  letter, but a little boy allegedly named Dylan Harbin will be touring the White House soon.Unlike  Pickle s  letter, which appears to be a terrible mockup of what an idiot would assume is age-appropriate writing and spelling for a 10-year-old, Frank s is typed (but, as with the last one, it appears to have never been folded). Though Frank was able to type a letter, he appears incapable of signing his own name:.@SHSanders45: ""It is our duty to keep the American dream alive for kids like Frank."" pic.twitter.com/kaUMlgHn75  The White House (@WhiteHouse) August 2, 2017Let s say  Frank  and  Pickle  actually exist and were not in any way manufactured. We have a  President  who is attempting to use children to salvage his abysmal reputation and support his hateful agenda.Naturally, people are both skeptical of and sickened by this:It s your duty to keep the dream of child labor alive? Interesting.  Eric Rosso (@ericopinion) August 2, 2017Lol  please see attached flier   I admire your business background  sounds like a 10 yr old to me ?  Nancy ???  (@rinaldo_nancy) August 2, 2017Propaganda party again? ?Y all are some sick people.  Susan   (@susanmitch7) August 2, 2017Is that crossout on the signature where the president started to write  Donnie ?  Steven Dupler (@stevendupler) August 2, 2017Authenticity is highly doubted, but nice try Sarah. Next time how about we talk Russia policy?  J.A. Meyer (@JenniferMeyer6) August 2, 2017Oh my Gosh .a ten year old can t sign his name. You really want me to believe this?!  John connolly (@Johnthecon216) August 2, 2017Ya  That was totally penned by a 10yo.  Ben Weston (@psiphyr) August 2, 2017Frank is 10 and scribbles like he s 3?! My granddaughter is 6 and writes in full cursive! #TrumpLies #WHLies  lisa! Lisa! LISA! (@lisapalermo_) August 2, 2017Any kid that sounds that sophisticated in his verbiage would be able to sign his name more skillfully We think youre lying even if youre not  Donna Neal (@MizNeal67) August 2, 2017He writes so well but signs his name as if he were 5 years old? Looks like #FakeNews  Flor de Calabaza (@Zucchiniblute) August 2, 2017These bullshit fake ass kid letters are just ridiculous. Frank just started learning to write. I doubt he has started business or he exists  maatkare (@Maatkare) August 2, 2017Frank must be attending a Betsy DeVos accredited school. 10 years old and he can t sign or spell his own name. Fake Frank.  Jane Leamy (@parkcityjanie) August 2, 2017Frank can t sign his name at 10 but can write this type of letter? Lol! Which WH intern wrote it and signed it with their non-dominant hand?  Cubbybear1714 (@Cubbybear1744) August 2, 2017A 10 year old who signs his name like that wouldn t know how to make a plural into a possessive. This teacher isn t believing these.  GingeRoots17 (@GingeRoots17) August 2, 2017This was not written by a child. GTFOH. I hate how many people will believe this. 10 year olds don t write like that. America is losing it  Josiah Beamish (@josiahbeamish) August 2, 2017Frank is not real.  Johnnto (@johnnto) August 2, 2017If it seems like Trump wouldn t just make this up, keep in mind that he recently got busted hanging a fake Time Magazine cover in his establishments and making up a fake friend named  Jim. Wonder if Trump told  Frank  what a  dump  the White House is. Watch Sanders read this totally not fake letter below:Here's Sarah Huckabee Sanders reading a letter from 10-year-old Frank from Virginia https://t.co/0TCpj3P2xE  Meg Wagner (@megwagner) August 2, 2017Featured image via screengrab",0
683, McCain Just BRUTALLY Called Out Trump For His Hypocritical Support Of Russia,"Donald Trump finally signed the Countering America s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act on Wednesday.  This bill strengthens and expands sanctions on Russia, Iran, and North Korea. The legislation also blocks Trump from easing those sanctions for his good buddy Vladimir Putin.Some questioned if Trump would try to use his veto power even though the bill had passed both the House and Senate with overwhelming support. Such an effort would have been futile, as there was clearly enough support to override the veto. But still, it was a possibility since nothing is ever off the table with this administration. And as time drug on (the bill landed on Trump s desk Friday morning), we all began to wonder if Trump was actually going to sign it.When he finally did, Senator John McCain had a brutal response that was absolutely perfect. He started by explaining what this legislation would accomplish. I welcome President Trump s decision to sign legislation imposing new sanctions on Russia, Iran, and North Korea. The enactment of this legislation, which enjoyed overwhelming bipartisan support in both houses of Congress, sends a strong message to friend and foe alike that the United States will hold nations accountable for aggressive and destabilizing behavior that threatens our national interests and those of our allies and partners,  McCain wrote. The concerns expressed in the President s signing statement are hardly surprising, though misplaced. The Framers of our Constitution made the Congress and the President coequal branches of government. This bill has already proven the wisdom of that choice. Then McCain called Trump out for his continued hypocritical support of Russia. While the American people surely hope for better relations with Russia, what this legislation truly represents is their insistence that Vladimir Putin and his regime must pay a real price for attacking our democracy, violating human rights, occupying Crimea, and destabilizing Ukraine. On this critical issue of national security policy, it was the Congress that acted in the spirit of national unity to carry out the will of the American people. And that is why it is critical that the President comply with the letter and spirit of this legislation and fully implement all of its provisions. Going forward, I hope the President will be as vocal about Russia s aggressive behavior as he was about his concerns with this legislation. Boom!Sorry McCain, but I wouldn t count on Trump to stand up to Putin any time soon. Our  president  has proven time and time again that he will happily choose Russia over the United States and the American people. Trump s admiration for the Russian dictator and his murderous rule is as obvious as it is nauseating. Personally, I don t think that is likely to change. Trump is in so deep with Putin that he couldn t get out even if he wanted to.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
684, New Dramatic Poll Shows Just How Much Trump Has Humiliated Americans (DETAILS),"Before Donald Trump stepped foot in the White House, America was a well-respected country. Now, in just a few short months, the country has become a global laughingstock and Trump only continues to pour salt in the wound each day.Most Americans   especially the majority that voted against him   are embarrassed beyond belief to witness what is happening in Congress and in the Trump administration. However, the actual data might surprise some. Thanks to a poll by Quinnipiac University, we now know just how bad Americans are suffering under our new undeserving president. The poll reported: American voters say 54   26 percent that they are embarrassed rather than proud to have Trump as president. Voters say 57   40 percent he is abusing the powers of his office and say 60   36 percent that he believes he is above the law. The hilarious thing is that Trump is already running his reelection campaign for 2020   because he believes he actually has a chance! If America is currently THIS disappointed in Trump s performance, we can only imagine how eager the country will be to kick Trump out of the White House if he lasts his full term!These results show that more than ever, Trump is a national embarrassment. Trump is historically unpopular   not even former presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush were considered to be a humiliation by voters.No one can take Trump seriously as the leader of the free world, and no one has any respect for him   and because of that, Trump has no real power. The entire country is fed up with his childish antics and the way he has disgraced America s reputation. Not even members of his own party will help him get things done! Trump s own voters are now turning their backs on him and regretting their choice for POTUS. At this point, Trump has only been able to deliver one campaign promise   to unify America (against him).Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
685, Trump Experiments With State-Run TV And Gets Laughed Off The Internet,"Well, it s happened. In the manner of every other authoritarian douchebag since the invention of mass communications, Donald Trump is now experimenting with state-run television.Now, he is having his daughter-in-law Lara Trump host a  real news  program (as opposed to all the  FAKE NEWS  organizations who insist on telling the truth about him) directly on his Facebook page. Want to know what President Trump did this week?  the post says.  Watch here for REAL news! Naturally, what followed was a grievous misrepresentation of what actually happened through the week   and most of it, if not all, had already been covered by the  FAKE NEWS  media and in press conferences (which are also apparently FAKE NEWS now).(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.10"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Want to know what President Trump did this week? Watch here for REAL news!Posted by Donald J. Trump on Sunday, July 30, 2017Naturally, Americans are completely unimpressed by this. Though a spattering of mindless dolts showed up to support Trump s new propaganda outlet, most comments on the video look like this:               At this point, we must wonder what it will take for Republicans to finally drum this tinpot wannabe dictator out of office.In the words of the great Frederick Douglass, who s done an amazing job and is getting recognized more and more,  Fuck this shit. Featured image via screengrab",0
686, Mueller Brings In Bribery Specialist To Crack Open Trump’s Russian Piggy Bank,"Special Prosecutor Robert Mueller is growing his team, it appears. The Office of Special Counsel has secured the services of Greg Andres, a former Justice Department lawyer specializing in foreign bribery and fraud. He began work on Tuesday, becoming the 16th lawyer on Mueller s now all-star team. Bribery, of course, is a much easier charge to prove than intentional collusion, and having a specialist may indicate Mueller is exploring the possibility of taking down Trump using whatever methods are available to him and most effective.It s easy to lose hope these days. From sunup to sundown, we are treated to some of the worst examples of corruption, greed, and incompetence America has ever known, and it s all coming from an administration we know is illegitimate. And without the kind of leaks that helped derail the Clinton campaign   which must have overjoyed Trump fans every time they happened   there doesn t seem to be much news on just when we can expect some justice. So don t be too disappointed when I tell you: This is the way it should be.That s right. In a proper investigation, the public knows almost nothing about the internal proceedings, and it s with good reason. Because James Comey flipped on the Trump administration, we forget that in the beginning, he was the guy giving traction to unfounded stories about Clinton s emails. If that had been a real case, Comey himself would have ruined it with his careless premature releases   it would have fallen apart.Mueller is too smart to be that reckless. By limiting what the public knows other than the occasional tidbit about a new person of interest, an alternative angle at the president s financials, or something new happening within his office, Mueller can rest assured that no improper access to evidence can spoil his case.Believe me, when this all goes down, we want it to go down for good.In the meantime, we can enjoy the fact that we now know Mueller has Andres on the team. By adding more hard hitters to the lineup, we know that Mueller is ready to go as long as it takes to eradicate the kind of corruption that brought us the alliance of Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
687, Chelsea Clinton Teaches Trump How To Treat The White House With Respect,"Donald Trump insulted the  People s House,  so Chelsea Clinton subtly ripped him a new one for it.During a recent outing to his Trump National Golf Course in Bedminster, New Jersey, Trump told members that the White House  is a real dump. The insult outraged Americans across the country. No president should talk about the White House that way. It s disrespectful, especially to the people charged with preserving it and keeping up the maintenance, which is paid for by American taxpayers.Trump is probably mad because the decor doesn t feature gold-plated walls like his penthouse at Trump Tower.But the White House has a history. It was burned by the British during the War of 1812. But we rebuilt it. Years of neglect and failure to update the historic residence resulted in the biggest overhaul during the Truman presidency. The White House was gutted and Truman was forced to take up residence across the street until the renovation was complete.Today, the White House stands as a magnificent mansion that honors the past while continually updating to remain equipped with the latest technology. Sometimes, it s hard to keep up, but the White House staff does the best they can.Trump s remark was off the cuff to people who paid to be around him. He probably thought his comment would be off the record, which means he said exactly what he meant to say.But Chelsea Clinton was not amused by Trump s insult. And she proceeded to school him on Twitter for it.Thank you to all the White House ushers, butlers, maids, chefs, florists, gardeners, plumbers, engineers & curators for all you do every day https://t.co/rjQS9HeALG  Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) August 1, 2017This is what Trump should have said. This is how a grateful and unspoiled person acts. Trump is used to excess and flaunting his wealth. He has no idea what it means to live in an ordinary household. To him, the White House is a step down, and that is truly insulting. So much so, that he should resign and move out if he hates being there so much.Back in May, Trump bragged to Time Magazine that he s the  certain type of person  who sees the beauty of the White House. People have no idea the beauty of the White House. The real beauty of the White House,  he said.That was clearly a lie Trump told the media to make himself look good. Get him around his golf buddies and he ll blurt out how he really feels.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
688, Trump Humiliated By Being Forced To Sign Russia Sanctions Bill Which Limits His Power,"Amateur president Donald Trump  signed was forced to sign a bill today to punish Russia for its interference in the 2016 election despite his reservations to tighten sanctions against Moscow. The 71-year-old Twitter-addict did not hold a signing ceremony. In late July, the House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed a bill giving Congress the power to block any effort by the White House to weaken sanctions on Russia. That move was a direct challenge to Donald Trump s authority. So, Trump really had no choice here especially since his campaign is the focus of the probe into Russia s meddling in the presidential election last year.  The legislation was passed with overwhelming bipartisan support in Congress.The bill limits Trump s ability to lift or waive sanctions against Russia. The bill keeps in place sanctions imposed by the Obama administration last year. Trump s limited power has unnerved the thin-skinned alleged president.""I built a truly great company worth many billions of dollars."" https://t.co/iulSuyI3k7  Steven Shepard (@POLITICO_Steve) August 2, 2017Trump s statement:.@POTUS signing statement on sanctions bill pic.twitter.com/72m6nmLIIm  Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) August 2, 2017Politico reports:It also allows the U.S. to deny entry and revoke visas for individuals who have engaged in certain activities, such as selling arms to the Syrian government or abusing human rights.Before the bill was signed, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson revealed that neither he nor the president approved of the sanctions, believing they hinder the administration s attempts to restore relations with Russia. The action by the Congress to put these sanctions in place and the way they did, neither the president nor I were very happy about that,  Tillerson said on Tuesday.  We were clear that we didn t think it was going to be helpful to our efforts. Russia responded to the sanctions by ordering the U.S. to cut its diplomatic staff in the country by 755 people by Sept. 1st.Trump has maintained that former President Barack Obama did  nothing  in response to Russia meddling in our election process, but that s untrue.Before the election, the Obama administration issued several warnings to Moscow about its activities and he expelled dozens of diplomats, as well as closing two Russian compounds.Trump was just humiliated by being forced to take action which he didn t want to take.Photo by Steffen Kugler /BPA via Getty Images.",0
689, ‘Auntie’ Maxine Waters’ Showdown In Senate Inspires Gospel Anthem For The Silenced,"I ll admit it: I am not a huge fan of tribute songs. Making music is something sacred, and it s so hard to take topical songs seriously, unless it s like  Bob Dylan? Punk music? I m not sure, but contemporaneous talk-singing is just not my bag usually, and that s generally what people come up with as  protest  songs. That said, this gospel jam from Mykal Kilgore, a YouTube (and movie) star, is entirely different. It was inspired by a testy exchange last week between the always-feisty Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. From the video description:Our beloved  Auntie  Maxine Waters laid this sermon down so good that I had to sing about it! Whenever anybody tries to distract me or block me (even with praise or platitudes) I m gonna have to let them know that I m #ReclaimingMyTime.It s a common tactic for old white Republican assholes either in Congress or before it: When they don t want to answer questions from women, Democrats, or especially women Democrats, they waste the time allotted to their questioner with meaningless compliments or interruptions. If they re creative types (did you know Mnuchin was a movie producer?), they can usually get away with wasting all of the time they would normally spend answering questions.When Rep. Waters grilled Mnuchin on July 27th during a House Financial Services Committee hearing about why she hadn t heard back on her request for information from the Treasury on Donald Trump s ties to Russian banks, that s exactly what Mnuchin tried to do. Rather than answering her question, the Treasury Secretary immediately launched into a spiel about  everything you ve done  for the state of California, prompting Waters to remind him that he was on her time, not his own.  I m reclaiming my time,  she said, noting that it was limited.Like the infamous  nevertheless, she persisted  exchange between Mitch McConnell and Elizabeth Warren during the confirmation hearing for Attorney General Jeff Sessions, the exchange almost immediately became a meme.But rather than inspiring a line of shirts, the Thursday snapshot of what it s like for women in Congress became lyrics for a surprisingly good song.Now reclaim a little of your time, and watch the video:Featured image via Chelsea Guglielmino/Getty Images",0
690, Bush Ethics Lawyer Slams Trump: He Can’t Go ‘One Week’ Without Obstructing Justice [VIDEO],"Richard Painter, former ethics lawyer to President George W. Bush, claims that President Donald Trump  weighing in  on his son, Donald Trump Jr. s, statement on meeting with a Russian lawyer is yet another possible example of obstruction of justice by the U.S. Commander in Chief. Painter even went as far as to say that obstruction of justice is a weekly occurrence for the Trump administration. I would like to have one week from this White House where they don t engage in a new act of obstruction of justice,  Painter said during an interview on MSNBC s All In With Chris Hayes on Tuesday evening.Painter also added that if Trump Jr. has no problem using a false statement drafted by his father when dealing with the public, then he would probably have the same disregard for the truth while taking the stand to testify on the situation during a criminal investigation. Once the son says something in a public statement he d be very likely to say something to the special prosecutor, and lying to the special prosecutor is a crime. If he lies under oath it becomes perjury,  Painter said.  This is a common strategy for obstructing justice. But that wasn t the first time Richard Painter made his opinions about the President s method of dealing with the Russia accusations known. In fact, Painter had taken to Twitter earlier that morning to attack Trump on his favorite platform.Knowingly drafting a false statement for a person who is a witness in a criminal investigation is itself a crime. Obstruction of justice  Richard W. Painter (@RWPUSA) August 1, 2017Lawyers who knowingly participate in drafting false statements for witnesses in criminal investigations should be disbarred and prosecuted.  Richard W. Painter (@RWPUSA) August 1, 2017What kind of a man drafts a false statement for his own son about a matter under criminal investigation? A man who can pardon his son.  Richard W. Painter (@RWPUSA) August 1, 2017Donald Trump Jr. has admitted to meeting with a Russian lawyer in order to get damning information about his father s rival, Hillary Clinton, in the lead up to last years presidential election, but has since given several contradicting statements, including details of who was present and the actual purpose of the meetings. The Washington Post reported on Tuesday that President Trump had helped draft the first, inaccurate statement given by Trump Jr., a report initially denied by Trump s lawyer, Jay Sekulow, but later confirmed by White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders. He certainly didn t dictate. But he weighed in, offered suggestions like any father would do,  Huckabee Sanders said.Watch Richard Painter s interview on MSNBC s All In With Chris Hayes right here:Richard Painter: ""I would like to have one week from this White House where they don't engage in a new act of obstruction of justice."" pic.twitter.com/u2LaPgRWKD  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) August 2, 2017Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
691, You Won’t Believe Who The White House Wants To Replace Scaramucci With,"Washington was rocked by yet another staff shakeup in the White House on Monday when Trump s newly hired communications director, Anthony Scaramucci, was fired after only ten days on the job. But who they are thinking about replacing him with is astounding.Apparently, the Trump administration is somehow considering the possibility of naming Kellyanne Conway, the queen of  alternative facts,  as the new White House communications director.The Daily Caller reports:There is chatter within the White House that Kellyanne Conway is being looked at as the next communications director, a White House insider told The Daily Caller.Scaramucci was ousted after an embarrassingly profane rant in which he called Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, who has since been fired, a  f*cking paranoid schizophrenic.  During his temper tantrum, he also made some very unfortunate comments about Steve Bannon s  c*ck.  And as the White House explained, President P*ssy Grabber just can t have someone in his administration using that type of language. (Insert eye roll here.)Now Trump thinks that maybe the person he needs as his communications director is his good old adviser and former campaign manager, Conway. She has proven time and time again that she is loyal to Trump   and that she has no problem lying to the press about anything and everything. This also happens to be the reason that she has absolutely no credibility.Way back in February, Morning Joe s Mika Brzenski said that she refused to have Conway appear on the show because she is the epitome of  fake news. So, Joe was just saying that she books herself on these shows. We know for a fact she tries to book herself on this show. I won t do it because I don t believe in fake news or information that is not true. Everytime I ve ever seen her on television something s askew, off, or incorrect,  Brzenski said on-air.And this is who the White House thinks should be their number one spokesperson? Seriously? The fact that she is even being considered is enough to let you know that these people are a few flakes short of a full bowl of cornflakes. But with Trump in the Oval Office one thing is for sure, just when you think things can t get any more absurd, they do.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
692, Lindsey Graham Is Getting All War Tingly Again After Talking To Donald Trump,"Every once in a while, it seems like Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) might be growing a spine and standing up to Donald Trump. Before he voted for the  skinny  repeal of Obamacare, he told the media he would most certainly vote against it. That s guts, right?Maybe not, but when it comes to bad guys across the globe, Graham is no pushover, he is all over that like Donald Trump in front of a bucket of chicken.Great afternoon in Ohio & a great evening in Pennsylvania   departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! pic.twitter.com/jQTQYBFpdb  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 2, 2016Now that North Korea is being a bit petulant with their nuclear weapons, Graham is suddenly Pavlov s dogging all over our equally petulant Commander-in-Chief. There is a military option: to destroy North Korea s nuclear program and North Korea itself,  Graham told the Today show s Matt Lauer.  He s not going to allow   President Trump   the ability of this madman [Kim Jong Un] to have a missile that could hit America. If there s going to be a war to stop him, it will be over there,  Graham continued.  If thousands die, they re going to die over there. They re not going to die over here   and he s told me that to my face. Source: VoxOh, Lindsey, don t let yourself get too worked up. You might get the vapors.Graham added that Trump  doesn t want a war,  unless North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un doesn t stop playing with his war toys, and of course unless Trump can t figure out a way to get the Russian scandal off the front pages. Okay, he didn t say that second part.LAUER: Are you saying it s okay to use a military option that immediately endangers the lives of millions of people in that region?GRAHAM: I m saying it s inevitable unless North Korea changes, because you re making our president pick between regional stability and homeland security. He s having to make a choice that no president has wanted to make. They ve kicked the can down the road for 20 years; there s nowhere else to kick it. There will be a war with North Korea over their missile program if they continue trying to hit America with an ICBM. He s told me that, and I believe him.Are you frightened yet?Lindsey, perhaps you should focus on the madman who s currently running our nation as the more immediate danger.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
693," The Most Hated Man In Corporate America Wants Scaramucci’s Job, Because Why Not?","After the teeny-tiny tenure of Anthony (the Mooch) Scaramucci, the gates of hell have opened. Now that we ve had a foul-mouthed Sopranos extra leading the communications team (even if ever so briefly), pretty much anything goes when it comes to Trump s performance art installation previously known as the White House.Why should it surprise anyone that the poster child for corporate greed and everything everyone hates about Millennials,  Pharma-bro  Martin Shkreli, now wants Scaramucci s job? Oh, and did I mention that Shkreli is currently on trial for federal securities fraud? Score!While Shkreli hasn t yet appeared to make an official pitch for the job, on Monday, he posted this rather cryptic message on Facebook,  In for comms director. Some thought it was a completely appropriate idea:This might be a little premature, though, even by Trump standards. The man who s been dubbed  the most hated man in America  for price gouging AIDS patients with a 5,000 percent price increase for a drug commonly used to treat AIDS, could be headed to prison, but not for that. he has been accused of defrauding half a dozen investors about the size and performance of his hedge funds, and how well qualified he was to manage them. He was also accused of using his pharmaceuticals company, Retrophin, as a  piggy bank  to pay investors back and cover personal debt.Source: IndependentIf found guilty, he could face up to 20 years in prison. If found not-guilty, he could be a natural as the face of the White House. According to a former co-worker, Shkreli shares some of the same *um* personality quirks as BLOTUS:A former co-worker, Caroline Stewart, testified that he was a  scam artist  and  mentally unstable . One of his hedge funds imploded after a short trade failed and he ended up owing Bank of America Merrill Lynch $10 million.And as with Dear Orange Leader, Shkreli suffers from a persecution complex which he defends with accusations of a  witch hunt. Do you think he could be the Communications Director from prison?Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
694, BUSTED: Fox News Worked With Trump To Circulate Fake News On Seth Rich Conspiracy Theory,"Psst! Hey, Donald Trump, the  fake news  you rage-tweet about is coming from you. According to an explosive report on NPR, the Fox News Channel and a wealthy supporter of amateur president Trump worked together under the watchful eye of the White House in order to hatch a story about murdered Democratic National Committee aide Seth Rich,  a lawsuit filed Tuesday claims. The story is beyond cruel in that the family of Seth Rich had specifically called for an end to the false stories circulated by Fox News, but now Trump is caught in the middle, too.Rod Wheeler, a longtime paid commentator for the news network, claims that Fox News and the Trump supporter, Ed Butowsky, intended to deflect public attention from the administration s Russia scandal. His suit further states that a Fox News reporter created quotations out of thin air and attributed them to him in order to propel her story.NPR reports:On April 20, a month before the story ran, Butowsky and Wheeler   the investor and the investigator   met at the White House with then-press secretary Sean Spicer to brief him on what they were uncovering.The first page of the lawsuit quotes a voicemail and text from Butowsky boasting that Trump himself had reviewed drafts of the Fox News story just before it went to air and was published.Here it is:The White House previously denied knowledge of Fox News' false report on Seth Rich. pic.twitter.com/Qcmf3lpaFt  Adrienne Watson (@Adrienne_DNC) August 1, 2017The DNC did not murder Seth Rich but Trump supporters would need to have the ability to Google in order to understand that it s a hoax.As a surprise to no one ever, the White House previously denied any knowledge of the Fox News  lie about the false story about Seth Rich s murder.The White House previously denied knowledge of Fox News' false report on Seth Rich. pic.twitter.com/Qcmf3lpaFt  Adrienne Watson (@Adrienne_DNC) August 1, 2017Seth Rich s family released a statement.Statement from the Seth Rich family pic.twitter.com/p7siiOIYKh  Oliver Darcy (@oliverdarcy) August 1, 2017Russia propaganda site Sputnik pushed the story, too.It wasn't just Butowsky who wanted this false story pushed. Sputnik wanted me to ask the WH about it and fired me when I refused. https://t.co/kADc0hasB4  Andrew Feinberg (@agfhome) August 1, 2017Fox News, including Sean Hannity, and the White House have put the family of a murdered man through even more grief by using him as a tool to deflect from the scandal-plagued White House. Of course, this only makes Trump look guiltier,  and even more cruel than anyone could have imagined.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
695, GOP Congress Just Delivered Trump The Biggest Insult Possible; They Are Completely Ignoring Him,"If there s one thing Donald Trump fears the most, even more than negative press coverage or pending criminal indictments, is irrelevance. Trump, though, is tweeting his way right into irrelevance, so much so that the GOP Congress, which has been shaking in its boots over losing the support of Trump voters, is now completely ignoring him.Over the weekend, Trump tweeted,  Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal & Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill! Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal & Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2017The Republican Congress didn t flinch:Sen. John Cornyn (R-Texas) warned reporters Monday not to  leap to conclusions  that Republicans won t be able to pass a healthcare bill, but he appeared to hint that a second vote isn t imminent. What we do know is next is nominations and hopefully [Senate Minority Leader Charles] Schumer will agree to break the logjam   and that would be a good use of our next two weeks,  the No. 2 Senate Republican said.Source: The HillAnother Republican echoed the non-response:Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.), another member of Senate GOP leadership, said Republicans could circle back to healthcare when they reach a consensus. Until then,  it s time to move on  and put  wins on the board,  he said. Obviously we didn t give up and we didn t quit and we gave it our best shot, and we can come back to this at a later time,  Blunt said, asked about Trump s tweets.Another GOP rep thinks Trump will be gone by the mid terms.Ouch. So much for the bully pulpit.There are so many reasons not to take Trump seriously, like the fact that he isn t a legitimate president and that massive populist movement that had the GOP bowing at Trump s feet really doesn t exist.Or, how about the fact that Trump and his White House are likely going to be buried in criminal indictments any minute. That s not a bad reason for the GOP to start distancing themselves.Maybe it s the constant state of chaos that is hurting Trump s image, or perhaps it s the fact that he seems to know absolutely nothing about how this country works.Everyone who has watched the news over the last few days knows that repealing Obamacare failed to get through the Senate in a slim simple majority vote.Trump realized it right after the vote:3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 28, 2017Since, though, he s been on a Twitter rant about getting rid of the filibuster, even though there were no filibusters:If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 60  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 28, 2017 Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51, some really good things need 60. So many great future bills & budgets need 60 votes .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 28, 2017Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2017The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R s in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT S TIME!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2017Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don t go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2017 .8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass, like Kate s Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2017No, no they don t. If they did, you would be on trial.If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R s. MAKE CHANGE!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2017They actually did have the chance and Harry Reid didn t do it.Don t give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal & Replace and go to 51 votes (nuke option), get Cross State Lines & more.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 30, 2017Once again, Donald, they tried getting 51 votes and they failed.What s most surprising about the GOP s change of heart toward their Dear Leader is that it s taken this long. He s long shown himself as an erratic petulant man-child who s loyal to exactly one person   him. At this point, all Republicans can do is hope that they can stand far enough away so they won t be hit by shrapnel from his exploding administration.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
696," Trump Put Himself In Deep Sh*t, Personally Drafted Statement Lying About Jr’s Russia Meeting","Donald Trump and all of the people around him have a serious problem with the truth. That problem is giving them serious legal problems that do not have to be when it comes to Special Counsel Robert Mueller s investigation into the Trump campaign s possible collusion with the Russians to try and fix the 2016 election.First, they said there were not meetings with Russians. Then, we find out that Donald Trump Jr., former Trump Campaign Manager Paul Manafort, and Trump s son-in-law Jared Kushner met with a shady Russian lawyer, along with other people tied to the Russian government. After that, Trump Jr. came out with a statement saying that they were talking about Russian adoptions and nothing else. Then, that statement fell apart when it turns out that they went into that meeting thinking they were going to get dirt on then-Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton from the Russian government. Now, it turns out that while the lawyers wanted to be truthful in Trump Jr. s statement, Donald Trump decided he wanted to lie for his son, and personally put together the statement.Trump s advisers are furious. One said, on condition of anonymity, to the Washington Post: This was . . . unnecessary. Now someone can claim he s the one who attempted to mislead. Somebody can argue the president is saying he doesn t want you to say the whole truth. The adviser then went on to suggest that Trump doesn t fully understand that he and his people are in serious legal trouble over the Russia investigation: He refuses to sit still. He doesn t think he s in any legal jeopardy, so he really views this as a political problem he is going to solve by himself. A lawyer who investigated President George W. Bush regarding the unmasking of CIA Agent Valerie Plame, Peter Zeidenberg, says of the bumbling attempt at a cover-up by Team Trump: The thing that really strikes me about this is the stupidity of involving the president. They are still treating this like a family-run business and they have a PR problem. . . . What they don t seem to understand is this is a criminal investigation involving all of them. Well, hopefully, they continue to screw up in their responses to this. There s definitely wrongdoing here. Perhaps Robert Mueller already has the smoking gun, and wants to make sure the case is airtight before they are all indicted and hauled off to jail where belong. In the meantime, the entire administration is dangerous and should be removed. Congress, do your jobs and throw ALL OF THESE people out of our White House.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images ",0
697, Trump’s White House Team Is So Dumb They Fell For Fake Emails (IMAGE),"The people working in Donald Trump s White House are not the sharpest tools in the shed. After all, anyone with any sense whatsoever will stay far, far away from working for this Administration at all, because of Trump s penchant for ruining the lives and careers of everyone around him via public humiliation. Therefore, it should come as no surprise that an  email prankster  from the United Kingdom managed to trick several White House officials into believing he was Jared Kushner.According to CNN, Homeland Security Adviser Tom Bossert feel for the hoax. The email read: Tom, we are arranging a bit of a soir e towards the end of August. It would be great if you could make it, I promise food of at least comparible (sic) quality to that which we ate in Iraq. Should be a great evening. Bossert returned the email to the Kushner imposter, and even gave the person his own email address: Thanks, Jared. With a promise like that, I can t refuse. Also, if you ever need it, my personal email is  (redacted).Here is an image of the exchange, via CNN:Now, this guy is in charge of advising the loons in the White House on how to keep us safe. Yet, he was too dumb to realize that this was a hoax, likely for kicks, as the rest of the world is laughing at the clown car that is the Trump Administration. Think about that, and be absolutely terrified.They also got freshly fired White House Communications Director Anthony  The Mooch  Scaramucci. From CNN: I had promised myself I would leave my hands mud free,  wrote the fake Priebus,  but after reading your tweet today which stated how;  soon we will learn who in the media who has class, and who hasn t , has pushed me to this. That tweet was breathtakingly hypocritical, even for you. At no stage have you acted in a way that s even remotely classy, yet you believe that s the standard by which everyone should behave towards you? General Kelly will do a fine job. I ll even admit he will do a better job than me. But the way in which that transition has come about has been diabolical. And hurtful. I don t expect a reply. None of these people should be anywhere near our government, and yet they are running the whole damn thing. Trump supporters, if you think this is what things are supposed to be like, you really are as stupid as we always thought you were.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
698, Details Are Emerging About The Mooch Firing And It Was Brutal,"After just 10 days and a few firings under his belt, Donald Trump s brand new communications director got the ax, and as the details are emerging, he was treated almost as badly as he deserved. According to new reports, Anthony Scaramucci had to be escorted from the premises, as if he was caught with his hand in the cash register.Anthony Scaramucci was escorted from White House grounds today after ouster, per source familiar with the scene  Jackie Alemany (@JaxAlemany) July 31, 2017Anthony Scaramucci s ouster from Trump Administration might have been a messy affair for the White House, based on a report from CNN s Jeff Zelany about the now-former Communications Director s was led away from the president s mansion.Zeleny was on with Brooke Baldwin to discuss the reports saying Chief of Staff John Kelly removed Scaramucci from his post over his lack of  discipline.  During his report, Zeleny said Scaramucci was  essentially escorted off the White House property earlier this afternoon. Source: MediaiteWhile it may not be that unusual for an ex-employee to be escorted out of the White House, it s safe to say that during Scaramucci s turbulent and tiny tenure, he didn t make any friends. He was reportedly fired because the new Chief of Staff John Kelly didn t approve of  the Mooch s  insane profanity laced phone call with a New Yorker reporter. Even Donald Trump, who has mocked disabled people and Gold Star families, who goes on Twitter tirades against anyone who stands in his way and who is completely fascinated with women bleeding, thought Scaramucci s language was  inappropriate. Here are some snippets of the call that might explain why: Reince (Priebus) is a fucking paranoid schizophrenic, a paranoiac,  Scaramucci said. He channelled Priebus as he spoke:    Oh, Bill Shine is coming in. Let me leak the fucking thing and see if I can cock-block these people the way I cock-blocked Scaramucci for six months.   And about Steve Bannon. I m not Steve Bannon, I m not trying to suck my own cock,  he said, speaking of Trump s chief strategist.  I m not trying to build my own brand off the fucking strength of the President. I m here to serve the country. It takes a whole new level of disgusting to make people feel sorry for Reince Priebus and Steve Bannon, but that s what we have. As for Scaramucci s unceremonious firing, well, he deserved it.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
699, This Old Anthony Scaramucci Tweet Must Be VERY Uncomfortable Right Now,"Fired White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci gave up a lot for his 10-day job: his wife, who is divorcing him over his creepy obsession with Donald Trump, his future relationship with his newborn son who now knows forever that he is less important than sucking up to a fascist, his life (according to Harvard Law School s alumni registry anyway), his self-respect (if he ever had any), and finally his job itself because he was stupid enough to think he wouldn t get pushed out of the clown car.But at least he can look back over all those old embarrassing tweets he deleted for  transparency  and oops, looks like he missed one!In 2012, Scaramucci tweeted something that appears to have been directed at Barack Obama, but seems to be more relevant to his own situation. A recovery starts with a presidential pink slip,  The Mooch tweeted unironically at the time.Naturally, the Internet had quite a few collective  har hars  over this:LITERALLY A TWEET FOR EVERYTHING  Diana Cannon (@arsonistkitten) July 31, 2017He forgot to delete this one.  Brian Normoyle (@BrianNormoyle) July 31, 2017You got two pink slips in a week   employer and wife! Great job!  Jem McDowall (@NYJemM) July 31, 2017That ended well.  Prateek Sanjay (@PraticBarcelona) July 31, 2017how s it working out for you ???  Fred (@macaronibake) July 31, 2017pic.twitter.com/sDub9kK9AJ  Michael Heilemann (@Heilemann) July 31, 2017hahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahaha (inhale) hahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!  Shannon Heupel (@sjh43) July 31, 2017Annnnd like I said you were next. You got your pink slip. How does it feel to lose everything for someone who didn t give a shit about you?  Steph ?? #Resist   (@Steff1876) July 31, 2017You can t make this shit up  JJ_D (@Josey_1776) July 31, 2017well this tweet aged pretty well.  Christopher Franko (@FrankoCurrency) July 31, 2017the man is wise beyond his 10 days  Scott Robinett (@ScottRobinett1) July 31, 2017Oooo, it comes at ya fast. Doesn t it. ;)  FeysPerson (@FeysPerson) July 31, 2017Scaramucci received his  presidential pink slip  shortly following his revelation that Steve Bannon can suck his own  c*ck  (or tries to at minimum).It s unclear if his  recovery  has officially begun, but we re sure he will be enjoying the extra time he gets with his fam Oh. Wait. Scratch that.Featured image via Getty Images/screengrab",0
700, Secret Memo Shows That Every Single Congressman Could Be Hit In Russian Investigation,"Yet another day and yet another leak. A secret Republican National Committee memo was released on Monday that shows that Republicans are preparing for what may be inevitable. They may all be implicated, or at least investigated, in the growing Russian scandal.According to a Buzzfeed report, the RNC has issued a memo to their employees telling them to preserve absolutely everything regarding the 2016 election. Given the important role that the RNC plays in national elections and the potentially expansive scope of the inquiries and investigations, it is possible that we will be contacted with requests for information,  reads a July 28 memo to staff from the RNC Counsel s Office. Therefore, we must preserve all documents potentially relevant to these matters until they are resolved or until we are informed by all necessary parties that preservation is no longer necessary. BuzzFeed News obtained a copy of the memo, which orders employees not to  delete, destroy, modify, or remove from your paper files, laptop computer, desktop computer, tablet, mobile device, e-mail, or any storage system or device, any documents, records, or other materials that relate to the 2016 presidential election or that may relate to any investigation concerning the election.  An RNC source confirmed the memo s authenticity Monday morning.Source: BuzzfeedGotta give them credit. At least they aren t telling their minions to shred everything. Perhaps that s in the subtext.The RNC insists that they aren t currently being investigated and that they don t have a specific reason to believe that they will be, but they are taking the measures, just in case. If Russia did hack voting machines, you can be sure that the RNC, along with every GOP Congressman, should be investigated.This is all pretty ironic, given all the hubbub surrounding the Democratic National Committee, who should be laughing all the way to the White House. Instead, they re still drowning their sorrows in vodka tonics over an election that was stolen.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
701, Rick Perry Is Mocked Over Nukes By Secretary Whose Job He Thought He Was Getting,"Donald Trump s Secretary of Energy Rick Perry doesn t get a lot of respect. That s a good thing   he s kind of a dumbass. And by  kind of,  I mean of course that he s the dumbest guy to come out of Texas since his gubernatorial predecessor, George W. Bush.But there s obviously something about Perry s aw-shucks style that got him elected three times as governor of Texas. The problem is, nobody but Texans know what it is. That s why his two runs at the Republican nomination for president have been so laughably short. But those efforts did earn him something in the end: An appointment to an office he said he wanted to abolish, by the guy that beat him by publicly commenting on how dumb he is..@GovernorPerry failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 16, 2015Trump s magnanimous gesture in handing Perry the Department of Energy came with risks: What if Ricky used it all up trying to tie his cowboy boots one Sunday morning on his way to church? That fear, of course, is unfounded, because Rick Perry totally thought the DoE meant he was in charge of our oil. You can see why his brain might go there. He s from Texas, so he may have imagined himself the perfect selection as Oilman-in-Chief. Maybe he was confused by terrifying phrases like  foreign energy  or  energy independence,  which do indeed mean oil and gas.The guy in charge of those is actually Ryan Zinke, head of the Department of the Interior. Mr. Zinke was interviewed recently by the magazine GQ, and he had, um,  nice  things to say about ol  Rick:Secretary Perry is a wonderful guy. I think he thought his department was more about energy than   science. Mostly, it s science and, of course, they also have responsibility of our nuclear arsenal.Oops! Rick Perry is in charge of our nukes?!? Well, at least Zinke isn t too worried about it:Interior is the one that produces energy. We laugh a lot about it.It s a good thing somebody s laughing, right?Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
702, White House In Chaos As Trump Fires Scaramucci After Only 10 Days On The Job,"Just ten days into the job and White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci has been reportedly  removed  from his position by amateur president Donald Trump, according to three people familiar with the situation, the New York Times reports. It was just this morning that Trump assured the public on Twitter that there is  no White House chaos!  but the revolving door at the Trump administration tells another story.ABC reports that Scaramucci handed in his resignation. Perhaps it s a matter of unrequited love since Scaramucci has repeatedly professed his  love  for the former reality show star.According to Politico, the request to oust Scaramucci came from the new chief of staff, John Kelly, who started Monday.The Mooch s last tweet on the 30th reads,  Had great call w/ @GOPChairwoman. @GOP doing fantastic work to support @POTUS #MAGA looking forward to building even stronger relationship. Had great call w/ @GOPChairwoman. @GOP doing fantastic work to support @POTUS #MAGA looking forward to building even stronger relationship.  Anthony Scaramucci (@Scaramucci) July 30, 2017The potty-mouthed White House communications director has a problem with communicating.Just days ago, Scaramucci unleashed an expletive-laden tirade against Trump administration officials. He also said he would be sure that leakers are forced to resign, yet he s the one hitting the front door a week and a half after he was hired.Scaramucci will never be forgiven by the public for at least one thing: his tirade included suggesting that Steve Bannon tries to suck his own cock and that s a visual all of us could have lived without, thankyouverymuch.While Scaramucci appears to be out of a job, his marriage is over, too, and all because of his political ambition to get close to Trump.Scaramucci is a Wall Street financier and former Trump transition team official.The abrupt removal comes just 10 days after he was brought into the White House. It also follows just a few days after Trump fired White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus. Trump demands loyalty from his administration officials but that loyalty is never returned. Case in point: Attorney General Jeff Sessions.But there is no chaos in the White House. Just ask Trump.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
703, Craziest Person In Congress Wants To Investigate Everyone BUT Trump; Maybe You’re On The List,"Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) is the most insane if not the most offensive of all of the knuckle-dragging Republicans in Congress, so it makes sense that he s a fan of Donald Trump. He is scrambling so hard to cover Trump s alleged crimes that he s made a pledge to waste taxpayer money investigating pretty much everyone who s identified as a Democrat.In a press release, King called for investigating President Obama, Hillary (and probably Bill) Clinton, James Comey, George Soros, Loretta Lynch (my fingers are getting tired), Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner.King, who is a proud white supremacist (as seen in this video:)argued that Obama should be investigated because he interfered with an election in Israel. That was a debunked conspiracy theory.He also wants liberal bogey-man who most liberals have never heard of, George Soros investigated for a Russian based conspiracy theory saying Soros funded election manipulation in the Balkans.He wants to investigate Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner for improper use of classified emails. Even the right-wing blog The Blaze admits that that s (to quote Trumpsters) a nothing burger.Of course, he wants to open the gazillionth investigation into Hillary Clinton s emails, something she s been exonerated for multiple times.Then there s Loretta Lynch, who happened to talk to Bill Clinton on a tarmac. That has to mean something unseemly was happening, right? By the way, even if it was somehow an attempt to sway the election, it didn t work, but it did cause James Comey to go public with Hillary s emails, which surely helped her lose the election, despite it also being a  nothing burger. And then there s Comey, who apparently didn t try hard enough to make Clinton lose the election that she won/lost.None of the people King wants to investigate currently hold a political office, yet he wants to continue beating a dead horse to keep eyes off the real, and possibly treasonous, scandals in Washington.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
704, WATCH: Trump Really Does Think He’s On A West Wing Edition Of ‘The Apprentice’,"Was it just a slip of the tongue or a sign that Donald Trump is mentally unfit to be president?Because it certainly appears to be the latter after Trump referred to the Cabinet Room as his  boardroom  on Monday morning.Days after firing Reince Priebus and leaving him all by himself on the tarmac after landing at Andrews Air Force Base, Trump introduced General John Kelly to reporters as his new chief of staff.After the formal introduction, Trump had a Cabinet meeting to attend and told reporters  We ll see you in the boardroom. Anyone who has seen  The Apprentice,  which Trump formerly hosted, knows that the boardroom is the main set of that reality show where Trump grades contestants and fires them.Seriously.So, it really does look like Trump actually thinks he is still on  The Apprentice  and that he thinks of the presidency as nothing more than reality television.Here s the video via Twitter. We ll see you in the boardroom,  President Trump tells reporters ahead of Cabinet meeting https://t.co/GB6xsijuGK  NBC Politics (@NBCPolitics) July 31, 2017And if this  boardroom  meeting is anything like a previous one, you can bet that Trump is going to go around the room calling on each and every one of his lackeys to publicly kiss his ass.Twitter users weren t impressed.Not surprised! He runs W.H like the fake show he was a part of! He still lives in his T.V. fantasy boardroom!  Melissa Chandler (@kealohalanichun) July 31, 2017This just in: Trump has no idea who or where he is.  wordlass (@wordlass1) July 31, 2017Um, are we watching The Apprentice   WH Edition, @realDonaldTrump?  Ann Laabs (@AnnLaabs) July 31, 2017Donald Trump disrespects the office of the presidency and the White House by calling the Cabinet Room the  boardroom.  America is not a business, it s a nation. The government is also not a business. Running the country and government like a business is not a good idea.It s also a bad idea to run the country and government like a reality show. But Trump clearly thinks he is on the set of  The Apprentice,  which demonstrates that he has mental problems that justify invoking the 25th Amendment to remove him from office. Because if he really wants to be on reality TV again, leaving office is the only way to do it.Featured image via screenshot",0
705, Trump Whines About Obamacare And Takes Credit For Obama’s Economy In Delusional Morning Rant,"Donald Trump is absolutely obsessed with erasing President Obama s achievements and taking credit for them.In yet another Twitter tantrum on Monday morning, Trump began by whining about the Affordable Care Act.If ObamaCare is hurting people, & it is, why shouldn t it hurt the insurance companies & why should Congress not be paying what public pays?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 31, 2017As usual, Trump is lying his ass off.The truth is that members of Congress must buy health insurance through the exchanges like the rest of us and they don t get a special subsidy either. They pay what the rest of us do.According to FactCheck.org,  lawmakers and their staffs face additional requirements that other Americans don t,  and the  subsidy  which Trump appears to be referring to is just a contribution from the federal government. Lawmakers are merely getting a contribution from their employer like ordinary Americans who get insurance through their employer. Except lawmakers are not getting insurance through their employer like they used to. Members of Congress used to get their healthcare paid for by the taxpayer. That ended under Obamacare as lawmakers were forced to buy a private plan through the exchanges like everyone else. In other words, Congress pays what we pay.And then Trump once again took credit for President Obama s economy.Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C.: No WH chaos!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 31, 2017By the end of President Obama s tenure, and long before Trump was elected, the stock market had already reached record highs. Unemployment fell to under 5 percent thanks to Obama s record 75 consecutive months of job growth. Wages also rose by 2.9 percent. Wages under Trump have actually remained flat no matter how much he wants to take credit for imaginary wage hikes. The border was also secure under Obama as illegal immigration dropped significantly under his watch. And if Trump really thinks his White House isn t chaotic he is truly delusional.The bottom line is that Trump is trying to take credit for things President Obama did while trying to erase his legacy. Trump won t have a legacy, so he is trying to steal Obama s for himself. It s just more desperation from a pathetic man who is unfit to be president, but a perfect fit for federal prison.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
706," Tomi Lahren Blasts ObamaCare, Admits She’s Still On Parents’ Health Insurance [VIDEO]","It seems that right-wing pundit Tomi Lahren has made quite a healthy career criticizing any and every move the Democratic party make, all the while struggling to successfully hold up her end of an argument and managing to come across as an over-priveleged brat at the same time. Well the 24-year-old has done it again.Lahren was being interviewed at Politicon by liberal comedian Chelsea Handler on Saturday, an event that was originally publicized as a  debate,  only to later be downplayed by Handler as an interview in an effort to get to understand the viewpoints of people that don t share her political ideology. People such as Tomi Lahren.The pair struggled to find any common ground during the first several minutes of the interview and then the topic turned to healthcare. When Handler asked Lahren if she had health insurance, she replied,  Luckily, I am 24, so I am still on my parents  plan  a line that drew loud boos from the crowd, but Handler still defended her by telling the audience to stop, she is being honest.  Despite Handler taking the high road, Lahren went on to say that Obamacare is in a  death spiral. Being able to stay on your parents  plan until the age of 26 is a major aspect of the current healthcare legislation and also one of the beneficial facets that critics of the Affordable Care Act tend to overlook, instead opting to chastise other factors such as the individual mandate to buy insurance.The outspoken Lahren has been a controversial figure in the realm of political commentary, having joined the pro-Donald Trump group Great American Alliance in May after she was suspended from hosting her own show, Tomi, on TheBlaze in March when she expressed her belief that women should have legal access to abortion, a view rarely shared by her fellow conservatives.Watch a portion of Handler s interview with Lahren here:Featured image via Joshua Blanchard/Getty Images for Politicon)",0
707, Joe Biden Proves He’s A MUCH Better Negotiator Than Trump; He Helped Save Obamacare,"Donald Trump made became a household name in the 80s after pretending to write a book called  The Art of the Deal.  After that, his reputation was sealed as a great negotiator   or so his followers thought.That illusion was shattered on Friday, though, after the Senate failed to pass its latest attempt at repealing Obamacare. Despite Trump s last minute appeal to John McCain, McCain became one of three Republicans who are credited with killing the bill.It turns out that the real deal-maker in this scenario was our former Vice President. Joe Biden called his friend and former colleague before the vote. Former Senator Joe Lieberman did the same.While we don t know what Trump said to McCain that apparently had no effect, one of the reasons it fell on deaf ears is Trump s blatant insincerity. On the campaign trial, Trump disparaged McCain, saying he preferred people who weren t captured   referring to the fact that McCain was captured by North Vietnamese and held and tortured in a POW camp for 5 1/5 years.Before the vote, and after McCain had voted to let the vote go forward, Trump tweeted that McCain was a hero.Biden s call may or may not have been the deciding factor in McCain s vote, but you can be sure it was more meaningful than Trump s. Biden, unlike Trump, can be kind and diplomatic, even when there are political disagreements. Biden is capable of emotional appeals, simply because he experiences empathy, something Trump completely lacks. Biden also has first-hand experience with the kind of brain cancer for which McCain is currently undergoing treatment. He lost his son to it. You can be sure that Biden, in his heartfelt way, helped convince McCain that no one should be denied treatment for such a cruel disease.The Post reported that Biden had a more emotional discussion with McCain, reflecting on his son Beau Biden s death to the same brain cancer McCain was diagnosed with earlier this month. Biden s son died in 2015, two years after his initial diagnosis.Source: The HillWhatever or whoever convinced McCain to do the right thing, it s clear that Trump s deal-making abilities don t translate to D.C. That s one small consolation for having a narcissistic madman at the helm of our country.Featured image via Mark Makela/Getty Images",0
708, McCain F*cked Over Senate Republicans On Trumpcare In A Much Better Way Than We Already Knew,"With a very dramatic flair, Senator John McCain joined his Republican colleagues, Sens. Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins, in torpedoing the GOP s Trumpcare bill. But just days earlier, everyone with any sense was absolutely furious with McCain for voting  yes  to advance Trumpcare to the Senate floor for a full vote.We all felt betrayed, particularly since that  yes  had come from a man recently diagnosed with a very aggressive type of cancer. He has to return to his home state of Arizona for treatments most people can t afford without insurance, that many can t afford even with insurance, and that could bankrupt entire families later on if things like lifetime caps on coverage are ever reinstated.But it s possible that McCain actually had a grander plan, and his  yes  vote, moving the bill out of committee, was carefully calculated. The Senate was trying to pass Trumpcare under a process known as reconciliation, which only requires a simple majority to pass, instead of the usual 60-vote threshold. Check this out:Amazing. Also clear now that McCain s yes on motion to proceed is what killed the bill. https://t.co/4CRz8VABeE pic.twitter.com/jzqVqmiZmJ  Steve Simitzis   (@s5) July 28, 2017Essentially, what McCain did was make it so they can t advance another Trumpcare bill to the floor and try to pass it as a reconciliation measure, at least, not without some massive changes to what they re trying to do. The Senate can actually try to pass up to three reconciliation measures each year, but only one each for spending, revenues, and debt limit. They can also put any two or all three into a single bill.While Republicans are still trying to scramble to put something together, they ll have a very difficult time getting another reconciliation bill to the floor.So McCain seems to have made a point of advancing the bill specifically so he, along with Murkowski, Collins, and the entire Democratic wing of the Senate, could effectively kill it for the rest of the fiscal year. And it was a giant f*ck you to McConnell as well, who was sure he had the votes to pass it since McCain had voted  yes  on the procedural motion.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
709, Maxine Waters Reveals The REAL Reason Pence Is Putting Up With Trump’s Madness,"Donald Trump becomes more unhinged by the day. The week we just witnessed is his craziest yet. First, there was the hyper-partisan, free-wheeling speech he gave to a bunch of children at the Boy Scouts  Jamboree. The speech outraged so many people that the Boy Scouts of America had to apologize. Then, while speaking in front of police officers in Long Island, New York, Trump openly endorsed and encouraged police brutality in a racist speech sure to fire up his mouthbreathing base. And of course, there was the ouster of White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus via Twitter, who he humiliated as he was pushed out the door. To top it all off, he called for banning transgender soldiers from the military without even telling the Pentagon and the Joint Chiefs of Staff first. This major, sweeping policy change was also made via Twitter.Through all of this madness, there were, of course, Trump s repeated and sustained attacks on his own Attorney General, Jeff Sessions. Even though this should have Republicans reeling with outrage, and some Capitol Hill Republicans have fired warning shots at Trump about Sessions, there is one person who has been suspiciously silent throughout the chaos: Mike Pence, Trump s second-in-command.Well, Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) thinks she knows the reason for that. Taking to Twitter on Saturday evening, Rep. Waters said what anyone watching is likely thinking: Pence is just riding out the Trump insanity until the Republicans on Capitol Hill finally decide they ve had enough, and they pull the trigger on Trump. This, of course, would make Pence President. Here is that tweet:Mike Pence is somewhere planning an inauguration. Priebus and Spicer will lead the transition.  Maxine Waters (@MaxineWaters) July 30, 2017Rep. Waters is likely right. There s no way establishment Republicans like Mike Pence actually like living with Donald Trump as president. He is, and always has been, nothing more than a vehicle to put them in power. And honestly, because of the chaos, Trump has exactly zero legislative achievements. Sure, Jeff Sessions is doing awful things from the DOJ, but those horrific policies can be promptly reversed once a new administration arrives. Trump is ignorant, incompetent, and crazy. Pence, however, is much more dangerous. I can t believe I m saying this, but I truly hope Rep. Waters  predictions never come to pass. America will be an Evangelical theocracy in no time under Pence.In short, either way, America, we re screwed.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
710, Ted Nugent Breaks Civility Pledge With Unhinged Obama Rant For No Apparent Reason,"After GOP Rep. Steve Scalise was shot during a congressional baseball practice, provocateur and has been rock star Ted Nugent made a promise to dial down his own violent hate-filled rhetoric.During an appearance on the WABC Radio Show  Curtis & Eboni,  Nugent said that  my wife has convinced me that I just can t use those harsh terms. I cannot, and I will not, and I encourage even my friends-slash-enemies on the left in the Democrat and liberal world that we have got to be civil to each other. Source: SalonFor the man who threatened to kill both Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, that pledge lasted just over a month.During a concert in Bonner Springs, Kansas on Friday night, Nugent became unhinged over the President   no, not Trump, the one who s no longer in office and has absolutely zero to do with Nugent s life. He also insulted country music. I was going to play a country song but I still have a (penis) so I can t do that.  And before  Dog Eat Dog,  he praised the president and then told members of the military he was sorry they d had to serve eight years under his predecessor, a commander-in-chief who was an  absolute piece of s***.   And if that offends you, you re a piece of s***. Source: KansasCity.comInteresting to know that Nugent s obsession with Obama has long out-lived the presidency. Then again, in April, Nugent said of Obama,  No! I will never apologize for calling out evil people,  he said, arguing that Mr. Obama  intentionally dismantled the American dream for eight years. One can only imagine what American dream Nugent is referring to, but there might be some clues in this Media Matters compilation of vile racist sputum that has escaped Nugent s mouth in recent years. Nugent might have tried to tone down the rhetoric, but his hate-filled freak flag apparently has to fly. His only hope is that Donald Trump can turn America back into a white man s paradise as it once used to be. Sorry Teddy, but it ain t gonna happen.Featured image of President Obama via Scott Olson/Getty Images | Featured image of Ted Nugent via Valerie Macon/Getty Images.",0
711, It’s Not Over: Trump’s Tantrums Drive Senate GOP To Take Aim Yet Again At Healthcare,"Trumpcare failed in the most hilarious and dramatic middle-of-the-night vote on the Senate floor   they couldn t even pass a  skinny repeal  after seven years of promising to repeal the Affordable Care Act. And, of course, the Toddler-in-Chief, getting ever-more desperate to actually start  winning,  threw a livid fit on Twitter about it.And some Republicans look like they re starting to let his Twitter tantrums dictate their behavior. They can t even understand the words  give up,  it seems, despite the fact that McConnell and others in the GOP leadership have said it s time to move on to other things. Lindsey Graham already has a new proposal that would give block grants to states for things like Medicaid, and keep most of the existing tax structure from the ACA.Trump s White House also went crawling to Rep. Mark Meadows over in the House to see how they could get more conservatives on board with, well, pretty much anything. All of this happened not too long after Trump went after Republicans for being the utter failures they are. He wants them to switch to a 51-vote threshold so 8 Democrats can t control the country (in his words), and he threatened to end payments to insurance companies and yank Congress  healthcare plans (which they get through the ACA s exchanges):If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2017Trump has even repeatedly asked McConnell to change Senate rules to make it so that they only need 51 votes to pass anything. The thing that Trump isn t getting is that every Trumpcare bill that s failed in the Senate thus far has done so because it failed to even reach 50 votes. Plus McConnell won t change the rules anyway.Maybe if Republicans would actually work with Democrats, who have said they re open and willing to work on a bipartisan plan to fix problems in the ACA, we wouldn t be having this problem.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
712, Trump HUMILIATED As His Approval Rating Is Now Even Lower Than Clinton’s During Sex Scandal,"Donald Trump just beat Bill Clinton at something, and it s very embarrassing.The first six months of Trump s presidency has been a humiliating failure.The scandals, the investigations, the legislative stalls, the infighting, the firings, the whining, and the incompetence have all resulted in an approval rating that is the worst in American history.The ongoing and ever-growing Russia scandal has contributed most to Trump s woes as it has engulfed him and many members of his administration and family, including Jeff Sessions, Donald Trump Jr., and Jared Kushner.But when Newsweek took a look at how Trump s approval ratings compare to Bill Clinton s during his own scandals, the publication discovered that Trump s numbers are even more humiliating.In 1998, Republicans attempted to impeach President Clinton for having an affair with Monica Lewinsky and lying about it under oath. The scandal rocked Washington for months as conservatives salivated over the prospect of ousting Clinton and embarrassing Democrats. Needless to say, the story was national news for months.But Clinton s sex scandal was not nearly as scandalous as Trump s collusion with Russia during the 2016 Election is. That s because Trump s scandal violates our democratic process and is considered treason against the country.Never before had a foreign nation colluded with a candidate s campaign to help them win the presidency.But that s what happened as Trump Jr s own emails demonstrate. As Trump s Russia scandal deepens and the investigations get closer to the truth, Trump is panicking and is desperate to kill the investigation.The scandal has resulted in a record low approval rating of 37 percent, according to the latest Gallup poll.And that number is far lower than anything Clinton received at the height of his own scandal.Newsweek pointed out that Clinton s scandal hit national airwaves on January 21, 1998. Clinton s approval rating, however, climbed to 69 percent by the next month. And it would remain above 60 percent the rest of the year.Throughout the spring and summer months, the scandal dominated cable news and headlines but Clinton would not see his approval rating dip below 60 percent. And come August 1998, Gallup s three polls showed ratings of 64, 65 and 62 percent.Even after the impeachment trial, Clinton s approval rating never fell below 53 percent. Trump began his presidency with 45 percent, and it has only continued to dip.Clearly, Americans care more about the integrity of the democratic process than they do about an extramarital affair.This is not something that Trump is going to brag about. In all likelihood, Trump will seethe over this until he explodes in rage on Twitter, something else that has revolted Americans since he took office.But Trump only has himself to blame. His campaign colluded with the Russians and Trump has spent a lot of time lying about it and trying to obstruct the investigation.When and if Trump does get impeached, he won t have the support of the American people like Clinton did. They will be cheering for his end.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
713, WATCH: Internet Hilariously Mocks Trump For Not Killing His Own Flies Like President Obama,"Once again, Donald Trump gets hilariously reminded of why people love President Obama.As we all know by now, Trump fired chief of staff Reince Priebus on Friday by leaving him all by himself on the tarmac after landing at Andrews Air Force Base. The firing comes only days after new communications director Anthony Scaramucci trashed him.Apparently, even Trump himself repeatedly demeaned Priebus, even going so far so as to call him  weak  and calling into the Oval Office to kill flies.Yeah, you heard that right.According to the Washington Post,For Trump, the imperative to remove Priebus heightened over the past 10 days or so, according to White House officials It reached a fever pitch of the president complaining about Reince to all of us,  said one senior White House official, who requested anonymity to speak candidly.  If we heard it once, we heard it 20 times in the last week   this erosion of confidence. The word was  weak     weak,   weak,   weak.   Can t get it done. Trump s demeaning of Priebus came through in other ways, too. At one point, during a meeting in the Oval Office, a fly began buzzing overhead, distracting the president. As the fly continued to circle, Trump summoned his chief of staff and tasked him with killing the insect, according to someone familiar with the incident.Indeed, being summoned to the Oval Office just to kill a fly is incredibly demeaning and shows exactly the kind of terrible boss Trump is.After all, President Obama never summoned any of his top staff members into the Oval Office to kill flies. In fact, Obama had the skills to kill his own flies, as he did during an interview early on in his presidency.Here s the video via YouTube.So while Donald Trump is apparently too lazy or too scared to kill flies on his own, President Obama took matters into his own hands and got the job done.Of course, the Internet had fun mocking Trump and Priebus for the incident.(Unconfirmed):Priebus was ordered to swallow the fly,  then a spider, then a bird, then a cat, etc  ?  (((MK-Ultra))) ? (@MaryKateClark) July 29, 2017Even Montgomery Burns wouldn t ask Smithers to do this https://t.co/bCkuKelr83  Mark R. Yzaguirre (@markyzaguirre) July 29, 2017Twist: he couldn t use his hands, he had to dehumanize the fly until it lost its will to go on  Ian Fortey (@IanFortey) July 29, 2017Priebus  tongue promptly shot three feet from his mouth and snagged the fly mid-flight.  eatbees (@eatbees) July 29, 2017This just proves that President Obama was a far better leader than Donald Trump could ever hope to be. And that must really infuriate him.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
714, White Man Murders Cop And Racist Media Stays Silent,"Jason Brown, despite the  colorful  appellation, is about the whitest name I ve heard all day. Except I didn t hear it today. Not in the news anyway. Not on that little  trending  bar on the side of my Facebook feed, or with a hashtag in front of it on Twitter. Which is weird, because a dude named Jason Brown murdered a police officer in Indianapolis on Thursday.I can t help but think if his skin matched his name, you d already know who I was talking about. In fact, if Jason Brown looked a little more like Michael Brown, you might already know he had previous drug charges. You might even have seen this picture of him by now:Image via TwitterI know you haven t seen that picture until now, though. In fact, I know unless you clicked the link above, you still think I m just making some point about how white people can get away with all kinds of stuff people of color in America can t. I m not, of course. I m just here to provide some contrast for the very limited, very, very sanitized coverage available so far about Jason Brown, from the south side of Indianapolis, Indiana.All that is according to literally everyone the news has bothered to contact so far about this guy who murdered a cop. Perhaps if there was some footage of him selling loose cigarettes.You see, when Jason Brown got in a terrible car accident and officers responded to the scene, they expected to find someone in need of assistance. The slain policeman, Lieutenant Aaron Allan, certainly didn t expect to be met by a driver hanging upside-down in the demolished car, ready to fire multiple shots into his torso.Lt. Allan died later Thursday.So where is the wall-to-wall coverage of this cop murderer? It must be hiding behind this family-provided picture that the news is running with:All I can say is, I ve been working on this article for a while now, and I just came across the very first link that provided any insight as to why he might have completely broken character and started shooting at the officer. An Indy NBC affiliate says the police recovered 13 small bags of weed   which of course is possession with intent to deliver. Prison time.I wonder if, when they finally do charge Brown with the officer s murder (since they still haven t), they ll tack on those drug charges too, like they would if he was actually, um  Brown?Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
715, Federal Court Rules Against Trump’s Unpresidential Twitter Behavior (DETAILS),"One of the things that has plagued America   besides Donald Trump himself   is the POTUS  Twitter usage. Every day, Trump s Twitter account serves as an endless amount of humiliation and chaos for a country that was once well-respected around the world. While Trump has proven to his staff (and the country) that he cannot be controlled on social media, a federal court may have just ruled that there are some things he just CANNOT do on Twitter.One of Trump s most disturbing behaviors lies in his tendency to block people on Twitter just because they disagree with him. Currently, Trump is being sued by the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University for blocking people just because they expressed criticism. Thanks to a federal court ruling that happened this week, Trump may not be able to do that anymore.This week, a federal court ruled on a case very similar to Trump s, in which the chair of the Loudoun County Board of Supervisors, Phyllis J. Randall, had been blocking constituents on her public Facebook page. In the case Davison v. Loudoun County Board of Supervisors, Randall wrote on her county Facebook page, I really want to hear from ANY Loudoun citizen on ANY issues, request, criticism, compliment, or just your thoughts.  When Brian C. Davidson took her up on her offer, bringing up the alleged corruption in the county s school board, Randall responded by deleting his comment and blocking him. The following morning, Randall unblocked Davidson but he was not able to comment on her page or send her messages. Davidson argued that this was a violation of his freedom of speech, and a federal court ruled in his favor.U.S. District Judge James C. Cacheris ruled that this was a violation of the First Amendment s Free Speech Clause because Randall was  offended by his criticism of her colleagues in the County government , which he regarded as unconstitutional  viewpoint discrimination    pretty much what Trump does on Twitter. Cacheris explained:Defendant s offense at Plaintiff s views was therefore an illegitimate basis for her actions particularly given that Plaintiff earned Defendant s ire by criticizing the County government. Indeed, the suppression of critical commentary regarding elected officials is the quintessential form of viewpoint discrimination against which the First Amendment guards. By prohibiting Plaintiff from participating in her online forum because she took offense at his claim that her colleagues in the County government had acted unethically, Defendant committed a cardinal sin under the First Amendment.This certainly has implications to what might happen with Trump s own Twitter account. While Trump might try to argue that his personal Twitter page   separate from the @POTUS presidential account   is not intended to function as a public forum, it s obvious that Trump uses it to make presidential announcements. Members of his own team, such as former White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, have even stated that Trump s tweets are  official statements    which means this account should be subjected to the same rules as Randall s public Facebook page was.Featured image via Steve Pope / Getty Images",0
716, New Report Says Trump Destroyed Scaramucci’s Marriage,"Donald Trump s new pick for Communications Director, Anthony Scaramucci, is apparently so enamored with Trump that it s come between him and his wife, at least according to the New York Post s Page Six.Scaramucci s wife, Deidre Ball, was a Vice President in investor relations for Scaramucci s former company, SkyBridge Capital. According to Page Six, Ball is filing for divorce because of Scaramucci s ambition and his desire to get close to Trump, who she can t stand. They have been married for three years and have two children together.One source told Page Six,  Deidre has left him and has filed for divorce. She liked the nice Wall Street life and their home on Long Island, not the insane world of D.C. She is tired of his naked ambition, which is so enormous that it left her at her wits  end. She has left him even though they have two children together. A second source close to Scaramucci   who has alternately not been wearing his wedding ring, or has been sporting it on his right hand   said the former couple had fought over his loyalty to Trump. This was his second marriage and Ball was noticeably not present at his recent SALT conference in mid-May.The New York Post is traditionally one of the few media outlets that refuses to report on everything negative about the Trump administration and ,maybe the reason this story made the papers is that it s all about Scaramucci s swooning love affair with Trump. The Mooch,  as Scaramucci refers to himself, admires Trump s alleged athletic abilities: I ve seen this guy throw a dead spiral through a tire. I ve seen him at Madison Square Garden with a topcoat on. He s standing in the key and he s hitting foul shots and swishing them, OK? He sinks 3-foot putts. Source: NewsweekIn fact, during his initial press briefing, the Mooch used the word  love  21 times, and most of them were about Trump. I love the President, and I m very, very loyal to the President. And I love the mission that the President has, okay? Since the early days of the campaign when I went to these rallies and I saw the love that the people had for the President, and I grew up in the middle class, and so there s a struggle out there. The President saw that before I did. I wish I could tell you I saw it before him, but he taught it to me. And I feel that struggle and have empathy for that struggle, and I want to be here to help him make things better for the American people.What do you want to bet that his wife doesn t receive the same sort of adulation. Brava to Ball, though, for standing up for her principles and for her perfectly normal hatred of Donald Trump.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
717, BREAKING: Trump Kicks Reince Priebus Out Of White House (TWEET),"Donald Trump s White House has been going through a lot of insane changes lately, and it is certainly looking like a sign of an inevitable implosion.It was just a few days ago that White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer resigned over Trump s hiring of Anthony Scaramucci as his new Communications Director. Now, another key player in Trump s administration is out thanks to  the Mooch    White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus. Trump announced this shocking change in staff over Twitter, remarking that retired four-star general and Secretary of Homeland Security John F. Kennedy would be taking Priebus  place:We might have seen this coming   yesterday, Scaramucci told the New Yorker that Priebus was a  f*cking paranoid schizophrenic  and made several other vulgar comments about the former Republican National Committee president.While this story is still developing, these rapid changes in staff show an administration that is clearly in trouble and struggling to keep its head above water as it self-destructs. Trump s staff is being turned over at an unprecedented rate, and the amount of in-fighting between even the top staffers is like nothing we ve ever seen before. But what else can you expect when you appoint the most vile, corrupt individuals to help you run a country?If the leaks coming from the White House weren t concerning enough, the recent changes in staff serve as a telling sign that things are falling apart on a daily basis and Trump is desperate to save his failing presidency. Already, Trump s new Communication Director Anthony Scaramucci has become one of the most hated, abrasive characters in Trump s administration and is causing trouble with other staffers. We can only imagine what this administration will look like in the weeks to come   and it s probably safe to say that recovery will be impossible.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
718," Scaramucci’s New Yorker Interview Is More Than Just Gross, It May Be A Felony","Donald Trump s pick for Communications Director took an already vulgar administration down another notch or 3,000 in an interview with the New Yorker. It sounded more like the ramblings of a low-level mob hitman than of a Harvard Law grad who s been tapped to manage the message of the supposed leader of the free world. Here are a few snippets (not suitable for most children, or for most adults):On Chief of Staff Reince Priebus: Reince Priebus   if you want to leak something   he ll be asked to resign very shortly. And Reince is a fucking paranoid schizophrenic, a paranoiac Let me leak the fucking thing and see if I can cock-block these people the way I cock-blocked Scaramucci for six months.' On leakers: What I want to do is I want to fucking kill all the leakers and I want to get the President s agenda on track so we can succeed for the American people. On Steve (whatever his job is) Bannon: I m not Steve Bannon, I m not trying to suck my own cock. The interview, which would have made Richard Nixon blush, was potentially more than just obscene. It may have been a felony. In talking about leaks (he wants to  kill  all the leakers), one quote got the attention of the FBI: This is going to get cleaned up very shortly, O.K.?  Scaramucci said.  Because I nailed these guys. I ve got digital fingerprints on everything they ve done through the F.B.I. and the fucking Department of Justice. Source: Daily BeastThere s just one problem. Scaramucci doesn t actually work for the White House yet. He has no security clearance. He isn t supposed to have any digital fingerprints or any information from the FBI or the  fucking Department of Justice.  If he does have that information, he s potentially in a lot of trouble. If an FBI agent turned over digital evidence demonstrating who did particular leaks, that would be wildly inappropriate,  said Ken White, a former federal prosecutor who now practices criminal defense and first amendment litigation.  It could be illegal. It could be a felony depending on the nature of the evidence and how it was acquired. It would certainly be a flagrant breach of FBI protocol. Of course, Scaramucci is a Trumpster, which means that as with any Trump marriage, he and truth likely sleep in separate bedrooms. Or, as White says, Scaramucci s claim is just  dumbass popped-collar chest bumping,  which describes pretty much the entire Trump fiasco of an administration.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images.",0
719, Trump Admin Deals STUNNING Threat To Alaska Over Their Senator’s ‘No’ Vote On ACA Repeal,"The Trump administration, along with Congress members like Paul Ryan, really want to get some form of Obamacare repeal passed, and passed quickly. The repeal-only bill died when several Republican senators, including Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, voted no on a motion to advance the bill to the full Senate for debate.And the White House is not happy about that. They are very unhappy about it. Not only did Trump run over to Twitter to say that she  let the Republicans, and our country, down  Too bad!  but both of Alaska s senators also received calls from Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke, who proceeded to threaten her entire state over her vote. In essence, he threatened to withhold all kinds of funding from her state as punishment for her vote. According to the Alaska Post-Dispatch:Alaska Sen. Dan Sullivan (who voted  yes  on the motion) said the call from Zinke heralded a  troubling message. I m not going to go into the details, but I fear that the strong economic growth, pro-energy, pro-mining, pro-jobs and personnel from Alaska who are part of those policies are going to stop,  Sullivan said.Efforts and issues on the line include nominations of Alaskans to Interior posts, an effort to build a road out of King Cove through the Izembek National Wildlife Refuge, and future opportunities to drill in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and expand drilling in the National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska, among other regulatory issues that are a priority for Murkowski and Sullivan.This is Trump trying to force members of Congress to bend to his will. It s a strong arm tactic that s beneath the Office of the President and patently disgusting to boot. It s reminiscent of a scene in Full Metal Jacket where Gunnery Sergeant Hartmann begins punishing his entire platoon for one private s ongoing problems during basic training.Raul Grijalva, a representative from Arizona, has called for an investigation into Zinke s threats against Alaska. He s the top Democrat on the House Committee on Natural Resources and plans to ask both the Government Accountability Office and the Department of the Interior s Inspector General s office to investigate.Good.Murkowski, for her part, isn t cowed. She says she promised to work with the new administration on things that matter to Alaskans, and she intends to continue on that path. She doesn t believe the administration will actually cut off Alaska, but the fact that anyone in the administration threatened her state over her vote remains.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
720, Insane Racist Fired For Death Threats Against Muslims ‘Parked Too Close’ At Walmart,"You thought the people passing through Fargo, North Dakota were crazy. Now we have to worry about wood chippers in the Wal-Mart parking lot.On Tuesday, genuinely terrifying racist Amber E. Hensley confronted some Muslim women who she felt had  parked too close  for her to get in her car, although vehicle proximity may not have been the only factor, it appears. In mere moments, the disagreement turned into death threats against sisters Sarah and Laleyla Hassan and another passenger in their car, Rowda Soyan. All are Somali-American Muslims.The trio was on their way to see a movie, Raw Story reports, when they were approached by Hensley, who shouted at them through the window of their car. After exchanging taunts about who was or was not an American, the sister with the camera, Sarah, asked the woman  what are you gonna do?  Hensley leaned in and told the young women just what her intentions were: We re gonna kill all of ya. We re gonna kill every one of you fuckin  Muslims.Later, she asked the would-be moviegoers  why are you in our country, anyway? Hensley was fired nearly as soon as the video went public. From a statement issued by Horab & Wentz, the accounting firm where she previously worked:The women, of course, disagreed about what happened when the camera wasn t rolling. After her firing, Amber Hensley posted an  apology  on her now-deleted Facebook page:In an interview with the Twin Cities Pioneer Press, Sarah Hassan denied ever having insulted Jesus.We Muslims, we believe in Jesus, too. If I abuse Jesus it s like I m abusing my own god and I not going to be considered a Muslim.This is a common mistake among Christians who don t know anything about Islam. There are a great many parallels between the two Abrahamic religions, although names differ between them. In addition to lying about what Sarah said, Sarah claims that Hensley also mocked her sister Lalelya s crossed eyes and said it was the reason the women were parked so poorly.Amber Hensley was, of course, a big fan of Donald Trump:Trump may have said some things years ago  But Hilary has BLOOD on her hands! What's worse?!?! #trumpforpres.  Amber Hensley (@ambere162000) October 9, 2016You must bring up the 12yr old rape victim Hilary called promiscuous! She defended her rapest! And she calls us deplorable! #trumpforpres  Amber Hensley (@ambere162000) October 9, 2016We wish Amber E. Hensley the worst, as she searches in vain for another place that will hire crazy-ass racists who threaten to kill people for parking too close.Watch the video here:Amber Hensley. She just lost her job for this racist rant: ""We're gonna kill all of ya  Do you think the police care?""Don't be like her pic.twitter.com/okNXRXxSkQ  The Oklahuman (@TheOklahuman) July 26, 2017Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
721, Trump Awards Woman The Medal Of Valor Then Kisses Her,"On Thursday, Donald Trump awarded the Medal of Valor to five first responders for their heroic actions after a crazed Jill Stein supporter opened fire on congressional baseball practice, nearly killing raging homophobe and terrible human being Rep. Steve Scalise. These officers saved the lives of every innocent person on the field that day,  Trump said in a ceremony in the East Room of the White House, calling the men and woman  American heroes  for their actions.Capitol Police Special Agent Crystal Griner, who was wounded in the attack, was among those Trump honored   and he certainly treated her with all the respect she deserved NOT (is that still cool to do?).After presenting her with her medal, Trump whispered in her ear and leaned in for an incredibly uncomfortable kiss Griner went out of her way to ensure was only on the cheek.Imagine if Obama kissed a Medal of Valor recipient-Trump should be impeached for this-Where's outrage from GOP? SAD! https://t.co/Swzdu2KNN7  Scott Dworkin (@funder) July 27, 2017Naturally, the internet cringed in collective horror:I threw up in my mouth a little just watching this. ?  Melanie Jane (@mjprestarri) July 27, 2017I think her expression says it all.  Chief Sexual Assaulter in Charge  violates yet another woman ??  InYrDreemz Art (@InYrDreemz) July 27, 2017You can tell from her expression she knows it s coming and it s grossing her out, BIGLY!  politicaddict (@politicaddictio) July 27, 2017I saw this live. I was disgusted. Total lack of respect for this 1st responder. He would never kiss a man, nor did he!  Ann Barbe (@boysx2_ann) July 27, 2017She was HATING IT TOO! The look on her face walking away said it all!  People V. Trump (@Not45Th) July 27, 2017She really looks terrified.  Denise Weatherwax (@weathergirl49) July 27, 2017If Griner looked like she couldn t stand being near him, it s worth noting that she is a member of the LGBT community and Trump just got done saying that transgender Americans aren t human enough to serve their country and followed that up by having his justice department dispute the fact that her basic civil rights exist.Then he forced a totally unwanted kiss on her.Featured image via screengrab",0
722, The GOP Senate Just Set A Huge Trap For Trump; He’ll Be Screwed No Matter What He Does,"While the GOP Congress has mostly fallen right in line behind their Dear Orange Leader, there are some signs that the veneer of support is beginning to crack. On Thursday, Congress sent Donald Trump a near unanimous bill that will test Trump s patriotism and his allegiance to Russia.The bill would increase sanctions against Iran, North Korea and Russia. It would also prevent Trump from easing current sanctions against Russia. In the Senate, only Bernie Sanders and Rand Paul voted against the bill (Sanders said it could interfere with the Iran nuclear agreement). The House s bill passed by a vote of 419 to 3. In other words, even if Trump vetoes the bill, Congress will easily override it.Under the bill, the president is required to notify Congress before making any alterations to Russia sanctions policy, and lawmakers then have 30 days in which they can block the president from implementing those changes. The procedure, known as  congressional review,  is the most sweeping authority Congress has given itself to check the president on sanctions policy in decades.Such matters have traditionally been left to the executive branch once Congress authorizes the sanctions at the administration s disposal. Even in the case of mandatory sanctions, Congress usually steers clear of the president on matters of national security.If Trump does veto the bill, that s a tacit admission that yes, he is a Putin puppet. If he doesn t, it s a signal to Russia that Trump is no longer living up to the bargain. There is no winning on this one.While White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said she doesn t know whether Trump will sign the bill, Trump s new Communications Director, Anthony Scaramucci, hinted that Trump might veto the bill, but only to  negotiate an even tougher deal against the Russians.  If you believe that, I have some Trump University diplomas for sale.This is an interesting trap. It shows that Congress (at least most of them) doesn t trust Trump with national security. If that s not an admission of guilt on the part of the Republican Party, I don t know what is. Now if only they would publicly admit that they are worried about the future of this country.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images.",0
723, Democratic Twitter Hero Ted Lieu Taunts Trump Over Just-Passed Russia Sanctions,"Thursday afternoon, the US Senate passed new sanctions against Russia with a vote of 97-2. Just two Republicans   Rand Paul of Kentucky and Mike Lee of Utah   voted against the bill, which passed the House on Tuesday with a similar percentage of Yea votes. Both chambers served up a veto-proof majority in a show of bipartisan action rarely seen outside honorary legislation.The bill provides new sanctions for Russia, Iran, and North Korea, and includes a stunning rebuke to the president, whose power is stymied by the language of the legislation. Congressional approval would be required for the president to subsequently lift or even ease any sanctions. The measure came in response to Russian interference in the 2016 election, solidifying the consensus among literally everyone except Donald Trump, who still occasionally denies interference altogether, when he s not blaming Barack Obama for not doing anything about it.Democratic Representative Ted Lieu, who has been a frequent foil for Trump on his favorite social media platform, was on Twitter in a heartbeat after passage of the bill:As a Member of the House Foreign Affairs Cmte, I know this sanctions bill is a great deal for America. I dare @realDonaldTrump to veto it. https://t.co/jIfrYbFMoJ  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) July 27, 2017Daring Trump to try and test his power and authority, he also pointed out the consequences for the president, should he decide to veto the bill:If @realDonaldTrump vetoes the Russia, Iran, N. Korea sanctions bill, he would be throwing Israel & US under the bus to help Putin & Russia. https://t.co/iF4D3da5Vm  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) July 27, 2017Lieu, who represents California s 33rd District, seems to have made it his job to troll the president online, and Twitter is the perfect place for snarky one-liners and the art of the comeback. He actually referenced the Trump-Russia connection right in the bio section of his account:Husband of Betty, the love of my life. Father of two great kids. USAF veteran. Member of Congress. In that order. Also, I don t take orders from Vladimir Putin.Lieu got a quick start after Trump s inauguration with tweets poking fun at his fact-free style:Was charged $2.99 for coffee listed at $2.59. That's why I have trust issues. Oh, and the fact that @seanspicer at #WhiteHouse makes shit up  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) January 23, 2017Based on recs from folks on Twitter, I updated the sign outside my Congressional office. Added ""Period"" to #AlternativeFacts Free Zone. pic.twitter.com/rhILZWLmUW  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) January 25, 2017He took on more serious issues with the same comic sensibility:Tillerson's ignoring of question on chemical weapons in Syria & his poor performance as SoS is alarming. So I made this cheat sheet to help. pic.twitter.com/eu8k7XRBQn  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) April 4, 2017But generally he just uses his platform to crack a joke or two:BREAKING NEWS: More collusion, lying, cover-ups & foreign powers to be revealed Sunday evening. (I'm referring to @GameOfThrones).  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) July 14, 2017Will Donald Trump block Rep Lieu on Twitter like he has so many others who irritate him? Or will he just continue to ignore him, like he does with voters? Either way, we can count on Ted to keep us in stitches whenever the White House does something stupid   or when we want to see Trump get trolled.Featured image via Kris Connor/Getty Images",0
724, Anthony Scaramucci Just Said Some Weird Stuff About Steve Bannon’s ‘C*ck’,"On Wednesday, new White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci called the New Yorker s Ryan Lizza to complain about a tweet he sent out noting that Melania Trump attended a dinner with Scaramucci, Trump, Sean Hannity, and Fox News executive Bill Shine:Senior White House official tells me that Melania was also at the dinner tonight with Trump, Hannity, Shine, and Scaramucci.  Ryan Lizza (@RyanLizza) July 27, 2017 Who leaked that to you?  Scaramucci demanded, threatening to  eliminate everyone in the comms team and we ll start over. I ask these guys not to leak anything and they can t help themselves,  he complained.  You re an American citizen, this is a major catastrophe for the American country. So I m asking you as an American patriot to give me a sense of who leaked it. They ll all be fired by me,  he said.  I fired one guy the other day. I have three to four people I ll fire tomorrow. I ll get to the person who leaked that to you. Reince Priebus if you want to leak something he ll be asked to resign very shortly. Lizza refused to reveal his source repeatedly, but Scaramucci seems to be a teensy bit paranoid. Reince is a fucking paranoid schizophrenic, a paranoiac,  Scaramucci said, channeling his view of Priebus:    Oh, Bill Shine is coming in. Let me leak the fucking thing and see if I can cock-block these people the way I cock-blocked Scaramucci for six months. Then things got nuts, if they weren t before. He started talking about Steve Bannon s penis:Scaramucci was particularly incensed by a Politico report about his financial-disclosure form, which he viewed as an illegal act of retaliation by Priebus. The reporter said Thursday morning that the document was publicly available and she had obtained it from the Export-Import Bank. Scaramucci didn t know this at the time, and he insisted to me that Priebus had leaked the document, and that the act was  a felony. I ve called the F.B.I. and the Department of Justice,  he told me. Are you serious?  I asked. The swamp will not defeat him,  he said, breaking into the third person.  They re trying to resist me, but it s not going to work. I ve done nothing wrong on my financial disclosures, so they re going to have to go fuck themselves. Scaramucci also told me that, unlike other senior officials, he had no interest in media attention.  I m not Steve Bannon, I m not trying to suck my own cock,  he said, speaking of Trump s chief strategist.  I m not trying to build my own brand off the fucking strength of the President. I m here to serve the country.  (Bannon declined to comment.)Minutes later, The Mooch tweeted his infamous now-deleted  leak  tweet accusing Priebus of a felony.Trump hires the  best people,  right? Right?Featured image via screengrab",0
725, Trump-Touted Wisconsin Deal Forces Taxpayers To Shell Out $3 Billion,"Donald Trump is so desperate to take credit for job creation that he ignored the fact that the deal he bragged about takes money away from every person in Wisconsin.On Wednesday, Trump made a big deal about a Chinese company known as Foxconn building a factory in Wisconsin that could create up to 3,000 jobs.Thank you Foxconn, for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeInTheUSA?? pic.twitter.com/jJghVeb63s  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 27, 2017In addition, Trump claimed that the deal would not have happened had he not been elected, and went on to suck up to Foxconn chairman Terry Gou. His great company has seen our you know, you see exactly what I m saying our administration s work to remove job-killing regulations he s been watching to institute Buy American and Hire American, and all of those policies, and to pursue the steps necessary to revitalize American industry, including repealing and replacing Obamacare we better get that done, fellas, please. It should be pointed out that Foxconn was already planning to build a factory in the United States long before Trump ever considered running for president.But if Trump really wants to take credit, that means he is also taking credit for Republicans screwing over the people of Wisconsin to get the factory to come to their state.You see, in exchange for Foxconn choosing Wisconsin, Republican lawmakers and Governor Scott Walker approved a $3 billion subsidy for the company. According to Bloomberg, that amounts to taking $519 from every man, woman, and child in Wisconsin to fund what the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel points out  would total more than the combined yearly state funding used to operate the University of Wisconsin System and the state s prison system. And let s remember that we are talking about a private company that is already worth billions. Foxconn does not need billions of dollars of government subsidies to expand. They have the money to do it themselves. This amounts to nothing more than Foxconn holding the people of Wisconsin hostage and Republicans letting them and complying with their demands.And that is especially disastrous for Wisconsin since Foxconn is known for promising investments and not delivering.As Bloomberg reported,Three years ago, Gou signed a deal with the government of Jakarta, Indonesia s capital and its biggest city, to invest $1 billion and employ local workers to make electronics. That never happened. Neither did a $30 million high-tech factory in Pennyslvania that was announced a year earlier. Just this past year, Foxconn is reported to have pledged investments of $5 billion in India; $3.65 billion in Kunshan, China; and $8.8 billion in Guangzhou. It s too early to know if those sums will ever be spent, but including Wisconsin, the tally now stands at $27.5 billion of commitments. That s more than Hon Hai [Foxconn s flagship company] has spent in the last 23 years.So while Trump is busy touting the deal to make himself look good, he is doing so at the expense of Wisconsin taxpayers, many of whom now have to worry about how they will get by after paying Foxconn s ransom.Featured image via Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
726, GOP Senator Has Had ENOUGH: Firing Mueller Could End Trump Presidency (VIDEO),"Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC) has never been a fan of Donald Trump. He regularly criticized Trump throughout his disastrous campaign and very publicly refused to support him or vote for him. Now that we are six months into this American nightmare of a  presidency,  it seems that Senator Graham is more than done with Trump. When asked about Trump s repeated attacks on Attorney General Jeff Sessions, as well as his flagrant attempts to impede and obstruct Special Counsel Robert Mueller s Russia investigation, Graham did not mince words. Speaking to reporters on Thursday, Graham said: If Jeff Sessions is fired, there will be holy hell to pay. He went on to say that Trump is clearly trying to  humiliate  and  marginalize  his own Attorney General. After that, he said that any attempts to fire Mueller could be the beginning of the end of the Trump presidency. That s about as blatant a threat of impeachment as any GOP lawmaker has lobbed at Trump. It seems that Graham is finally standing up and actually telling his GOP colleagues that protecting our democracy is much more important than protecting Trump. Throughout the campaign and now as he occupies the Oval Office, Trump has proven himself to be unfit. He has careened from outrage to outrage, and increasingly lessened America s standing on the world stage.Now, it seems even his own party is sick of him. Just Wednesday night, Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley warned Trump that he would not confirm an Attorney General this year if Trump fires Sessions. Now, we have Lindsey Graham insisting that Trump must stop trying to turn America into a banana republic.Trump would do well to listen to these men. There s a reason Congress is Article 1 of the Constitution, and the Presidency is Article 2. They can kneecap him in a minute if pushed, and it seems that Trump is very close to crossing that red line with Lindsey Graham.Watch the stunning video below:Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
727, Boy Scouts Forced To Apologize On Trump’s Behalf,"After a fierce backlash following Donald Trump s appalling speech in front of the Boy Scouts in West Virginia, an official with the organization was forced to apologize for the former reality show star s wildly inappropriate  political rhetoric.  Initially, the BSA issued a statement but Trump s speech was not addressed.On Thursday, since Trump could not find it in himself to apologize for being highly inappropriate, an official with the Boy Scouts of America apologized in a message posted online to the scouting community for the political content of his speech at the National Scout Jamboree. I want to extend my sincere apologies to those in our Scouting family who were offended by the political rhetoric that was inserted into the jamboree. That was never our intent,  Michael Surbaugh, Chief Scout Executive, wrote.Trump s speech was so awful that a former CIA chief said  it was like watching a dictator  and said it  gave him the creeps.  The amateur president even prompted the crowd of children to boo former president Barack Obama. The event was supposed to be about the Boy Scouts but as usual, Trump s intense jealousy of his predecessor was on full display.Surbaugh said  we know the past few days have been overshadowed by the remarks offered by the President of the United States  and that s putting it mildly.Trump took to the podium, not to congratulate the children, but to slam the  fake news  media. He promoted the repeal of the Affordable Care Act and boasted about his electoral night victory and called out the Washington  cesspool. Who the Hell wants to speak about politics when I m in front of the Boy Scouts,  he said, then kept talking about politics, among other inappropriate things like a New York cocktail party.  The hottest people in New York were at this party,  he told the children.The organization s Facebook page is inundated with comments from upset parents ready to yank their sons out of the organization. It s not a Democrat vs. Republican sort of thing. It s about decency.Image via screen capture. ",0
728, GOP Rep Blames Media For Trump’s Attacks On Sessions,"On Thursday, GOP Rep. Dave Brat took to CNN to blame, of all people, the media for Donald Trump s relentless attacks on Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Brat represents Virginia s 7th District, which may explain his love of both Sessions and Trump, and his desire to blame someone else for their falling out. The 7th District was created in 1993 by decree of the Department of Justice, who forced the state to create at least one  majority minority  district in order to comply with Section 5 of the Civil Rights Act. Much of the urban areas of Richmond were carved out into a new 3rd District, and what was left   the mainly white voters   were left in the 7th.Being as Trump and Sessions are now the two most powerful racists in America, it stands to reason that a guy representing an area that hasn t voted for a single Democrat in more than 45 years   and never elected a person of color  would want them to get along.In a statement released by Brat s office on Wednesday, he decried the  full-throated obsession over Russia  by the media, which he said could not have been foreseen at the time of Sessions  recusal from the investigation. That recusal has been the source of the recent enmity between the AG and the president. From the statement:The media s attacks have only escalated since Trump s inauguration. Fake news dominates. Anchors now make the news by opinion, instead of reporting objective reality. The President is frustrated with those who have called for his impeachment since day one.But CNN s Kate Bolduan took Brat to task for seemingly blaming the press for Trump s social media outburts. In a testy exchange, she maintained a difficult smile as she said  the media s not forcing the president to tweet his attacks.  Brat s response?  I think you did.  Bolduan was incredulous:Are you kidding me? The media did not force the president to attack Jeff Sessions.Watch the exchange in this tweet from CNN s Katerina Erbiti: I will concede the President did touch his key pad    @RepDaveBrat saying the media forced POTUS to attack Sessions https://t.co/mWkvpjZKjb  Katerina Erbiti (@KaterinaErbiti) July 27, 2017Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
729, Trump’s White House IMPLODES As Kellyanne Conway Attacks Fellow Top Staffer (VIDEO),"The amount of in-fighting that we ve seen in Donald Trump s administration is like nothing we ve ever seen before. There have been an unprecedented amount of leaks coming from inside the White House, and Trump s top staffers routinely throw each other under the bus, proving that Trump s  administration  is actually more like  The Apprentice  than anything elseWhite House counselor Kellyanne Conway displayed this perfectly, when she recently argued that White House Communication Director Anthony Scaramucci was demoralized because he had to fill out financial disclosure forms before taking up his new position in Trump s administration. Those very disclosure forms were leaked this week, and Scaramucci pretty much blamed White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus for it. As expected, Conway couldn t wait to get on Fox & Friends to make it even worse. Trump s most abrasive mouthpiece said: The most important part of Anthony s tweet is when he talked about the FBI and the DOJ. He s making clear that even though these documents are eventually procurable publicly that somebody doesn t want him here. And somebody is trying to get in his way and scare him off from working here, which is a huge mistake. Conway complained that administration members like Scaramucci have been completely demoralized and I think completely disinclined to do so based on the paperwork that we have to put forward. Divesting assets, the different hoops you have to run through. Because this White House is transparent and accountable and we all comply with those rules. Conway continued to attack Priebus, stating: There are leaks, and then there are people using the press to shiv each other in the ribs. That s different than a leak. A leak is,  Did you see the memo Kellyanne put out on this matter? Did you hear what Jared said in the senior staff meeting?  That s a classic leak. Fox News host Steve Doocy stated that the  elephant in the room  was Priebus, and whether or not he was  the big leaker.  Conway was more than happy to issue this ominous warning: Leakers are easier to figure out than they may think. The West Wing is a very small place. You can watch Conway attack her fellow Trump staffer below:Featured image via Kevin Hagen / Getty Images",0
730," Trump Gets HUMILIATED By His Own Joint Chiefs, Contradict His Transgender Ban","It appears Donald Trump jumped the gun when he announced a ban on transgender people serving in the military.On Wednesday morning, Trump declared that he spoke with the general and military experts and decided to discriminate against transgender people.After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 .Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 .victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017Well, Trump s declaration appears to have confused the Joint Chiefs of Staff, because they are telling the military not to adopt Trump s policy until he issues a direct order on the subject.According to Reuters reporter Idrees Ali,  US Joint Chiefs of Staff tells military there will be no modification to transgender policy until direction received from Pres. EXCLUSIVE: US Joint Chiefs of Staff tells military there will be no modification to transgender policy until direction received from Pres  Idrees Ali (@idreesali114) July 27, 2017Chairman of the Joint Chiefs General Joseph Dunford even sent a letter to the military ordering them to  continue to treat all of our personnel with respect. In the meantime, we will continue to treat all of our personnel with respect.  Dunford says in letter seen by Reuters https://t.co/Y5Fckbpfdc  Idrees Ali (@idreesali114) July 27, 2017Apparently, Trump s tweets do not determine official Pentagon policy.The Joint Chiefs just humiliated Trump by contradicting his Twitter declaration. Now we must wait and see how Trump responds.Dunford s letter makes it clear that the military values respect and non-discrimination, even if Trump does not. So when Trump claimed he made his decision based on consultations with his  generals and military experts,  was he lying? Did he just make something up to justify his decision? Did the Joint Chiefs actually approve of Trump s ban?I guess we ll learn more from Trump s impending temper tantrum.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
731," WATCH: Scaramucci Flips Out Over White House Leaks, Sends Ominous Warning To Reince Priebus","Anthony Scaramucci is a terrible communications director, and he proved it again on Thursday morning.During an interview on CNN with Chris Cuomo, Donald Trump s new main squeeze, otherwise known as the mooch who put a smooch on Trump s ass, whined about leaks coming from the White House because news outlets reported on a dinner Scaramucci had with Sean Hannity . What I m upset about is the process   and the junk pool, the dirty pool   in terms of the way this stuff is being done,  Scaramucci began.  I can t have a couple of friends up from Fox & Friends, and Sean Hannity, who s one of my closest friends, to dinner with the president and his first lady without it being leaked in seven minutes. He then claimed that  the fish stinks from the head down,  only to quickly clarify that he means everyone in the White House except Trump and himself. I can tell you two fish that don t stink,  Scaramucci said.  And that s me and the president. In short, Scaramucci just threw Steve Bannon, Reince Priebus, Jared Kushner, Kellyanne Conway, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, and Ivanka Trump under the bus.When asked about his relationship with Trump s Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, whom he accused of leaking information even though the information is supposed to be public since it s a disclosure form, Scaramucci ominously referenced the Bible. Some brothers are like Cain and Abel. I don t know if this is reparable or not, that s up to the president. Priebus should probably be worried and the Secret Service should take notice. Because the story of Cain and Abel ends with Cain murdering his brother out of jealousy.That s right. Scaramucci just suggested that he could murder Priebus.Scaramucci then declared that the job of White House staffers is to  inject this president into America. Yeah, against America s will.Here s the video via VidMe.Once again, Scaramucci delivers a failure of an interview all while tearing the White House apart in the process. Trump s team must be so thrilled to be accused of being leakers.Featured Image: Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
732, Trump Is Trying To Make It Illegal For Groups Of People He’s Screwed To Sue Him,"While it s sometimes difficult to keep up with all the legal hot water Donald Trump is in, one lawsuit predates even his Russian troubles and now Trump wants to put an end to lawsuits like it.For years, Trump peddled his supposed real estate expertise in a scheme called Trump University, which is not a university and it s really not Trump. In the end, 6,000 people sued Trump in a class action lawsuit. They claim that the promised Donald Trump investment techniques were mostly stuff that you could find on the Internet, some of which was illegal in some of the states where the seminars took place,  she said.  They say that the promised mentoring was worthless or nonexistent, that the instructors were unqualified and that they were definitely not handpicked by Donald Trump, as he claimed. And transcripts of Donald Trump s deposition   confirm that he was relatively unengaged with what went on in Trump University. Source: NPRThey won $25 million and now, Trump wants to put an end to class action lawsuits altogether, which would free corporations to screw their customers with very little accountability.While the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau finalized a new rule that would ban mandatory arbitration clauses, and would instead allow consumers to sue banks when they are wronged, the White House came out with a statement saying that when consumers sue, it s frivolous. If allowed to take effect, the CFPB s harmful rule would benefit trial lawyers by increasing frivolous class-action lawsuits; harm consumers by denying them the full benefits and efficiencies of arbitration; and hurt financial institutions by increasing litigation expenses and compliance costs (particularly for community and mid-sized institutions),  the White House said in a statement.Source: The WeekMandatory arbitration, while it might sound efficient, is rarely customer friendly. Most arbitrators are paid by the institution and in most cases, what they say is legally binding. Most of the time, the arbitrators rule in favor of the institution.In a sample of 19,300 cases, arbitrators ruled in favor of consumers 5 percent of the time. Meanwhile, arbitration firms used by companies such as MasterCard, Visa, Discover Financial Services and American Express Co. won 95 percent of the disputes, the study showed.Source: Seattle PIFrivolous, like when Donald Trump sued a man for daring to be born with the name Donald Trump, or when he sued a Miss USA contestant, or when he sued the Chicago Tribune for doubting Trump s Chicago building would eclipse the then Sears (and now Willis) Tower.Altogether, Trump has been involved in more than 3,500 lawsuits, but despite the fact that our taxpayers pay for courts, he wants to take the option to use them away from us, unless we can afford pricey attorneys.Class action lawsuits are democratic; they give the people a voice. In Trump s and in Republicans  world, though, consumer rights are inconvenient for profits. We should just shut up and when a bank-salaried arbitrator tells us we need to take it up the you-know-what, we d better take it up the you-know-what.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
733," Trump’s Salary Donation Is Just Bullsh*t PR, And Here’s Why","Amateur president Donald Trump is donating his second-quarter salary to the Department of Education, the White House announced Wednesday. During her daily press briefing, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, who was besieged with questions about Trump s Twitter announcement saying that he s banning transgender Americans from serving in the military, told everyone about the $100,000 donation. Huckabee Sanders then handed the check signed by the former reality show star to Education Secretary Betsy Devos, a billionaire.Now, while they may seem generous on the surface, Trump has proposed slashing the Education Department by $9.2 billion. That s a 14 percent reduction so $100,000 is a mere drop in the bucket.And while he s profiting from his businesses, typically every weekend when the 71-year-old needs a break, he threw his relatively meager salary at the very department he s stripping funding from.DeVos announced that the money would go toward hosting a science, technology, engineering, and mathematics camp for children at the department. We want to encourage as many students as possible to pursue STEM fields,  DeVos said.Trump's donation to Dept of Education: $100,000.Spending cut to education in Trump's proposed 2018 budget: $9,200,000,000.  Peter Alexander (@PeterAlexander) July 26, 2017Trump donated his first quarter salary of about $78,000 to the National Park Service. Just like Huckabee Sanders did today, Sean Spicer made a big show of handing over the Trump s salary to benefit the National Park Service, but his budget slashes the Department of the Interior by 12 percent.Trump s first paycheck of $78,333 went to a department he planned to slash by $1.6 billion in funding. We see a pattern here!Shortly before Trump s inauguration, Mar-a-Lago doubled its annual membership fee to $200,000. He s literally profiting from his  presidency  by using his Florida resort for official government business. Each weekend Trump spends at one of his businesses, the visit generates revenue for the alleged president. And we, the taxpayers, are footing the bill.But hey, he gave departments which he s slashed funding for his paycheck, so he s a really good guy, right? Here, have a penny while I take a billion dollars from you. It s all good.It does make a good photo-op, though.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
734, Trump Will ‘Torture’ Sessions Every Day Until He Resigns: Report,"Trump apparently will continue the feud he started with Jeff Sessions when he said he thought Sessions had been very unfair in recusing himself from the Russia investigation. He wants someone who is going to be 100 percent blindly loyal (meaning someone who will stop any and all investigations into him and his family and open investigations into Hillary and the Democrats), and clearly, Sessions isn t it. So, according to one of Trump s close advisers, he will torture Sessions until he resigns:He wants to fire him but he doesn t want the confrontation. He doesn t mind the long negative storyline. He will torture him every single day. When Trump gets all butthurt like this, he focuses his ire on the perceived guilty party and doesn t let it go until they either cave or someone manages to convince him to let it go. Sessions, thus far, has maintained that he will not resign, and, well, Trump just can t have that.According to Politico, Trump has been whining up one side and down the other about Sessions  decision to recuse himself from the Russia investigation to anyone who will listen. Not only did Trump say that was unfair to him, but he also said that, if he d known Sessions was going to take the job and then recuse himself, he would never have  given  him the job in the first place. To Trump, recusal in this situation is a grave abdication of responsibility and a betrayal of trust when the person doing so is supposed to be on Trump s side (if they re an opponent, of course, they must recuse over the slightest possible conflict).Sessions, for his part, doesn t seem to know what the problem is. One person close to him said that they ve spoken to people in the West Wing and nobody understands why Trump is doing this. But Trump, never one to let go of a grudge until his enemy is completely vanquished (and sometimes, not even then), reportedly wants to see how Sessions will respond to things like mockery and humiliation.If Sessions does resign, Trump will eventually turn his ire on someone else. He wants sycophants, not people who will do their jobs.Featured image via Michael Reynolds and Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
735, Trump’s Approval Rating Takes Game-Changing Turn In 11 Pro-Trump States (DETAILS),"Donald Trump s approval rating continues to plummet in its downward spiral, and it seems to be getting lower by the week. The latest bad news for the man baby in the White House will be that more Americans disapprove of Trump s job performance than approve in 31 states across the country. Here s the real kicker   this includes 11 states that he d actually won in November!It turns out, not even Trump s most supportive audiences are willing to stand by him after watching him try to burn our country to the ground on a weekly basis. The states that have changed their minds about Trump include Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan and Florida, Ohio, Iowa, North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona   and two states that shocked everyone   Indiana and Texas.You can check out how the states are rating Trump below:Trump has been setting records left and right during his presidency   and almost 100% of it is negative. Over the last three months, Gallup noted that the disgraceful POTUS  approval rating (39 percent) has set records lows for a president in his second quarter.When many of those states might have supported Trump last year, it seems they re running in the opposite direction now. In Texas and Indiana, there is now a major difference between the states  approval of Trump in November, and how the American people feel about him now. For example, in Indiana (where Vice President Mike Pence hails from), Trump had won that state by 19 points in November. Less than a year later, he is now one point underwater. In Texas, Trump had won by nine points last year. Now, he s nine points under in that state.This is not looking good for Trump at all, as he is consistently failing in each of these once pro-Trump states:What this tells us is that even Trump s supporters are getting tired of his bullsh*t and are regretful that they didn t put their vote behind a real presidential candidate. Any Republican who wanted to give Trump the benefit of the doubt is certainly having second thoughts now.To a normal leader, this would be devastating. Any respectable president would be panicking and consumed with how they are going to turn this around. But not Trump! Last week, Trump said that his ridiculously low approval rating of almost 40 percent was  not bad at this time    even though he d set a record low.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
736, Transgender Navy SEAL Hero Dares Trump: Tell Me To My Face I’m Not Worthy Of Serving,"Because today ends in a Y, Donald Trump took to his twitter account to bash a group of people; this time it was transgender Americans. In a series of early morning tweets on Wednesday, Trump announced that he plans to reinstate a ban on transgender individuals serving  in any capacity  in the U.S. armed forces, thus overturning the Obama-era rule. Trump s decision is in stark contrast to his vow during his campaign last year in which he said he would be a better friend to the LGBTQ community than Hillary Clinton.  I will tell you who the better friend is and some day I believe that will be proven out big league,  Trump said at the time.According to the RAND Corporation, in 2016 there were between 1,320 and 6,630 transgender people serving in the military.On Wednesday, a retired Navy SEAL team 6 hero who is transgendered, called out Trump over his decision to ban trans people from serving in the U.S. military, telling him to tell her to her face that she is not worthy of serving.Kristin Beck, a 20-year-veteran of the Navy SEALS, was interviewed by Business Insider about Trump s ban and she had a few choice words for the amateur president. Let s meet face to face and you tell me I m not worthy,  Kristin Beck said, referring to President Bone Spurs.  Transgender doesn t matter. Do your service. Being transgender doesn t affect anyone else,  Beck continued.  We are liberty s light. If you can t defend that for everyone that s an American citizen, that s not right. Beck was deployed 13 times over two decades and served in Bosnia, Iraq, and Afghanistan, according to Business Insider. She received the Bronze Star award for valor and the Purple Heart for wounds suffered in combat so she served our country well. I was defending individual liberty,  she said.  I defended for Republicans. I defended for Democrats. I defended for everyone. We re picturing Trump being fired upon as a soldier comes up to rescue him.  Are you transgendered, because if you are, you are not supposed to be here.  No one would be surprised if Trump started unleashing mean-girl tweets about the retired Navy SEAL. We can see it now:  She s a LOSER! Go on Trump, tell that to her face. Tell this war hero that she s not worthy of serving.Featured image via Tom Pennington/Getty Images",0
737, Trump Attacks Sessions Again For Not Helping Him Obstruct Russia Investigation,"Apparently, Donald Trump thinks the Attorney General serves as the president s personal legal protector.Despite criticism from many Republicans, Trump continued his attacks on Jeff Sessions on Wednesday morning, marking the third consecutive day in which Trump has targeted Sessions on Twitter.Trump demanded to know why Sessions didn t fire acting-FBI Director Andrew McCabe.Why didn t A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 big dollars ($700,000) for his wife s political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017The political affiliation of someone s spouse is not a legitimate reason to fire someone. Also, Sessions recused himself from the Russia investigation and does not want to be seen obstructing the investigation.Trump s attacks against Sessions began on Monday when he demanded that Sessions persecute Hillary Clinton, referring to him as  beleaguered. So why aren t the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes & Russia relations?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 24, 2017Trump struck again on Tuesday, calling Sessions  weak  for not going after Clinton over emails.Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails & DNC server) & Intel leakers!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017Problem is that the acting head of the FBI & the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017Keep in mind that Trump himself declined to prosecute Hillary Clinton after the election. It s just not something that I feel very strongly about,  Trump said at the time.In other words, Trump knows that prosecuting Clinton would be pointless because she has been cleared by the FBI. Opening another investigation for something she was already cleared for would be a true definition of a witch hunt.This is the third time Trump has attacked Sessions on Twitter this week alone. And it s not making Republicans very happy. Senator Lindsey Graham slammed Trump for it in a statement he released on Twitter Tuesday morning.pic.twitter.com/7Dk2GTbR9O  Lindsey Graham (@LindseyGrahamSC) July 25, 2017And Graham is just one of many Republicans who are sick and tired of him attacking Sessions.But Trump did it again anyway, and you have to wonder how long Republicans are going to put up with Trump s bullshit.Featured image via Shawn Thew-Pool/Getty Images",0
738," Trump Goes On Stunningly Bigoted Rant, Says He Will Not Allow Military Service Of Transgender Soldiers","We always knew that the Trump Administration was anti-LGBTQ. However, he just went full throttle on Twitter in an incredibly bigoted way. Despite his promises during the campaign, Trump is now insisting that transgender people should not be included in military service. Trump tweeted that transgender people would never serve in the military under his direction. Trump tweeted:Of course, this is a major reversal of Obama-era policies. President Obama ended the travesty that was  Don t Ask, Don t Tell  for lesbian, gay, and bisexual service members. Now, he is going after the policy that would provide healthcare for transgender soldier. Trump just effectively let the nation know that he has every intention of taking the nation back to a time when equality was simply not on the table for anyone not straight, white, Christian, and cisgender.Of course, this is red meat for Trump s bigoted base. Also, his rabidly anti-LGBTQ #2 Soldier in bigotry, Mike Pence, likely had a whole hell of a lot to do with this. Pence hates LGBTQ people, as was shown by the actions and statements he made first during his time in Congress, and then as Governor of Indiana.This is disgraceful. Trump made all kinds of promises he is refusing to keep. He promised he wouldn t go after LGBTQ people. He promised to be a president for all Americans. He has now officially proven that he never had any intention of doing any such thing.This is indeed a dark day for America.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
739," Apparently, Trump Is Sad He Has No Eric Holder","Over the last few days, President Trump has made it no secret that he is tired of having Jeff Sessions on board as Attorney General. As usual, the situation was confirmed by an early morning tweet from the President himself, this time coming on Tuesday.Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails & DNC server) & Intel leakers!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017Now the new White House Communications Director, Anthony Scaramucci, has stepped up to replace former Press Secretary and acting White House Communications Director Sean Spicer and right into this mess. Spicer announced his intention to resign last week and will formally step down from the role in August, so now it s Scaramucci s duty to try and justify whatever move President Trump makes next and he is more than aware that it will most likely be the firing of Sessions.In fact, Scaramucci has already come straight out and said that Trump  probably  wants Sessions gone. The comment came during an interview with conservative MSNBC host Hugh Hewitt, who made the statement  it s clear the President wants him gone,  in reference to Sessions. I have an enormous amount of respect for the Attorney General,  was Scaramucci s reply.  But I do know the President pretty well. And if there s this level of tension in the relationship that s public, you re probably right. But I don t want to speak for the President on that because he s a Cabinet official. And I sort of think that has to be between the President of the United States and a Cabinet official. But Scaramucci didn t stop there. Far from it. Rather, he continued by going into detail of how a person like Barack Obama s Attorney General, Eric Holder, would be the perfect fit for Trump in order to build a great Cabinet relationship. You and I might be at odds with Eric Holder politically,  Scaramucci told Hewitt.  But one of the things I would give him a lot of credit for is that he was a pretty good hockey goalie for the president. He was also willing to help the president inside the bounds of the law. I m not saying these guys did anything illegal. But when you think about the relationship John Kennedy had with his brother as Attorney General, or you think about the relationship the president had with Eric Holder   President Obama  [Trump and Sessions] probably don t have that sort of relationship. And I think the president, when he thinks about the architecture of his Cabinet, I think he needs that sort of a relationship there. So Barack Obama might be the only person Trump dislikes almost as much as Hillary Clinton, but the President really needs someone like Obama s Attorney General right now in order to build some solidarity according to the White House Communications Director. Interesting.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
740, Former CIA Chief Blasts Trump’s Speech To Boy Scouts: ‘Like Watching A Dictator’,"When Donald Trump addressed the Boy Scouts  National Jamboree Monday night, nobody could possibly have expected the cluster bomb of impropriety he detonated in the middle of a crowd of kids. From regaling the youngsters with tales of  interesting  yacht outings and real estate moguls, to leading them in a chorus of boos at the expense of Barack Obama, Trump essentially used a gathering that usually represents the best of America as a campaign rally with a captive audience.That s just how former CIA Director John McLaughlin saw it, as well:Trump's Boy Scout speech had the feel of a third world authoritarian's youth rally.  john mclaughlin (@jmclaughlinSAIS) July 25, 2017In an interview with Business Insider, McLaughlin said the speech  gave [him] the creeps. It was like watching the late Venezuelan [President Hugo] Chavez. You want to signal to young people the concept in democracy of loyal opposition, of remaining loyal to government He was attacking his predecessor for no good reason, and his competitor in the last election. He was showing disloyalty to his subordinates ranting on about financial stories in New York.From the Insider:Trump basically told the Boy Scouts, don t respect your opponents, only believe me, and cheer for me,  McLaughlin said.  What message is this giving to young people? McLaughlin, a Republican, was not alone in his assessments. In addition to noted conservative commentator Bill Kristol, who McLaughlin was responding to on Twitter, parents of Scouts across the country were outraged. Many threatened to pull their kids from the organization, and some even vowed to returned their badges if the BSA didn t issue an apology for Trump s behavior at the Jamboree. The Boy Scouts  Facebook page was inundated with comments after they posted a half-hearted  perspective  on the president s visit   a tepid response that did nothing to address the content or tone of the speech. The power of the presidency is the power to inspire,  McLaughlin said.There was nothing inspiring about Trump s completely inappropriate speech in front of 40,000 kids.Featured image via George Frey/Getty Images",0
741, Trump’s Lawyers Say Encouraging Reasonable Force Against Protestors Is 1st Amendment Right,"According to lawyers for Donald Trump, it was completely fine for the now President to have encouraged supporters to use  reasonable force  to remove disruptive protestors from his campaign rallies last year, as he was just exercising his right to freedom of speech by doing so.The claim came during an emergency motion asking the US appeals court to throw out a lawsuit filed by three people who believe they were manhandled at a Trump rally that took place during March last year in Louisville, KY. Fortunately for the two women and one man, U.S. District Judge David Hale refused to dismiss the case, stating that the plaintiffs  lawsuit  described a chaotic and violent scene in which a crowd of people turned on three individuals,  with the plaintiffs being punched, kicked and verbally abused. According to Trumps lawyers, one of the plaintiffs, an African American woman, had held up a  sign depicting Trump s face on the body of pig, Trump kept saying,  Get them out, get them out,  and people in the crowd began pushing and shoving the protesters,  said Alvin Bamberger, one of the audience members at the rally who was cited in the lawsuit and the one whom the plaintiffs described as the  most aggressive.  The President s lawyers felt the need to add that, in Trump s defence, he did say at the time,  Don t hurt  em. If I say,  Go get  em,  I get in trouble with the press, the most dishonest human beings in the world. The plaintiffs are attempting to sue Trump and his campaign, but the real question here is whether Trump should be deemed responsible for having incited, or at the very least, provoked the violence in the first place. The three people beaten and abused at the Louisville rally do, hence the reason why they re seeking damages from the President for what they believe was a reckless incitement of violence.President Trump s lawyers claim in their latest motion that protesters who  initially purchased tickets and entered the rally in a peaceful manner  can also be forcibly removed if they become disruptive. It also makes no difference whether the crowd reacted with unlawful violence beyond what Mr. Trump advocated, because the hostile reaction of the crowd does not not transform protected speech into incitement,  the lawyers added in their statement.Judge Hale believes the plaintiffs  complaint is more than enough to proceed toward a trial, writing in his March 31 order It is plausible that Trump s directive to  get  em out of here  advocated the use of force. [It] is stated in the imperative; it was an order, an instruction, a command. Trump s lawyers, however, believe that, not only is that a reasonable order for Trump to give, it is also his right. Without this court s intervention, this litigation will inflict irreparable harm on the Trump defendants by subjecting them to punitive litigation as the price of exercising their core First Amendment rights,  Washington attorney Michael Carvin said wrote. Mr. Trump had a First Amendment right to call for the removal of disruptive protesters from his campaign rally, and it is a bedrock principle of law that the right to exclude another   includes the right to use reasonable force. Furthermore, Trump s lawyers filed a  writ of mandamus  with the U.S. 6th Circuit Court this week, asking the appeals court to remove the case from Hale. Their argument was that Trump cannot be held liable for  negligently inspiring third parties to engage in violence. Featured image via Justin Merriman/Getty Images",0
742, Trump Says ‘Illegals’ Are Here To Chop Up Teen Girls With Knives Because Shooting Them Isn’t Painful Enough,"Holy f*ckballs, Trump s rallies are lit these days. If you re one of the minority of Americans who hates brown folks  and happens to live in a sparsely-populated state with a high number of uneducated bigots  who will go along with anything as long as someone lets you say the n-word a lot and does something about all those brownish folks who don t speak no English, you have a home anywhere The Donald speaks these days.Lately, Trump has gone from zero to demanding personal loyalty from children and effectively resurrecting  Jews drink baby blood and poison the well  frighteningly quickly   and Tuesday night in Youngstown, Ohio was no different than any other night in Trump s America.Trump told the crowd of vapid mouthbreathers who all look like their name is  Shelly  all about the dangers the  animals  from down south pose while some guy held up photos of what appears to be a mobile meth lab. Seriously, this rally was off the chains:Predators and criminal aliens who poison our communities with drugs and prey on innocent young people   these beautiful, beautiful innocent young people will find no safe haven anywhere in our country.And you ve seen the stories about some of these animals. They don t want to use guns because it s too fast, it s not painful enough. So they take a young, beautiful girls   16, 15   and others they slice they slice them and dice them with a knife because they want them to go through excruciating pain before they die. And these are the animals that we ve been protecting for so long,  Trump told the crowd   apparently unaware that ICE arrests of people who have not committed a crime have actually doubled under Donald Trump.We can t even find any examples of  illegals  kidnapping 15 and 16 year-old girls for the express purpose of cutting them up with knives just to drink in their sweet, sweet pain. It s almost like he s just making up something absofuckinglutely horrifying just to pander to a base of racist fools who are too stupid to figure out the snake oil they bought from him is just snake oil even after he told them it s snake oil.Watch it below:Featured image via screengrab",0
743," She Might Be The Last Decent Republican In America, And This Audio From A Hot Mic Proves It","Tuesday morning, attendees of a Senate subcommittee hearing were treated to that wonder of wonders, a  hot mic  episode   in which a speaker continues talking without realizing that their microphone is still live. In this case, it was Republican senator Susan Collins of Maine.Collins, noted recently for her opposition to the GOP health care bill currently before the Senate, is known for thinking outside her party. It s not really surprising that she does   it s actually surprising that more Republican female members of Congress aren t at least a little concerned with their colleagues  behavior. But if Collins  bucking the party on Trumpcare made you smile, the exchange she had with the ranking Democrat on the subcommittee she chairs, Jack Reed of Rhode Island, will make you smile even bigger:Collins: I swear, [the Office of Management and Budget] just went through and whenever there was  grant,  they just X it out. With no measurement, no thinking about it, no metrics, no nothing. It s just incredibly irresponsible.Reed: Yes. I think   I think he s crazy. I mean, I don t say that lightly and as a kind of a goofy guy.Collins: I m worried.Reed: Oof. You know, this thing   if we don t get a budget deal, we re going to be paralyzed.Collins: I know.Reed: [Department of Defense] is going to be paralyzed, everybody is going to be paralyzed.Collins:I don t think he knows there is a [Budget Control Act] or anything.Reed: He was down at the Ford commissioning saying,  I want them to pass my budget.  Okay, so we give him $54 billion and then we take it away across the board which would cause chaos.Collins: Right.Reed: It s just   and he hasn t   not one word about the budget. Not one word about the debt ceiling.Collins: Good point.Reed: You ve got [Budget Director Mick] Mulvaney saying we re going to put in all sorts of stuff like a border wall. Then you ve got [Treasury Secretary Steve] Mnuchin saying it s got to be clean. We re going to be back in September, and, you know, you re going to have crazy people in the House.Then the conversation got funny. On Monday, a Texas congressman was clearly referring to Collins when he blamed  female senators from the northeast  for holding up Trumpcare. He said if she were a  guy from south Texas,  he might take her on,  Aaron Burr-style :Collins: Did you see the one who challenged me to a duel?Reed: I know. Trust me. Do you know why he challenged you to a duel?  Cause you could beat the shit out of him.Collins: Well, he s huge. And he   I don t mean to be unkind, but he s so unattractive it s unbelievable.Collins: Did you see the picture of him in his pajamas next to this Playboy bunny?Unfortunately, I must now show you the picture she s talking about:This is the photo Sen. Susan Collins was referring to when she commented on Rep. Blake Farenthold wearing pajamas in 2010. pic.twitter.com/jZYCPC4FYW  Beatrice-Elizabeth (@MissBeaE) July 25, 2017 Obviously that last bit caught someone s ear, because the mic was cut off.Seriously, though: It is adorable that, even in what she thought was a private conversation, and even though that slob had talked about literally shooting her, she still says  I don t mean to be unkind. The only thing left to make Collins a Democrat at this point is to say this stuff into a mic she knows is live.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
744, American Psychoanalytic Association Gives Members Permission To Diagnose Trump’s Mental Health,"Mental health professionals will now be allowed to openly diagnose Donald Trump.For the first time since 1973, a rule that prevents mental health professionals from publicly giving their expert opinion on the mental health of a public figure will no longer be enforced by the American Psychoanalytical Association.The rule was put in place after Barry Goldwater sued Fact Magazine for publishing a poll in which a majority of psychiatrists declared him mentally unfit to be president. Goldwater would go on to lose the presidential election of 1964.But ever since Trump declared his candidacy and began saying and doing insane things in public, many psychiatrists have openly defied the rule in order to inform Americans on his mental state.Fox News pundit Charles Krauthammer, who is also a board-certified psychiatrist, wrote a brutal diagnose of Trump s mental health last August. Trump s hypersensitivity and unedited, untempered Pavlovian responses are, shall we say, unusual in both ferocity and predictability. This is beyond narcissism. I used to think Trump was an 11-year-old, an undeveloped schoolyard bully. I was off by about 10 years. His needs are more primitive, an infantile hunger for approval and praise, a craving that can never be satisfied. He lives in a cocoon of solipsism where the world outside himself has value   indeed exists   only insofar as it sustains and inflates him. In addition, Dr. Drew Pinsky also expressed concerns about Trump s mental health. The question, though, is, are some of the reckless qualities that everyone is getting so disturbed about on the campaign going to be translated into office should he get elected? That s a pretty hard thing to predict. I don t know if this is just somebody playing politics, or is this somebody who really can t contain their impulses? When I hear people that are impulsive with their speech, I worry about hypomania and bipolar types of conditions. At the time, psychiatrists were warned to avoid diagnosing Trump without personally examining him first. But that has all changed.Six months into Trump s presidency, the American Psychoanalytical Association has given permission to their 3,500 members to do just that.And you can bet Trump s head is going to explode.Former APA president Dr. Prudence Gourguechon explained the decision to STAT News. We don t want to prohibit our members from using their knowledge responsibly since Trump s behavior is so different from anything we ve seen before,  Dr. Gouguechon said.Indeed, Americans need this knowledge now more than ever before as Trump continues to lash out at anyone who criticizes him and is even starting to throw members of his own administration under the bus. His emotions and behavior are so unpredictable that it is understandable that people would worry, especially considering that Trump has access to nuclear weapons.It s time for Americans and Congress to demand Trump undergo a mental health exam by a board-certified psychiatrist. Furthermore, it s time to invoke the 25th Amendment and declare Trump unfit to serve. This insanity has gone on long enough. America cannot continue to be led by an unstable narcissist. It s time to make America sane again.Featured image via Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
745, Top Republican Senator BLISTERS Trump For Demanding The DOJ Persecute Hillary Clinton,"It s official. Donald Trump is losing Republican support in Congress.As much as they want to believe that continuing to support Trump is in their best interests, Republicans are beginning to realize that they can no longer tolerate his unpresidential behavior.The tipping point was reached on Tuesday when Trump attacked Attorney General Jeff Sessions again on Twitter and demanded that he open an investigation against Hillary Clinton.Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign    quietly working to boost Clinton.  So where is the investigation A.G. @seanhannity  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails & DNC server) & Intel leakers!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017Apparently, Trump thinks that Hillary should be persecuted just because he is being investigated for colluding with Russia during the 2016 Election.Well, Trump s hissy fit did not impress Senator Lindsey Graham, who took to his own Twitter account to rip Trump a new one for his  inappropriate  meddling and obstruction.President Trump s tweet today suggesting Attorney General Sessions pursue prosecution of a former political rival is highly inappropriate. 4  Lindsey Graham (@LindseyGrahamSC) July 25, 2017Prosecutorial decisions should be based on applying facts to the law without hint of political motivation. 5  Lindsey Graham (@LindseyGrahamSC) July 25, 2017To do otherwise is to run away from the long-standing American tradition of separating the law from politics regardless of party. 6  Lindsey Graham (@LindseyGrahamSC) July 25, 2017The past support Trump has received from Republicans is clearly starting to wane. And Trump only has himself to blame because he lacks the ability to keep his mouth shut and exercise self-control. He is literally attacking his own Attorney General, a man who is supported by many Republicans in the Senate.Pennsylvania GOP Rep. Charlie Dent also expressed frustration over Trump s obsessive effort to derail the Russia investigation, telling Morning Joe that Trump s whining is  distracting  and makes it a lot harder for lawmakers to do their jobs.If Trump doesn t stop interfering with the Department of Justice, he will lose more Republican support. At some point, they will wake up and realize that he is hurting their party and America, and once that happens, impeachment will soon follow.Featured image via Shawn Thew-Pool/Getty Images",0
746, WATCH: Republican Lawmaker Has Finally Had Enough Of Trump’s Bullsh*t,"Donald Trump s continuing effort to derail the investigation of his Russia scandal is finally causing his support among Republicans in Congress to crack.For months, Trump has been interfering with the investigation by firing FBI Director James Comey, accusing investigators of conducting a  witch hunt,  threatening Attorney General Jeff Sessions, and whining about it Twitter.Meanwhile, Republicans in Congress have had to deal with all of this, and it has been one giant distraction that they are finally getting sick and tired of it.During an appearance on Morning Joe on Tuesday morning, GOP Rep. Charlie Dent informed the MSNBC hosts that he and many of his colleagues are exhausted by Trump s obsession with the investigation.I m very concerned about the continuing drama, chaos, instability, and dysfunction coming out of the White House,  Dent said.  I have come to expect a certain amount of dysfunction in government, but they ve taken the fun out of dysfunction. This is really tough,  Dent continued.  This is not easy for any of us. Talking about, the FBI director gets fired, now trying to push the attorney general out  And there was discussion last week about pushing out or firing Mueller. I mean, you can t fire the FBI. The investigations are going to continue. I just don t   I don t understand why all this interference. It s not helpful, and it s very distracting. We have a lot of work to do on Capitol Hill, but we deal with this daily drama, and it doesn t make your job easier. Here s the video via VidMe.If Donald Trump keeps it up, he s going to wake up one day and discover that he has no more support from Republicans in Congress. Clearly, Trump s antics are starting to take a toll on them. Usually, presidents do not try to interfere with the wheels of justice. But Trump has been doing that from day one and his obsession is only getting worse. At some point, Republicans are going to decide that ousting Trump would be better than continuing to defend his bullshit. Dent being fed up is just the beginning.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
747, Trump Has Total UNHINGED Scatter-Brained Mental Meltdown For The Entire World To See,"Donald Trump is desperate to distract everyone from keeping up with his Russia scandal.In yet another early morning Twitter rant, Trump blew several fuses and made it clear that he must not be allowed to continue being president any longer.First, Trump attacked Jeff Sessions and demanded he persecute Hillary Clinton.Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign    quietly working to boost Clinton.  So where is the investigation A.G. @seanhannity  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails & DNC server) & Intel leakers!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017Then he attacked the acting head of the FBI.Problem is that the acting head of the FBI & the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017Trump then attacked Republicans and demanded they pass his terrible Trumpcare bill, and went on to compare Obamacare to torture.Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal & Replace! I have pen in hand.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017Trump even delusionally claimed that Jared Kushner proved that there was no collusion with Russia.Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017Except that he offered no proof whatsoever and his testimony, which was not under oath, has been torn apart.Trump also threatened the European Union for protecting their own workforce.Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big & exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017And then he returned to ranting about healthcare with one final tweet.This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017Donald Trump is not fit to serve as president. The 25th Amendment needs to be invoked or Congress needs to impeach him. He should be in prison or a mental institution, not in the White House with access to nuclear weapons.Featured image via Steve Pope/Getty Images",0
748, Trump Gets Wrecked After Confirming Secret CIA Program On Twitter (TWEETS),"Trump continued his attacks on the FAKE NEWS media on Monday night, leveling yet another attack on the  Amazon Washington Post  over a story they published regarding one of the many things The Donald did to support Russia   and in doing so, he appears to have confirmed the existence of a secret CIA program.The story in question claimed that Trump had ended a secret CIA program to train Syrian rebels to fight against dictator Bashar al-Assad. According to the Post, Vladimir Putin had long wanted to see the program shut down, and doing so  reflects Trump s interest in finding ways to work with Russia, which saw the anti-Assad program as an assault on its interests. The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad,  Trump tweeted.The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017Trump, of course, didn t dispute the existence of the program   just some of the  facts  surrounding his decision to end it. Then it was right back to attacking the FAKE NEWS, apparently unaware that he had just revealed classified information:So many stories about me in the @washingtonpost are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged @CNN. Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017So what got him on the topic? Politico reporter Hadas Gold notes that Fox News  Sean Hannity was discussing the secret program on his show Monday night:.@TuckerCarlson was discussing this Post story (from july 19) tonight on his program https://t.co/Z4ZEOXmwI4 https://t.co/8b56qNk1E5  Hadas Gold (@Hadas_Gold) July 25, 2017Naturally, Americans are a little bit concerned that our alleged President is on Twitter blabbing our national secrets again:Isn t he tweeting about a classified program?  Kelly Pranghofer (@kellypranghofer) July 25, 2017You misspelled  directly supported Bashar al Assad because Russia supports him .  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) July 25, 2017Screw bone spurs! Trump ignorantly declassified a covert operation via Twitter. He s unfit to serve!  April (@speakout_april) July 25, 2017Seriously, fuck off. You managed to make the freakin  Boy Scouts look like fascists today. Just shut up. Please.  MichaelMarshallSmith (@ememess) July 25, 2017Trump s rant about WaPo story on US aid to Syria sounds like Putin s words.  Key (@GoodMenDidZilch) July 25, 2017POTUS Trump just discussed a covert CIA operation and threatened major US corporation due to CEO owning a newspaper he dislikes. pic.twitter.com/3vF4pu2mgB  David Rothschild (@DavMicRot) July 25, 2017It s  Disclose Secret CIA Operations and endanger valuable hard to find Syrian assets Week  Donovan Rozier (@Gaberino4) July 25, 2017God, are you really stupid enough to reveal a (formerly) covert operation on Twitter? My cat is literally smarter than you. Buffoon.  Carter Gaddis (@DadScribe) July 25, 2017leaking classified info who s the leaker now? You re a traitor giving away state secrets. #impeachtrump #25thAmendmentNOW  J F (@carpjen) July 25, 2017What putie wants, putie gets, right?  HippieChick (@MKlave) July 25, 2017Just to be clear about what happened: Donald Trump doesn t like a media outlet so he confirmed the existence of a classified CIA program Vladimir Putin wanted gone.This is not normal.Featured image via Getty Images/screengrab",0
749, Obama Photographer BRILLIANTLY Trolls Trump’s Wildly Inappropriate Speech To The Boy Scouts (IMAGE),"On Monday night, Donald Trump traveled to West Virginia to give a speech to a bunch of Boy Scouts   you know, children. In that speech, instead of inspiring them and being a role model, Trump chose to swear, re-litigate his Electoral College victory, talk about cocktail parties, and rant about political issues. Of course, this is a stunningly inappropriate speech for any adult to give to little kids, much less for someone in Trump s position to do it.There have been many responses to this insanity, but perhaps the best one came from Pete Souza, the enthusiastic photographer in the Obama White House. Souza s Instagram account has become a goldmine of images trolling Trump s most outrageous moments, and this one was no different. Souza posted the following photo during Trump s speech of President Obama greeting a young Boy Scout in the Oval Office:.@PeteSouza on Instagram responds to Trump's Boy Scouts speech pic.twitter.com/GtzQgsrSV4  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) July 25, 2017Of course, it also bears pointing out that President Obama was in the Indonesian equivalent of the Boy Scouts, while obviously Trump was never any kind of scout. Plus, when it comes to character, Obama exudes what the Scouts strive to be, while Trump is everything they don t want anyone to be.The striking part of all of this, though, is to show just how low we have gone as a country to have this orange fascist and his goons running it. Trump is racist, misogynistic, xenophobic, vindictive, a bully, and a con man. On the other side of that, President Obama was easily one of the most extraordinary human beings to ever hold that office. He is, as a person, the very definition of class and dignity.Oh, America, what have we done? How did we elect a man who is the best role model we could ask for when it comes to having behavior in the Oval Office we want future generations to emulate, to having a fraudulent vulgarian in there who exhibits behavior even toddlers know better to engage in?We can only speculate, but thank goodness for Pete Souza s Instagram account to help us remember what it was like to have a real president.Featured image via Official White House Photo by Pete Souza",0
750, WAPO: Trump Planning To Go Around Senate To Replace Sessions With A Loyal Stooge,"Donald Trump is very busy right now trying to get rid of his Attorney General, one Jeff Sessions. This is pretty extraordinary, since Sessions endorsed Trump while the rest of the elected Republican establishment was still treating Trump s candidacy with a mix of comedy and horror. Now, however, times have changed. Trump wants Sessions gone, due his firm (and possibly true) belief that Sessions  decision to recuse himself from the Russia investigation led to the appointment of Special Counsel Robert Mueller.As Mueller digs further into Trump World   including into Trump s finances, which Trump himself has said is some kind of red line   Trump is looking for a way to rid himself of the threat of what Mueller might find. With Sessions recused, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein is the one who would have the authority to fire Robert Mueller. Rosenstein has gone on the record under oath as saying that he will do no such thing without just cause. The solution to all of this for Trump? Get rid of Sessions and Rosenstein, and appoint an Attorney General who will be a staunch and unwavering Trump loyalist.It has been speculated that Trump is considering that former New York Mayor and fervent Trump supporter Rudy Giuliani might be just the man to do this. However, there is just one problem with that: Giuliani likely wouldn t pass the Senate confirmation process in this climate. In order to appear non-partisan, even Senate Republicans would insist on a nominee who is not an obvious Trump stalwart. Plus, Rudy Giuliani already admitted on the air that he literally tried to help Trump find a way to ban Muslims from the nation without doing so explicitly so as to pass Constitutional muster. Then there was the time during the campaign when Giuliani seemed to know what would be in a batch of hacked anti-Hillary Clinton emails that were leaked shortly after his statements. So, yeah, big confirmation problems there.So, what s Trump to do? Well, that s easy. Go around the Senate completely and install any Attorney General he wants, by appointing someone during the recess that the Senate always takes in late summer. Problem solved. According to the Washington Post, Team Trump is considering doing just that, when it comes to weighing options to get a pro-Trump Attorney General. From WaPo:Another scenario is that Trump could make a recess appointment, said University of Texas School of Law professor Steve Vladeck. Under that plan, Trump could choose an attorney general during the August recess who would serve until the end of the next Senate session, which could be early January. That person would have the same authority as someone who is confirmed by the Senate, Vladeck said.Now obviously such a move would be nothing short of the height of corruption, and politically explosive for Congressional Republicans, especially if they don t warn him against doing this. We all know that Trump and the people in the White House don t care how something like that looks. They want Robert Mueller and his Russia investigation gone at all costs, and if it means looking guilty as hell to do it, so be it. Anyone who has paid attention knows that Rudy Giuliani would have absolutely no issue following a Trump order to fire Robert Mueller. He d relish the task, in fact, because that would put him in the highest regard in Trump World   perhaps permanently.Republicans, if this shit goes down like this, it s on your heads. It would literally spin us into a full-fledged Constitutional crisis. If Trump moves to fire Mueller, you need to impeach him. Period.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
751, BREAKING: Desperate GOP Senators Drag John McCain Back To Washington For Trumpcare Vote,"By now, we all know that upon having emergency surgery to remove a blood clot from above his left eye last week, it was discovered that Senator John McCain (R-AZ) has been diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer. Of course, Senator McCain is a giant in the Senate and around the world who wields massive amounts of influence   and for very good reason. Few in Washington right now have served more valiantly than he has. This is true regardless of whether one agrees with the man s politics. Therefore, he deserves our well wishes, and he and his family should be left in peace to deal with his illness in peace and privacy. This is not true, though, when it comes to the vultures in the Senate GOP Conference.Instead of leaving Senator McCain and his family alone, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, with such a slim majority in the Senate, has decided to drag the ailing Arizona Senator back to Washington just days after his devastating diagnosis and surgery. McConnell needs John McCain s vote on his disastrous healthcare legislation. Without McCain, McConnell could only lose one vote before the whole thing goes down in flames again for the umpteenth time, dealing yet another blow to the Republican Party and to the Trump Administration.Of course, since John McCain is such a fighter and a great American public servant, he has released a cordial statement saying that he will be looking forward to returning to work, even though it is obvious that the Senate is the last place he should be at such a critical time for his health. McCain s office released the following statement regarding the matter after getting medical clearance to go help McConnell out: Senator McCain looks forward to returning to the United States Senate tomorrow to continue working on important legislation, including health care reform, the National Defense Authorization Act, and new sanctions on Russia, Iran and North Korea. The Senator himself tweeted:Look forward to returning to Senate tomorrow to continue work on health care reform, defense bill & #RussiaSanctions https://t.co/VQBtovnwF1  John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) July 25, 2017Of course, this is being spun as John McCain s own choice, made without pressure by those in the ranks of elected Republicans. However, considering the fact that there is enormous pressure for them to pass something   anything   on healthcare after campaigning for seven years to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, it s hard to believe that all the media attention to McCain s precious vote and the political risk of failure to McConnell didn t play a role here. Further, you can bet your bottom dollar McConnell himself probably told McCain to get his ass back to Washington come hell or high water in time for this vote.This is a new low, even for that vulturous turtle Mitch McConnell. He needs to leave John McCain and his family be. It also says a hell of a lot about the level of desperation he and his GOP Senate colleagues are feeling that they would pull a stunt like this in order to take healthcare from millions while giving massive tax cuts to the wealthiest Americans.John McCain is a better human than I, because if it were me, I d have told Mitch McConnell to go f*ck himself, and announced my retirement all in the same breath.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
752," Breaking: Secretary Of State Debates Abandoning Trump, Fleeing Sinking Ship","Donald Trump s horrible decisions and disgusting behavior may soon cost him another key member in his administration. It has only been a few days since former White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer resigned from his role after a disagreement with Trump. Now, Trump might lose his Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson.According to two sources close to Tillerson, the Secretary of State is getting fed up with Trump and his incompetent administration. So much so, that he might actually leave Trump before the disgraceful POTUS can complete his first year in the White House.CNN reported that these sources said there soon could be a  Rexit  thanks to Trump s unprofessional comments about Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Last week, Trump had said he regretted hiring Sessions because the Attorney General recused himself from overseeing the Russia investigation. Then on Monday, Trump attacked Sessions AGAIN on Twitter, stating that he was beleaguered  and asked why Sessions wasn t investigating Hillary Clinton.It seems as though Tillerson has had enough of Trump s vile behavior   and that s not all. This is on top of the fact that Tillerson was just exposed for violating U.S. sanctions against Russia when he was the CEO of Exxon Mobil. The Secretary of State may have had all the drama he can handle and is ready to step out and abandon Trump during his time of need.Tillerson has had issues with Trump and his administration long before these details came to light, though. Over the last few months, Tillerson has butted heads with Trump s son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, and there were even reports that Trump might get rid of Tillerson because of it. And last month, Tillerson apparently had a meltdown during a meeting in White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus s office.Like many others, Tillerson is finally realizing that a position in Trump s failing administration isn t what he thought it would be. People are leaving Trump left and right, and the lonely POTUS only has himself to blame for it. Tillerson may have just reached his wit s end with Trump, and if he jumps ship Trump will be in big trouble.Featured image via screenshot",0
753," Donald Trump Whines, Swears And Talks Cocktail Parties — In A Speech To Children","It s tough sometimes to imagine that Donald Trump has five children since it s clear from Monday s speech in front of 40,000 Boy Scouts and other attendees at the Boy Scouts Jamboree in West Virginia that he has absolutely no idea what kind of talk is appropriate for children.While most adults would take this opportunity to offer some pearls of adult wisdom or cheerlead the Boy Scouts toward their futures, Trump chose to deliver a tirade of Trumpisms.Like almost any time Trump has tried to string together more than a couple of words at a time, most of his speech was an inarticulate mess which consisted of his trademark whining, a wee bit of swearing and a pointless anecdote about a burned out rich guy at a cocktail party.In a string of what we might want to call Trump s greatest hits, toward the very beginning of his speech, he insulted President Obama and said he didn t want to talk about politics.  Who the hell wants to talk about politics when I m in front of the Boy Scouts?  Trump asked, but the answer, apparently, was Donald Trump. He talked about a lot of politics.Trump, to kids at Scout jamboree:  Who the hell wants to speak about politics when I m in front of the Boy Scouts?  https://t.co/Rz5Tko7WW8  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) July 24, 2017 By the way, just a question: Did President Obama ever come to a jamboree?  he asked as the crowd of scouts, scoutmasters, and various other adults gathered in West Virginia yelled the word  no. The answer is no,  Trump continued.  But we ll be back.  (Obama did address a 100th anniversary scouting event in 2010 by video.)Source: USA TodayPresident Obama did not attend in person out of protest for the Boy Scouts  policy of not admitting gay scouts. That policy has since changed.Trump talked about killing Obamacare and said he was going to fire Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price if that didn t happen:At Boy Scouts Jamboree, Trump jokes about firing his HHS secretary if he doesn t get the votes for health care bill https://t.co/QUhf3TAZji  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) July 24, 2017He also regaled the audience of people who are mostly too young to drink with a story of a friend of his at a cocktail party.Trump tells kids at Boy Scout Jamboree about his friend who got tired of yachting, lost his $$ & a NY cocktail party https://t.co/VbNRcRVpgB  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) July 24, 2017He also whined about loyalty, or his perceived lack of it:Naturally, Trump complained about the  fake media.  He said me might re-name Washington, D.C. a  cesspool,  instead of a  swamp. After hearing that speech, or the snippets, it was obvious that Trump had no idea he wasn t at one of his campaign rallies. If this is an example of how he speaks to children, it explains a lot about his children.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
754," Buy American? Even Trump’s MAGA Gear Is Sold Via Canada, Not America","When Donald Trump kicked off  Made in America Week  a few days ago, a good majority of Americans pretty much rolled their eyes in disbelief. It s common knowledge that Trump and his daughter Ivanka manufacture a good portion of their products overseas and even use foreign workers   but when has blatant hypocrisy ever stopped Trump from doing something?!During the week s patriotic theme, Trump decided to get in a fire truck and say, I want to make a pledge to each and every one of you: No longer are we going to allow other countries to break the rules, steal our jobs, and drain our wealth.  It didn t take long for someone to ridicule Trump for not abiding by his own rules. Democratic National Committee spokesperson Daniel Wessel called Trump out: Trump is putting his own interests and profits ahead of those of American businesses and workers. Instead of lecturing us, Trump should try setting an example. Wessel was absolutely right. Most people are aware that Trump almost never sticks to his word or takes his own advice in the public eye. What goes on behind the scenes is far, far worse. Trump s clothing line alone is manufactured in China, Bangladesh, Honduras, Vietnam, and India. The Trump Home collection has furniture made in China, Turkey, and Germany. Ivanka s brand is made in several others. According to The Daily Dot, not even Trump s official products can claim that they re sold using only American resources!Trump s official online store states that his products are 100% proudly made in the U.S.  However, what The Daily Dot discovered is that these products are actually sold using Canadian e-commerce company Shopify, which was founded by two Germans. Once again, Trump has been caught deceiving his gullible fan base. Unfortunately, none of Trump s fans will probably believe that their beloved  Make America Great Again  hat was made possible only because of a company in Canada.Featured image via Ralph Freso / Getty Images",0
755, Trump Just Made A Hugely Inappropriate Threat Over Trumpcare While Speaking To Boy Scouts (VIDEO),"With the Trumpcare vote coming up tomorrow, The Donald is out stumping for support for the bill, and being really inappropriate about it. He actually asked Navy personnel to call their Congresspeople about healthcare, and now he s threatening his own Health and Human Services secretary, Tom Price, in front of Boy Scouts.Yes, that s right, while speaking at the Boy Scout Jamboree in Virginia today, Trump decided it was not only appropriate to get political and do nonsense like demand more loyalty, but he also pointed directly to Price at one point and said,  By the way, you re going to get the votes? He better get  em. He better get  em,  in reference to getting the necessary votes to move the disastrous Trumpcare bill to the Senate floor for debate.He also said,  He better get Senator Capito to vote for it.  Senator Shelley Moore Capito is one of Virginia s two Senators, and one of the three who said they would not vote to move Trumpcare forward for a full debate.But that wasn t all Trump said. This is where things got really inappropriate. Trump thought he d play reality television star once again after telling Price that he d better be getting the necessary votes for tomorrow. He made it clear, in front of children, that there will be hell for Price to pay, if he doesn t.Watch below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
756, WTF: Pentagon Sold Over $1 MILLION Worth Of Military Weapons To Fake Cops,"Surely, when the Department of Defense hands out military grade weapons, they do thorough checks to verify just who they are giving these things to, right? As it turns out, not so much. The Government Accountability Office, which oversees other government agencies to check for fraud and abuse, decided to see just how careful the DoD was when it came to handing out spare military gear to law enforcement agencies. The result of their sting operation was shocking.The GOA created a fake law enforcement agency with a nifty website and an address that was nothing but an empty parking lot. Then, they applied for the military grade weapons through the 1033 program, which allows law enforcement agencies to obtain military gear that isn t being used.The DoD fell for the ruse hook, line, and sinker. Within a week, the fake cops were given $1.2 million worth of military-grade gear, including night vision goggles, simulated M-16A2 rifles, and pipe bomb equipment. They never did any verification, like visit our  location,  and most of it was by email,  said Zina Merritt, director of the GAO s defense capabilities and management team, which ran the operation.  It was like getting stuff off of eBay. Following the shooting death of Michael Brown in 2014, protests broke out in the city of Ferguson. Americans were shocked to see police respond with gear that is normally only seen in the hands of the armed forces. Obama responded to the public outcry by rolling back the Clinton-era 1033 program through an executive order, putting strict oversight in place through a Defense Department and Justice Department working group. However, the group has not met since Trump took office, which is why the GAO decided to launch its sting operation.The DoD didn t have a comment and this colossal screw-up, but they did promise to beef up their verification process. They promised to at least try to visit the agencies who apply for these weapons to make sure they actually exist before shipping them a load of M-16s. The DoD also agreed to complete an internal fraud investigation by April 2018.Featured image via video screen capture",0
757, Trump’s Pick For Head Of DOJ Criminal Division Represented Russian Banks With Putin Ties,"Tuesday, Trump s nominee to lead the DOJ s criminal division goes before the Senate Judiciary for confirmation. He will likely face questions about his time representing Alfa Bank, a major Russian financial institution headed up by owners with ties with Vladimir Putin and the Kremlin. Brian Benczkowski told Congress less than a week ago about his ties to the bank, in advance of his testimony, as reported by the New York Times.Apparently Benczkowski was previously  unable  to disclose his former employer because of a confidentiality agreement he d signed. He has since gotten a waiver to do so. Questions from the senators should likely include whether or not Benczkowski intended to tell them about his Russian contacts in the absence of such a waiver. Anticipating this line of questioning, the letter he sent Congress on July 19 indicated that he would now be able to discuss the fact and scope of the representation at the hearing. In part:Your staff has indicated that the committee may wish to question me at my hearing regarding the fact and scope of my work for Alfa Bank. As I am sure you understand, ethical considerations prohibit me from disclosing confidential legal advice or any other information protected by the attorney-client privilege under any circumstances.Owners representing about 75% interest in the bank, Mikhail Fridman, Petr Aven and German Khan, sued BuzzFeed News in May over a dossier they published tying the bank to Putin, Trump, and the 2016 election. Although that suit is ongoing, a spokesman for BuzzFeed called it a  shameless attempt to bully and intimidate  the news outlet. He cited the fact that  the allegations contained in the dossier were presented to successive presidents and remain under active investigation by intelligence agencies and Congress,  and the reports are still published.Hopefully, the committee takes into account the peripherals of Benczkowski s contacts, rather than the simple fact of his employment. The fact that Trump   who undoubtedly already knows everything the committee may find in their hearing and more   still tapped someone with extensive ties to Russia despite the ongoing investigation speaks volumes about his brazen attitude toward both Congress and the country itself.Featured image via Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images",0
758, This Congressman Just Took A Stand Against Trump’s Corruption And Trump Will HATE It,"Donald Trump s conflicts of interest are finally starting to create some major problems for the undeserving POTUS.When Trump was elected, most Americans were up in arms over the fact that Trump has so many messy, shady business ties and would clearly be trying to exploit his position in the White House for his own personal gain. Judging from what we ve seen from Trump and his corrupt family in these short six months of his presidency, we had every right to be worried   Trump has been trying to profit off of his new role from the second he stepped into the White House.Fortunately, members of Congress are standing up to this unethical behavior. On Monday, a Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives proposed legislation that would prevent the government from renting rooms at any of Trump s hotels for official business matters. In a statement that pretty much reflects exactly how most Americans feel about this, Representative Don Beyer of Virginia said: Donald Trump should not be allowed to line his or his family s pockets with taxpayer dollars. Exactly! Rep. Beyer also stated that these amendments to a spending bill were critical due to Trump s unprecedented failure to divest from his business, and the ongoing entanglement between the Trump Organization and the White House.  This is following a similar motion that happened last month, when the attorneys general of Maryland and the District of Columbia filed a lawsuit that stated it was a constitutional violation to make government payments to Trump s businesses.The White House has yet to comment on this, but we can all be certain that Trump is going to have a colossal meltdown over it. Every time someone calls out his unethical actions   even if they re 100 percent true   Trump acts like a toddler and has a meltdown. Whether he likes it or not, Trump should NOT be profiting from his presidency when he is supposed to be serving the American people, and his personal interests must be blocked.Featured image via Alex Wong  / Getty Images",0
759, Congressional Black Caucus: Jeff Sessions Has Got To GO,"The Congressional Black Caucus is a very influential voice in the House of Representatives. Most Republicans are hesitant to criticize them as a group, since they already have enough problems with public perception regarding their attitudes on issues of race. Therefore, it s a pretty powerful thing when the Congressional Black Caucus comes out with a major position, which they did on Monday.This group of lawmakers has banded together to take a very controversial stand, which is to call for the resignation of the racist Keebler elf who likes to call himself America s Attorney General, Jeff Sessions. They said in a statement: Attorney General Sessions is unfit to serve as the top law enforcement official in the nation and should resign from the position immediately. As the old saying goes,  fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.  Attorney General Sessions is treating Congress and the American people like fools. The Caucus voted on whether or not to publicly call for Sessions to step down even before the Washington Post revealed on Friday that, once again, Sessions had not been truthful under oath. The Post story alleges that United States intelligence listened in on phone calls held by Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, in which he explicitly said that he had conversations about the 2016 presidential campaign with Sessions, whom he met with repeatedly. Sessions has forcefully denied this while under oath.The Congressional Black Caucus went on to say of those revelations: Every day the Department of Justice prosecutes people for lying under oath, yet the man who leads the department has lied under oath on more than one occasion. Exactly. Forget resignation   Jeff Sessions needs to be prosecuted. If any of us did what he has done, we d be in prison for years. This man definitely should not be any kind of law enforcement officer, much less the top one. He is a disgrace to the Constitution and to the Department of Justice. Hopefully, the Congressional Black Caucus s influence moves others to respond to Sessions  grave transgressions and lawbreaking in kind.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
760, Germany’s President Joins Chancellor Merkel In Sharp Criticism Of ‘Irritating’ Trump,"Unlike the United States, Germany has both a President and a Chancellor. The President is nothing more than a figurehead, of course; it is Chancellor Angela Merkel actually runs the nation. At any rate, Germany s current President, Frank-Walter Steinmeier, has come out on television to tell everyone just how he feels about Donald Trump.Speaking to a German television host, President Steinmeier says that he is  irritated  by Trump. Of course, since Germany is a staunch ally of the United States, he was careful in his wording and quick to recognize the relationship between the two nations, especially during the crucial rebuilding of Europe in the post World War II era. Steinmerier says: Our economic development would not have happened without the Marshall Plan. In this respect, I advise us not to throw everything overboard, even though I admit that I am irritated about a lot of things. He went on to essentially say he knows that most Americans are just as horrified by Trump as he is: Not all of America has forgotten the transatlantic relationship, and therefore I believe that within American politics, there will be corrections made to what we are now seeing. Of course, this is how you rebuke someone without even mentioning their name. Further, these remarks should come as no surprise, since Trump and German Chanecellor Angela Merkel have long had a frosty relationship. Like decent people everywhere, she was appalled by Trump s campaign trail behavior, and things have only gotten worse since Trump took office. When Merkel visited the White House, Trump actually gave her a bill for NATO, apparently in an attempt to keep his promise that he d make our allies pay up before offering  our protection. He also had the audacity to joke about Merkel being wiretapped. And then of course, there was the fact that Trump was way out of his league at the G 20, the G 7 and NATO Summits.All in all, the world cannot wait to be rid of Trump. It s okay   neither can we.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
761, ICE Agent Spills: We’re Targeting Children For Detention ‘Because We Can’,"Trumpers are rejoicing over the escalating activities of Immigration and Customs Enforcement because of their wholly misguided belief that undocumented immigrants do nothing but sit here, in the U.S., illegally soaking up every dollar that should go to actual Americans. That mentality has spawned five squillion allegations about the behavior of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, which has gotten increasingly brazen, and even abusive, since Trump s election.One ICE agent has apparently had enough, and he s speaking out. Jonathan Blitzer, a contributing writer to The New Yorker, got in touch with this agent (who would only allow these details to be published under condition of anonymity) who finds himself increasingly alarmed by the culture shift at the agency.He s particularly angry about ICE s specific targeting of children who entered the country as unaccompanied minors years ago. Those children were placed with families and allowed to attend school here, hopefully so they could make themselves into contributing members of society. He told Blitzer something shocking: That they re going after these children literally because they can, even though there s no real policy for what to do with them after they re rounded up. The plan is to take them back into custody, and then figure it out. I don t understand it. We re doing it because we can, and it bothers the hell out of me.The whole idea is targeting kids. I know that technically they meet the legal definition of being adults. Fine. But if they were my kids travelling in a foreign country, I wouldn t be O.K. with this. We re not doing what we tell people we do. If you look [at] next month, or at the end of this month, at the people in custody, it s people who ve been here for years. They re supposed to be in high school. This isn t some rookie who s only been with the agency for a few months or a year, and probably hasn t fully assimilated into the culture and become a cold-hearted, contemptuous, power-drunk officer. This is veteran officer who has been in federal immigration enforcement since the Clinton administration.He talks about what things were like before Trump: ICE used to look at the full circumstances of a deportation case before making decisions. He feels that the job of the agency is not to judge the people they re detaining, and yet, many ICE agents are doing just that now, and that s part of the problem. Their contempt is growing by leaps and bounds and it s affecting how the agency runs as a whole (which Trump fans no doubt love).While this particular agent was heavily critical of Obama and what he saw as micromanaging from Obama s administration, there s so much now that s gone that it s really no wonder individual agents seem hungry to arrest and remove as many people as possible   even if those people are children. It sounds like they re becoming single-minded about it.And this agent is also upset about the use of resources. Our immigration system is already badly clogged, and has been for a long time. ICE is pretty much intentionally making that worse. We still have to make decisions based on a responsible use of the government s resources you can t lock everybody up, We re putting more people into that overburdened system just because we can. There s just this school of thought that, well, we can do what we want. This is Trump s America. This is what the Trumpers want   they want  the other  gone and they don t care how it happens or who that  other  is, let alone what it s going to cost us. The fact that ICE is targeting children who were specifically placed with families here, and who should be attending high school now, is just flat-out vile. This is not America.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",0
762," WATCH: According To Trump, ‘Obama’care Is Somehow 17 Years Old (TWEETS)","According to Donald Trump, Obamacare has  wreaked havoc  for even longer than even the dumbest among conservatives thought.Speaking about healthcare   a topic he often confuses with life insurance   the Donald stood in front of a bunch of human props and complained:For the past 17 years, Obamacare has wreaked havoc on the lives on innocent, hard-working Americans No, seriously. He actually said that   and Mike Pence looks like he just ate a fart after hearing it:Trump thinks Obamacare is 17 years old. In other words: Old enough to date. pic.twitter.com/qnRWfq04nz  Mrs. Betty Bowers (@BettyBowers) July 24, 2017Not to worry, though. MSNBC was quick to fact check this claim that the Affordable Care Act, nicknamed  Obamacare  by detractors when it was passed under President Obama, became law under President Bill Clinton.Trump started his speech by saying Obamacare s been wreaking havoc  for the past 17 years  so that s cool. pic.twitter.com/TeYtZIqdbP  shauna (@goldengateblond) July 24, 2017Why did this need to be fact checked? Because our  so-called President  really is the dumbest motherf*cker alive.Naturally, Trump blew up Twitter with this new information that President Clinton signed  Obamcare  into law before the first debate on the issue happened:President Trump, speaking loudly over crying kids, says Obamacare has hurt the country for 17 years. pic.twitter.com/zY3meBisvp  Andrew Beatty (@AndrewBeatty) July 24, 2017""For the past 17 years "" The Obamacare wars certainly seem like they've gone on that long.  David M. Drucker (@DavidMDrucker) July 24, 2017The folks behind him look like hostages, says Obamacare has been in effect 17 years.He even SPEAKS in typo.pic.twitter.com/H7612ZqOc9 https://t.co/VWw5CRuOzs  Steve Marmel (@Marmel) July 24, 201717 years? Man, Obama is more powerful than we even thought  passing ACA before ever taking office ????  C. Conniff (@CConniff85) July 24, 2017Face Palm So HARD. 17 years?17 years. SEVENTEEN YEARS. You are Forrest MF in Gump. ""I am not a smart man."" #TrumpLies #TrumpRussia pic.twitter.com/5ui4UWSDM3  View from my Office (@viewfrommyoffic) July 24, 2017""For the past 17 years, Obamacare has wreaked havoc""ok, it all makes sense now: Trump thinks Obamacare was the Y2K bug pic.twitter.com/LRU6POtGV9  Adam Freelander (@adamplease) July 24, 201717 years? Is he still looking for his limo?  Moosenlamb! (@t_pletch) July 24, 2017I think he may not actually know that 2010 wasn't 17 years ago. #Trumpcare #Obamacare https://t.co/RGkFeGg1Pc  Ian West ?? (@Ian_West1) July 24, 2017Well in his defense I mean if Frederick Douglass cans still be alive then I guess #Obamacare can be causing havoc for 17 years lol.  Josh (@Venti_Poet) July 24, 2017Trump:"" for the last 17years Obamacare ""The Whole Nation at Once: pic.twitter.com/R0c6ntC482  Nathan Harris (@NathanIHarris) July 24, 2017Lmao 17 years tho? My man Obama is time traveling and setting up healthcare in the past for us y'all he's the best! https://t.co/Z9gSZhPY0d  Young Roy Mustang  (@StrizzySF) July 24, 2017If Dear Leader says 17 years, then 17 years it is. https://t.co/JjDlEJEvSO  Sim s  eu ???? (@bogdwell) July 24, 2017Obama wasn't even a Senator 17 years ago. The spiral downward for DJT just keeps going on and on and on  Mark Walters (@MhWalt3067) July 24, 2017OK Trumpsters here is your leader. He can't even add, 17 years ago today was 7/24/00 & Bill Clinton was office. Shit blame @HillaryClinton pic.twitter.com/RJzTirXaDV  Steve McGarrett (@mcgarrett_5O) July 24, 201717 years!!! WTH is Agent Covfefe babbling about?  Christina Marie (@Christina_6381) July 24, 2017Wait, did the moron really say we've had the ACA for 17 years? Come on 25th amendment, he's clearly lost it. #resist  Alan Griffin (@Gryphonskull) July 24, 2017At this point, it s fair to ask: Is there anything he won t blame on the Clintons?To be fair, he later says that  seven years ago, a small group of politicians engineered a government takeover of healthcare  years after he says Obamacare became law.Can we please have some 25th Amendment action? Pretty please?Featured image via screengrab",0
763, Male Republican Blames ‘Female Senators’ For GOP Failure To Pass Health Law,"A Texas Republican congressman blamed female Republicans for the GOP s cruel  health care  bill, which would be more aptly named  death care.  Rep. Blake Farenthold (R-TX) suggested that if they were men, he would challenge them to a gunfight.To make matters worse, he singled out the female Republicans saying that it s absolutely repugnant  that the GOP-led Senate hasn t had the ability to repeal the health care law even though they ve had seven years to come up with a viable alternative.Farenthold called out the  female senators from the Northeast  in reference to Maine Sen. Susan Collins, Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska (someone should point him to a map).On Friday, during a radio interview on a Corpus Christi station last Friday, Farenthold said he finds it  absolutely repugnant  that  the Senate does not have the courage to do some of the things that every Republican in the Senate promised to do. Some of the people that are opposed to this [repealing Obamacare] there are some female senators from the northeast,  Farenthold said.  If it was a guy from south Texas I might ask them to step outside and settle this Aaron Burr-style. In 1804, Aaron Burr famously shot and killed his political adversary, Alexander Hamilton, in a New Jersey duel.Here s the audio:Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell tried to push through an Obamacare repeal bill without a replacement, thus making the markets chaotic while leaving millions uninsured. After a few months, the three Republican women announced that they could not support repealing Obamacare. Sen. Collins called the Obamacare repeal bill  unacceptable  because it would leave millions of Americans without insurance. I have deep concerns and am opposed to the Senate bill,   she said, then added that the bill would  make sweeping changes to the Medicaid program,  and  would take out of the Medicaid program more than $700 billion dollars. You don t take a safety net program that has been operating for more than 50 years and change it in fundamental ways without having a single hearing to evaluate its impact,  she said.Rep. Blake Farenthold really shouldn t challenge her to any kind of a fight. We re pretty sure he would lose.Image via Twitter. ",0
764, Ivanka Trump Made Up Fake News About Albert Einstein And The Internet Will Never Let Her Live It Down (TWEETS),"This should have been a red flag.As we all know, Donald Trump is waging a war on facts and the truth. The lies from him and his administration just continue to pile up every day. Trump s war on science and good journalism are the most prominent example of Trump overall war against facts.Trump claims climate change does not exist and has done everything he can to turn government department such as the Environmental Protection Agency into anti-science institutions.And Ivanka Trump endorsed all of this back in 2013 by misquoting Albert Einstein. If the facts don t fit the theory, change the facts.    Albert Einstein #quote #sunday  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) June 23, 2013The problem is that Albert Einstein, who would be horrified by Trump s  alternative facts  agenda, did NOT say it.And Twitter users mocked Ivanka so bad that she may never show her face in public again.Ivanka! You should be ashamed! Is this shit what you teach your kids? Einstein did NOT say that!!! STOP LYING. All Trump s just lie!!!!  Christine Shaffer (@Christi63821088) July 23, 2017#Ivanka misquoting #Einstein: she really is that ignorant or she s deliberately undermining empirical science in favor of profitable chaos.  Jesper Weigner (@jespernweigner) July 23, 2017 If real Einstein quotes don t say what you want, use a fake one.    Ivanka Trump #FakeQuotes  DBraden (@MecCoffee) July 23, 2017Behold! It s the 2013 birthplace of #alternativefacts!  LiberalFish (@akemor) July 23, 2017The fact that Einstein never said any such thing only makes this tweet that much more perfect. https://t.co/ZCjViO1CpS  Colin Dickey (@colindickey) July 23, 2017Even Albert Einstein s estate took to Twitter to confirm that the quote is fake.We can confirm that Albert Einstein never said this quote. Here s a worthy purchase via @PrincetonUPress: https://t.co/FdGWkO1qpz https://t.co/eWTUhskgvR  Albert Einstein (@AlbertEinstein) July 24, 2017Ivanka Trump is never going to live this down. Her tweet will be considered the beginning of the Trump family s war on facts and the beginning of the  alternative facts  era that we are witnessing right now.Featured Image: Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
765," Kushner: I Lied About Four Russian Contacts, But No Worries, I Didn’t Collude","Donald Trump s son-in-law Jared Kushner has found himself at the focus of the Russia scandal which has gripped the administration. It s always the quiet ones you have to worry about, as they say. Kushner released an 11-page statement earlier in which he appeared to throw Donald Trump Jr. under the bus.Then Kush (I can call you Kush, right?) spoke for two hours in a closed-door session with Senate Intelligence Committee staff members investigating Russia s interference in the 2016 presidential election. After that, Kushner proceeded to talk to reporters, but didn t take any questions. I did not collude with Russia and I do not know of anyone else in the campaign who did so,  Kushner said outside the White House.Kushner insisted that he has been  fully transparent  which is totally untrue, according to the written statement he issued just hours earlier.In that statement, Kushner said he had four contacts with Russians during the presidential campaign and transition and declared that none of them were improper, even though they were not disclosed previously.Even most Republicans agree that Donald Trump Jr. should not have held that controversial meeting with a Russian lawyer, which was attended by Kushner and former campaign manager Paul Manafort.According to Kushner, it s all cool because he said he did not read emails that showed that Junior enthusiastically accepted the meeting with the idea that he would receive damaging information about Hillary Clinton.Kushner went on to deny that Russians financed some of his business interests in the private sector. However, it s been revealed that Trump s son-in-law bought part of old New York Times building from a Soviet-born oligarch who is allegedly tied to money laundering. There are many other instances we could cite, too. Like, for example, Kush s meeting with Russian banker Sergey Gorkov. That bank is sanctioned so it s alarming that he would even take the 30 minute meeting.But since Kush feigns to be transparent, he can prove that right now.USA Today reports:Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., called on Kushner to testify in public under oath, and said his written statement raised more questions about his relationships with Russians. He noted that the White House senior adviser  has repeatedly concealed information about his personal finances and meetings with foreign officials. There should be no presumption that he is telling the whole truth in this statement. At the very least, said Sen. Joe Manchin, D-West Va., the transcript from Kushner s meeting with staff members should be made public.  Make everything as transparent as possible,  Manchin told reporters. All of my actions were proper,  he said outside the White House. So, the four undisclosed meetings (that we know about so far) were  proper ?When Kushner sought top-secret security clearance which would give him access to some of the nation s most closely guarded secrets, he was required to disclose all encounters with foreign government officials over the last seven years, but he failed to do so. You know, because he s so  transparent. He or she who has not had undisclosed contacts with Russian officials, let them cast the first stone.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
766," Kushner Takes The Only Life Boat, Watches Junior And Manafort Drown From The Shore"," I am not a person who has sought the spotlight. That s the first stand-out sentence from the statement Jared Kushner released Monday morning in advance of his testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee. We re willing to bet that line makes it into his daily mantra as he navigates the nightmare he s realizing he married into. Oh, I don t excuse Trump s son-in-law for his part in any of the current investigation/fiasco/shenanigans. Don t get me wrong. But his demeanor clearly indicates a man who is in a different category of prevaricator than the Trumps he now unfortunately finds himself wed to in more ways than just his nuptials with Ivanka.His statement, first reported by CNN (in full here), is an absolute masterwork of distancing himself from the crimes that were obviously committed. With so much of The Meeting  between Don Trump, Jr., Paul Manafort, and himself already out in public   so much already confirmed   there is little to do but work with what he s got. And so carefully, meticulously, Kushner has crafted a storyline that excises his participation in the shady dealings with the Kremlin lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya:",0
767," Republicans Demand Chelsea Clinton Be Questioned Over Benghazi, Hillary ‘Scandals’ (VIDEO)","If you thought leaving Congress would somehow make former Benghazi witch hunter Jason Chaffetz smarter, you were utterly, woefully wrong.In an appearance on his new home, Fox News, Chaffetz whined that Jared Kushner and Donald Trump Jr. have to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee because of that teensy little meeting they had with a  Russian government lawyer,  a KGB spy, and a Russian money launderer where they expected to receive damaging information about Hillary Clinton from the Russian government.Instead, he says, Chelsea Clinton should be dragged in to testify about Benghazi. Republicans need to get a backbone,  Chaffetz said.  Every time the Democrats say they need to call up Jared Kushner or Don Jr.   call up Chelsea Clinton, call up the Clintons. So every time a Democrat says  I gotta talk to Donald Trump Jr.,  then go up and bring Chelsea Clinton in there, Chaffetz said, falsely claiming that Chelsea Clinton was  involved in the Benghazi situation  because of her association with the Clinton Foundation. They would never, ever do this to the Clintons,  Chaffetz said of Kushner s testimony despite the fact that  they  literally did this to Hillary Clinton, forcing her to withstand 11 hours of ridiculous questions   notably in public, unlike Kushner and his cohorts.Watch it below:Featured image via screengrab",0
768, Trump Considering Firing Sessions And Replacing Him With Corrupt Trump Crony,"On Saturday, amateur president Donald Trump whined that Republicans aren t protecting him from his own scandals, thus forbidding him from having a safe place in which to avoid being triggered. Trump wondered Monday morning why Attorney General Jeff Sessions hasn t investigated  Hillarys [SIC] crimes and Russia relations  in a classic case of projection. Just after  winning  the election, Trump no longer showed an interest in pursuing Clinton, though. Earlier this month, Trump raged against Sessions in a bizarre interview with the New York Times.Trump was upset that Sessions recused himself from anything regarding the Russia probe. After all, he did lie to the Senate Committee about meeting with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Trump revealed that he would have never chosen Sessions as his AG if he knew he would recuse himself.So now, it s come down to Sessions facing the ax at the ever-revolving door at the White house.During his early morning tweetstorm Monday, Trump referred to Sessions as a  beleaguered A.G. Trump has raised the possibility of bringing back Rudolph Giuliani to head the Justice Department, according to West Wing confidants, Mike Allen of Axios reports.Allen revealed that Trump has been considering Giuliani even before the interview with the Times. Sessions, for all his loyalty to Trump, might be replaced with another loyalist.Trump has repeatedly suggested there will be a shakeup of staff, mostly when there s a leak, and this White House s leaks are more like a massive rainfall.As Axios points out,  the Giuliani balloon may go nowhere  because it could just be an empty threat.And then there s Newt Gingrich, a man who has been devoted to Donald Trump.As Axios reported Saturday, Newt Gingrich   who also went all-in with the Trump campaign   may take a more visible, frequent role as a defender as Trump girds for battle with special counsel Bob Mueller.But, this tweet Gingrich sent out touting Mueller as Special Counsel may come back to bite him in the a**. Robert Mueller is superb choice to be special counsel,  Gingrich said.  His reputation is impeccable for honesty and integrity. Media should now calm down. Robert Mueller is superb choice to be special counsel. His reputation is impeccable for honesty and integrity. Media should now calm down  Newt Gingrich (@newtgingrich) May 18, 2017Giuliani and disgraced former House Speaker Newt Gingrich would both have a difficult time getting 50 Republicans senators to vote in order to confirm him. On the other hand, Sessions, with all of his baggage, was confirmed.No matter how loyal someone is in the Trump administration, the former reality show star can turn on that person on a dime if he needs someone to blame for his own failings. That s not to say we feel sorry for Sessions. F*ck that guy!Flashback:  This administration is running like a fine-tuned machine,  Trump said in mid-February.  Despite the fact that I can t get my Cabinet approved, and they are outstanding people. Photo by Zach Gibson/Getty Images.",0
769, Now Trump Wants to ‘Drain The Sewer’ So The Internet Let Him Know He’s A Piece Of Sh*t (TWEETS),"Donald Trump is losing it. On Monday, he kicked off his morning with perhaps his dumbest ravings yet about swamps and sewers and fake news (oh my?). Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer   it s actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!  our middle-schooler-in-chief tweeted.Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer   it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 24, 2017If you re thinking  what the f*ck is he on about?  then you re not the only one. For one, a sewer is a drainage system. That s the whole point.Just like Adolf Hitler, Trump continued his attacks on the L genpresse   FAKE NEWS  as Trump calls the media.He also once again demanded that everyone focus on  Crooked Hillarys  rather than himself. It is unclear if he meant that as a possessive or a plural.So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes & Russia relations?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 24, 2017Basically, this tantrum was a gigantic mountain of stupidity and Americans were glad to mock him mercilessly for it.You are right. If DC was a swamp before, you made it a sewer. Next stop: toxic waste dump  Dani Bostick (@danibostick) July 24, 2017How do you think sewers work, exactly?  Ryan Broderick (@broderick) July 24, 2017Brilliant!Although, to be fair, DC s sewer is clogged by a MASSIVE fatberg at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.  Sean (@DailyChef7) July 24, 2017If by  Fake News  you mean  My misleading tweets, statements & surrogates,  agree! Screw the sewer; in 2018 & 2020 let s  Flush the Toilet !  Pep Rosenfeld (@peprosenfeld) July 24, 2017Okay, have you tried calling the plumber? Let me know how it goes.  nic shields (@nicshields) July 24, 2017You ARE the biggest, slimiest, diseased sewer rat so stop whining #DonnieTwoScoops! pic.twitter.com/Zx7GKfBUV4  alexandra halaby (@iskandrah) July 24, 2017You re SO right! You DID create a sewer in the @WhiteHouse! Thank you for correctly pointing that out. #drainthesewer  Shaun O Banion (@shaun_obanion) July 24, 2017Ofcourse it s worse. You added half of Goldman Sachs, the foreclosure king, a racist elf, white nationalists, neo-nazis & Russian colluders  Facts Do Matter (@WilDonnelly) July 24, 2017Where would sewers drain into? Surely you d have to use more sewers and that would compound the problem, no?  Conor Mac (@thefella) July 24, 2017Yes, change the slogan. That should stop you from hiring a rogues gallery of the least qualified, most compromised federal officials ever.  Mark Banker (@themarkbanker) July 24, 2017Is a sewer better or worse than a swamp? This is the most interesting debate topic you ve raised since becoming president.  Paul Caiozzo (@PaulCaiozzo) July 24, 2017Yes, you managed to drain the swamp directly into the WH. And your constant refrain of  fake news  leads us to believe it isn t fake at all  Susan Price (@PriceSjrw5614) July 24, 2017So you turned the  swamp  into a  sewer ? And now it s overflowing. So much winning!  Paul Cyr (@PaulCyr5) July 24, 2017We know you re much worse than we first thought. We d love to drain the sewer . How long before you can move out?  Kristine Lynne (@thegoodmama) July 24, 2017It begins with you so when are you gonna resign so we can drain the sewer?  Sheree Williams (@ShereeW1974) July 24, 2017Trump seems nervous about something. Could it be that his son-in-law, son, and former campaign manager are testifying before the Senate Intelligence Committee about their collusion with Russia? The fact that the noose is tightening?What s he worried about?Featured image via Getty Images/screengrab",0
770," Republicans Are Trying To Destroy The Senate As We Know It, Taking Away Your Vote — Here’s How","The American Legislative Exchange Council, otherwise known as ALEC, is a corporate-funded project whose agenda is to give Republicans even more of an advantage, starting at the very top and working their way down. Part of their right-wing agenda now is to go 104 years back in time and get rid of an elected Senate, instead reverting to Senators being decided by deals between wealthy campaign donors, corporate lobbyists, and legislators.Trying to bring an end to representative democracy in the US isn t a particularly new idea, it s one that has been getting proposed for decades, however, nobody has come as close to making it a reality as ALEC. In fact, last year they circulated a document entitled Draft Resolution Recommending Constitutional Amendment Restoring Election of US Senators to the Legislatures of the Sovereign States, something that will most likely be discussed at great length at ALEC s annual meeting this week. If the article is approved by ALEC members, becomes part of their official agenda and is eventually instated, it will take a step backward and return the US to the corrupt and undemocratic practice of state legislators bartering off Senate seats, which was ended in 1913.When you take a look at that document you can tell these guys aren t fooling around, as it goes almost immediately to their ultimate goal:Section 1. The seventeenth article of amendment to the Constitution of the United States is hereby repealed.Section 2. Senators shall be elected exclusively by the State legislature, upon a majority vote of legislators present and voting in a joint session. If a vacancy shall exist for more than one hundred-eighty days, then the Governor shall appoint the Senator to serve the remainder of the vacant term. This procedure may not be modified by state initiative or referendum.Section 3. State legislatures may issue instructions to, or recall, their Senators at any time.By doing this, Congress will become more representative of corporations than citizens of the United States and also the imbalance in the upper chamber would almost certainly grow. Fortunately, overturning the Seventeenth Amendment would be no easy task, but it is a terrifying prospect that there are organizations trying to stifle democracy in the United States of America.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
771, Republican Official Caught Exposing Himself Attacks Police Officer,"Republicans always like to claim they are the party of  family values.  As such, they oppose anything they deem to be  sinful,  such as abortion, homosexuality, or pre-marital sex. They often use their political positions as a weapon against anyone who doesn t adhere to their twisted version of  morality.  Along with this, though, almost always comes some kind of amazing example of hypocrisy in their ranks.These examples pop up pretty regularly, and here we have another one.Fifty-four-year-old David Narromore is a dentist in Kingsport, Tennessee. He is also the chairman of that state s Republican Party. Narromore has been up to some decidedly un-family values like behavior of late, though, and now he might be going to jail for it. In the men s restroom at a Belk s Department Store, a most disturbing incident involving Narromore happened, and a store employee contacted police. Apparently, Mr. Narromore was exposing himself to the employee, who just happened to be a loss prevention officer using the restroom in the stall next to Narromore.Narromore went well beyond the usual toe-tapping that happens in this case here, too. He decided it would be a good idea to stretch his foot into the unidentified employee s stall and start massaging the other man s foot with his own. As if that weren t bad enough, Narromore also whipped his d*ck out for the poor innocent employee as well. This is what prompted the call to the cops.The employee then kept Narromore in the store in his office until police arrived. Narromore was taken into custody   but not without a fight. He decided to resist arrest, refusing to comply with orders from police when they attempted to handcuff him. He became physically combative, and they had to tase him. When that didn t work, officers were forced to take Narromore to the ground in order to cuff him and take him away. He spent the night in a cell, right where he belonged, despite his efforts to make sure that didn t happen. After posting bail in the amount of $2,250, he was let out of the joint the next day. He is charged with resisting arrest and indecent exposure.Of course, the Tennessee GOP has relieved Narromore of his duties after this embarrassing dust-up. Tennessee GOP Communications Director Trent Watson says of the incident: Dr. Narramore is clearly going through some personal issues. We wish him well as he attempts to deal with (his) personal struggles. Ah, yes. In Republican circles, being gay is wrong, so that means that when one has a  lapse,  it s just  personal issues.  Maybe if this guy wasn t such a repressed closet case, he wouldn t be committing sex crimes in public restrooms. If you people weren t so archaic and hateful when it comes to LGBTQ people, the people in your ranks who are repressed homosexuals wouldn t wind up doing this sort of thing and continuously embarrassing your party.Maybe the  issues  here have to do with the wrong-headed, hateful, and dangerous views of the GOP when it comes to homosexuality, not the people who are gay, repress it due to said views, and wind up in the slammer over it.Then again, this guy, as a professional Republican, deserves no sympathy, as his hypocrisy is off the charts with this one. He pushes politicians and laws that harm LGBTQ people, then gets caught trolling for gay sex in a public men s room.  Family values,  indeed.Featured image via AJC.com/Kingsport City Jail",0
772," WATCH: Scaramucci Cried About How Hard It Is For Wall St. Elites, So President Obama CRUSHED Him – To His Face","As I was scrolling through my Twitter feed this evening, I happened upon a gem of a tweet by Adam Khan. The text reads,  From 2010: Scaramucci says Obama is beating up on him and Wall Street friends  like a pi ata. Attached is a six minute video. And contained within that video are some pretty amazing moments.At 0:36, Scaramucci says,The question I have, sir, and this is something I really, you know, a lot of my friends are thinking about, listen   I represent the Wall St. community. We ve felt like a pi ata. Maybe you don t feel like you ve been whacking us with a stick, but we certainly feel like we ve been whacked with a stick.To which, at 2:34, President Obama responds:Now, I have been amused over the last couple years, this sense that somehow me beating up on Wall St.   I think most folks on Main Street feel like they got beat up on! The crowd immediately erupted in cheers for the previous Commander-in-Chief.This interaction, of course, comes after the 2008 financial crisis in which people like Mr. Scaramucci almost destroyed the world economy in the name of bigger risks and bigger payouts, at the expense of everyday people.You can see the tweet, and the amazing video contained within, in entirety below. The rest of the thread is also worth a read:From 2010: Scaramucci says Obama is beating up on him and Wall Street friends  like a pi ata. Watch how Obama responds. pic.twitter.com/o8sjsSRSMW  Adam Khan (@Khanoisseur) July 23, 2017Featured image by Bill Pugliano/Getty Images",0
773," Member Of Congress Educates Trump: ‘Our Job Is To Check You, Not Protect You’ (TWEETS)","Donald Trump has been on an absolute tear on Twitter regarding the Russia investigation. At one point during his unhinged Twitter rant, Trump whined that the GOP-controlled Congress should be doing more to protect him from the political and legal consequences of the investigation. Well, Congressman Ted Lieu of California had a bit of bad news for the clearly constitutionally-challenged Trump: It s not Congress s job to protect him. Quite the opposite, in fact. Rep. Lieu said to Trump: Dear @realDonaldTrump: Under our Constitution, the job of Congress is not to protect you. It is to be a check and balance on you. Dear @realDonaldTrump: Under our Constitution, the job of Congress is not to protect you. It is to be a check and balance on you. https://t.co/eE56pjA6Z0  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) July 24, 2017Now, of course that matters not to Trump. He has operated outside the bounds of the law his entire life, and has continued to do so since the second he took his hand off that Bible after reciting the oath of office. One could even argue that the Republicans in Congress ARE protecting Trump, considering that they won t do anything about him.Many regularly go on television and refuse to criticize Trump regarding Russia or anything else. This is true even when the evidence that he obstructed justice, colluded with the Russians, is self-dealing from the Oval Office, or committing any number of other crimes is nothing short of damning. That s to say nothing of his clear and dangerous incompetence, and his daily disgracing of the office we all hold so dear as a nation.If for no other reason than what Rep. Lieu just told Trump, we should do all we can to flip Congress in 2018. Then we can have a REAL check on this freak that is currently occupying the White House.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
774, Carrier Employee Speaks Out On Trump: ‘He Blew Smoke Up Our A**es’,"At a rally last year, Donald Trump said there was a  100 percent chance  he would save the jobs at Carrier, the heating and air-conditioning manufacturer. The deal wasn t a very good one because Indiana taxpayers will shoulder some of the costs of Trump s unfortunate attempt to promote himself. At the same Carrier factory where Trump boasted of having crafted the deal to save jobs, it has begun laying off workers. 338 employees were just laid off. One female employee did an interview with The New Yorker and she didn t hold back.Brenda Darlene Battle, 55, worked at the Carrier Corporation for the past 25 years. Trump came in there to the factory last December and blew smoke up our asses,  Battle told The New Yorker.  He wasn t gonna save those jobs. And, if that s the case, he would have saved us and Rexnord, a company around the corner from us that makes parts. She said that Trump supporters at the factory have gone quiet since the layoffs began. We had a mix of Trump supporters and Clinton supporters at the factory, I d say. The ones that really supported him are quiet right now,  she said.  Some of them got let go yesterday, too. She said that  some of them wore the hats. Not anymore, though,  in reference to the red  Make America Great Again  hats. Personally, I think the President is a  rubber room  politician. He s crazy. He needs a straitjacket. He s in there for his self. He s not in there to help America keep jobs. Because if he was we wouldn t be in the predicament that we re in every day,  she continued.  He keeps howling,  Make America great.  But he can t make America great if all the jobs are leaving the States and going to Mexico. People can t support their families. As for Trump s visit last December to Carrier, she said she thought it was all for show. I think the C.E.O. of Carrier and Trump was in bed together the whole time,  she said.  That day Trump came to Carrier, those two were too chummy. The way they sniggled and giggled. That sneaky kind of sh*t-eating grin. As for Ms. Battle s plans now, she said she s  going to be taking it very easy for a few months and do some of the things that my dad wants to do. She added that her 77-year-old father thinks  Trump blew smoke up our asses, too.The layoffs must really sting for the Trump supporting Carrier employees during  Made in America  week.Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images.",0
775, Retired Colonel BLASTS Trump’s ‘Amateur’ Demand That Navy Sailors Support GOP Legislation (VIDEO),"Donald Trump made a plea to naval officers at a ceremony recently, practically begging them to support him politically   and it s landed him in hot water. According to retired Army Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson, the move was completely  amateur  and  grossly inexperienced. Trump had made this disgusting display while he dedicated the USS Gerald R. Ford. He completely went off message by demanding that the military audience support his extremely unpopular, unethical health care bill, which would strip health care from 22 million people and cut Medicaid drastically. In his speech, Trump subjected his audience to his truly embarrassing behavior when he said: Call those senators to make sure you get health care. This morning on MSNBC s AMJoy, Wilkerson blasted Trump for this blatantly inappropriate message at the military event. When host Joy-Ann Reid asked Wilkerson what he thought of Trump asking the troops to support his political agenda, Wilkerson issued this brutal takedown during the show: This is just another indication that this man is grossly inexperienced. He s an amateur, he doesn t know what he s doing, he doesn t know the law, he doesn t know custom, he doesn t know protocol. You don t tell your troops, as commander-in-chief, to do something political. You can watch this moment below:COL. WILKERSON on this #Trump clip:  It s just another indication that this man is grossly inexperienced.  #AMJoy https://t.co/1ncYcVGzVb  AM Joy w/Joy Reid (@amjoyshow) July 23, 2017For a retired Army Colonel to note his own disgust with Trump s ridiculous authoritarian style of leadership is major. Trump sees nothing wrong with asking everyone to bend to his will and follow him without question or resistance, despite the fact that Trump s agenda and presidency is as unpopular as it s ever been. Colonel Wilkerson knows exactly how dangerous  leaders  like Trump can be, and America should listen to his words.Featured image via Getty Images",0
776, Trump Whines Incoherently About ‘Russian Witch Hunt’ And The Internet Laughs At Him (TWEETS),"Donald Trump got a late start on his incoherent Twitter whining Sunday but better late than never, we suppose. Once again, our  so-called President  is doing his best to convince the American people that the investigation into his administration s collusion with Russia is fake while simultaneously complaining that Republicans aren t doing enough to protect him from it. As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians!  President Snowflake said, adding that  It s very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President. As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 23, 2017It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 23, 2017The Donald has been doing his best lately to make his Twitter timeline a  safe space,  banning anyone who expresses a dissenting view (a gross violation of their constitutional rights)   but no matter how much he tries, the disdain felt for him by Americans still manages to overcome his efforts to hide from how the country feels about him:Emperor Trump has no clothes.  Eugene Gu, MD (@eugenegu) July 23, 2017It s actually hilarious that Trump is now whining on Twitter about losing the support of his very own party  SAD!  35%  SAD! (@williamlegate) July 23, 2017Did you seriously just write that?  Vikki V (@MissVikkiV) July 23, 2017You feel better buddy? You get that out of your system? What a way to contribute. Good job.  Quinn Brown (@JustinQBrown) July 23, 2017Please show me the line in the Constitution that says members of Congress must  protect their President.  And protect from what?  Lawrence O Donnell (@Lawrence) July 23, 2017Maybe Republicans are growing a spine and realize that Trump s approval rating will be a liability for them in 2018.  David Putnam (@davidmputnam) July 23, 2017These tweets sound like they are coming out of Pyongyang. You want Dear Leader loyalty.  Dani Bostick (@danibostick) July 23, 2017grow the fuck up. you re 71. act like. just once. jesus fucking christ.  cx (@cxcope) July 23, 2017Do you need a safe space you half-sentient ball of Cheeto-dusted phlegm?  Alicia Lutes (@alicialutes) July 23, 2017Yeah, so hate to break it to you, but their job is not to  protect  their  President.  LT (@TassmanianD) July 23, 2017Obama is so classy and his beautiful wife loves him  It must be really weird to have to purchase wives. pic.twitter.com/eRIE4LOPA6  SteveBannonsNose (@PrezBannonsNose) July 23, 2017You re right. They are disloyal. They don t deserve you. Teach them a lesson and resign.  VITW (@JosephWelch3rd) July 23, 2017Always the victim. Poor Donnie. SAD ? ? ?  Barbara (@MorBeeK) July 23, 2017HAHAHA. HAHAHA. Funniest damn tweet ever.  Joann Kline (@JoannKline) July 23, 2017Ah you poor   JC beyond the wall (@JC_in_Calgary) July 23, 2017Trump is really getting nervous lately amid reports that he is desperately seeking ways to pardon not only his family and other co-conspirators but himself   something innocent people do not investigate.It s time for Republicans to stand up to The Donald and impeach him. As Trump said during his campaign,  you either have a country or you don t.  Most Americans would prefer to still have a country when this is all over.Featured image via Getty Images/screengrab",0
777, Kellyanne Conway’s Meltdown Over Russia Is So Stupid You Have To See It To Believe It (VIDEO),"One has to wonder how much longer Kellyanne Conway can keep lying for Donald Trump, because she is very clearly losing it.On Sunday, Kellyanne Conway clashed with CNN s Brian Stelter over a number of issues   most notably  the Russia nonsense  as she called it during perhaps her most insane interview yet.About seven minutes in, Stelter attempted to explain to the unbelievably vapid Conway why the  Russia Russia Russia  story is news despite her and Donald Trump calling it a hoax. Because journalists love America and America was attacked last year and America s probably going to be attacked again next year around the midterms, and you call it a hoax,  Stetler said. And that has what to do with our campaign that I managed? I managed that winning campaign,  Conway demanded.  It has what to do with that campaign? That may be because by the time you became campaign manager, the deal was already in, the conversations were already had. We don t know, Kellyanne, but shouldn t we find out?  Stelter replied. Are you actually alleging there was active conversations with Russians trying to change the election results?  Conway raved.  Because very few people are saying that. Are you saying that or just trying to put it out there because you guys are so invested? What is there? What constitutional crisis are we facing right now? I ll leave that to [CNN s] Jeffrey Toobin and the law expert  Stelter said, demanding to know why Trump doesn t want answers as much as the rest of Americans. Isn t Mr. Mueller and his band of democratic donors trying to do that?  Conway shot back, adding that Americans would rather hear about Trump s propaganda than the  unequal coverage on Russia. Watch the interview below:",0
778, Trump Administration Gets Ready To Come After Cannabis (DETAILS),"Because there s totally nothing else better for the Trump administration to do, it s about to crack down on marijuana users. Attorney General Jeff Sessions won t find much support from voters on this as support to legalize marijuana has risen to an all time high.Sessions leads the amateur president s Task Force on Crime Reduction and Public Safety which is expected to release a report next week. Critics are concerned that the report will try to link weed to violent crime and recommend tougher sentences. And there is no link to violent crime and smoking weed.The Hill reports:Sessions sent a memo in April updating the U.S. Attorney s Offices and Department of Justice Department (DOJ) component heads on the work of the task force, which he said would be accomplished through various subcommittees. In the memo, Sessions said he has asked for initial recommendations no later than July 27. Task Force subcommittees will also undertake a review of existing policies in the areas of charging, sentencing, and marijuana to ensure consistency with the Department s overall strategy on reducing violent crime and with Administration goals and priorities,  he wrote.Clearly, critics aren t wrong to be concerned of Sessions implementing tougher sentences for smoking weed. The task force revolves around reducing violent crime and Sessions and other DOJ officials have been out there over the last month and explicitly the last couple of weeks talking about how immigration and marijuana increases violent crime,  Inimai Chettiar, the director of the Brennan Center s Justice Program said.Sessions is going after weed, you know, because the  war on drugs  worked out so well last time.Back in May, he penned a letter to Congressional leaders. I believe it would be unwise for Congress to restrict the discretion of the Department to fund prosecutions, particularly in the midst of an historic drug epidemic and potentially long-term uptick in violent crime,  Sessions wrote in the letter.We re not sure what weed has to do with the opioid epidemic sweeping across America, a problem which the Trump administration has failed to address.On Wednesday, Sessions managed to outrage both Democrats and Republicans with his controversial plans to increase civil asset forfeiture.Local law enforcement leaders don t feel that a crackdown is necessary. From a practitioner s point of view, marijuana is not a drug that doesn t have some danger to it, but it s not the drug that s driving violent crime in America,  said Ronal Serpas, the former superintendent of the New Orleans Police Department who co-chairs Law Enforcement Leaders to Reduce Crime and Incarceration. That s not the drug with which we see so much death and destruction on the streets of America. Crack and powdered cocaine, heroin and opioids is where we re seeing people die on street corners fighting over territory or control,  he added.The states rights issue that Republicans have vigorously touted seems to go against what Sessions is about to do.While on the campaign trail, Trump vowed to leave marijuana legalization up to the states but he appears to have flip-flopped on that issue, too.Photo by Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images.",0
779, WATCH: Jake Tapper Rips Scaramucci A New One For Using Trump As Source To Deny Russian Hacking,"Anthony Scaramucci got his ass handed to him on Sunday morning by CNN host Jake Tapper.Just a day has gone by since Scaramucci became the White House communications director, resulting in the resignation of Sean Spicer as press secretary a mere six months into Trump s presidency, and he is already insisting that the Russians did not interfere with the 2016 Election just because Trump said so.That s despite our nation s intelligence agencies and former and current intelligence officials confirming otherwise.During a discussion about whether Trump will sign the bipartisan legislation that slaps sanctions on Russia, Scaramucci used an anonymous source to claim that the American people have been misinformed about Russia. There s a lot of disinformation,  Scaramucci said.  Somebody said to me the other day   I don t want to say who   if the Russians actually hacked this situation and spilled out those emails, you would have never seen it. You would have never had any evidence of them. Meaning that they re super confident in their deception skills and hacking. But our intelligence agencies have confirmed that Russian did, in fact, meddle in our election by attacking our democratic institutions by hacking, which can be traced back to the perpetrators by our own professional cyber security experts. Basically, Scaramucci is claiming that the Russians are too good to get caught by us. That s simply not true.And Tapper was quick to call Scaramucci out for it, but not before he slammed Scaramucci for citing an anonymous source. Wait, wait, wait,  Tapper chimed in.  I don t know who this anonymous person is. And then Scaramucci demonstrated that, just like Trump, he can t keep his mouth shut and is a leaker. How about it s the president, Jake,  Scaramucci replied.  He called me from Air Force One and basically said to me,  This is   maybe they did it, maybe they didn t do it. Wow. That s truly pathetic.Tapper proceeded to tear Scaramucci apart for being Trump s yes-man instead of accepting the analysis of our own intelligence agencies and Trump s own Director of National Intelligence. This is exactly the issue!  Tapper said.  We have experts, the U.S. intelligence agencies [are] unanimous, both Obama appointees and Trump appointees   the director of national intelligence, the head of the National Security Agency, the head of the FBI. I mean, all of these intelligence experts, saying, Russia hacked the election, they tried to interfere in the election. President Trump is contradicting it and you re siding with President Trump! Indeed, it certainly appears Scaramucci is just shilling for Trump and he even proceeded to whine about Tapper s observation, leading Tapper to ask,  Don t you owe a duty to the truth? Scaramucci then claimed that he doesn t know what the truth is because:  I don t have the information in front of me. But he didn t even bother to get the information. Instead, he got talking points from Trump and merely parroted them on television like a good little lapdog.Here s the video via YouTube.Scaramucci is already making it clear that he is untrustworthy. He just threw our intelligence community under the bus and demonstrated that he is the kind of leaker that Trump whines about. He couldn t even stop himself from bragging about how Trump himself was the anonymous source who told him Russia didn t hack us. The evidence clearly shows that Russia attacked us and our democratic institutions. Only self-serving fools would believe otherwise. Featured Image: Screenshot",0
780," Michelle Obama Went To A Birthday Party, So Conservatives Called Her ‘Ghetto Trash’ (SCREENSHOTS)","Michelle Obama really did it this time. The former First Lady managed to infuriate conservatives by doing some so terrible that they were forced to use words like  ghetto  and  trash  and  ape  to describe her (you know, their go-to language whenever a person with skin darker than a piece of classroom chalk is involved).What did she do that was so terrible? She went to Beyonce s birthday party last year.So, what set them off about this now? Video surfaced of her having fun, of course.Never Before Seen private footage of Beyonc , Solange & Michelle Obama! #ByeFelicia ?? pic.twitter.com/VrTz6sgsUc  THE BEYHIV  (@TheBeyHiveTeam) July 21, 2017The video with Michelle Obama is from Beyonc 's private birthday party last year. pic.twitter.com/drLp6fw4Vo  THE BEYHIV  (@TheBeyHiveTeam) July 21, 2017Naturally, this was so horrible that the Reich   err, Right   flocked to Facebook to share what could be loosely called their  thoughts  (they are, of course, incapable of actual thought) about this perfectly harmless video of the First Lady having a bit of fun.         Racist attacks  on the Obamas has become something of a sport with conservatives. Recently, Malia Obama celebrated her 19th birthday   a joyous occasion for her, a reason to let the Confederate flags fly for  them. Unfortunately, this is what we have come to expect of our frenemies on the Right   horrible racism and an inability to engage in civil discussion about anything at all.Featured image via screengrab",0
781, Trump’s America: White Supremacist Blogger Given Job As Federal Judge,"The most controversial judicial nominee on President Trump s list was just confirmed on Thursday in a U.S. Senate vote catastrophe.Meet John Bush, a lawyer from Kentucky and an outspoken political blogger who bashes on gay rights and who believes that the Roe v. Wade decision was equally as deplorable as the Supreme Court s 1857 pro-slavery decision.This right-wing nutjob is now the newest judge on the 6th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals.John Bush has published over 400 articles in his career as a right-wing blogger. Under a fake pen name, he regularly cites conspiracy theories and fake news stories from alt-right media reports   including the ridiculous story that President Obama was born outside the U.S.During his confirmation hearing, Bush attempted to downplay his destructive alt-right views as  political activity.  He openly made a pledge to separate his personal politics from his work as a judge on the courtroom bench.The confirmation hearing final vote came in with 51-47, without Republican John McCain.This is the fourth judicial nominee of Trump s to win confirmation, with twenty-two pending nominations. There are far more judicial vacancies on the federal bench than usual, and Trump is actively seeking to fill the slots. The president is looking for judges who are conservative but also young and able to serve for a long time in an effort to permanently shift the judiciary over to conservative activists. At this rate, Trump will quickly erase the judicial nomination gains made by the Obama administration over his entire two terms.Feature Image Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Image ",0
782," Republican Viciously Attacks McCain: Give Me Your Job, You Clearly Can’t Do It","A Republican state senator from Arizona, Kelli Ward, has unleashed a veiled, but nonetheless vicious, attack against Senator John McCain in the wake of his brain tumor diagnosis, and her whole entire attitude positively reeks of someone trying to bury McCain before he s gone. In discussing who Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey could appoint to replace McCain, should he step down, she actually gave this as her reason for she should be the person to take his place: Because I have a proven track record of years in the state Senate of being extremely effective and of listening to the voice of the people that I represent. And you know, I made an extremely good showing against Senator McCain against all odds. Ward tried to primary McCain in 2016 and lost. She launched a campaign against Senator Jeff Flake for 2018 almost as soon as she lost to McCain. Furthermore, while she was running against McCain in last year s primaries, she said he was old and weak and could die while in office.All of this smacks of someone thinking,  Oh look! McCain s going to die! I have another chance to take his seat! It s disgusting, really.If she were appointed to take McCain s place, she ll have some early enemies in the Senate because of her behavior. Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WF) shredded her on Twitter over this:In all the ways I measure good Senate colleagues (honor, class, integrity) Kelli Ward falls short. Ppl like her aren t welcome in the US Sen  Senator Joe Manchin (@Sen_JoeManchin) July 22, 2017People like Kelli Ward are what s wrong with politics today. The people of AZ deserve representatives with dignity & decency.  Senator Joe Manchin (@Sen_JoeManchin) July 22, 2017Ward insists that this is about McCain s health and what s best for Arizona and the country as a whole, but really, she s just an grubby-handed opportunist. She s just like Trump, and the last thing we need in our government is more Trumps.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
783, POLL: Trump Is The Least Popular President Of All Time — And It’s Getting Worse,"Donald Trump may think he s the best, but it looks like most Americans disagree. In reality, he s the worst. Numerous polls show that Trump is the least popular president ever. And the more time passes, the lower his approval rating sinks.The most recent Gallup Poll shows Trump s approval rating at a mere 37 percent, with 58 percent of Americans disapproving of the job he s doing as president. That s down from a brief stint at 40 percent approval earlier this month. His lowest approval ratings came in March when only 35 percent thought he was doing a decent job in the White House, but he is darn close to that now.In fact, other polls show that he has already reached the magic number of 35 percent approval, his all-time low. The American Research Group has Trump s approval rating at 35 percent, which has dropped from 37 percent approval in June and 39 percent in both May and April. Rasmussen Reports, Trump s favorite poll, also showed that Trump s approval rating is currently tied with his all-time low.According to Newsweek, Trump is closing in on his record low approval ratings in just about every poll out there. Five Thirty Eight has Trump s approval rating at 38.4 percent, just 0.4 points above his all-time low.But these aren t just record lows for Trump, they are record lows for any U.S. president ever. That s right, Trump is officially the least popular president in the history of the United States and he s only been in office for six f*cking months.It s official: @realDonaldTrump is the least popular new president in history.That could mean big trouble for his presidency. (@Reuters) pic.twitter.com/lzuJY2ZZ3P  Chris Riotta (@chrisriotta) July 21, 2017Despite the fact that the majority of Americans disapprove of the alleged president, Trump s core supporters still back him, even as the Russia scandal continues to heat up. A poll from earlier this week found that just like Trump said during his campaign, even if he shot someone on Fifth Avenue, there are a good many of his supporters (and a subset of Republicans in general) who would back him anyway.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
784, NSA Chief On Trump’s Russia/US Cybersecurity Unit Plan: That’s A Terrible Idea,"It doesn t take a rocket scientist to know that having a Russia-U.S. cybersecurity unit is the most backwards, moronic idea an administration could come up with   which is exactly why Donald Trump is encouraging it.When Trump introduced the idea earlier this month that Russia would be working with the United States on cybersecurity   even though Russia interfered with the election and is our primary digital adversary   Americans across the country were outraged in a collective mix of disbelief and disgust. It seemed as though Trump was purposely trying to throw his Russian scandal in everyone s face, ignoring the severity of the entire situation. Fortunately, director of the National Security Agency Adm. Mike Rogers shares the feelings of many Americans, and has publicly announced his disapproval of the cybersecurity project.In response to Trump s discussion with Russian leader Vladimir Putin on the creation of an impenetrable Cyber Security unit  to prevent further election hacking and cyber threats, Rogers stated at the Aspen Security Forum in Colorado that now  is probably not the best time  for a project like that, diplomatically stating the obvious: Trump s plan is idiotic.This is just the latest criticism Trump is facing on the proposal   right after he announced it, Trump was hit with backlash from several lawmakers, which forced him to flip-flop on his proposal. Trump later said: The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit doesn t mean I think it can happen. It can t-but a ceasefire can, [and] did! As long as people like Roger continue speaking out and acknowledging that Trump has a massive Russian scandal that is currently unfolding before our very eyes, none of Trump s ridiculous schemes to keep befriending Russia will have any success.Trump has an extremely shady, problematic relationship with Putin   one that has undermined our democracy as the Kremlin s interference in the election has been confirmed by the U.S. intelligence community (although Trump keeps denying it). The fact that Trump is having secretive meetings with Putin and thrusting Russia into join projects with the U.S. should not be taken lightly. Trump must be watched closely, and he needs to be called out accordingly.Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
785, Republicans Want To Tax Democratic States More To Pay For Tax Cuts For The Rich,"When Republicans talk about cutting taxes, they generally talk about cutting the taxes of the wealthy and the major corporations under the absolute lie that those tax cuts will lead to prosperity for everyone else. But that s not working, and they know it. They just can t admit it. To make up for the shortfalls caused by these tax cuts, they now want to effectively raise taxes on certain other people: Their opponents, the Democrats.Their current tax reform plan calls for eliminating the federal deduction for state and local taxes. But wait, you might ask, how is that only raising taxes on Democrats? Doesn t that raise taxes on everyone? Well, yes, but this would disproportionately affect blue states   specifically, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, and California.These are the states where taxpayers get the biggest deductions. Therefore, these people would see their taxes go up considerably more than people living in red states. These four states have high taxes, but they also have high property values and high cost of living. No red state ranks in the top 10 for this particular deduction. One might say that the low taxes in red states are better anyway, but then why is it that blue states tend to be more wealthy and prosperous?It s a well-known fact that blue states generally subsidize red states at the federal level. They send more dollars to the federal government than they receive. Red states, on the other hand, take in a lot more and pay a lot less to the federal government. Essentially, red states live off the backs of blue states while whining up one side and down the other about socialism and having to pay to subsidize other people.The national average for this particular deduction is just over $11,000, but the four states listed above all deduct more than $17,000. What better way to ensure that the residents of these states pay even more for the poverty in red states than to eliminate thousands of dollars of deductions?Republican lawmakers from these blue states are pushing back very hard on this, because it is, in effect, selective tax increase on people who actually do need to see their taxes cut. However, other Republicans are claiming that eliminating this deduction will actually allow Congress to lower other taxes.Oh, please. It won t work that way, not because it can t (this would raise enough money to pay for lower income taxes, if done right), but because Republicans are incapable of coming up with a plan that s actually beneficial to low- and middle-income Americans.Here s a novel idea: Why don t they eliminate certain tax breaks and loopholes that only apply to the top 1 percent, instead of one that the shrinking middle class benefits from too? Oh wait, they can t do that. They ll lose their rich backers if they do.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
786," BAD NEWS For Trump: Memo Proves He Is Not Above The Law, Can Be Indicted","If Donald Trump thinks being president means he can t be prosecuted for his crimes, he should think again.As it turns out, Special Prosecutor Robert Mueller has the power to indict Trump if he has enough evidence proving that Trump committed a criminal act such as colluding with Russia in an effort to win the 2016 Election. Donald Trump s son Trump Jr. has already demonstrated that Trump s campaign met with a Kremlin-linked Russian lawyer and a former Soviet Intelligence officer in order to get dirt to use against Hillary Clinton, which is, indeed, the very definition of collusion.Mueller s power to indict is confirmed by a 56-page legal memo written by Ronald Rotunda, a conservative professor of constitutional law and ethics, who was hired as part of Special Prosecutor Kenneth Starr s team during the Bill Clinton presidency.According to the 1998 memo, which was obtained by the New York Times,It is proper, constitutional, and legal for a federal grand jury to indict a sitting president for serious criminal acts that are not part of, and are contrary to, the president s official duties. In this country, no one, even President Clinton, is above the law.That means no sitting president is above the law, including Trump.Watergate special counsel, Leon Jaworski, came to the same conclusion in 1974.The only reason why Jaworski and Starr declined to indict President Nixon and President Clinton is because they chose to let impeachment proceedings play out instead.Well, Republicans have thus far done everything they can to protect Trump from being impeached. So it appears Mueller may not have a choice but to indict Trump if Republicans continue to refuse to do their public duty.Even the Supreme Court has ruled that sitting presidents are not above the law by deciding in 1997 that a lawsuit against Clinton for misconduct prior to becoming president can move forward. And since Trump was not president when he and his campaign colluded with Russia, that makes his misconduct open to indictment, along with any other crimes he committed prior to taking office. That means if Mueller digs through Trump s finances and finds other crimes, Trump could face an indictment for those as well. If there is no recourse against the president, if he cannot be prosecuted for violating the criminal laws, he will be above the law,  Rotunda further wrote. If public policy and the Constitution allow a private litigant to sue a sitting president for acts that are not part of the president s official duties (and are outside the outer perimeter of those duties), and that is what Clinton v. Jones squarely held, then one would think that an indictment is constitutional because the public interest in criminal cases is greater. In short, Trump is in deep shit and he can t blame Hillary Clinton to get out of it. Not even Republicans can dispute the Starr memo. Republicans not only supported Starr s investigation, it was a conservative legal mind who wrote the memo.So unless Republicans proceed with impeachment proceedings to get to the bottom of this once and for all, Robert Mueller must indict Trump. Because it is clear that Republicans won t punish Trump for breaking the law and violating the Constitution.Featured Image: Addicting Info Archive",0
787, Republicans Are Admitting They’re Fine With Treason As Long As They Win,"This brings party before country to a whole new level. Republicans are admitting they are fine with treason, as long as they achieve their political goals.That was the message Ann Coulter delivered on her Twitter feed on Friday night.If @realDonaldTrump builds wall, ends O s  executive amnesty,  bans Muslims & deports illegals, he could make Putin VP. #BetterThanReagan  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 22, 2017In fact, Republicans have been demonstrating all year that they don t really care what Donald Trump does as long as they get what they want. So as Trump once said, he could literally murder someone right now in broad daylight and Republicans wouldn t lift a finger to do something about it.What s even scarier is that conservatives like Coulter are also perfectly fine with Russian dictator Vladimir Putin being put in a position of power in the United States government. Of course, we all already know that Putin has power over the government from the outside. Trump is his puppet and he s pulling the strings from Moscow.Coulter goes even further by claiming that Trump is  better  than Ronald Reagan. Keep in mind that Reagan would never have colluded with Russia to win an election. He certainly would not have allowed Russia to dictate what he does as president. Reagan is rolling in his grave right now because of what Trump has done and is doing.As the evidence continues to stack up against Trump, Republicans are just letting him get away with ignoring the Constitution and flouting the law. He has repeatedly lied to the American people, repeatedly obstructed justice, and is using the White House to enrich himself and his family. And they are willing to let him burn down our democracy and humiliate our nation as long as it means they get to enact their political agenda and remain in power.The fact that conservatives like Coulter actually want Putin to be vice-president should scare the hell out of every American, especially those who constantly claim to be  patriots. Featured image via Steffen Kugler/BPA/Getty Images",0
788, WATCH: The New Man In Trump’s Life Is Kissing His A** Like Nobody Else Ever Has,"In case everyone didn t know, Trump can throw a perfect spiral through a tire, swishes foul shot after foul shot, and, additionally, is clearly sleeping with Anthony Scaramucci.Donald Trump s newest hire wasted no time before immediately swooning over his new boss.On Friday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer resigned after Scaramucci was picked as the White House Communications Director.Scaramuccia took to the podium and spoke to the White House Press Corps for about an hour, during which, he professed his deep love of Donald Trump and acted as a glorified hype-man desperate to portray Trump as heroic, intelligent, and physically impressive. I think he s got some of the best political instincts in the world, and perhaps in history,  Scaramucci said, immediately commencing with the ass-kissing.When asked if Trump will get his terrible healthcare bill passed, Scaramucci practically gushed over him. The president has really good karma, OK?  he said.  And the world turns back to him. He s genuinely a wonderful human being and I think as members of Congress get to know him better and get comfortable with him, they re going to let him lead them to the right things for the American people. Scaramucci didn t stop there. He went full groupie by openly admiring Trump s  competitiveness  and was in full awe of Trump s alleged athletic feats. I ve seen this guy throw a dead spiral through a tire. I ve seen him at Madison Square Garden with a topcoat on. He s standing in the key; he s hitting foul shots and swishing them, all right? He sinks 30-foot putts. Here s the video via Twitter.there s been a lot of lies from the White House but  trump is a phenomenal athlete  might take the cake pic.twitter.com/ru5YIfZvCi  jordan ?? (@JordanUhl) July 21, 2017Now, Scaramuccia may have actually seen Trump do these things, and there is some footage of Trump throwing a football through a hole. But as the Washington Post pointed out, nothing Scaramucci bragged about proves that Trump is  competitive  because nothing he did was in the heat of competition.But the fact that Scaramucci went out of his way to suck up to Trump in this fashion absolutely proves that he is nothing more than an ass-kisser on a level that must be making Sean Hannity insanely jealous.With that being said, here s Trump and Scaramucci s song. Clearly, it should have been the background music playing during the press briefing.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
789, Trump Campaign’s Old Tweet Comes Back To Bite Donald In The A** And It Is PERFECT,"Taking Donald Trump s erratic, unpredictable behavior into full consideration, it s safe to say that almost nothing is certain in his presidency besides his talent for humiliating the United States and incriminating himself with the help of his equally corrupt inner circle.While it s mildly entertaining (and depressing) to watch Trump melt down as his Russia scandal closes in on him, it s even more fun to see gems from the past come back to bite him in the a**.This morning, Trump had one of his Twitter tantrums, where he trashed former FBI Director James Comey. That should come as no surprise, because Trump has spent the last several months insulting the FBI and intelligence agencies because he s bitter about the Russian scandal. So it s pretty hilarious that this tweet, straight from the Trump campaign, has resurfaced:That s right   then-Trump surrogate Sarah Huckabee Sanders   who has just been promoted to White House Press Secretary due to Sean Spicer s resignation   previously trashed the very  losing  behavior that Trump has been doing for months now. Sanders had posted this in November (right before the election) in response to speculation that a few FBI agents were playing politics.We would honestly love to see Trump defend his behavior now. He s spent so much time trashing federal investigators and firing everyone who might be a threat to him in the Russia investigation, it s pretty much impossible to believe he could be innocent after all this.Trump not only fired Comey, but he has attacked the ex-FBI Director, referring to him as a  nut job  who is  not a smart guy.  Now he s threatening to fire Special Counsel Robert Mueller if Mueller investigates his finances and businesses. And unfortunately, Sanders has taken a similar attitude now that she is closer to Trump. Completely forgetting about her tweet from November, she more recently stated that Comey is guilty of  atrocities. Whether she stands by it today or not, Sanders  tweet is telling in its exposure of an administration with no integrity. Trump s attacks on these prosecutors are merely a sign that he will keep losing.Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
790, WATCH: Republican Strategist BLASTS ‘Lawless’ Trump,"Democrats and Republicans don t agree on a lot, but they do agree that Donald Trump is  lawless  and that he leaked information in an effort to force out Jeff Sessions.During an appearance on MSNBC on Saturday morning, GOP strategist Rick Wilson told Joy Reid that Trump has ignored the law and doesn t care about real conservative principles. He also ripped Trump supporters a new one for supporting Trump no matter what he does or says. They ve completely abandoned the Rule of Law, they ve completely abandoned conservative principles,  Wilson said.  The only thing  clickservatives  enjoy is watching Donald Trump tear things up, break glass, knock over the furniture, scream about the liberal media bla bla bla. Wilson went on to state that he thinks Trump s White House leaked the documents detailing Jeff Sessions  meetings with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak because he wants to oust the Attorney General as a prelude to firing Special Prosecutor Robert Mueller in an effort to obstruct the Russia investigation. I think they are pushing him to get out,  Wilson opined.  I think this leak came from the White House, I think they are absolutely trying to knock Jeff Sessions out of the box, so they can try to get rid of Bob Mueller. Wilson s analysis comes hours after Donald Trump whined about such leaks on Twitter.A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post,this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comey s, must stop!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 22, 2017While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 22, 2017Democratic strategist Tara Dowdell agreed with Wilson. I agree, I think this is a leak from the White House,  Dowdell, said.  I think that they re trying to push him out, but I think he s holding on by his claws. Indeed, Sessions refuted rumors that he was set to resign after Trump criticized him for rightfully recusing himself from the Russia investigation.Here s the video via VidMe.Featured Image: Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
791," Donald Trump Just Tweeted His Most INSANE, Convoluted Rant Ever (TWEETS)","On Saturday, Donald Trump lashed out at the Washington Post and pretty much everyone else imaginable after reports surfaced that Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak had told his superiors that he had discussed campaign-related matters with Attorney General Jeff Sessions   a revelation that Sessions had lied.In what appears to be an effort to distract from growing suspicion that Donald Trump or even his alter-ego  John Barron  had leaked the information in an effort to hurt Sessions, Trump lashed out at the Post for the  illegal leaks. A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post,this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comey's, must stop!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 22, 2017Comey s leaks were far from illegal, as they contained no classified information   though Trump has also been perfectly willing to lie about that, too. Fox News was even forced to correct a story that claimed Comey had leaked classified information.Interestingly, this seems to confirm that Sessions did indeed lie about his contacts with Kislyak   a little detail that probably has Trump s legal team freaking out right about now.Next, The Donald attacked the New York Times, accusing the newspaper of foiling an attempt to kill a terrorist leader because they reported accurate information they were given that allegedly caused a lead to go dead:The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 22, 2017Since this was important, Trump immediately promoted the fact that he is attending a commissioning ceremony for  the largest aircraft carrier in the world. This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R. Ford. Norfolk, Va.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 22, 2017Then, he jumped to recent reports that he has been desperately asking about his ability to pardon his aides, his family members, and even himself for crimes he says he totally didn t commit because innocent people regularly ask about their ability to pardon themselves. Accordinf to Trump, the  only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS. While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 22, 2017As is tradition, he then jumped to an attack on Hillary Clinton, claiming that  so many people are asking  why Sessions isn t looking at  the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 e-mails deleted?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 22, 2017Once again, neither of them have actually committed any crimes   and he somehow managed to misspell  counsel  because Trump is a f*cking idiot.Next, he was back to accusing Clinton of colluding with Russia: What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 22, 2017Then it was on to Donald Trump Jr. meeting with a  Russian government lawyer,  a KGB spy, and a Russian money launderer   which is totally cool because he handed over emails proving that he did it:My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media & authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (& acid washed) her 33,000 e-mails!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 22, 2017Immediately, Trump jumped to bragging about how much his new communications director loves him:In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didn't think I was running!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 22, 2017Then OBAMACARE!The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 22, 2017ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 22, 2017Holy. Shit. Trump is insane. Our President* is insane. There s really no other way to say it.Featured image via Getty Images/screengrab",0
792, Russian Lawyer Willing To Testify In Front Of The Senate ONLY If ‘Given Safety’,"Donald Trump Jr., Paul Manafort, Jared Kushner, and everyone else in Trump World who was in that meeting with a shady Russian lawyer who definitely worked for Kremlin-connected spy agencies might be in even deeper trouble than they were before. It seems that this same lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, is willing to testify under oath for the United States Senate   but only if her safety can be guaranteed. Veselniskaya says: Let s put it this way   I m ready to clarify the situation in today s mass hysteria, only within the legal field or through lawyers, or by testifying in the Senate. When asked by a reporter if she was willing to go before the Senate, Veselnitskaya said: Yes, if I am guaranteed safety. Today I have to think about my safety first, the safety of my family, my four children. Well, something hot is brewing if this woman is worrying that something might happen to her if she breaks her silence. Granted, she never should have even been in the United States at all, given her history and shady connections to Vladimir Putin s Kremlin, but she was, and she was heavily connected to an American presidential campaign. The Senate definitely needs to hear from her. We need to know what happened in that meeting.To that end, Congress, Secret Service, or whomever, please do what you must to make sure this woman stays safe so that she will testify. Natalia Veselnitskaya could have a lot of keys to unlock this whole Russian puzzle   even if she s a part of it and lying.Watch her remarks below:Featured image via Natalia Veselnitskaya Facebook",0
793," With Latest Hire, Trump Might’ve Just Gone To War With The NRA","Trump s brand-new communications director, Anthony Scaramucci, is raising some eyebrows, and not because he s another former Wall Streeter. He supported both Obama and Hillary, and has expressed some considerably liberal views on things like gun laws and the 2nd Amendment. That may well put Trump at war with the NRA, because the NRA is likely to see this as a betrayal of sorts.In 2012, Scaramucci was very clear in his position on gun laws, and they do not match what the NRA wants to see in the White House at all:Image via TwitterHe also told all of Twitter that he s always supported strong gun laws. The NRA hates any gun laws   in fact, they like to push lawmakers to loosen them in response to mass shootings:Image via TwitterSo, of course, NRA spokeswoman Dana Loesch isn t exactly thrilled with Scaramucci s appointment. She s hoping that he s changed his position since then, because, after all, the only things that matter to the NRA-types are guns. Lives? Safety? Well, those are just collateral damage in the fight for freedom.Loesch and the NRA have been under fire recently for a patently disgusting ad calling liberal protesters  messages the  violence of lies,  and that also said that liberals  assassinate the truth.  She says that it s up to real Americans to fight the violence of lies with the clenched fist of truth. It s not hard to interpret that as a call to eliminate liberals.Scaramucci is, crazily enough, someone that Trump believes will be loyal to him, first and foremost and above everything else. Will he actually do that, though? Maybe. He ll have to do a complete 180 on issues like gun control, which then throws his convictions and credibility into doubt. Who will come out on top when all is said and done? Only time will tell.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
794, GOP Senator Drops BOMBSHELL – House Intel Chair Spread Fake News About Surveillance To Help Trump,"Former Obama national security adviser, Susan Rice, voluntarily testified to the Senate Intelligence Committee in a closed-door session as part of their ongoing investigation into how Russia interfered in the 2016 election. During these investigations, some news has come to light that Republicans have tried to use to discredit Obama, some of his officials, and thus, the entire Russia scandal. It seems, though, that some Republicans spread some fake news about all of this, probably to help Donald Trump.The chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Devin Nunes, has maintained that Rice improperly unmasked the names of members of Trump s transition team caught up in incidental surveillance of Russian nationals. However, Senator Richard Burr, a Republican and the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, has something to say about that, and it s pretty damning for Nunes: The unmasking thing was all created by Devin Nunes, and I ll wait to go through our full evaluation to see if there was anything improper that happened.  [emphasis mine]So Devin Nunes lied? It certainly looks like that s what Burr is saying. While Burr acknowledged that American citizens on Trump s transition team were unmasked, and that information did become public when it shouldn t have, he seems to believe that Nunes was making things up when he accused Susan Rice of improper unmasking.That goes with earlier reports that Nunes got his information from the White House, which has had a bone to pick with the entire Obama administration since Jan. 20. Nunes was vague in discussing the unmasking, apparently because the information was classified (but maybe also because he knew he was lying).Most other lawmakers who have seen these records, and have seen the unmasking, said there was no evidence of wrongdoing on Rice s part, or anyone else s. But Nunes made it his mission to discredit Rice (and thus, Obama) to the point where he could at least accuse the Obama administration of breaking the law.The problem with Nunes  involvement with this investigation is that he was always more interested in clearing Trump than he was in actually investigating the fact that a hostile foreign power successfully meddled in our election in 2016. He s also apparently said that he s been getting updates on the investigation despite recusing himself from it, and that he  can do whatever I want. I m the chairman of the committee. Nunes needs to lose his job.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
795," NEW: Kushner Lied About MILLIONS In Assets On Disclosure Forms, Over 70 Items Discovered Missing","Jared Kushner, Donald Trump s son-in-law, has already lawyered up, but maybe he should get more lawyers because he might be in a bit of trouble right now. It s not just Jared, but a senior White House adviser, too. You see, most of us don t simply forget about millions of dollars, or thousands, or hundreds. In fact, for a guy who owes a fuckton of money, we re pretty sure he didn t  forget  about it either.On Friday, Jared and a senior White House adviser released a revised version of his personal financial disclosure which now shows that his initial filing omitted dozens of assets, including commercial real estate, bonds issued by the New York water and sewer authority, a personal art collection and a New Jersey liquor license, the Wall Street Journal reports.Hey, we re not talking about one or two assets that Jared omitted from his earlier form; we re talking about 77 of them.Ivanka Trump s form hasn t yet been certified by the ethics office, as required by law. Details schmetails! Jared and Ivanka have followed each of the required steps in their transition from private citizens to federal officials,  Jamie Gorelick, a lawyer for the couple, said in a statement.Drain the Swamp, Donald Trump said, then he filled it up with his swampy family members:The new disclosure shows Mr. Kushner and Ms. Trump collectively hold between $206 million and $760 million in assets. Mr. Kushner s initial disclosure put the value of their assets between $240 million and $740 million. The changes in values may reflect divestments since the last filing and the broad range of valuation for assets.Well now! That s not a lot of money. Oh wait, Don Fox, who served as the ethics office s general counsel from 2008 to 2013 and as acting director from 2011 until 2013, says otherwise.Fox said the number of omissions on Jared Kushner s initial form was unusually high.  That strikes me as a lot,  he said.You don t say.The Wall Street Journal reports:In his initial disclosure, Mr. Kushner didn t identify business relationships with Goldman Sachs Group and billionaires George Soros and Peter Thiel through a real-estate tech startup called Cadre that Mr. Kushner co-founded and currently partly owns, The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year. An investment in Cadre valued at between $5 million and $25 million was included on the new disclosure, which showed Mr. Kushner  intended to resign  from his position with Cadre in January but didn t do so until May.According to Kushner s lawyer, it was simply  an administrative error.  We re sure his art collection valued at between $5 million and $25 million was merely an oversight, too. But, according to the lawyer, the art collection was just for  personal enjoyment,  and had nothing to do with investment purposes.And then there s the Kushner s $1 billion in loans that he failed to disclose previously. Those loans were from more than 20 lenders.It gets worse:Mr. Kushner has also filed revisions to a form required to obtain a security clearance that, in its initial form, didn t list contacts between him and foreign government officials. He subsequently submitted information about  over 100 calls or meetings with representatives of more than 20 countries,  Ms. Gorelick has said in a statement. Those contacts weren t made public.The Trump Crime Family s mounting conflicts of interest are being paraded out after more and more information is revealed. The Trumps seem to suffer from selective memory issues. As for Jared, it s always the quiet ones that you should watch. We re sure that Mr. Mueller is watching this spectacle, too.Photo by Olivier Douliery   Pool/Getty Images",0
796," BREAKING: Sessions Lied, Discussed Trump Campaign With Russian Government","The dominoes continue to fall as new evidence comes out saying that Jeff Sessions really did lie through his teeth about his meetings with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Sessions claimed he didn t discuss anything about the Trump campaign, but Kislyak reportedly told his own government that wasn t true. According to the Washington Post:Ambassador Sergey Kislyak s accounts of two conversations with Sessions were intercepted by U.S. spy agencies, which monitor the communications of senior Russian officials both in the United States and in Russia. Sessions initially failed to disclose his contacts with Kislyak and then said that the meetings were not about the Trump campaign  A former official said that the intelligence indicates that Sessions and Kislyak had  substantive  discussions on matters including Trump s positions on Russia-related issues and prospects for U.S.-Russia relations in a Trump administration.Well, gee, we can t imagine why on earth Sessions neglected to mention his meetings with Kislyak on his SF-86. That was supposedly at the instruction of the FBI investigator conducting his background check, but it doesn t matter who did or did not tell him to do it. He still omitted a foreign contact who just happened to be Russian.But remember back in March, when he said this as he recused himself from the Russia investigation? I never had meetings with Russian operatives or Russian intermediaries about the Trump campaign. Ha! Nope.Then in January, he literally said he d never had any contact with the Russians at all. When called out for that, he said that he misunderstood the question about his foreign contacts during his Senate confirmation hearing. So his lies evolve as new information comes out.While U.S. officials cannot assert that what they learned about Kislyak s conversations with the Kremlin are 100 percent accurate, they now have something new to dig into when it comes to Jeff Sessions and his true ties to Russia.Recusal from the Russia probe is no longer enough (it really never was). Sessions now appears to have done everything he claimed he never did, including discuss Trump s position on Russia while the campaign was still going on. Not only is lying or deliberately omitting information on the SF-86 illegal, but he discussed matters of foreign policy as a member of a presidential candidate s campaign. That is also illegal, and it makes Trump look even worse as far as collusion goes.How will Sessions and Trump try and spin this? Sessions should resign immediately.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
797, 2nd Major Trump Team Shakeup In A Single Day; Trump’s Top Lawyer Resigns,"It s been a rough day in the Donald Trump White House. After a mostly incoherent interview published in the New York Times, and after a revelation that Trump is going around asking if he could pardon his family and even himself, rats have begun abandoning the sinking ship.It started early on Friday morning, when Trump s beleaguered Press Secretary, Sean Spicer, announced his resignation because he objected to his new boss, Anthony Scaramucci. The shakeup had only begun. By the afternoon, Trump s personal lawyer Marc Kasowitz, also resigned after being demoted from heading the Russia defense and after, in the New York Times interview, Trump threatened special counsel Robert Mueller against going after Trump family finances.In an interview with MSNBC, Times reporter Peter Baker said this about Trump s legal team: People around him definitely are. This is, in fact, connected to the other thing you were talking about, the sort of blowup of the legal team. some of the lawyers told him don t go after Robert Mueller. First of all, this guy is a good guy, he is a smart guy, a person of integrity. In fact, some of the lawyers have said to the president, in effect, if you didn t do anything wrong and we think you don t have anything to worry about in terms of the Russia investigation, then you should want Robert Mueller at your special counsel, because if he finds that, if that s his conclusion, it will have credibility on both sides of the aisle, so don t do that. Baker was proven right on Friday when Kasowitz left the team after it was announced that Ty Cobb would be heading the defense.This also points to a change in legal strategy, and that means that Mueller, if not outright fired, will be in the crosshairs. The goal will be to dig up any bit of dirt and any perceived conflict of interest to discredit him. All of that points to just one thing   guilt. If Trump, his family and his associates were innocent, they would, as his legal team said, welcome the investigation and discrediting Mueller would only put a cloud over any sort of exoneration. Now there s no question. We can be sure now that there won t be an exoneration.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
798, Trump’s Legal Team In Uproar After He Forces Them To Attack Robert Mueller,"Donald Trump s inner circle is shattering as we speak. Not only has White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer resigned, but not even Trump s legal team is happy with him. And if there s one group of people Trump shouldn t want to p*ss off right now, it s his lawyers. Unfortunately, Trump isn t very smart.The New York Times has just confirmed that Trump s legal team is up in arms over the fact that Trump wants to go after special counsel Robert Mueller. In an interview with MSNBC, Times reporter Peter Baker stated that Trump s legal team was actually trying to convince Trump to leave Mueller the hell alone, as he s highly respected among Democrats and Republicans. MSNBC Nicole Wallace asked: I know nothing is sacred with this man, but do you sense anyone around him is trying to pump the brakes on the character assassination of Bob Mueller? Baker revealed that some of Trump s legal advisers have already walked out on him due to Trump s attack on Mueller. Baker said: People around him definitely are. This is, in fact, connected to the other thing you were talking about, the sort of blowup of the legal team. some of the lawyers told him don t go after Robert Mueller. First of all, this guy is a good guy, he is a smart guy, a person of integrity. In fact, some of the lawyers have said to the president, in effect, if you didn t do anything wrong and we think you don t have anything to worry about in terms of the Russia investigation, then you should want Robert Mueller at your special counsel, because if he finds that, if that s his conclusion, it will have credibility on both sides of the aisle, so don t do that. And this could cost Trump far more than his lawyers. Baker remarked that Mark Corallo had already resigned from his position as spokesman and communications strategist for Trump s legal team due to Trump. Baker said: He thought that Robert Mueller was a person of integrity and that they shouldn t be attacking him. So this is a point of stress within the Trump team. You can watch the interview below:Clearly, no one can destroy the Trump administration better than the POTUS himself.Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
799," BREAKING: GOP Chairman Grassley Has Had Enough, DEMANDS Trump Jr. Testimony","Donald Trump s White House is in chaos, and they are trying to cover it up. Their Russia problems are mounting by the hour, and they refuse to acknowledge that there are problems surrounding all of this. To them, it s  fake news,  or a  hoax.  However, the facts bear things out differently, and it seems that there are now cracks in the Congressional public leadership.Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), who heads the Senate Judiciary Committee, is fed up. He is now demanding that Donald Trump, Jr. and former 2016 Trump Campaign Manager Paul Manafort testify before his committee regarding the now infamous shady meeting between Donald Trump and the shady Russian lawyer who promised dirt on 2016 Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. In fact, this information is due, well, NOW. This demand sends a few signals to team Trump   most notably that they should not fire Special Counsel Robert Mueller under any circumstances, despite the fact that it seems that this seems to be what Trump s White House is laying the groundwork, so to speak, to do as we speak.Here is the tweet regarding Grassley s warning:Also, anyone who thinks that Senator Grassley and the rest of the Senate are not serious about this only needs to look at the warning that has already been given: Trump Jr. and Manafort will either follow orders, or be served with subpoenas that force them to comply. If they refuse, they will be held in contempt of Congress, which carries with it serious jail time.Even the cruel, craven creatures within the GOP are sick of Donald Trump s corruption and his scandal-ridden White House. They are angry that he staged a hostile takeover of their party, first with birtherism and giving them a permanently racist label all while decimating all efforts that were made to pretend the Republican Party isn t a hotbed of racism, and while turning their worlds upside down, and with it, the nation. It seems that old-timers like Grassley, who are clearly sick of Trump s bullshit, just might be the ones who could save the republic. All they need is a bit of courage.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
800, Report: Trump Businesses Seeking Dozens Of Special Visas For Foreign Workers,"During  Made In America  week, an initiative which is supposedly to promote U.S. jobs and products, the Trump Organization is asking the federal government to grant dozens of special visas to foreign nationals to work at two of Donald Trump s private clubs in Florida, including his Mar-a-Lago resort, which he also calls the  Winter White House. it s like the former reality show star isn t even trying anymore.ABC reports:The company is seeking 35 waiters and waitresses at Mar-a-Lago along with 20 cooks and 15 maids. A listing is also posted for six cooks at the Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter. The jobs pay anywhere from $10.33 to $20.01 per hour. They run from Oct. 1 to May 31.On Thursday, requests for H-2B visas had been made public on the Department of Labor s website.The jobs would begin in October and end in May 2018 and pay a minimum of $10.33, $11.88 and $13.34 per hour but would be eligible for higher wages with overtime.The visa request filing came just days after the Trump administration announced it would offer an extra 15,000 temporary, seasonal work visas this budget year and we re sure that s not a coincidence at all.In mid-April, Trump signed an executive order which promotes the  Buy American and Hire American  idea.The EO states it is  to create higher wages and employment rates for workers in the United States. While we wouldn t have any problem with the hiring of foreign workers, Trump s hypocrisy is staggering.CNN reports:A CNN analysis of visa records in April found businesses run and owned by Trump and his adult children have been certified to hire at least 1,371 foreign visa workers since 2001.Just this past March, a winery owned by Eric Trump in Virginia applied to hire more foreign workers to pick grapes after being unable to find U.S. citizens willing to do the job.Trump s actions against immigration has farmers concerned because, they also hire foreign workers. If it gets worse, as one farmer put it, you re going to be living in a world without peaches maybe   at least California peaches. But Mar-a-Lago and the Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter, Florida, will be OK. Whew!Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
801, John McCain Just Savaged Trump On Twitter (TWEET),"Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), fresh off a brain cancer diagnosis that he is statistically unlikely to beat, is apparently all out of f*cks to give. Today, he tweeted an article in the opinion section of the Washington Post, calling it a  must-read.  The article in question?  Trump s breathtaking surrender to Russia. And the op-ed holds absolutely nothing back. Here are a couple of my favorite excerpts from the piece:But once again, President Trump   after extended personal contact with Vladimir Putin and the complete surrender to Russian interests in Syria   acts precisely as though he has been bought and sold by a strategic rival. The ignoble cutoff of aid to American proxies means that  Putin won in Syria,  as an administration official was quoted by The Post. Concessions without reciprocation, made against the better judgment of foreign policy advisers, smack more of payoff than outreach. If this is what Trump s version of  winning  looks like, what might further victory entail? The re- creation of the Warsaw Pact? The reversion of Alaska to Russian control? There is nothing normal about an American president s subservience to Russia s interests and worldview. It is not the result of some bold, secret, Nixonian foreign policy stratagem   the most laughable possible explanation. Does it come from Trump s bad case of authoritarianism envy? A fundamental sympathy with European right-wing, anti-democratic populism? An exposure to pressure from his checkered financial history? There are no benign explanations, and the worst ones seem the most plausible. The problem is the damage to U.S. interests done in the meantime. It now seems that the Russians   by meddling in a presidential election and by playing down such aggression   have achieved an intelligence coup beyond the dreams of the Soviet era. The result is an America strategically and morally disarmed.The fact that John McCain is posting such a strongly worded article about Trump s surrender to Russia is extremely telling, and begs the question: Behind closed doors, how many other Republicans feel this way? In public, it s obvious that Republicans feel they must present a united front against the Democratic Party and forces of the left. However, despite recent silence from #NeverTrump conservatives, it wasn t even a year ago that leadership figures such as Paul Ryan were dead set against him. Given the fact they are spineless, how much pressure will it take to get them to turn against him?If Donald Trump s numbers keep dropping, primarily among Republicans, I think you ll see it happen. And if that s the case, it might not take until 2018 to bring him down.Here s Senator McCain s tweet:Must-read @MJGerson @washingtonpost:  Trump s breathtaking surrender to #Russia  https://t.co/SkWocuF8dM  John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) July 21, 2017Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
802, Russian Lawyer At Trump Jr.’s Meeting Has Worked For Russian Spy Agency,"The whole world knows about the bombshell report of Donald Trump Jr., Jared Kushner, and the former campaign manager for Donald Trump s 2016 presidential run, Paul Manafort, holding a secret meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya. Of course, despite how shady this is on its face, Team Trump s party line has been,  nothing to see here.  Well, it seems that there just might be something to see here, considering that Veselnitskaya actually once represented a Russian spy agency.Reuters reports that Veselnitskaya was involved in a bitter fight over elite, exclusive pieces of property in Moscow. Who was her client? The FSB, of course. Meaning, essentially, she was working for the Kremlin and Vladimir Putin. Supposedly, that connection ended in 2013 when Veselnitskaya won the case for the FSB. However, with the way Russia operates, once a Russian spy operative, always a Russian spy operative. Here is how Reuters describes the chain of events:Reuters could not find a record of when and by whom the lawsuit   which dates back to at least 2003   was first lodged. But appeal documents show that Rosimushchestvo, Russia s federal government property agency, was involved. It did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Veselnitskaya and her firm Kamerton Consulting represented  military unit 55002  in the property dispute, the documents show.Now, to play devil s advocate, it is very possible that Trump Jr. and the rest didn t know Veselnitskaya s history. That is possible, but certainly not probable, considering the fact that Trump Jr. himself has admitted that his family has been getting money from Russia to fund their business ventures for years. That makes it highly unlikely that the Trumps and those in their orbit weren t well aware of who this woman was, what her background was, and who she worked for.At the end of the day, this is a woman that never should have been allowed into this nation at all, and she definitely shouldn t have been anywhere an American presidential campaign. All of this is shady as hell, and hopefully Robert Mueller can get to the bottom of it while we still have a republic to save.Featured image via Flickr",0
803, Hannity Goes BALLISTIC After Conservative Group Humiliates Him By Rescinding Media Award,"It turns out that William F. Buckley s own son wasn t thrilled about Sean Hannity receiving an award named after his dad.And that may be the exact reason why the conservative group known as the Media Research Center rescinded the  Media Excellence  award he was set to receive, despite the fact that Hannity has done nothing but push conspiracies and kiss Donald Trump s ass.According to CNN, the naming of Hannity as the award s recipient  caused distress among Buckley s family   in particular his only child, best-selling author Christopher Buckley. A source familiar with the situation tells CNN that Christopher Buckley  expressed great dismay  at the announcement that the award would go to Hannity, who has spent a great deal of time insulting conservative intellectuals on Twitter, particularly since he became a strong supporter of Donald Trump.Indeed, Hannity is not an intellectual at all. He s a college dropout who peddles bullshit that should have gotten him kicked off the airwaves years ago. Meanwhile, William F. Buckley was a true conservative intellectual who loathed Trump.Buckley s son informed the Media Research Center of his disapproval and the group quietly removed Hannity s name from the gala on their website and decided not to give Hannity the award.They made the right decision. The only thing Hannity deserves for the crap he spews on television and radio is a pink slip.Of course, the news upset Hannity and he took to Twitter to throw a temper tantrum, attacking CNN and Christopher Buckley.Hey Fake News Jake, I was offered an award, I was unable to attend, and I respectfully turned it down. https://t.co/z69QXiW7AZ  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) July 21, 2017If @NRO  Never Trumpers  or WFB s son were upset about me receiving the award, they never told me. Now I m really glad I said  No thanks  https://t.co/33BFWgnlEj  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) July 21, 2017Fact;  Awards  are BS ways to raise $. The only  Award  I care about is serving my audience, the support of my audience, and saving the USA https://t.co/YcYJTeSUto  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) July 21, 2017Chris Buckley (NO WFB) needs to speak out about how @NRO has readers pay for free cruise  vacations . Thank God for Conservative Review.  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) July 21, 2017No idea, I never spoke to Chris a single time. I was going to humbly accept it, but I ran into a conflict and declined. @NRO is NEVER TRUMP! https://t.co/xYaAuvr80O  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) July 21, 2017Hannity just demonstrated precisely why he should never have been picked to receive a media award. Attacking the son of the man it is named after isn t exactly an example of media professionalism.Hannity is just desperately trying to save face after being rejected. He knows it. The Media Research Council knows it. CNN knows it. We all know it.Featured image via Paul Zimmerman/Getty Images",0
804, WATCH: Kellyanne Conway SMEARS Investigators To Give Trump An Excuse To Fire Them,"As Donald Trump s legal team tries to dig up leverage to use against investigators and researches his pardon power, Kellyanne Conway is busy smearing anyone who is involved in the investigation.The Russia investigation has been heating up in recent days as more information continues to be revealed about Trump Jr s secret meeting with Russians and special prosecutor Robert Mueller and his team start looking at Trump s family finances, which will likely reveal all of Trump shady connections and dealings with Russian oligarchs.Obviously, Trump is very nervous about Mueller s investigation. He even warned Mueller not to look at his business dealings, which basically gave Mueller a reason to look there.During an appearance on Fox & Friends on Friday, Conway began laying the groundwork for Trump to have an excuse to fire Mueller and derail the investigation against him.She began by whining about how taxpayers are funding the investigation, which is hypocritical considering Republicans wasted millions of taxpayer dollars investigation Benghazi, a real witch hunt that lasted longer than even the 9/11 investigation. Where is this going?  Conway whined.  Are Americans comfortable with that, with the taxpayers funding this with this going off of all types of chutes and ladders? Then she accused Mueller and his team of being Democrats and Hillary Clinton partisans. Not only did these Democrat, presumably, lawyers donate a lot of money to the left side of the political aisle, one of them actually was a lawyer for the Clinton Foundation,  Conway said.Of course, Trump ass-kisser Steve Doocy jumped in to claim that there are all sorts of conflicts of interest and that members of Mueller s team should be forced to resign.Conway then launched a rant about how the  swamp  is out to get Trump and stop him from bringing  transparency  and  accountability  to Washington even though Trump has never been transparent and has never held himself accountable for anything he has ever said or done. Steve, here s the relevance of that   people should at least know it. Donald Trump went to Washington to disrupt and expose the system, just to blow that secret door off of its hinges and have more accountability and transparency in a system that thrives on the opposite. So the same applies here. Let s at least, you know, you re saying put on pressure   let s have a disinfectant, let s at least let the transparency and accountability speak for itself. It s relevant that people know what the motivations are, and that is not an attack on the team. That is what s fair is fair. Seriously.She then went on to accuse top Democratic members of the House and Senate investigations of spending more time on television than in hearings.Here s the video via Fox News.If Donald Trump fires Mueller he would be obstructing an investigation and telling the world that he has something to hide that he doesn t want investigators to find. He would basically be admitting that he s guilty. Of course, if Trump truly believed in accountability and transparency, he would admit that his campaign colluded with Russia and resign immediately.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
805," Florida Republican To Black Voters: ‘If You Don’t Like It Here, Go Back To Africa’","Paul Congemi, a Republican candidate running for mayor of St. Petersburg, Florida, sent a clear message to black voters at a forum on Tuesday when he told mayoral opponent Jesse Nevel and members of the Uhuru Solidarity Movement to  Go back to Africa. Congemi claims to have been a life-long Democrat who switched to Republican after former President Barack Obama showed his support for gay marriage. Nevel, on the other hand, is white and has been running his campaign on the slogan  Unity through reparations,  and has also spoken out against gentrification and police brutality.Then there is the Uhuru Solidarity Movement, a socialist organization of white people who believe that the key to ending racial inequality is through reparations, but Congemi sees things from different angle. Mr. Nevel you and your people talk about reparations. The reparations that you talk about, Mr. Nevel, your people already got your reparations. Your reparations came in the form of a man named Barack Obama,  Congemi said at Tuesday s forum.  My advice to you, if you don t like it here in America, planes leave every hour from Tampa airport. Go back to Africa. Go back to Africa. Go back,  he continued, repeatedly pointing at the crowd and later making motions to exit.His statement was met with a combination of shock and disgust, with one woman in the crowd shouting  Get out of here!  after Congemi s comment about Barack Obama.Rick Kriseman, the sitting mayor of St. Petersburg, was also critical of the candidate s words, claiming on Wednesday that Congemi s statement was hateful, bigoted, and unacceptable toward black and gay Floridians. Jesse Nevel also saw the move as tactless, saying that Congemi s comment reflects a segment of my community. I ve met plenty of other people who feel that way. That s why I feel that it s important for those of us in the white community to take a public stand with reparations. In typical Republican fashion, Congemi tried to weasel his way out of the firestorm he had created, telling the Washington Post that he has  nothing against African Americans who are doing their best here in America,  and that his remarks were only aimed at those who are pushing for reparations. He even referred to Nevel as a  self-hating white man. The controversy doesn t seem to have slowed Congemi down, and he claims that anyone who believes he is racist simply misunderstood his comments. Even if he loses this time, he s not going to stop. I ll run again in 2019 and, God willing, if I m alive in 2021, I ll run then, too,  Congemi said.  I intend to keep running and running and running. Featured image via video screen capture from YouTube",0
806, Corruption: Here’s How Donald Trump Is Breaking The Law And Profiting From The Presidency,"Presidents are supposed to serve the American people, but Trump has made it clear that everyone works for him and he is not to be questioned or investigated or placed under scrutiny. Ever. Even when it comes to Russia, even when it comes to his severe lack of ethics and his Constitutional violations. We know about many of his conflicts of interest, which very well may break the law, and one would expect them to improve as time goes by. However, they re getting worse, not better.Historically, presidents do not go into office with the number of business interests Trump has. Previous presidents have placed what interests they do have into blind trusts, which means the president separates himself from them entirely. He has no influence, he gets no information. Trump? Not so much. Sure, his businesses are in a trust, but his sons manage it and they give him updates regularly.Even if they didn t, they re helping their father corrupt the Office of the President with his business. Trump s sons have pitched an idea for budget hotels called  American Idea,  and have gone so far as to sign letters of intent to build said hotels in economically depressed areas in red states.That isn t an  America first,  initiative so much as it s a way for Trump to expand his brand and boost his popularity among the plebes he otherwise ignores.(We all have a million dollars that says those hotels will hire foreign workers for cheap, as Mar a Lago in Florida just did.)Trump s presence at his golf clubs serves as promotion, and some of them (like Mar a Lago) are raking in the dough from increased membership fees and people willing to pay them in order to say they ve rubbed shoulders with him and other world leaders. His decision to roll back an environmental policy ensuring clean drinking water directly benefits his golf courses, which means he brings in even more money.The Trump International Hotel in D.C., situated in the historic Old Post Office building, isn t supposed to belong to any government officials. The reason Trump can have such an interest in it is supposedly because his business is in a trust, so he technically doesn t have an interest. Or something. Regardless, the hotel is supposed to be donating profits from foreign officials who stay there to the U.S. Treasury, but Trump said that asking foreign officials to identify themselves as such would  diminish the guest experience. So he s directly profiting from foreign officials who stay there, either to curry favor with him or because they think it d be rude to stay with a competitor. It s probably both.Trump was obviously corrupt before before he was even elected   he s known this whole time how to milk campaigns and how to milk his office for all its worth, so that when he leaves he s richer than ever. During his campaign, he made heavy use of his own properties. That might make sense, but the law reveals just how he lined his pockets with campaign donations.Federal election law requires a campaign to pay fair market value for goods and services bought from a candidate s own businesses. Most candidates with their own business interests wind up spending one to three percent of their total spending on their businesses. Trump s spending was above 10 percent. There s no way that was an accident.Trump is corrupt. He knows it. We all know it. That s why he says that the president isn t subject to ethics laws   he s trying to build the case that he can do what he wants because he s the president and we re not.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
807, BREAKING REPORT: Trump Is Terrified; Asking Lawyers If He Could Pardon Himself,"While Donald Trump hasn t exactly made an admission of guilt in the Russian scandal, but in a shocking story that just broke in the Washington Post, he s at least privately entertaining the idea that he will be prosecuted and possibly found guilty. Now he s asking if he can pardon family members, staff and even himself.Trump has asked his advisers about his power to pardon aides, family members and even himself in connection with the probe, according to one of those people. A second person said Trump s lawyers have been discussing the president s pardoning powers among themselves.Trump s legal team declined to comment on the issue. But one adviser said the president has simply expressed a curiosity in understanding the reach of his pardoning authority, as well as the limits of Mueller s investigation. This is not in the context of,  I can t wait to pardon myself,  a close adviser said.Source: Washington PostThis report comes in the same day a New York Times interview was published with Trump. In the interview, he appeared to threaten Special Counselor Robert Mueller if Mueller dared look into Trump s personal finances:Asked if Mr. Mueller s investigation would cross a red line if it expanded to look at his family s finances beyond any relationship to Russia, Mr. Trump said,  I would say yes.  He would not say what he would do about it.  I think that s a violation. Look, this is about Russia. Mueller didn t care, though. On the same day the interview was printed, it was revealed that Mueller s office is indeed investigating Trump s businesses, which may be why the sudden interest in Trump pardoning everyone around him, including himself.As for whether he can do that, well, the Constitution and history are unclear. No President has tried to pardon himself. Nixon thought about it before he resigned and his lawyer advised him that it was within his realm of authority. Note that a president doesn t have to wait till there are convictions to grant pardons.So what would happen if Trump attempted a self-pardon? First, some pardon fundamentals: Article II, Section 2, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution gives the president the power to  grant Reprieves and Pardons for Offences against the United States, except in Cases of Impeachment.  Pardons thus can only cover federal criminal offenses and cannot thwart an impeachment (which technically is not a criminal prosecution anyway). .The prosecutor s argument, while much more complicated, is a stronger one. First, a textual argument: The word  pardon  means something inherently bilateral, something that a sovereign bestows upon a subject. Consider more colloquially that you can beg someone else s pardon, but you never seek or receive one from yourself. While there is admittedly no explicit limitation on self-pardons, there is no need for one, because a self-pardon is by definition not a  pardon.  Other examples show that the pardon power is subject to inherent limitations like this. For instance, the law is clear that a pardon cannot be prospective   it can only reach offenses committed before the pardon is issued   but that limit is not spelled out in the Constitution either. It is implicit in the definition of a  pardon  as opposed to a suspension of the law.Source: Foreign PolicyWhether or not it can be done, it would set a very bad precedence and one that even the most partisan Republicans in Congress would find toxic. It could also be very bad for Trump s businesses.Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
808, GOP Billionaire Issues HARSH Message To Congress: Impeach Or I’m Done,"A billionaire GOP donor is fed up with Donald Trump and he s fed up with Republicans in Congress who refuse to do anything about Trump. Now he has a very strongly worded message for Congress   he wants them to do something about the monster in the White House or he ll stop writing them checks. In fact, it might be too late.Florida Cuban-American billionaire Mike Fernandez is disgusted by Trump and in an interview posted on Thursday by Politico, he expressed (shall we say) frustration at Republicans who  balls  to impeach Trump. All the Republicans who hide behind the flag and hide behind the church, they don t have the f  balls to do what it takes,  Fernandez told POLITICO Florida in a telephone interview on Thursday.Fernandez has long been a huge supporter of Republicans, especially at the state level in Florida. He supported Mitt Romney, Florida Governor Rick Scott, Jeb Bush and several others, but he s no longer a Republican because of Trump. In 2016, he spent $3.5 million in an effort to defeat Trump. I am out of the political process. Too disgusted, too expensive, too supportive of ego maniacs whose words have the value of quicksand,  he wrote in an email to a Republican fundraiser seeking political contributions. It is demoralizing to me to see adults worshipping a false idol. I can t continue to write checks for anyone,  he said.  I know what it s like to lose a country. It gets worse. Fernandez called Trump one of the worst words in the English language   for forced-birth Republicans. He called Trump an  abortion of a human being. If I was the doctor and knew what that baby would do, I d have made sure it never would have seen the light of day,  he said of the president.The most interesting thing about all of this is that this might be what it takes for Republicans to wake up. Face it, they aren t going to grow a set of balls (to paraphrase Fernandez) any time in the near future, but they will be terrified of losing their donor base.Billionaires, more than anyone, care about how our country is perceived on the world stage. Chaos means market uncertainty, which is never a good thing for the moneyed class. If Trump continues down his current path, he will soon start losing the confidence of the GOP donor base. If Congress doesn t do something about him, look for all of the Trump sycophant members of Congress to be primaried, by the people who have all the money.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
809, Trump In A Panic As Deutsche Bank Plans To Turn Over Financial Information To Investigators,"One of the many reasons Americans were suspicious of Donald Trump to begin with was because of his various business conflicts and shady finances, which have obviously become a major problem in his presidency.While Trump s Russia scandal is erupting, he s also being kept busy defending his several conflicts of interest, struggling to continue hiding his tax returns because they ll reveal not only a long history of debt, but a trail of shady business deals. Trump doesn t want America to know how much money he owes, or who he owes the money to.Notably, Deutsche Bank was one of the only lenders who wanted to work with Trump despite his horrible reputation for suing lenders and going back on his contracts. This bank, which has ties to Russia, loaned Trump hundreds of millions of dollars and thanks to Trump s Russia investigation, investigators are going to find out why.According to the New York Times, banking regulators are reviewing hundreds of millions of dollars in loans made to Mr. Trump s businesses through Deutsche Bank s private wealth management unit . . . to [see] if the loans might expose the bank to heightened risk. Trump s relationship with Deutsche Bank has been problematic for decades, and it s now going to bite him in the a**. Deutsche has given Trump over $4 billion over the last 20 years, and in return Trump sued the bank in 2008 when he fell behind on his payments on a $640 million load. To avoid paying the bank, Trump blamed it for the global crisis and said the bank should be paying HIM instead, leveraging the extraordinary event clause in his contract. Trump said: Deutsche Bank is one of the banks primarily responsible for the economic dysfunction we are currently facing. In response, Deutsche countersued for this  classic Trump  move. Trump was only able to pay the bank back because he got ANOTHER loan from Deutsche s wealth-management unit.This won t come as any shock to Americans, but Trump s shady family is also involved in this. Not only is Ivanka Trump a Deutsche Bank client, but so is her husband Jared Kushner, who is also up to his neck in the Russian scandal. Kushner got himself into the Russian mess by hiding his meeting with Sergey Gorkov, who happens to be the chief executive of Russian state-owned development bank Vnesheconombank, a bank that Deutsche Bank has a  cooperation agreement  with.Deutsche Bank is far from innocent, and that s exactly why it s being investigated right along with Trump. Check this out:. . . in May, federal prosecutors settled a case with a Cyprus investment vehicle owned by a Russian businessman with close family connections to the Kremlin. The firm, Prevezon Holdings, was represented by Natalia Veselnitskaya, the Russian lawyer who was among the people who met during the presidential campaign with Donald Trump Jr. about Hillary Clinton. Federal prosecutors in the United States claimed Prevezon, which admitted no wrongdoing, laundered the proceeds of an alleged Russian tax fraud through real estate. Prevezon and its partner relied in part on $90 million in financing from a big European financial institution, court records show. It was Deutsche Bank.Trump does NOT want anyone investigating his financial ties, and he made this clear in his interview with the Times on Wednesday night. Trump clearly stated that he did not want anyone to examine his family s finances beyond any relationship to Russia. I think that s a violation.  Thanks to his shady dealing with Deutsche Bank, Trump s nightmare is coming true.Featured image via Mark Wilson / Getty Images",0
810, Senate Gives Trump Jr. Ultimatum: Respond By Friday Or Face Subpoena,"The Senate Judiciary Committee just gave former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort and Donald Trump Jr. a decision to make by Friday evening and the clock is ticking. The Committee has pre-approved subpoenas in order to force Manafort and Don Jr. to appear before the panel if they do not accept by Friday evening an invitation to appear next week, the Washington Post reports.Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa), the Committee Chairman, said that Manafort, Trump Jr. and a third invited witness, Fusion GPS co-founder Glenn Simpson, have been given until Friday night to accept the invitation to testify in a public hearing which is scheduled for Wednesday.Now, if they do not accept this offer, the Iowa Republican said that subpoenas would be issued  almost immediately. We ve already authorized  the orders, Grassley said. He further noted that the committee s top Democrat, Dianne Feinstein (Calif.), had also signed off on the orders in advance.  She and I don t have to take any action   it s already been taken. According to a member of Manafort s legal team, they are considering the request. But it s really a request in name only since the subpoenas are ready to go.Things are so bad for Manafort that he s confused about which meeting to respond to first.Grassley scheduled the two senior Trump campaign surrogates to appear before the panel the same week as the Senate Intelligence Committee plans to interview the president s senior adviser and son-in-law, Jared Kushner. That interview is scheduled for Monday, according to Kushner s lawyer   although on Thursday, the Senate Intelligence Committee s top Democrat, Mark R. Warner (Va.), indicated the committee was also planning on a second audience with Kushner.Jared Kushner, Trump s son-in-law, is being scrutinized as well, along with Manafort and Don Jr., over their interactions with Russians, most of which have been revealed recently. Kushner had to update the list of foreign contacts on his disclosure form   which he needed to submit to get security clearance   three times. He added more than 100 people to it. Apparently, Kushner has a very bad memory.Kushner, Manafort and Trump Jr. will also be asked about their meeting at Trump Tower in June of 2016 in which they met with a Kremlin-connected lawyer in order to obtain damaging information on Hillary Clinton to help his father win the election.The number of people present at the meeting keeps increasing, which totally doesn t seem suspicious at all. Don Jr. said it was a conversation about adoption, but according to the emails Trump s son released on Twitter, there was no mention of that. Instead, it mentioned getting dirt on Clinton.The 8th person in that secret Russian meeting with Trump Jr. has been identified as Irakly Kaveladeze. He s a bit of a shady character who was once the subject of a congressional inquiry into money laundering. Kaveladeze was accused of being involved in a massive effort, in a ten year period, to launder $1.4 billion of Russian and Eastern European money through U.S. banks.Like Trump has said about his Russian scandal, Kaveladeze called his money laundering scandal a  witch hunt. Trump has repeatedly called the Russia scandal  fake news  and so has Don Jr. We re wondering if under questioning as he stands in front of the panel, Junior will yell out,  Fake panel!  Because this isn t Twitter anymore. This is real life. Tick tock.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",0
811," Trump Indicates WH Previously Lied, Second Secret Putin Meeting Was ‘More Than Small Talk’","Whenever the White House puts out a statement regarding Donald Trump, you can be sure of one thing: it s just a matter of time until Trump himself contradicts that statement. Over and over, Trump has thrown his spokespeople under the bus as he publicly says the opposite of what his surrogates have told the public. And he just did it again.According to the White House, Trump s second meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin was merely  a brief conversation at the end of a dinner, nothing more than a perfectly innocent exchange of  pleasantries and small talk.  True to form, Trump blew this cover to smithereens shortly after the statement was made and revealed that the private meeting, which officials say lasted  more than an hour,  was actually a discussion about policy.Here is what Trump had to say to the New York Times about his second meeting with Putin:She [Melania Trump] was sitting next to Putin and somebody else, and that s the way it is. So the meal was going, and toward dessert I went down just to say hello to Melania, and while I was there I said hello to Putin. Really, pleasantries more than anything else. It was not a long conversation, but it was, you know, could be 15 minutes. Just talked about   things. Actually, it was very interesting, we talked about adoption.We talked about Russian adoption. Yeah. I always found that interesting. Because, you know, he ended that years ago. And I actually talked about Russian adoption with him, which is interesting because it was a part of the conversation that Don [Jr., Mr. Trump s son] had in that meeting.And here s the problem with what he said. The whole topic of Russian adoption is far from just being casual small talk. Putin got mad when President Obama implemented the Magnitsky Act in 2012, which was meant to punish Russia for their blatant human rights violations. In retaliation, Putin banned the adoption of Russian children by U.S. citizens.So, by stating that he and Putin discussed Russian adoptions, Trump just inadvertently admitted that he discussed official policy in a private meeting with a foreign adversary. Whoops. This puts the U.S. government at a significant disadvantage because we have no record of what transpired conversationally between the president and Putin, former NATO commander James Stavridis explained.Yet again, Trump has chosen Russia and Putin over the American people. Sad.Featured image via Michael Reynolds   Pool/Getty Images",0
812," Mueller Just Told Trump To F*ck Off With His Threats, Expands Probe To Trump Family Finances","On Wednesday, Donald Trump warned the special counsel investigating the Russia scandal not to look into his business or personal finances and that s exactly like saying,  Hey, Special Counsel Robert Mueller, look into my finances!  Well, that s just what happened. It s like after robbing a bank and the police stop you for running a red light, so you say,  Don t look in the trunk! So, as part of the probe into possible ties between the Donald Trump campaign and Russia in the 2016 presidential election, the Special Counsel is now is examining a broad range of transactions involving Trump s businesses as well as those of his associates, according to what a person familiar with the probe told Bloomberg.FBI investigators and others are looking at Russian purchases of apartments in Trump buildings, Trump s involvement in a controversial SoHo development in New York with Russian associates, the 2013 Miss Universe pageant in Moscow and Trump s sale of a Florida mansion to a Russian oligarch in 2008, the person said.The Trump Crime Family and Associates look like they re in deep sh*t:The investigation also has absorbed a money-laundering probe begun by federal prosecutors in New York into Trump s former campaign chairman Paul Manafort.Trump s lawyer, John Dowd, said on Thursday that the inquiry into Trump s businesses is  unrelated  to last year s election. Those transactions are in my view well beyond the mandate of the Special counsel; are unrelated to the election of 2016 or any alleged collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia and most importantly, are well beyond any Statute of Limitation imposed by the United States Code,  he stated in an email.We disagree! There s a saying which goes like this:  Follow the money  and apparently, Mueller has heard that wise quote before. There s a way that Trump could clear this all up. It would require the sitting  president  to release his tax returns, you know, like all of his predecessors have done.By the way, if Trump s resort in Florida mysteriously catches fire and he says,  Don t look in the garage for propellant  then I m pretty sure they will look into the garage. Nevertheless, Trump didn t see this coming. Somehow.Photo by Ann Heisenfelt/Getty Images",0
813, Wife Of The Japanese PM Epically Trolled Trump At G20,"Amateur president Donald Trump left his chair at a post-G-20 summit dinner to walk over and meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin for a second time, but that s another story in itself which has raised eyebrows. The former reality show star was initially seated next to Japanese First Lady Akie Abe. Ms. Abe did not speak to Trump for two hours, according to the alleged president who gave an interview with the New York Times, a paper which he has repeatedly said was  failing. So, I was seated next to the wife of Prime Minister Abe [Shinzo Abe of Japan], who I think is a terrific guy, and she s a terrific woman, but doesn t speak English,  Trump told Maggie Haberman of the Times in the exclusive interview. Like, nothing, right?  Haberman asked.  Like zero? Trump explained that Japan s First Lady didn t even say hello to him. Like, not  hello,  Trump told the reporter. That must make for an awkward seating,  Haberman said.Trump said,  Well, it s hard, because you know, you re sitting there for Hours,  the reporter said. So the dinner was probably an hour and 45 minutes,  Trump added. I was sitting next to the president of Argentina   his wife   [Mauricio] Macri   nice woman, who speaks English. And the prime minister of Japan s wife, Prime Minister Abe. Great relationships,  Trump continued.  So I m sitting there. There was one interpreter for Japanese,  cause otherwise, it would have been even tougher. But I enjoyed the evening with her, and she s really a lovely woman, and I enjoyed   the whole thing was good. But here s the thing: Japan s First Lady does speak English. In this clip from 2014, Abe reads a roughly 15-minute speech before finishing with a smile, and adding  Thank you very much. The Times  Tokyo bureau chief, Motoko Rich, tweeted that Trump s claim was  a false note. A false note here: Trump says that he sat next to Akie Abe at dinner & she speaks zero English: ""Like, not  hello.  https://t.co/1JHOiWBEAV  Motoko Rich (@motokorich) July 20, 2017Looks like the First Lady of Japan pretended not to speak English for nearly 2 hrs to avoid talking to Trump https://t.co/ee9LGHVlDo  Jessica Valenti (@JessicaValenti) July 20, 2017Mrs. Abe s English is better than Donald Trump s, a man who can t form a tweet without misspelling the simplest of words.Photo by Friedemann Vogel   Pool/Getty Images.",0
814," Trump Just Attacked The DOJ, Gets His A** Handed To Him By Sally Yates (TWEET)","Donald Trump dropped several shocking statements in his outrageous interview with The New York Times yesterday, and his comments about the Department of Justice were some of the worst parts of it.In the interview, Trump clearly stated that if he d known Attorney General Jeff Sessions was going to recuse himself from overseeing the Russian investigation, he never would have nominated the former Alabama senator. Trump also warned Special Counsel Robert Mueller against investigating his family s financial matters.These statements are shocking and extremely unpresidential, but unfortunately we ve come to expect this from Trump and his highly flawed administration. But one person, former acting Attorney General Sally Yates, isn t going to let this slide. Having experienced Trump s wrath firsthand when she was fired by him several months ago for getting in the way of the infamous Muslim travel ban, Yates has been an outspoken opponent of Trump and has been giving him hell ever since.In a brutal message posted on Twitter, Yates trashed Trump for attacking a  bedrock principle of our democracy  with his disrespectful comments about the Department of Justice. She wrote: POTUS attack on Russia recusal reveals yet again his violation of the essential independence of DOJ, a bedrock principle of our democracy. While Trump still seems to think he can fire everyone who poses a threat to him, Yates is the perfect example that just because Trump strips people of their power and positions, he can t get them to shut up and stop exposing him. Yates has become a highly respected figure after she was responsible for shutting down Trump s Muslim ban, and the American people play attention to what she says. If Trump thought he could make her fade into the background by taking away her job, Yates has just proved him very, VERY wrong.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla and Joe Raedle / Getty Images",0
815," 32 Million Uninsured, Premiums To Double If Obamacare Repealed But Not Replaced","A new report released by the Congressional Budget Office on Wednesday pointed out the problems with repealing the Affordable Care Act without replacing it, a move supported by President Trump, and the results are staggering. This is also the same President that has recently criticized the CBO s findings and argued that their reports are fallible, his general response when something doesn t show him in a good light.U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has called for a vote on a motion early next week that could lead to the idea of repealing Obamacare without a replacement system in place to be debated, a tactic he and Trump have sought after the revised Senate bill to replace the ACA was disapproved by at least four Republican SenatorsThe CBO examined the effect of repealing most of the health law without a replacement in their report and found that 17 million more people would be without insurance next year, reaching approximately 32 million people by 2026, 10 million more than what was projected under the Republican party s revised health care bill that didn t pass the House. At the same time, it s projected that the increases in premiums for those still with coverage would double and the average premiums for individuals purchased through exchanges or insurers would go up by about 25 percent next year compared to Obamacare, reaching approximately 50 percent in 2020. The repeal bill would also bring an immediate end to uninsured people paying a penalty for their lack of coverage, as well as ending funding for Medicaid further down the line.The report also came to the conclusion that insurers would leave the individual market due to the lack of penalties for the uninsured, mostly in anticipation of more high-cost customers and fewer enrolees. If this were to happen, roughly 50 percent of the nation would reside in areas with no insurers in the individual market by 2020, a number that would increase to around 75 percent by 2026, the result of less pressure on penalties and more on premiums.All we can hope for now is that the Senate will vote against a repeal of Obamacare without a replacement ready to go.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
816, Trump Gets Brutally Reminded Of The Sh*tty Way He Treated McCain After Releasing Pathetic Statement,"Donald Trump surely saw this response coming.After all, he hasn t exactly been very respectful of Senator John McCain in recent years.On Wednesday night, it was announced that McCain has a brain tumor. Almost instantly, a shocked nation delivered a wave of support for the Vietnam war hero.One particular message came from President Obama, who warned McCain s cancer that it picked a fight with the wrong man.McCain was captured by the Vietnamese after his plane was shot down in 1967. He would remain a prisoner of war until being released in 1973, but not before he suffered brutal torture at the hands of his captors, torture that would leave him unable to raise his hands above his head for the rest of his life.McCain s service to this country is irrefutable and he is undeniably a hero for what he went through.Not long after President Obama released a statement, Donald Trump released his own on Twitter, referring to McCain as a  fighter  and told him to  get well soon. Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. Get well soon. https://t.co/fONWVlmYyz  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 20, 2017Yeah, that didn t go down very well at all considering how Trump treated McCain during the 2016 campaign.Not long after declaring his candidacy, Trump attacked McCain and suggested that McCain is not a hero because he got captured. He s not a war hero,  Trump said of McCain.  He s a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren t captured. This remark came from a man who repeatedly dodged the draft during the war and spent his time spending money and sleeping around while McCain was being put through absolute hell.And that remark came back to haunt Trump as Twitter users wrecked him for daring to even speak about McCain after what he previously said about him.Took you long enough. Will you apologize for saying he s not a war hero now?  Thor Benson (@thor_benson) July 20, 2017John McCain is an American hero, yet Trump had the audacity to say  I like people who weren t captured  when he dodged the draft  Trump = Lame Duck (@williamlegate) July 20, 2017Remember when he was a POW in Hanoi but you couldn t go because your feet hurt?  Dan Wilbur (@DanWilbur) July 20, 2017John McCain is a man that you will never even come close to living up to  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) July 20, 2017pic.twitter.com/HfTaqnK4Ts  Paula Evert (@pvert1990) July 20, 2017You didn t respect the guy when he was a captured war hero, now you do? You need his vote you re a sad man. My heart goes out 2 McCain Fam  Dana Goldberg (@DGComedy) July 20, 2017He is so stupid he doesn t understand that getting captured and surviving is just one way to become a real war hero.  guyp (@jackflash59) July 20, 2017Unlike Trump, John McCain is a leader we can all respect.Featured image via screenshot",0
817, Trump Fans Scream That John McCain Should Die Because They’re All Terrible People (TWEETS),"Reaching an almost all-time low even by their own standards, Trump supporters have taken to Twitter to bash John McCain in the wake of the Republican Arizona Senator s announcement that he has a brain tumor.The 80-year-old senator s office made the announcement on Wednesday after doctors at the Mayo Clinic diagnosed an aggressive tumor called a glioblastoma following surgery to remove a blood clot above McCain s left eye last week. McCain has been away from the Senate this week as he recovers from the surgery and it is still unclear if or when he will return as he and his family weigh up treatment options, including chemotherapy and radiation.Former President Barack Obama took to Twitter earlier to send a powerful and heartfelt message to his opponent in the 2008 presidential election, despite the fact that McCain was a relentless critic of Obama s. Even President Trump came across as humble and respectful in his tweet regarding the Senator s health:Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. Get well soon. https://t.co/fONWVlmYyz  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 20, 2017Trump has been critical of McCain since his 2008 election defeat at the hands of Obama, stating I never liked him after that, because I don t like losers.  He also brought into question McCain s status as a war hero. He s not a war hero,  Trump said.  He s a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren t captured. Today, however, President Trump finally took the high road and put all of that behind him, but that doesn t mean that his very own supporters took the same approach to the unfortunate news of McCain s latest health setback. Instead, they flocked to Twitter to both celebrate and undermine anybody wishing the Senator well with some even referring to the story as  fake news : destination hell  pic.twitter.com/XaYtRqouZd  West is under siege (@ZKondos) July 20, 2017Have a good day of work tomorrow, and mccain the TRAITOR, can go straight to hell! FACT!!!  JT (@OSS1940) July 20, 2017But what if the person with brain cancer is a monster?  WilliamShat (@WillaimShat) July 20, 2017I have NO pity on a man that MURDERED Our Soldiers during Vietnam War, I have NO pity on a man that supporting euthanizing the elderly,etc  Hannah ChalkerMAGA (@chalkermaga) July 20, 2017Yo @Thomas1774Paine, fake brain tumor story and fake NYT Trump interview story   both within an hour of each other. You better get cracking  MakeUSA_Great (@MakeUSA_Great) July 20, 2017FUCK senjohnmccain!!! HE'S NO HERO. LET ME TELL YA A STORY. 1st look up the USS FORRESTAL. 2nd  https://t.co/BLhpEMMb9m  conservative???? (@Rng17582) July 20, 2017#NoPrayersFromMe I hope he finally resigns this is God's work I been praying for this exact punishment for many Rhinos don't fret over karma  Sharon Chavez (@sharonDay5) July 20, 2017John McCain got cancer in an organ I didn't know he possessed. I think a lot of people are shocked today.  Ethan Ralph (@TheRalphRetort) July 20, 2017The fact that so many Liberals are praising John McCain now that he's thankfully dying of cancer shows you how horrible of a person he was  Chicago Joe (@adudeinaplace2) July 20, 2017Fox says McCain has brain cancer. Can only hope this is not  fake news  West is under siege (@ZKondos) July 20, 2017.@SenJohnMcCain is a detestable man. Better he were never born at all. We can take some pleasure in the thought of him dying painfully.  Richard  ?Spencer (@RichardBSpencer) July 20, 2017And that is just scratching the surface. Disliking and not agreeing with a person or their policies is one thing, but reveling in the news that that person faces an excruciatingly painful demise is just a special kind of awful.Featured imaged via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
818, Obama Just Showed Trump How Real Presidents Treat Their Former Opponents,"Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) was diagnosed with brain cancer following a surgery to remove a two-inch blood clot from above his left eye. Amateur president Donald Trump has failed to deliver a message on his always-busy Twitter timeline, but former President Barack Obama did to show solidarity with the 80-year-old Senator. It is, after all, not a partisan issue to show you have a person s back when they need it most. To show that politics doesn t have to be bitter when someone s life might be on the line. Obama and McCain go way back to his first election. When a woman in the audience at a rally called Obama an  Arab,  McCain shut her down. In contrast, Donald Trump launched the birther conspiracy theory in order to delegitimize our country s first black president.President Obama tweeted,  John McCain is an American hero & one of the bravest fighters I ve ever known. Cancer doesn t know what it s up against. Give it hell, John. John McCain is an American hero & one of the bravest fighters I've ever known. Cancer doesn't know what it's up against. Give it hell, John.  Barack Obama (@BarackObama) July 20, 2017Obama s tweet has gone viral with over 373,000 likes so far. In 2015, Trump crossed the line with McCain, going where no person should go. He s not a war hero,  Trump said of McCain.  He was a war hero because he was captured. I like people who weren t captured. McCain, a former Navy pilot, spent approximately five-and-half years in a notorious North Vietnamese prison known as the  Hanoi Hilton,  where he was repeatedly tortured. John McCain spent two of those years in solitary confinement.Unfortunately, Donald Trump hasn t mentioned McCain s health yet. The former reality show star failed to contact former President Jimmy Carter after he collapsed on Thursday while working on a Habitat for Humanity home in Winnipeg, Canada. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau did call Carter, though, to wish him well. That s what leaders do. They lead by example.Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images.",0
819, Watch A GOP Member Of Science Committee Suffer Total Humiliation At Hand Of NASA Scientist,"It s no secret that Republicans seem to think that the movie Idiocracy is a documentary. They refuse to believe the scientific consensus that climate change is manmade and a big f*cking deal. Republicans actually think that higher education is bad and well, the rise in  flat earthers,  can t be a coincidence.Is it any surprise, then, that the Republican-led House Committee on Science, Space and Technology doesn t have a single scientist? That s not even the worst of it. They have as a ranking member Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-California), whose greatest hits include blaming prehistorical climate change on dinosaur farts.During a panel with real scientists, as opposed to those who play scientist in Congress, Rohrabacher even topped the dinosaur theory. In a discussion about Mars, in which a NASA scientist said there might have been life on Mars many, many years ago, Rohrabacher just had to ask: You have indicated that Mars   was totally different thousands of years ago. Is it possible that there was a civilization on Mars thousands of years ago? Source: SlateYeah, just a couple of things here. The NASA scientist was talking about microbial life, not anything resembling human life and we re talking billions of years, not thousands of years ago. Then again, it seems that most Christian Republicans think the earth is just 6,000 years old, so it s doubtful Rohrabacher can think in such vast terms.Kenneth Farley, who worked on the 2020 rover and Europa Clipper, and is a professor of geochemistry at the California Institute of Technology, somehow didn t lose his patience with Rohrabacher, and simply said: So, the evidence is that Mars was different billions of years ago   not thousands of years ago,  Farley said.  There is no evidence that I am aware of. Rohrabacher, presumably refusing to take  no  for an answer, asked,  would you rule that out? Harley said,  that is extremely unlikely. Here s the video:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
820," Trump Rips Sessions Over Russia, Says He Never Should Have Made Him AG (AUDIO)","Donald Trump is obsessed with the Russia investigation. He has a right to be; after all, this is the modern day  cancer on the presidency  that Richard Nixon was warned about, and we all know what happened there. However, Nixon knew how to keep his mouth shut, and Trump definitely doesn t.In a new interview with the New York Times, Trump rails against Attorney General Jeff Sessions regarding Sessions  decision to recuse himself from all things related to Russia. Of course, Sessions really had no choice after it was revealed that he lied to the Senate committee about his own meeting with the Russian Ambassador in order to get confirmed as Attorney General. That matters not to Trump, though. He says he would never have appointed Sessions had he known there would be a recusal. Trump told the Times: Jeff Sessions takes the job, gets into the job, recuses himself, which frankly I think is very unfair to the president. How do you take a job and then recuse yourself? If he would have recused himself before the job, I would have said,  Thanks, Jeff, but I m not going to take you.  It s extremely unfair   and that s a mild word   to the president. Here is audio of that clip:Newsflash, you 71-year-old toddler: It is not Jeff Sessions  job to engage in an investigation in which he has a clear conflict of interest. Further, had he done that with the intention of providing cover for you and your criminal family, he would be in legal trouble himself. Jeff Sessions is a lawyer, and he knew this. It seems that you literally expect your officials to risk losing law licenses or even going to jail over loyalty to you.This administration is literally cannibalistic. The second anyone does anything that is even perceived as being harmful to Trump, or  disloyal  as he likes to call it, they fall out of favor and Trump starts threatening them.I d be willing to bet that right about now, Sessions is wishing he had never helped get Trump elected, much less taken a job in his administration. In Donald Trump s world, the only person who is safe is Donald Trump himself.Featured image via Shawn Thew-Pool/Getty Images",0
821," BREAKING NEWS: John McCain Diagnosed With Serious Illness, Americans Stunned","John McCain, the Panama-born senior United States Senator from Arizona and former POW, was diagnosed with brain cancer following a surgery to remove a two-inch blood clot from above his left eye. McCain, who is 80, has battled cancer before, and his diagnosis has shocked and saddened his family and constituency.Cancer kills more than half a million Americans every year, and millions more battle cancer and survive. The Senator s battle against this deadly illness is a reminder of the fragility of human life, and of the importance of science, medical research, and healthcare coverage for the American people.Here s the statement released by his daughter on Twitter: Statement regarding my father @SenJohnMcCain: pic.twitter.com/SMte9Hkwkq  Meghan McCain (@MeghanMcCain) July 20, 2017Featured Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
822," Trump Campaign Manager Was In Debt To Shady Russian Interests, Obviously Compromised","Recently, there have been an avalanche of revelations regarding just how close Donald Trump s 2016 presidential campaign was to Russia. In the past couple of weeks, that story has centered on Donald Trump, Jr. and his meeting with a bunch of Russians in Trump Tower in an effort to get dirt on Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. Now, however, we turn our attentions more closely to another person who was in that meeting: Former Trump Campaign Manager Paul Manafort.According to the New York Times, Manafort could have been compromised by the Russians due to an amazing amount of money he owed them   to the tune of $17 million. This information comes via financial documents from Cyprus, a place for rich people to hide lots of money to avoid paying American taxes. According to those records   which have been verified   Manafort came by this debt when he was working for pro-Putin entities in Ukraine. He was apparently using shell companies to conduct business over there. Said companies owe Russian oligarchs a bunch of money, and they also owed said money during the time when Manafort was running Trump s campaign. The New York Times explains:The records, which include details for numerous loans, were certified as accurate by an accounting firm as of December 2015, several months before Mr. Manafort joined the Trump campaign, and were filed with Cyprus government authorities in 2016. The notion of indebtedness on the part of Mr. Manafort also aligns with assertions made in a court complaint filed in Virginia in 2015 by the Russian oligarch, Oleg V. Deripaska, who claimed Mr. Manafort and his partners owed him $19 million related to a failed investment in a Ukrainian cable television business.In other words, Paul Manafort is in deep sh*t with a some really dangerous Russians, and he was in that same kind of trouble while he was running an American presidential campaign. This revelation is just another in a long and complex line of Trump associates who somehow have ties to very dangerous Russians   some of which reach all the way up to the Kremlin and even Vladimir Putin himself.Make no mistake, folks   we have Russian agents in the White House. The Russians helped hand Donald Trump the presidency so that they could compromise him and those around him. It s dangerous for the nation and for the world, and we must make sure to elect a Congress in 2018 that will be a check on this corrupt administration full of Russian stooges.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
823," In White House Conference Call About Iran, Staffers Talked About Blowup Dolls","The contrast between the Obama White House and the Trump White House seems to grow more and more stark every single day. While you d struggle to find a real scandal during President Obama s entire two terms, it would be nearly impossible to count the number of scandals currently plaguing the Trump White House.More than that, though, it seems that the staff has given up trying to be professional. During a conference call on Monday, about one of the most pressing issues in international relations, Iran, staffers were heard in the background chatting about things like lesbian blowup dolls. I kid you not.Two reporters, Tara McKelvey of the BBC and Jackie Alemany of CBS both tweeted about the background chatter.During the briefing call on Iran, you could hear an ad in the background: a man seemed to be saying  inflatable dolls  and  a lesbian.  Tara McKelvey (@Tara_Mckelvey) July 18, 2017I may never know what was really said during that call or if I heard things wrong. But I ll certainly remember the sounds   and those words  Tara McKelvey (@Tara_Mckelvey) July 18, 2017Trump WH still struggles w conference calls. V weird OH comment from unmuted caller during Iran briefing:  My inflatable doll is a lesbian.  Jackie Alemany (@JaxAlemany) July 18, 2017This may be the first time Trump staffers were caught talking about sex dolls, but it s not the first time they were caught not taking advantage of the mute button. A conference call on the budget in May was described this way:As Mulvaney attempted to answer questions, open phone lines featuring a crying baby, an intermittent hacking cough, and patriotic hold-music quickly drowned him out. Some reporters eventually unmuted their phones, revolting with laughter and exclamations of disbelief over the line. There has to be a better system,  a reporter on the call complained over the tune of Yankee Doodle Dandy.Source: CBS NewsTrump has been at this for six months now. He brands himself as a great leader and he is extremely critical of the appearances of others (if not his own). The out of control conference calls are an easy thing to fix, yet his staff refuses. That s not leadership. That s chaos, which, if you think about it, is the perfect metaphor for everything Trump.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
824, Trump’s Department Of Justice Just Made A Move That’s Enraging Democrats AND Republicans,"Republicans and Democrats are upset over Attorney General Jeff Sessions  controversial plans to increase civil asset forfeiture. The Department of Justice is stepping up efforts to seize property and money suspected of being used in a crime or obtained through illegal activity. That whole  innocent until guilty  thing was just thrown out the window.Local officials would be able to pull the feds into an investigation in order to ease the process of seizing assets from criminal suspects, even if they are not charged with a crime. This would allow law enforcement to take property without proving a crime occurred.JUST IN: DOJ new asset forfeiture policy   police can seize property from people not charged w/crime even in states where it's been banned. pic.twitter.com/P8K0g80m4E  Paula Reid (@PaulaReidCBS) July 19, 2017Sessions issued an order that authorized,  federal adoption of all types of assets seized lawfully by state or local law enforcement under their respective state laws . . . whenever the conduct giving rise to the seizures violates federal law. This move is so bad that even Darrell Issa is against it. This is a troubling decision for the due process protections afforded to us under the Fourth Amendment as well as the growing consensus we ve seen nationwide on this issue,  Issa said, according to Politico.  Ramping up adoptive forfeitures would circumvent much of the progress state legislatures have made to curb forfeiture abuse and expand a loophole that s become a central point of contention nationwide. Criminals shouldn t be able to keep the proceeds of their crime, but innocent Americans shouldn t lose their right to due process, or their private property rights, in order to make that happen. Rep. Justin Amash weighed in calling it a move  backward. This policy takes us backward. Congress must step up to protect the property of Americans from a government that keeps stealing from them. https://t.co/62t4tKLZHz  Justin Amash (@justinamash) July 17, 2017Mike Less isn t happy about this either.JUST IN: DOJ new asset forfeiture policy   police can seize property from people not charged w/crime even in states where it's been banned. pic.twitter.com/P8K0g80m4E  Paula Reid (@PaulaReidCBS) July 19, 2017Conservatives are upset.This is awful. https://t.co/YpYJ8BTWW7  Instapundit.com (@instapundit) July 19, 2017How conservative. https://t.co/JeGb1j9gla  Stephen Miller (@redsteeze) July 19, 2017Small government and libertarian minded conservatives should be outraged by this. It's bad policy and bad principles. https://t.co/gyW8749ODJ  Rory Cooper (@rorycooper) July 19, 2017Civil asset forfeiture for people not charged with a crime is a Constitutional outrage. This is raw statism. https://t.co/7m312luBLc  Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) July 19, 2017Indefensible. Totally incompatible with a free society. License to turn law enforcement into Moscow traffic cops. https://t.co/WWlxXIKGDY  Seth Mandel (@SethAMandel) July 19, 201784 percent of Americans oppose civil asset forfeiture. Among those is Justice Clarence Thomas who delivered harsh criticism in March of the civil forfeiture system, expressing doubt over the constitutionality of the process in which police seize cash, cars and other property that they suspect have ties to crime without going through a criminal procedure, Forbes reported.This isn t a Democrats vs. conservatives partisan issue. In fact, it s one thing both sides oppose. But it s good for local law enforcement officials, who see it as a lifeline for cash-strapped agencies who can profit from the seizures.But congrats, Mr. Sessions, for getting both sides to agree on an important issue against you.Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images.",0
825, Co-Chair Of Trump’s Voter Fraud Commission Says Trump May Not Have Been Legitimately Elected (VIDEO),"The co-chair of Trump s voter fraud commission, set up to prove that Hillary Clinton didn t win the popular vote because of the  millions  of illegal votes he says were cast for his opponent, just inserted both feet in his mouth, grew a new foot, then shoved that one in the other available orifice on Wednesday when he admitted that Trump may not be our legitimate president. You know, we may never know the answer to that,  Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach told MSNBC s Katy Tur when asked whether he thought Clinton won the popular vote by 3 to 5 million votes. We will probably never know the answer to that question,  he said. In reality, Clinton only won by 2.87 million votes   but Kobach is a moron. How do you say we may never know the answer to that question?  Tur asked. Then things got really stupid: What I m saying is, let s suppose that the commission determined that there were a certain number of votes cast by ineligible voters. You still won t know whether those people who were ineligible voted for Trump or for Clinton or for somebody else.And so, it s impossible to ever know exactly, if you took out all the ineligible votes, what the final tally would be in that election. You can obviously, based on the data, you can make some very educated guesses. So are the votes for Donald Trump that led him to win the election in doubt as well?  Tur pressed. Absolutely,  replied Kobach.Voter fraud   especially in-person   is extremely rare, though a couple of Trump supporters have been caught illegally voting multiple times after he told them people would illegally vote for Hillary Clinton.In other words, the system works and people who try to vote illegally do get caught. The integrity of the voting systems themselves, however, could be questioned as Russian agents provably hacked our electoral system in 39 states.Is Donald Trump the legitimate President? The answer is that  he s an idiot  until we know the full extent of Russian attacks on our election.Watch the interview below:",0
826, Here Are 12 Tweets Trump DEFINITELY Regrets Sending,"As you are probably aware, Donald Trump loves to tweet. He loves it more than he loves Vladimir Putin which, according to him, is a lot.While Trump doesn t publicly express regret   ever   he probably has had second thoughts about at least some of his tweets   like this one about leadership.Leadership: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 8, 2013After Trumpcare once again failed to happen because Republicans couldn t come up with a workable plan if it saved their lives (like Obamacare has for so many), Trump said he was just going to let the Affordable Care Act fail.  I m not going to own it,  he pronounced.He also used to criticize Republicans for trying to gut Medicaid and Social Security.The Republicans who want to cut SS & Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 11, 2015These days, Trump is all about doing exactly those things.Trump probably also isn t too fond of the fact that he sent out this tweet criticizing President Obama for  allegedly failing to accomplish things and stuff. After all, he had  full control  for two years.  He can never take responsibility,  Trump said at the time.Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 26, 2012Now, almost five years later, he is desperately avoiding taking responsibility for his own failures despite having complete control.Speaking of control, Trump criticized Obama s alleged weakness with regard to Russia of all places in 2014.Putin has shown the world what happens when America has weak leaders. Peace Through Strength!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 28, 2014Now, he s rubbing Vladimir Putin s back in public and engaging in long intimate meetings his own wife can t break up. But he s tough on Russia. Totally tough. I mean, it s not like he s ever publicly fantasized about Vladimir Putin being his bestie or anything Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow   if so, will he become my new best friend?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 19, 2013Oh.Then, of course, there s this one. Trump is going out of his way to destroy our relationships with various world leaders and is currently pushing us into a war with North Korea, an ally of both Russia and China:Be prepared, there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 31, 2013At one point, speaking of Obama s non-scandals often promoted by Fox News, Breitbart, and Trump s other trusted media sources, Trump posed the question:  Can we handle another  scandal in D.C.I wonder what the next scandal will be in D.C.? Can we handle yet another?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 16, 2013Now, his administration is plagued by numerous actual scandals (usually involving Russia) often reported by the  FAKE NEWS  (sources he doesn t like) media like, um, CNN Great move by CNN if they sign Jeff Zucker. He was responsible for me and The Apprentice on NBC became #1 show!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 29, 2012Boy, that one is probably embarrassing for him given his numerous attacks on the Fraud News Network or whatever he s calling CNN these days.One of those FAKE NEWS stories he complains about is that he spends a lot of time playing golf   something he used to complain about the President doing.We pay for Obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies. Then we pay for his golf.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 14, 2014Now, we spend millions so he can go golfing at his own properties on a regular basis.Trump also used to complain that Obama wouldn t release his records to the public   specifically, his birth certificate and college records to prove he wasn t born in Kenya (a lie The Donald used to push).Obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the American public. He can't.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 6, 2012We can t even get The Donald to release his taxes, something every other presidential candidate (and indeed President) in recent history has done.Trump is crazy and incompetent   someone most of the world thinks should not be in charge of our nuclear arsenal. Embarrassingly, Trump agrees. Well, he agreed when the leader in question was not him.The global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by NUCLEAR WEAPONS in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 8, 2014But at least Mr. 45 is with the rest of us when it comes to the need for a leader who isn t laughed at by the entire world, someone who is  truly great  and knows how to win.We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. Respect!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 9, 2014 Someone entirely unlike him.Featured image via Getty Images",0
827, Rupert Murdoch Told Roger Ailes To Help Elect ‘Anyone But Trump’ – ‘Even Hillary’ (DETAILS),"A new report has just revealed that Fox News patriarch Rupert Murdoch was so horrified by the idea of Donald Trump becoming president that he instructed former CEO Roger Ailes to do all he could to swing the election in favor of  anyone but Trump     even Hillary. The revelation came during an interview with Ailes that took place before his death, which was recently published in Hollywood Reporter to mark the one-year anniversary of Ailes  firing from the network due to his long history sexual harassment.Michael Wolff reports the following in the Hollywood Reporter article, published on Wednesday:It was Ailes  tacit support of Trump that, in part, made his removal from Fox all the more urgent for the Murdochs. And it was not just the liberal sons who were agitated by Ailes  regard for Trump, but also the father, whose tabloid, the New York Post, helped create Trump, but who found him now, with great snobbery, not of  our  conservative class. ( When is Donald Trump going to stop embarrassing his friends, let alone the whole country?  Murdoch senior tweeted the day after Trump officially declared himself a candidate.) Murdoch instructed Ailes to tilt to anyone but Trump, Ailes confided to me before he was fired, even Hillary. (Ailes, for his part, characterized Murdoch s periodic efforts at interference as similar to Nixon s instructions to bomb this or that country   best ignored.)Wolff s report also reveals that after Trump s surprise win on election night, Murdoch had no choice but to fall in line and kiss Trump s a**.After the election, a confounded Murdoch had to call on his ex-wife Wendi s friends, Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner, to broker a rapprochement with the disreputable Donald. Now, to Trump s great satisfaction, a humbled Murdoch is a constant caller.Republicans have all done the same as Murdoch. Even those  Never Trumpers  who openly opposed him throughout his campaign have all silently accepted their fate since his win. And it seems that no matter what he does now, even cozying up to Putin as the Russia scandal continues to heat up, conservatives still can t seem to find the guts to kick his orange derriere out of the White House.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
828, Donald Trump Is Clearly Panicking; Avoiding The People Who Voted For Him,"Donald Trump s presidency is spiraling out of control and Dear Leader appears to be holed up in the White House, avoiding even the people who still support him.Immediately following his return from the G20 summit in Europe this month, even his daily schedule went completely blank as he retreated behind the walls of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. Trump has at least added some daily events to his schedule in recent days, but he s not venturing outside.It was Vice President Mike Pence   not Trump   who left the White House Tuesday and spoke publicly and at length about the Republicans  health care bill in the wake of its Senate collapse, not Trump. Unlike Trump, Pence has been maintaining a very public profile in recent days.Source: Share BlueIn the last month, when Trump wasn t leaving the country, pretty much the only reason he left the White House was to go play golf or to watch golf, which he did on June 24, 25, and 30, as well as July 1, 2, 3, 4, 9, 14, 15, and 16. Outside of playing golf or promoting his own business properties, however, Trump is clearly in hiding.To be fair, Trump isn t completely MIA. He did a photo op in a firetruck (just like a big boy) on Monday and he s spent a lot of time on his golf course. But when it comes to using his legendary (in his own mind) negotiating skills to help save the repeal and replacement of Obamacare (one of his top campaign promises), the Deal Artist offered little to nothing.While this is pretty much unprecedented, it signals something major is happening within the White House. Since taking office, he s soothed his fragile ego by holding campaign style rallies in front of fawning fans. The last one he held, which was his last state-side public appearance, was nearly a month ago. While the fans still exist, Trump is even avoiding them. Instead, he s presumably seeking comfort in Kentucky Fried Chicken and chocolate cake in front of an increasingly incredulous Fox News.This isn t particularly surprising. Trump has a difficult time in situations that don t offer him adulation. He refuses to make a state visit to the UK until Prime Minister Theresa May can guarantee the nearly universally despised America leader a warm reception.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
829," Less Than Half Of Trump Voters Believe Donald Jr. Met Russian Lawyer, Despite Admitting It","According to the results from a recent survey by Public Policy Polling, only 45 percent of Donald Trump voters polled wholeheartedly believe that Donald Trump Jr. met with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya, despite the fact that the U.S. President s eldest son has openly admitted doing so.President Trump s alleged collusion with Russia has been one of the main stories doing the rounds since before his inauguration, but more fuel was added to the fire when the New York Times broke the news at the beginning of the month of Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with Veselnitskaya, a Russian lawyer with ties to Russian leader Vladimir Putin, and six others in an effort to obtain damaging information about his father s campaign rival, Hillary Clinton, back in June 2016.Donald Trump Jr. has since admitted that the meeting took place and has even given details of the attendees, including former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and Trump s son-in-law and now-senior adviser, Jared Kushner, however, many Trump voters aren t so sure.Despite these admissions from the man himself, 32 percent of the Trump voters surveyed believe that the meetings didn t happen at all and a further 24 percent weren t entirely sure. To make matters even worse, 72 percent believed the whole story about Russia meddling in last years presidential election to be  fake news,  while only 14 percent disagreed entirely with that notion.Some other points of interest that came from the results of the Trump voters surveyed:But it isn t all bad news. The very same survey showed that only 41 percent of his surveyed voters approve of the job he s doing, whereas 55 percent don t. To make matters worse, just 37 percent of his voters consider Trump to be honest, but 57 percent say he isn t, and 52 percent call him an outright liar, while only 40 percent disagree with that label being used to describe the President. So there is hope.Featured image via Jeff Vinnick/Getty Images",0
830, Trump Throws Colossal Tantrum After America Finds Out About Secret Meeting With Putin (TWEETS),"Donald Trump has been exposed once again, and he s having a full blown meltdown because of it.Apparently, meeting with Russian leader Vladimir Putin for several hours during the G-20 summit wasn t enough, because it s just been discovered that Trump and Putin had another secret meeting, which the Trump administration did not disclose to the public.Once the media reported the secret meeting (which was later confirmed by the White House), Trump went into one of his Twitter tantrums and cried  fake news . Trump claimed that other world leaders had been invited and that the media had been well aware of the meeting.Trump apparently still doesn t understand that now that he s President of the United States, nothing in his life is private anymore. The president and his administration are expected to be transparent with the American people, and they ve truly incriminated themselves by failing to disclose this meeting. We can all assume that if this news hadn t come out, the Trump administration never would have disclosed it.Trump obviously doesn t think that having (and then hiding) a private meeting with the foreign leader who meddled in his country s election looks shady. It s hilarious that Trump referred to these reports as  fake news , only to have his own administration confirm that the meeting took place. Even Trump himself confirmed it in his tweets by talking about the other people that joined him and Putin!As Trump s meltdown over his Russia meeting continues, his focus and attention on negotiating a health care bill with Senate Republicans will be greatly compromised. This is a great example of why Trump hasn t been able to get anything done after several months of being in the White House. It also proves that the more Trump denies something, the more it s likely to be true!Featured image is a screenshot",0
831, The Eighth Person In Trump Tower Meeting Is Linked To Money Laundering,"The story of Donald Trump Jr. s 2016 meeting with a Russian lawyer capable of providing damning information against his father s then presidential campaign running mate, Hillary Clinton, appears to be an ever changing one. News broke last week that there was an eighth person involved, Irakly Kaveladze, whose presence was confirmed by a lawyer for Aras Agalarov.The meeting is a story that is a little hard to keep track of so let s do a role call of the other seven attendees first   The meeting was arranged by Donald Trump Jr. as the main representative for his father with Natalia Veselnitskaya, the Russian lawyer with the dirt on Hillary. Also present was President Trump s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, and then-chair of the Trump campaign, Paul Manafort, both of whom were there at the request of Trump Jr, seemingly to make the meeting appear more serious. Then there was Rob Goldstone, a British publicist who contacted the Trumps on behalf of the Agalarovs, the Russian Oligarchs with ties to Vladimir Putin and a Trump family friend, who set up the session in the first place. Also present was Rinat Akhmetshin, a Russian-American lobbyist who, by his own admission, worked as a military counterintelligence officer for the former Soviet Union and had also bragged about how easily he could coordinate an email hacking campaign, and Anatoli Samochornov, a former State Department staffer who was there solely to translate.Which brings us to Irakly Kaveladze, a 52-year-old born in the Soviet Republic of Georgia who immigrated to the US in 1991. Also known as  Ike,  Kaveladze was the eighth person present during the meeting and this is where things get truly interesting, as Kaveladze was once the main focal point of a congressional money-laundering probe. On his personal website, Kaveladze refers to himself as the vice president of Agalarov s Moscow-based real estate company, Crocus Group. His LinkedIn profile has him living in the Russian Federation, however, public records show he is linked to New Jersey-based businesses.Kaveladze is listed in business filings as founder of the IBC Group, based at 333 Sylvan Ave. in Englewood Cliffs, in a completely empty suite with unopened mail by the door. That exact New Jersey address is also shared with several shell companies connected to Aras Agalarov, one of which is Saffron Property Management, which Agalarov reportedly used to purchase an $11 million condominium last year in Florida. The other companies that share the Sylvan Ave. address include CI Publishing, PB Consulting, Russian Art Mall and a company called RJI Properties, run by two childhood friends of Agalarov s son, Emin. For some strange reason, RJI s Instagram account links to Emin s sister s real estate profile.Another thing his own webpage and LinkedIn profile both fail to mention is Kaveladze s alleged role in laundering $1.4 billion during the mid-1990s. In November, 2000, Kaveladze was named in news stories after a report on Russian money laundering through U.S. financial institutions was issued by the General Accounting Office. According to the congressional inquiry, Kaveladze formed 2,000 corporations for Russian brokers through his company which was called International Business Creations at the time. These corporations were then used to help steer more than $1.4 billion in wire transactions through U.S. banks.The story of Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with Russian lawyers may have been compelling when the story first broke, but this is only the beginning.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
832, Are Trump Supporters Too Dumb To Know They’re Dumb? Science Says “Probably”,"How the hell can anybody call themselves intelligent when they re supporting Donald Trump? It s a question that baffles people who are able to think critically, able to read and comprehend both history and current events, and able to see through Trump s thin fa ade of know-it-all-ism and deep into what he is   an ignorant, narcissistic, and dangerous conman.Trump supporters not only don t see this, they re happy that there s someone running for president that thinks exactly like them. Take Melanie Austin, of Brownsville, Pennsylvania. She thought her beliefs about Obama being a gay Muslim from Kenya and Michelle being transgender were just fringe beliefs   right up until she started hearing similar stuff from Trump and other right-wing extremists.Now she knows she s right about all of this. You can t tell her that she s ignorant and dumb if she can t figure this out for herself. You can t tell her she s delusional. You can sit there with her, and countless others like her, and present facts, figures, charts, studies, and more, all from the most reputable sources there are, and prove that her lord and savior is wrong, and you ll still get shot down.There s more to this than the problem of confirmation bias. Austin gets much of her information from fringe right-wing blogs and conspiracy sites, but that s not all of it. Many of Trump s supporters are seriously too dumb to know they re dumb. It s called the Dunning-Kruger effect, and it s an unshakeable illusion that you re much smarter, and more skilled and/or knowledgeable, than you really are.People like Austin labor under the illusion that their knowledge about things is at least as good as, if not better than, the actual facts. For these people, though, their knowledge isn t just superior   it s superior even to those who have intimate and detailed knowledge of the subject at hand. Trump himself has exemplified this countless times, such as when he claimed he knows more about ISIS than even our military generals do.His fans simply take his word for it, and believe that because he knows, they know. They are literally incapable of seeing that they don t know.To be sure, the Dunning-Kruger effect is present everyone all across the political spectrum, and indeed, in every walk of life. We all overestimate our abilities and knowledge somewhere. However, the effect is especially pronounced in people with limited intellectual and social skills: [P]eople who are unskilled in [intellectual and social domains] suffer a dual burden: Not only do these people reach erroneous conclusions and make unfortunate choices, but their incompetence robs them of the metacognitive ability to realize it. So basically, yes, it s possible to be too dumb to realize you re dumb.In four separate studies, people who scored in the bottom quarter on tests involving everything from humor to logic, and even to grammar, grossly overestimated where they thought they would score. They averaged scores in the 12th percentile, while their average estimate of their own scores was the 62nd percentile.The researchers attribute that huge discrepancy to a literal inability to distinguish accuracy from error. Or, to put it another way, those who are the most lacking in skills and knowledge are the least able to see it.Take the case of McArthur Wheeler, a man who robbed two banks in 1995 and was caught rather easily. He thought he would get away with it because he rubbed his face with lemon juice, which is used in invisible ink. To test the theory that lemon juice would turn him invisible, he rubbed it on his face, took a Polaroid, and his face wasn t in the picture! So he thought he was safe from security cameras because he could make his face invisible.He was shocked when police caught him because of that, saying,  But I wore the juice.  He literally couldn t see the ridiculousness of that line of thought. David Dunning, one of the first to catalog the Dunning-Kruger effect (hence its name), has studied human behavior including voter behavior for decades. He penned an op-ed in Politico that explains why this effect is so pronounced in Trump s supporters: It suggests that some voters, especially those facing significant distress in their life, might like some of what they hear from Trump, but they do not know enough to hold him accountable for the serious gaffes he makes. They fail to recognize those gaffes as missteps.  Again, the key to the Dunning-Kruger Effect is not that unknowledgeable voters are uninformed; it is that they are often misinformed their heads filled with false data, facts and theories that can lead to misguided conclusions held with tenacious confidence and extreme partisanship, perhaps some that make them nod in agreement with Trump at his rallies. Trump is completely inept, and his supporters are way too poorly-informed to know that he s inept, and too dumb themselves to know how dumb they are. That s why Trump s supporters are so sure they re smart and their president is smart that they won t listen to reason. The effect is strong in these people.Featured image by Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
833, Trump And Putin Had A Secret Meeting After Their ‘Official’ One,"Donald Trump said after his official meeting with Vladimir Putin at the G- 19  Summit that the two  get along very, very well.  They got on so well, in fact, that Melania Trump was sent by staffers to break up the meeting (which ran almost two hours longer than normal) and failed miserably.After that meeting, Putin and Trump decided to make things a bit more intimate and met alone with only a translator   a Russian one, which is a gigantic violation of national security protocol.The second meeting reportedly lasted about an hour and was previously not mentioned at all by the administration. Never in my life as a political scientist have I seen two countries  major countries  with a constellation of national interests that are as dissonant, while the two leaders seem to be doing everything possible to make nice and be close to each other,  Ian Bremmer, president of the Eurasia Group, says of Trump and Putin s interactions, noting that the bromance is clearly his best personal relationship  with a G-20 leader.What was discussed at the second, secret, meeting? We really have no way of knowing. Trump made sure that no Americans were present   just himself, Putin, and someone else who is loyal to Putin.Featured image via Getty Images",0
834," Trump’s White House Decides War Crimes Don’t Matter, Shuts Accountability Office Down","Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, America s top diplomat, has wanted to do a bit of reorganizing in the State Department for quite some time now in order to focus on top priorities, such as finding new economic opportunities for American businesses and strengthening the US military prowess. Now it looks like he is going to achieve his goal, just at the expense of programs to promote human rights and fight world poverty.Tillerson is apparently closing the Office of Global Criminal Justice, reassigning Todd Buchwald, the office s special coordinator since December, 2015, and a career State Department lawyer, to a position in the State Department s office of legal affairs. Buchwald was also informed that the other staff members may possibly be shifted to the State Department s Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor.The State Department has neither confirmed nor denied the move. The State Department is currently undergoing an employee-led redesign initiative, and there are no predetermined outcomes,  a spokesperson said, later emphasizing, We are not going to get ahead of any outcomes. One person who clearly doesn t approve of the possible shuttering of the office is David Scheffer, a professor at Northwestern University s Pritzker School of Law, who also served as the first U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for War Crimes Issues. This is a very harsh signal to the rest of the world that the United States is essentially downgrading the importance of accountability for the commission of atrocity crimes,  Scheffer said. This sends a strong signal to perpetrators of mass atrocities that the United States is not watching you anymore. The Office Of Global Criminal Justice was first established by former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright in 1997 to raise the importance of confronting mass murder in U.S. foreign policy, largely in response to the genocides in Bosnia and Rwanda, creating the post of Ambassador-at-Large for War Crimes Issues along the way. Over the following two decades, the office joined forces with several international criminal courts in an attempt to bring justice, not only to Rwanda and the former Yugoslavia, but also to Cambodia and the Central African Republic. Furthermore, the office lobbied for greater U.S. support for the International Criminal Court (ICC).The office also tried to raise the level of awareness of the importance of supporting the prosecution of mass murderers all around the globe, from Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, even helping to run a special rewards fund for information leading to the apprehension of war criminals.But sadly, it seems like that s all in the past now.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
835, WATCH: Mitch McConnell Gets His A** Handed To Him For Whining On The Senate Floor Because Democrats Don’t Support Trumpcare,"Mitch McConnell pretended to care about the American people on Tuesday as he blamed Democrats for his own party s failure to pass Trumpcare.Seriously. He actually had the gall to accuse Democrats of not caring about people even though the  repeal and replace  bill his party tried to pass would have stripped healthcare away from millions of Americans and would have gutted Medicaid all while erasing the protections provided by the Affordable Care Act. He even made the outrageous claim that Republicans reached out to Democrats to work with them on the bill. I imagine many Democrats were celebrating last night,  McConnell said during a speech on the Senate floor.  I hope they consider what they re celebrating. The American people are hurting, they need relief, and it s regretful that our Democratic colleagues decided early on that they did not want to engage with us seriously in the process to deliver that relief. These are not just numbers on a page these are real people,  he continued.Except that Republicans never asked Democrats to work with them. Republicans wrote the destructive bill all by themselves and they demanded that Democrats vote blindly in favor of it.As we all know, Democrats told Republicans to go f*ck themselves. And even some Republicans refused to support the bill because it was that bad. Many Republicans faced massive opposition from their own constituents at town halls over the bill.And if Republicans really cared about  real people,  they would have drafted a bill that doesn t kick over 20 million real people off of their health insurance. It s that simple.But McConnell wants to blame Democrats and pretend that his party cares about people. That doesn t jive considering that Republicans tried killing Obamacare mostly because they wanted to give a fat tax gift to the wealthy at the expense of  real people  who would not be able to afford healthcare without Obamacare. I regret that the effort to immediately repeal and replace Obamacare will not be successful,  McConnell said.  That doesn t mean we should give up. We will now try a different way to bring the American people relief from Obamacare. That plan is not exactly  different  either. It s a 2015 GOP plan that would make premiums skyrocket and strip healthcare from even MORE Americans.Here s the video via YouTube.Twitter users were quick to take McConnell to the woodshed.I just listened to you blaming #Democrats for this. #Liar. You drafted your bill behind closed doors & excluded Dems. This is on @SenateGOP.  TheNextPhoenix (@TheNextPhoenix) July 18, 2017Retire, bitch.  Matt Bush (@ItsMattBush) July 18, 2017What do you have against the average, normal, wage earning American? Why must you do everything in your power to weaken and hurt us?  Jay Hova (@JHova_83) July 18, 2017pic.twitter.com/pd4FvU4ZY5  Crutnacker (@Crutnacker) July 18, 2017So repeal and do nothing?! What cowardice  Walter Pepper (@WaldoPepper17) July 18, 2017Maybe you need to get your eyes checked because you re not seeing all the Americans at their senators offices protesting a repeal.  AMERICAN WOMAN (@valentineomine) July 18, 2017The Healthcare Bill has failed @SenateMajLdr #TrumpRussia pic.twitter.com/grGnALJdgX  Bhaktin (@BhaktinJai) July 18, 2017Featured Image: Screenshot",0
836, RNC Official Retweets Article Calling For Sen. John McCain to ‘F*cking Die Already’,"Just imagine the deafening outrage from conservatives if a Democrat shared an article calling for the death of Sen. John McCain. The 80-year-old Republican Senator is recovering from brain surgery after a 2-inch blood clot was found over his left eye. A Nevada official tried to explain why she shared an article which literally calls for McCain s death in which she added  Amen  to the now-deleted tweet.Diana Orrock, the Republican national committeewoman for Nevada, shared the article on Monday which called for Sen. John McCain s death over his hawkish foreign policy views, CNN reports. Amen,  Orrock wrote in the tweet from a post on Medium titled  Please Just F***ing Die Already. The tweet was deleted but the Internet is forever.Orrock told CNN that she was not a  big fan  of McCain s approach to foreign policy, then she went on to deny that she wanted the Senator to die. To my knowledge,  die  still means  die  but she denied her intentions.Orrock said she was simply agreeing with the  sentiments  of the article, even though the author of the post explicitly called for McCain s death.At one point in the article, it states,  If you re waiting for the part where I say I m just kidding and would never wish death on anybody, please allow me to make myself clear: I sincerely, genuinely hope that Arizona Senator John McCain s heart stops beating, and that he is subsequently declared dead by qualified medical professionals very soon. Nevertheless, Orrock claimed repeatedly claimed that she just did not want McCain to be in the Senate, and then said people were reading  things into things. People are going to read things into things,  Orrock said of her sharing the article calling for McCain s death.Diana, when you say  Amen  to a post literally calling for someone s death, that means you support that.Orrock has served as the Nevada committeewoman for the RNC since 2012 and she supported Donald Trump s campaign in 2016. As national committeewoman, I am supposed to keep my personal beliefs to myself, but I have never been a party-over-principles type of person,  she said of then-Rep. Joe Heck, who was running for the Senate and did not back Trump after the Access Hollywood tape was released.  I have always been a principles-over-party individual,  she said at the time.While we disagree with McCain over some of his politics, we wish him a speedy recovery. He served this country in the military and in office. We can disagree without wanting people to die. It s a simple concept.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
837, Trump Whines Pathetically On Twitter Because His Crazy ‘Healthcare’ Bill Is Dead In The Water,"Well, it seems that despite the efforts of notoriously crafty Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, the GOP s massive tax cut for the rich healthcare bill is dead for now. Senator John McCain (R-AZ)  is out for emergency surgery   we wish him well, of course    and Senator Susan Collins (R-ME) and Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) were already hard  NO!  votes. Then, late Monday night, Senators Mike Lee (R-UT) and Jerry Moran (R-KS) came out against the bill as well. Each Senator had his or her own reasons for opposing McConnell, but those reasons matter not for now. The votes to pass this disastrous piece of legislation simply are not there.Of course, upon hearing that he was, once again about to be humiliated on one of his signature campaign promises, Donald Trump took to Twitter to fume about the bill s failure in the Senate. He tweeted that he wants to simply repeal the Affordable Care Act now and rip healthcare away from millions. He also said the unthinkable in this hyper-partisan environment: Work with Democrats. Here is his tweet:Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now & work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 18, 2017Now, we all know that McConnell knows that Trump is a fool, and he will likely not heed anything Trump has to say. But this just goes to show two things: 1) Republicans cannot govern their way out of a paper bag, even when they control the entire government, and 2) Trump, once again, shows poor impulse control on Twitter, as well as a woefully inept understanding of the workings on the legislative branch of the government he now supposedly runs.Either way, these tweets are whiny, pathetic, and like something you d see from a child. Oh well. Elect a child, expect tantrums.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
838, The GOP’s Efforts To Kill Millions Through Trumpcare Might Finally Be Dead,"For months now, the Republicans have been doing all they can to ram through a disastrous   even deadly   massive tax cut for rich people healthcare bill. Finally, the Senate had come up with a version that looked like it might pass   but then moderate Senator Susan Collins (R-Maine) and Libertarian Rand Paul (R-KY) said they would vote for it under no circumstances. They had different reasons, of course   Senator Collins knew it would be a potential death knell for the most vulnerable among us, while Senator Paul thought the bill wasn t conservative enough and didn t actually repeal the Affordable Care Act.After Collins and Paul came out against the bill, which the GOP is hilariously calling the Better Care Reconciliation Act, that only left one vote that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell could lose and still pass his bill and get it to Donald Trump s desk, with Mike Pence acting as the tie-breaking vote.Everything changed when Senator John McCain (R-AZ) had to have emergency surgery to remove a blood clot over his left eye. He is now at home in Arizona, and we wish him a speedy recovery. This, however, was a game changer. It meant that without McCain s vote, McConnell was one vote short. So, of course he shelved the vote until McCain s return.Well, as of Monday night, none of that matters, as Senators Mike Lee (R-UT) and Jerry Moran (R-KS) came out against the bill because they, like Rand Paul, don t think it is cruel enough to the poor, the elderly, children, and the disabled. However, despicable as their reasons may be, for the moment that matters not. McConnell does not have the votes he needs to pass this bill. For now that is a win for us.Now, all of that being said, a word of caution   these people have been vowing to get rid of the Affordable Care Act for the last seven years. It is what they promised their Obama-hating, mouthbreathing base, so they won t give up. Public pressure works. Keep calling your Senators and telling them not to kill us.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
839, Trump Is Being Sued By A Watchdog For Mar-A-Lago Corruption: Will Visitor Logs Show Pay-To-Play?,"The Trump administration likes to keep their backdoor deals tight-lipped, but a government transparency non-profit is about to lift the curtain and and shine some light on Trump s second White House   the Mar-a-Lago resort.Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW), a government transparency watchdog, was able to obtain Mar-a-Lago resort s visitor logs, and will begin to release the logs to the public on September 8.CREW director Noah Bookbinder wants Trump s meetings to be public knowledge. The public deserves to know who is coming to meet with the president and his staff. We are glad that as a result of this case, this information will become public for meetings at his personal residences. The nonprofit is working hard to obtain visitor logs from the White House and from Trump Tower.Below is the full CREW press release.oh man CREW is getting (and releasing) Mar-a-Lago visitor logs, starting Sept 8 pic.twitter.com/tNqfDam5IK  Betsy Woodruff (@woodruffbets) July 17, 2017Featured image via Gustavo Caballero/Getty Images",0
840, Republicans Go Back To Basics: ‘Stop Asking About Russia Or We’ll Investigate Hillary Again!’,"House republicans have vowed to fight fire with fire, with Steve King, Republican Representative from Iowa, stating that they are willing to begin a new investigation into Hillary Clinton s emails unless Democrats stop fanning the flames of the scandal involving the President Trump s potential collusion with Russia during his election campaign. If this continues this immobilization of the presidency over these kind of things it s gonna force Congress to do an investigation, a complete and thorough investigation, and that means go back all the way to the 650,000 emails of Anthony Weiner and look at [former FBI Director James] Comey and his activities,  King told CNN s Alisyn Camerota.When pressed by Camerota to elaborate farther, King went as far as to paint Comey and the special counsel burdened with the task of investigating Trump s possible Russia ties as the ones that are truly guilty of collusion. What I m saying is this, that the Comey investigation now him picking the special counsel on top of it on its face, appears to be collusion,  King added, however, there s just one small problem with that statement  Special Counsel Robert Mueller wasn t appointed by James Comey, rather by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.This has been a common pattern by the Republican party when dealing with any controversy or scandal involving the President during his six-month tenure in power; just try and distract the media as well as the public from the real issues at hand by trying to create new ones involving Hillary Clinton s campaign.This very technique was what they turned to in May during a Senate hearing that featured testimony from former acting Attorney General Sally Yates and former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper; rather than focussing on the task at hand, Texas Republican Senator Ted Cruise just spent his time asking Clapper about Clinton s emails. Another Texan Republican Senator, John Coryn, did the exact same thing last month during James Comey s Senate testimony. Even Republican Senator Lindsay Graham from South Carolina recently told Fox News that now that Robert Mueller is investigating President Trump, Congress should ditch their own investigations and resume looking into Clinton s emails.It is a simple fall back plan the GOP keep using and it has been reasonably effective. It seems far easier, not to mention extremely more effective, to draw the attention away from your wrongdoings than try to explain or justify them.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
841, Trump Gets Trashed For Justifying Don Jr’s Collusion With Russia: ‘That’s Politics!’,"For someone that ran on the  Drain the Swamp  platform, the current occupant of the White House has a funny way of showing it. Donald Trump Jr. has found himself in the middle of an email scandal (the irony is palpable, isn t it?) in which he included Trump s son-in-law Jared Kushner and former campaign manager Paul Manafort in the messages. Junior wanted to gather damaging information in 2016 against his Dad s opponent, Hillary Clinton. The problem is that he sought to collude with a hostile foreign government to get that info in order to get his father elected. It s unethical and possibly illegal. But, to Donald Trump  that s politics!  Which brings us full circle back to that  drain the swamp  campaign vow the former reality show star made. Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That s politics!  It tweeted.Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 17, 2017No, Amateur, most people would not have met with Russians to obtain information. Most of them would call the FBI after a Russian made contact in order to arrange a meeting.One Twitter user wrote,  Many people supported you because you weren t the  stereotypical politician . And now, look! You ve become that stereotype. Many people supported you because you weren't the ""stereotypical politician"". And now, look! You've become that stereotype  Luke Waltham (@lukewaltham) July 17, 2017We ve been lied to repeatedly about that meeting.If the meeting Don Jr. went to was normal, why did he lie about it over and over? Why did Kushner lie about it on his security application?  Adam Best (@adamcbest) July 17, 2017Most politicians would NOT have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's TREASON!  Eugene Gu, MD (@eugenegu) July 17, 2017The FBI should have been called in. That s a no-brainer.No! Most people would have reported the proposition to the FBI.Only the Trumps would be fool enough to take the meeting. #NiceTryTrump  val broeksmit (@BikiniRobotArmy) July 17, 2017lol no they wouldn't, this must be your team right about now. pic.twitter.com/XWA7unH0rL  Brandon Keating (@BrandonTalks) July 17, 2017Meeting with Russian spies is not opposition research.  Robert Caruso (@robertcaruso) July 17, 2017No, not really. True, most politicians are scumbags, but your kind is on a whole other level. You're swine, pal. pic.twitter.com/ipixj00r4Q  Michael Roffman (@michaelroffman) July 17, 2017You really are off your rocker. The whole lot of you is guilty as hell and I hope you burn for it. You and your dumb son.  cx (@cxcope) July 17, 2017So, is it still a witch hunt? pic.twitter.com/Uthscbr5Fm  Vic Berger IV (@VicBergerIV) July 17, 20177 in 10 americans think the fbi should arrest his cel phone first because he's just making this worse the entire world is laughing at don  anton newcombe (@antonnewcombe) July 17, 2017So much for draining the swamp  Charles Capel (@CharlieCapel) July 17, 2017Team Trump can t even come up with a defense over Junior s scandal. When Trump was on the campaign trail, he called on Russia to hack Hillary Clinton s emails. Donald is so defensive and the signs are there that he possibly knew about the meeting before it even took place in his own building. Junior was well aware, according to the emails he released on Twitter, that the information was coming from the Russian government that the Kremlin-connected lawyer was offering him. Again, this is a no-brainer but we re dealing with the Trump administration here, and they do not understand that attempting to collude with Russia is as bad as colluding with Russia. Welcome to Amateur Hour at the White House.Photo by Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images.",0
842, Jared Kushner’s Excuse For The Russian Meeting Would Get Most People Fired,"Imagine your boss or a client sends you an email informing you of a meeting. What do you do? Do you read the entire email so you ll be prepared or do just guess and wing it? You d probably read the email so you re prepared. Jared Kushner, though, who is supposedly a very successful businessman, apparently just wings it   at least according to his defense in regards to the Russian meetings.Kushner wasn t the original recipients of the emails that arranged the meeting at Trump tower with the very clear agenda of getting dirt on Hillary Clinton, but he was forwarded the emails. Now a source is saying he didn t read the part about the Russians, despite the fact that the subject line read:  Re: Russia   Clinton   private and confidential. In the emails, the contact, a former tabloid reporter called Rob Goldstone, said the lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, was a  Russian government attorney  who could provide  very high level and sensitive information  as  part of Russia and its government s support for Mr Trump. But a source close to the situation told BuzzFeed that Mr Kushner did not read to the bottom of the email, missing out key words like  Russian government  and therefore did not realise what the meeting was about.Source: IndependentOh, and the defense gets worse. According to the source, Kushner only attended the meeting to talk about Russian adoptions. There was no mention of Russian adoptions at all in the email chain.Not coincidentally, Donald Trump s campaign manager at the time, Paul Manafort, also claimed that he was innocent because he didn t read the whole thing.What makes it even more difficult to believe Kushner is that he s already proven himself a consummate liar. He lied on his security clearance application, which is a federal crime.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
843," Fox News Just Shared A Poll That Trump Is Going To HATE, Meltdown Inevitable (TWEET)","On Sunday, Fox News had a rare moment of clarity and actually decided to share the truth with their viewers, breaking the hearts of Donald Trump voters around the world.As Trump continues to brag and tweet about polls that are biased and inaccurate (while ignoring actual facts), Fox News blasted the failing POTUS  disastrous health care plan and noted that Americans overwhelmingly prefer Obamacare.The poll was taken just a few days ago and states that 50% of Americans approve Obamacare, and only 24% are willing to support a Republican replacement. Some weren t fond of either (13%), but the evidence was clear   the people in this country do not want the GOP to repeal the Affordable Care Act and replace it with one of their death sentences.This poll comes just days after Trump trashed the Republican Party on Twitter, calling out their  failed  health care plan and urging them to make a decision as soon as possible. Trump and the GOP are more desperate than ever for a legislative win, and this poll proves that it s only going to be another humiliating loss for them. Every time the Congressional Budget Office analyzes one of the Republicans  proposals, each version looks worse than the last.Americans are already well aware that many of them (millions, actually) will lose their health care coverage under Trumpcare. For many, the GOP s replacement plan will be life-threatening. Even a good portion of Trump s most loyal supporters are terrified of losing their Obamacare, and have publicly spoken out in favor of keeping the health care bill because they ve benefited so greatly from it.One thing is for sure   when Trump sees what his favorite news channel has just tweeted, he s going to have a colossal meltdown. He relies on Fox News to hide his failures, and this truth bomb isn t going to sit well.Featured image via Jeff J Mitchell  / Getty Images",0
844, James Comey Is Doing Something That Will Have Trump Sh*tting His Pants,"Trump s numerous attacks on former FBI Director James Comey are about to come back and bite him in the ass. While Trump has spent his time attempting (poorly) to portray Comey as someone who is unreliable and worse, the former director has spent his time writing a book.The FAILING NEW YORK TIMES (as The Donald says) reports that Comey s book will cover his work as a public servant   including and perhaps most notably his brief tenure in the Trump administration. It s a book about leadership and his search for truth, informed by lessons and experiences he s had throughout his career, including his recent experiences in the Trump administration,  Matt Latimer, whose agency also represents Comey, says.  It will speak to a broader desire in our country for more ethical leadership.It really does sound interesting, and it s no surprise that publishers are willing to hand Comey ridiculous amounts of money for it:The book will not be a conventional tell-all memoir, but an exploration of the principles that have guided Mr. Comey through some of the most challenging moments of his legal career. Among those are his investigation into Hillary Clinton s private email server during a contentious election, and his recent entanglement with the president over the F.B.I. s inquiry into Russia s interference in the 2016 election.Comey initially was reluctant to write a tell-all, but ultimately decided that he had more to say than just a retelling of his career. The Times notes that he plans to use the book to  write candidly about his experience serving in multiple administrations, and to use moments from his career to draw lessons about ethics, decision making and leadership. As with his personal memos he shared with the media through a friend, Comey s book will be vetted to ensure that no classified information is contained.While the book is simply going to be a study of Comey s principles through the years, it is sure to enrage Trump, who considers facts and truth to be an anathema.Featured image via screengrab",0
845, Trump Goes Into Full Denial Mode During Temper Tantrum Over Historically Low Approval Rating,"Donald Trump just refuses to admit that most Americans disapprove of him and his pathetic presidency.On Sunday, a new poll was released showing that Trump s approval rating had dropped to another historic low in the 70 year history of the poll.According to the ABC/Washington Post poll, only 36 percent of Americans approve of Trump, while a whopping 58 percent disapprove.That s the highest disapproval rating and lowest approval rating ever recorded by the poll.But Trump tried to sugercoat his numbers by rounding off his approval rating to 40 percent and actually had the gall to claim that the number  is not bad at this time.  Trump also attacked ABC and the Washington Post.The ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 16, 2017Trump is in denial at this point. Just after his first 100 days, the same poll recorded a record low approval rating for a president just after the first 100 days. Now Trump has recorded the lowest approval rating for a president after just six months in office. Sad!These kinds of major polls are scientifically conducted and serve as a snapshot of American opinion during the given time-frame in which the poll was taken. This poll was taken in the days after Donald Trump Jr. released his damning email proving that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia and just after a trip abroad in which Trump embarrassed himself and the United States at the G-20 Summit.So Americans have a lot to disapprove of when it comes to Trump s performance in office.And Twitter users were quick remind Trump of the facts.Actually, Mr. President, people actually disapprove of you. The polls are not inaccurate. It is that you aren t competent or likeable.  Dani Bostick (@danibostick) July 16, 2017It is the worst approval rating of any president after 6 months in office in the history of the poll.  Morten  verbye (@morten) July 16, 2017It really is bad. pic.twitter.com/HICkS6I3fD  Morten  verbye (@morten) July 16, 2017 40% is not bad at this time ? What do les he mean? No president wants 40% approval ratings at any time in their presidency.  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) July 16, 2017For comparison, on nearly the exact same day in his presidency, the same poll had Obama w a 59% net approval https://t.co/4Ble0RFKrp pic.twitter.com/CeZlxG58c2  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) July 16, 2017 40% is not bad?  Is that what Trump learned at Wharton? What parents should tell their kids about school? 40% is failing.  Adam Best (@adamcbest) July 16, 2017Why are you so insecure? pic.twitter.com/uZahOVJ3YZ  Laura Sesana (@lasesana) July 16, 2017Uh it s not almost 40%, and it s a record low for any President in history, AND you inherited a strong economy and no major war or disasters  Calvin (@calvinstowell) July 16, 2017I used to tell my math teacher that 40% was  not bad at this time.  She disagreed.  Jarrett Bellini (@JarrettBellini) July 16, 2017 Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
846," In One Chart, This Company Schooled Donald Trump On How To Treat Women","Donald Trump, at 71 years old, apparently just can t help but be a lecherous pervert who judges women solely on physical attractiveness   and rarely does that include women over 50.French President Emmanuel Macron s wife Brigitte is 24 years his senior. I guess Trump was taken by surprise that a 64-year-old woman could possibly be fit and attractive, so he did what no one with any diplomatic skills would ever even consider   he complimented her looks, but not just her general looks, he told her she has a  good  body. Perhaps the most disturbing part of that is that he thought he was being appropriate.Here s the video:Twitter had a field day with it: And what I hope #BrigitteMacron said to @POTUS  And you look like a sack of s*** you lumpen plonker . Except in French, obviously  Jane Garvey (@janegarvey1) July 13, 2017Exact Trump words to Brigitte Macron:  You know, you re in such great shape beautiful.  https://t.co/s4hLREulNR  Adam Plowright (@ADAMPLOW) July 13, 2017Aging pervert @realDonaldTrump makes sexually inappropriate comments to Brigitte Macron pic.twitter.com/FYMGdwuhbX  The Daily Edge (@TheDailyEdge) July 13, 2017A reader reacts to Donald Trump telling Brigitte Macron,  You re in such good shape  https://t.co/ZbOT4dJKY9 pic.twitter.com/3EU9Mh6kWc  The New York Times (@nytimes) July 14, 2017The sad, troubling reality is that when @realDonaldTrump paid #BrigitteMacron that  compliment,  he genuinely thought he was being charming. pic.twitter.com/95vd87GiQG  (((B. Paul Stuart))) (@BrianPaulStuart) July 14, 2017The best response, though, came from Reebok, who made a chart just for Donald Trump saying when it might be appropriate for a man to say,  You re in such good shape beautiful.  The answer was pretty much never, unless instead of a woman, you re talking about an action figure from your childhood.In case you were wondering when it IS appropriate to say,  You re in such good shape beautiful,  THIS: pic.twitter.com/Z1cnnRD8Ut  Reebok (@Reebok) July 14, 2017I ll have to admit that I haven t bought a pair of Reeboks in a while. Maybe it s time.Featured image via Thierry Chesnot/Getty Images",0
847," Fox Host Goes After ‘Soulless’ Hillary Clinton, Chelsea’s Response Is PRICELESS (TWEET)","Now that Donald Trump s Russia scandal has been blown wide open and more incriminating evidence is surfacing by the day, Fox News is more desperate than ever to find ways to save Trump s reputation. Last night, the untrustworthy conservative network delivered a low blow to Trump s 2016 election opponent, Hillary Clinton, because they literally couldn t think of anything else.On The Five, co-host Lisa Boothe said something absolutely cruel and insane about Clinton, proving that the bar can always be lowered when it comes to the Republican Party. Boothe, who was filling in for Kimberly Guilfoyle, tried to say that Clinton was so obsessed with becoming president that she would actually sell her daughter Chelsea to achieve it. Seriously, it doesn t get much more heartless than that.Boothe took this dig at Clinton during a discussion about Donald Trump Jr s meeting with a Russian lawyer. To defend Trump and his corrupt inner circle, Boothe tried to turn the conversation to the Clinton campaign, specifically campaign manager Robby Mook. Boothe said: We ve also seen so much self-righteous indignation to people that have no business being self-righteous. I absolutely love the fact that Robby Mook is talking about this. Boothe then stated that Clinton and her allies had no business being the  voices of authority on morality  (which is ironic considering the amount of trouble Trump is in). She said: He literally worked for the most soulless person on this planet who would literally sell her daughter to be president. If she could sell her only child to be president. I mean, that s how much she wants it. This clip was shared on Twitter by Yashar Ali this morning, where many Americans saw it and were disgusted   especially Chelsea Clinton. Chelsea fired back with a message of her own, tearing Fox News a new one in defense of her mother:It was the perfect response to a completely idiotic comment. Just like her mother, Chelsea can always find the perfect way to shut pro-Trump morons down.Featured image via Stephanie Keith / Getty Images",0
848, The Trump Campaign Paid Don Jr’s Lawyer A Vast Amount Of Money Just Before Scandal Broke (IMAGES),"Donald Trump s allies would very much like the RNC to cover the legal costs of retaining attorneys amid the inquiries into whether the campaign colluded with the Russian government during the 2016 election. It appears, though, that the alleged president s reelection campaign has already paid a legal firm $50,000 and that was just two weeks before Donald Trump Jr. s email scandal broke.Trump s reelection campaign (that s kind of funny considering that it s hard to determine if the former reality show star will last even a year in office at this point) paid $50,000 to the law offices of Alan Futerfas on June 26, according to a new filing with the Federal Election Commission.The Daily Beast reports:On July 11, the New York Times revealed the contents of a June 2016 email exchange in which Trump Jr., through an associate, solicited damaging information about 2016 election rival Hillary Clinton.Just a day earlier, he had enlisted the services of Futerfas, who is best known for representing four of New York s major Italian mob families. The announcement of the hire came not from the Trump campaign but from the president s company, where Trump Jr. remains a trustee.Perhaps this is why the amateur president holds so many rallies even though he just got into office. Donations pour in from his gullible supporters and now, his own fans are paying the legal fees   presumably for his son s scandal.Drip, drip, drip:The Trump campaign s FEC filing shows significant expenditures on legal representation as it wades through scrutiny involving alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 election. As part of that investigation, the FBI is examining whether the Trump campaign guided Russian disinformation efforts aimed at key voting precincts.The consulting firm owned by Brad Parscale, the former Trump campaign digital director at the center of that controversy, received more than $2 million in payments from the campaign in the second quarter.The name of the committee: Donald J. Trump for President, Inc.The Trump campaign began paying Don Jr's lawyer about two weeks before the email story broke, per new FEC filing pic.twitter.com/F0ifZ3q2Xw  Lachlan Markay (@lachlan) July 15, 2017The campaign is also paying the Trump Corp. for legal consulting, a new category of campaign-to-Trump company payments as best I can tell pic.twitter.com/J6Smlw6ItI  Lachlan Markay (@lachlan) July 15, 2017The filing also shows that the campaign settled on a new vendor for legal consulting services: the Trump Corporation. So, it appears that Trump is profiting from his own scandal. According to the filing, the campaign paid the company nearly $90,000 three days after its payment to Futerfas.Trump claims to know nothing about the meeting his son took with a Kremlin-connected lawyer. That meeting was set up to get dirt on Hillary Clinton. Jared Kushner, Trump s son-in-law, and his former campaign manager, Paul Manafort, attended the meeting at Trump Tower. 5 others attended, including Russians. Junior keeps changing his story but it s all coming out in the wash. We re sure Mr. Mueller is taking notes.And none of this looks suspicious at all (wink wink).Photo by John Moore/Getty Images",0
849, Dem Senator Calls Out Mike Pence For Telling A HUGE Lie About Trumpcare,"Donald Trump and his vice-president are eager to pass the GOP/Trumpcare bill even though it will harm millions of Americans. It s not even a health care bill; it s more of a death care bill. Democratic and Republican governors agree that it s a bad proposal. According to a report presented at the National Governors Association, the Senate s Obamacare repeal bill would result in reductions in federal Medicaid funding to states ranging from 27 percent to 39 percent by 2036. Politico reports that fifteen states would see their federal Medicaid funding decline by more than 35 percent by 2036.Vice President Mike Pence tweeted,  Let me be clear: The Senate health-care bill strengthens and secures Medicaid for the neediest in our society. #BetterCare. Watch Mike Pence lie:Let me be clear: The Senate health-care bill strengthens and secures Medicaid for the neediest in our society. #BetterCare pic.twitter.com/rThIZtB9zi  Vice President Pence (@VP) July 14, 2017Pence said that the GOP plan would ensure that  every state in America has the resources you need to take care of your most vulnerable. The fifteen states that would be most affected by this travesty of a bill include California, Nevada, Kentucky, Washington, North Dakota, Oregon and New Mexico, Colorado, Arizona, Utah, Ohio, Arkansas, Pennsylvania, and Tennessee. We suppose those states don t count.Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) ripped Pence on Saturday in a tweet . I m going to say it   there is real evil in the epidemic rate of lying that is going on right now,  Murphy tweeted in response to Trump s tweet which included the video above. This is not normal,  Murphy added.I'm going to say it   there is real evil in the epidemic rate of lying that is going on right now. This is not normal. https://t.co/ifkV1GWAUH  Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) July 15, 2017Pence has nearly 4 million followers and his tweet was liked only 2,902 times. In contrast, Murphy has 281,000 followers and his tweet was liked nearly 14,000 times. Perhaps, just maybe, Trump supporters are waking up to the fact that they will be largely affected by Obamacare being repealed and replaced with a shit sandwich.Kasich isn t happy with Pence either:Ohio Gov. John Kasich s (R) office rejected Pence s claim that 60,000 disabled Ohioans are on waiting lists for Medicaid s home and community-based services.Kasich s spokesperson called Pence s claim  not accurate  and said that suggesting Medicaid expansion hurt the developmentally disabled system  is false, as it is just the opposite of what actually happened.  A Pence spokesman defended the vice president s comments.On top of that, insurers ripped into Ted Cruz s provision saying that it s  unworkable  and added that  millions of more individuals will become uninsured  and it will affect those with pre-existing conditions.Photo by Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images",0
850," ‘Lie After Lie After Lie’: Fox’s Shep Smith Breaks Ranks, Goes Nuclear On Team Trump (VIDEO)","As the Russia stories surrounding the criminal enterprise known as the Trump Administration continue to pile up, journalists all over network television are demanding answers. However, those journalists are usually not employees of Fox News. For many years, that particular network has generally been nothing more than a propaganda arm for the Christian Right and the most extreme elements of the Republican Party. However, there is one Fox journalist who has gone rogue: Shepard Smith.Now, Smith has been known to buck against the more ridiculous or downright lying elements of his network before. That has included being openly critical of the Trump Administration when most folks there are walking the party line. He s really taken things much further in that direction now, though, since the recent revelations regarding Trump s mini me s attempts to get dirt on Hillary Clinton from the Russians during the 2016 election season. Speaking with fellow more-reasonable-than-most Fox host Chris Wallace on Friday, Shep Smith went nuclear. Here is the transcript of that exchange from the Washington Post, which has called the diatribe Smith s  Cronkite moment : We re still not clean on this, Chris [Wallace]. If there s nothing there   and that s what they tell us, they tell us there s nothing to this and nothing came of it, there s a nothingburger, it wasn t even memorable, didn t write it down, didn t tell you about it, because it wasn t anything so I didn t even remember it   with a Russian interpreter in the room at Trump Tower? If all of that, why all these lies? Why is it lie after lie after lie? If you clean, come on clean, you know? My grandmother used to say when first we practice to   Oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive. The deception, Chris, is mind-boggling. And there are still people who are out there who believe we re making it up. And one day they re gonna realize we re not and look around and go, Where are we, and why are we getting told all these lies? This is amazing, considering the culture over at Fox. Don t fall in lockstep? You re probably risking your job. Further, since Fox and their constant lies, spin, bigotry, misogyny, and all manner of distastefulness is so toxic to the other, more credible networks, a person might have a difficult time finding journalistic employment elsewhere. Given all of that, this was an amazingly courageous thing to do.Thank you for bringing real news to America s most deceitful network, Mr. Smith. Hats off to you, and keep it up. Perhaps CNN or   dare I say it   MSNBC will give you a shot should Fox heed the calls from deluded Trumpkins to fire you. MSNBC is my favorite network, and I d definitely tune in.Watch this amazing moment below:Shep Smith:  The deception, Chris, is mind-boggling why are we getting told all these lies? Chris Wallace:  I don t know what to say  pic.twitter.com/DQKOAC8a2o  Leanne Naramore (@LeanneNaramore) July 14, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",0
851, George Takei Takes Trump Jr. To The Woodshed For Colluding With Russia,"Star Trek legend George Takei gloriously shredded Donald Trump s dipshit son in a column which includes a poem for Trump Jr. to read to pass the time in his prison cell.As we all know by now, Trump Jr. released an email chain of himself agreeing to a meeting with a Russian lawyer who offered to give the Trump campaign dirt on Hillary Clinton to use in the 2016 Election. The information was received from the Russian government through Aras Agalarov, a Russian oligarch who is close to Vladimir Putin and one of Donald Trump s friends.It has since been revealed that a former Soviet intelligence officer also attended the meeting, which took place inside Trump Tower.In a scathing column published on Saturday, Takei recounts the news of the scandal and proceeds to inform Trump Jr. that he is going to jail. The latest  I can t believe this actually happened  bombshell concerns, of course, not Trump himself but his namesake, Donald, Jr., whose emails confirming Russian support for his father and meddling in the election present such low hanging evidentiary fruit that even Jeffrey Beauregard Sessions III could pick them,  Takei wrote.The emails, released by Junior in advance of a damning story by the Times, no doubt in a vain attempt to blunt the story s impact or at least divert its media coverage, has had something of the opposite effect. Importantly, Junior also had copied then-campaign manager Paul Manafort and Jared Kushner on his response, indicating that the campaign s senior staff were willing to accept damaging information on the Democratic opponent from a foreign hostile state. Their subsequent attendance of the meeting confirmed this. In attendance at the meeting itself was not only a lawyer from the Russian government but also a known Russian counterintelligence officer. The story grows, and darkens. This email string thus comprises the first direct evidence of coordination between the campaign and the Russians, but unlikely the last.In light of these damning revelations, Takei wrote a poem to commemorate Trump Jr s crimes against the United States.Lest there be any confusionDon Jr. has dispelled the illusionHis emails revealedWhat they thought was concealedNow he s gonna do time for collusionTakei went on to point out that on the very same day of the meeting, Trump wrote a speech about how Russia has a  blackmail file  on Clinton, and delivered it later that same month along with a plea to Russian hackers to continue attacking her and the DNC in search of emails.Takei couldn t resist taking note of the irony of it all.The president, in tepid defense of his son, remarked that Junior is a  good boy,  a  high-quality person,  and that he applauds his  transparency.  I can t but help think the president probably wishes that level of transparency would render Junior invisible right about now. For with now another member of his immediate family caught up in the Russia investigation, and the curious timing of his speeches, it becomes increasingly implausible that all this was happening without the president s knowledge.And what poetic irony it would be if Trump s downfall resulted from emails.Indeed, it would not only be  poetic irony,  but poetic justice as well.Featured Image: Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images",0
852," Chuck Todd Goes Off On Trump, Says What Every American Is Thinking Right Now (VIDEO)","It s only been a few days since Donald Trump as been back from his second international tour, but America is already sick of him. Over the past week or so, Trump and his corrupt inner circle have been in the news nonstop for their unethical behavior revolving around Russia.If America is sick of reading about it, reporters must be sick of talking about it   and this was evident when Chuck Todd went off on Trump on Friday during MTP Daily. Todd did not hold back as unleashed an attack for several minutes, brutally mocking the Trump administration for the never-ending avalanche of bad news surrounding Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with a Russian lawyer. Blasting the White House for trying to hide parts of the story, Todd said: Their responses this week have proven to be incomplete at best and untrue at worst. Todd was referring to a breaking report by NBC news, in which an additional unknown person   former Soviet counterintelligence officer Ranit Akhmetshin, was found to also have been in attendance during the now infamous meeting with the Russian lawyer. To make his point even more powerful, Todd ran several clips from the past few days that blatantly showed White House officials lying and denying that they were hiding any information. It was a brilliant segment, and Todd perfectly showed America why Trump and his minions cannot be trusted. In conclusion, Todd said: Folks, this week has been a giant PR, political, and possibly legal disaster for this administration. You can watch Todd slam Trump and his administration below:Must-watch @ChuckTodd timeline of the WH story about the Trump Jr./Russia mtg and what we learned each day this week https://t.co/D8lf5pDsD1  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) July 14, 2017We could not have said it any better ourselves.Featured image is a screenshot",0
853, Bombshell Report Shows The Russian Meeting Was No ‘Nothing Burger’,"While the defense of three members of Trump s camp meeting with Russians last year has taken more turns than a roller coaster, one defense has been constant: It s a  nothing burger.  While Donald Trump Jr., Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort did meet with Russians to get dirt on Hillary Clinton, the argument is that it doesn t matter because they didn t actually receive any dirt.Of course that argument gave us a whole host of botched bank robber and  To Catch a Predator  analogies, basically saying that if you intend to commit a crime and you act upon it, you have committed a crime, whether or not you get the goods.No matter how flawed that defense is, though, it turns out it s not even true. Trump Jr., Kushner and Manafort were given some dirt on Hillary Clinton. From near the bottom of an AP article:Veselnitskaya brought with her a plastic folder with printed-out documents that detailed what she believed was the flow of illicit funds to the Democrats, Akhmetshin said. Veselnitskaya presented the contents of the documents to the Trump associates and suggested that making the information public could help the campaign, he said. This could be a good issue to expose how the DNC is accepting bad money,  Akhmetshin recalled her saying.Trump Jr. asked the attorney if she had sufficient evidence to back up her claims, including whether she could demonstrate the flow of the money. But Veselnitskaya said the Trump campaign would need to research it more. After that, Trump Jr. lost interest, according to Akhmetshin. They couldn t wait for the meeting to end,  he said.Akhmetshin said he does not know if Veselnitskaya s documents were provided by the Russian government. He said he thinks she left the materials with the Trump associates. It was unclear if she handed the documents to anyone in the room or simply left them behind, he said.So if the members of the Trump campaign didn t take the information, it was only because they would have had to do some of their own legwork. Not only is this administration the most crooked in American history, they are the most lazy. They didn t just want some opposition research from the Russians. They appeared to want the Russians to do all their work for them.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images.",0
854, WATCH: Rep. Steve King Stuns House Floor In Most Ignorant Anti-Trans Rant You’ve Ever Seen,"By now, everyone is used to the rank ignorance and unabashed bigotry that is regularly displayed by Rep. Steve King (R-IA). After all, this is a man who has accused DREAMERS of being drug mules with no evidence, has tweeted overtly white nationalist sentiments, and has suggested that only white people have ever contributed to what he calls  western civilization. Here is video of that stunning statement:Now, he is at it again, and this time his target is an especially vulnerable group: Transgender soldiers.Taking to the floor of the House of Representatives during their  General Speeches  forum   a time in which people can apparently say whatever they like, no matter how outrageous   King ranted about transgender people in the military, compared gender reassignment to the castration of slaves in the Ottoman Empire, and generally made an ignorant ass of himself like always. After this lengthy and deeply offensive speech, King wound the whole thing up by ranting about how the only reason people will become Navy SEALS now is to get free gender reassignment surgery. He said: And we are thinking that we are going to make the military better while people lining up at the recruitment center who have planned to do sexual assignment surgery and know if I can get into the Navy, army, air force and Marines and become a Navy SEAL and submit to sexual reassignment surgery and go from a man to a woman. By the way, it doesn t look like there will be any women becoming men after going through SEAL training. So let me get this straight. Someone would go through the hell that is SEAL training just to get gender reassignment for free? Why would they do that? Any military member can get treatment under their health insurance provided to them for their brave and selfless service to our great nation.Rep. King, please educate yourself. You are an embarrassment to the people of your state and to the United States of America. Hopefully, one day the folks in your district will wake up and stop re-electing you.Watch video of the latest outrage below:Rep. Steve King promotes conspiracy that trans ppl join military for ""free surgery"" to ""cut 'em up and remake 'em into something different."" pic.twitter.com/Ym6v7BUAeX  Dominic Holden (@dominicholden) July 14, 2017GOP Rep. Steve King compares transgender troops to Ottoman empire eunuchs who wouldn't fight, says trans people will enlist just for surgery pic.twitter.com/kxoRsBdi7I  Dominic Holden (@dominicholden) July 14, 2017Featured image via Darren McCollester/Getty Images",0
855, Homophobic Kansas Lawmaker Gleefully Harasses LGBTQ Students And Boasts About It,"We all know that the GOP is the party of anti-LGBTQ theocrats. However, we usually don t expect lawmakers of either party to openly harass citizens and then go on to boast of what they have done without shame. That is, however, exactly what State Rep. Francis Awerkamp (R-KS) did when a group of LGBTQ students, escorted by educators, visited the state capitol.Awerkamp promptly posted what he had done to Facebook, burying his repugnant actions in a post disguised as a  legislative update. This was quickly done after he encountered the group at the capitol, in which he detailed a shocking display of open and unabashed bigotry and harassment. In the newsletter, the bigoted lawmaker said: I explained my clear position that  a man is a man, a woman is a woman, and marriage is between a man and a woman, and this is a reality that we can not change.  The teachers, one of whom was a man wearing a skirt  identifying  as a woman, quickly led the students away. By the way the  man in a skirt  he mentioned was not transgender at all. She is a cisgender woman. Due to the horrific nature of what has happened, Tom Witt, Director of Equality Kansas, has gotten involved. He said that there was only one transgender teacher on the outing, and she was not dressed in a skirt. Either way, it should not matter. Witt went on to rightly blast Awerkamp s confrontational remarks as beyond offensive and demeaning. The crazy man who likes to call himself a lawmaker also said he was  surprised  by the visit, and lamented the false idea that public funds are somehow being used to push a  homosexual agenda. Newsflash, dude   people visit their state capitols all the time. It s the people s house. Not yours. You work for your constituents, not the other way around.The fact that this man is sitting in government is nothing short of appalling. The Kansas State Legislature should censure him immediately. Given that it is controlled by Republicans, though, I wouldn t hold my breath on that one.Featured image via screen capture from CJ Online",0
856," Trump Abuses Power, Punishes Qatar For Refusing To Give $500 Million Loan To Son-In-Law Kushner","It turns out that Donald Trump was abusing his power when he accused Qatar of supporting terrorism and allowed sanctions against them.Jared Kushner did not gain his position by getting confirmed by the Senate. He got his cushy White House job because he is married to Trump s daughter Ivanka.And he has been using his position in an effort to do business, and is using Trump s power as president to retaliate against those who refuse to do business with him.Just before Trump went on a tirade against Qatar, Kushner tried to get a loan from one of the richest men in the small country, Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim al-Thani.Kushner asked for a $500 million loan from al-Thani because he needs to come up with $1.3 billion in the next two years before the interest-only mortgage is due on his family s 666 Fifth Avenue building in Manhattan. The only stipulation to getting the loan was that Kushner had to come up with some co-funding for the project. Of course, Kushner failed to live up to his end of the deal, so al-Thani wisely walked away rather than risk that much money on someone who makes promises he can t keep.And because al-Thani rejected Kushner s request, Donald Trump retaliated against Qatar by accusing the Gulf nation of being too close to Iran and gave Saudi Arabia the green light to cut diplomatic ties with Qatar and block transports there. Saudi Arabia is home to some Trump businesses, and Trump has been sucking up to the Saudi government, so of course, Saudi Arabia would gladly help Trump punish Qatar for refusing to give his family money.During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar   look!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017Trump would repeat his claims against Qatar at the White House Rose Garden.It turns out that Russian hackers were responsible for making up statements by Qatari officials to make it look like they support Iran. But Trump refuses to stop punishing Qatar just because they refused to give money to Jared Kushner.This is what abuse of power looks like. Trump and Kushner are using the White House to punish nations who refuse to do business with them. That is grounds for impeachment right there. This is exactly why Trump should have been forced to cut all ties with his businesses, and why anyone who works in the White House should do the same to avoid these kinds of conflicts of interest.Clearly, Trump and his family are using the presidency as a way to enrich themselves.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
857, Trump Jr. Also Met With Ex-Soviet Intelligence Officer To Get Dirt On Hillary Clinton,"Ronald Reagan is rolling in his grave.Donald Trump s campaign is guilty of colluding with Russia and that became even clearer on Friday morning when NBC revealed that a fifth person attended Trump Jr s meeting with a Russian lawyer.In addition to Paul Manafort, Jared Kushner, Trump Jr., and Kremlin-liked attorney Natalia Veselnitskya, the meeting at Trump Tower also included Rinat Akhmetshin, a former Soviet Army counterintelligence officer who may still have connections with Russian intelligence.That s right. Trump s campaign worked with a Soviet spy in an effort to win the 2016 Election.Here s the report via TwitterNBC EXCLUSIVE: A Russian-American lobbyist a fmr Soviet counter-intel officer was also in Don Jr./Russian lawyer mtg pic.twitter.com/6EmikNzsh0  Steve Kopack (@SteveKopack) July 14, 2017If this isn t enough to oust Trump and his goons and put them all in prison, the Republican Party has truly lost all sense of patriotism and duty.This is proof that Trump s campaign colluded with Russia to win the 2016 Election, and Americans across the country should be outraged enough to demand immediate consequences.Trump Jr. didn t do himself any favors either by lying about how many Russians he met with during an interview with Sean Hannity. Trump Jr. claimed that the emails he released contained  everything  on his meetings with Russians. Trump s top propaganda dog took Trump Jr. at his word, only to be humiliated this morning by the breaking news.Trump and his team have repeatedly tried to sweep this scandal under the rug for days now, but more bombshells continue to drop, damaging any shred of credibility the White House has left.Let s keep in mind that the Soviet Union wanted nothing more than to destroy the United States and our democracy for several decades. Both Republicans and Democrats worked to prevent that from happening. But only the Republicans are just fine with Russian meddling in the present day. If this had happened thirty years ago, Republicans would have had Trump Jr. arrested by now. The only reason they continue to protect Trump and his crime family is because they don t want to hurt their own power. They have literally chosen power and party over country and the Constitution they swore to defend.And Russia and Vladimir Putin couldn t be happier about it.Featured Image: John Moore/Getty Images",0
858, Trump Throws Twitter Tantrum Bashing Republicans For Not Taking Healthcare Away From People Fast Enough,"Donald Trump went on a tirade on Friday morning because Republicans in Congress are not stripping healthcare from millions of Americans fast enough.For months, Trump has failed to get an Obamacare repeal bill on his desk because Americans overwhelmingly oppose it because they now realize that the Affordable Care Act keeps them insured, and in many cases, alive.The Trumpcare bill that has been hitting roadblock after roadblock in Congress strips healthcare from millions of Americans, drops coverage for people with pre-existing conditions, makes healthcare premiums more expensive, and takes away vital care for women and children among a slew of other important provisions, all so that the wealthy can get a massive tax cut.While in France on Bastille Day, Trump whined on Twitter that Republicans are not moving fast enough to repeal healthcare.Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 14, 2017So impt Rep Senators, under leadership of @SenateMajLdr McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of O Care disaster, must happen!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 14, 2017After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 14, 2017.@VP Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 14, 2017Again, Trump s healthcare policy would actually kill people, but he is demanding that Republicans jam it through Congress as quickly as possible.And Americans were not thrilled about it and told Trump as much on Twitter.How about crafting a GOOD healthcare plan first? Or maybe IMPROVING Obamacare? Don t just push through a bill for the sake of it!  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) July 14, 2017So you want them to rush through an act that may kill millions just to get Obamacare erased? You re demented. Resign.  Lesley Abravanel (@lesleyabravanel) July 14, 2017Why not improve what s already in place? Why not include Dems in the process? Why keep working to divide us all? Why won t you lead?  CD Harrison ? (@cdharrison) July 14, 2017Yeah. Because 22 million losing their insurance is really going to make it better.  Kelly Scaletta (@KellyScaletta) July 14, 2017Isn t it more important to take your time to develop something that actually works to keep Americans healthy?  Sally Hawker (@SallyHawker12) July 14, 2017So cruel. . trying to take away healthcare from millions all for a tax break for billionaires. Warren Buffet doesn t want your tax break.  Maureen O Brien (@boru2308) July 14, 2017From the man who said,  Nobody knew that health care could be so complicated  the word  disaster  is meaningless.  Bill Adler (@billadler) July 14, 2017I wish that you were a better person. I wish that you worked as hard for every citizen of the U.S.A. as hard as you do at your golf game.  Robin D. Ashe ??? (@VampWriterGRRL) July 14, 2017Featured Image: Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
859, Trump Now Says Wall May Not Need A Wall To Cover Entire US-Mexico Border,"Keeping in line with his constant backtracking and just generally erratic ways, President Donald Trump has taken a softer stance on what was seen as essentially his core campaign promise by claiming that the 2,000 mile long wall he initially intended to build along the border with Mexico may not need to cover the full distance due to natural borders that already exist. You have mountains. You have some rivers that are violent and vicious. You have some areas that are so far away that you don t really have people crossing,  the President told reporters aboard Air Force One on his recent flight to Paris.  But you ll need anywhere from 700 to 900 miles. Trump made the construction of a big beautiful wall, with a big beautiful door,  a solid structure 30 feet high in an effort to curb illegal immigration the cornerstone of his 2016 election campaign, insisting that Mexico would pay for it with the cost estimated to be in the vicinity of $20 billion, although he later stated that could be cut by covering the wall in solar panels. Naturally Mexico has refused to pay, most likely because they never requested the border wall in the first place, however, Trump still believes he will find a way to get them to cough up the cash after construction begins.But if you believe that the President s insistence that Mexico will reimburse the US for construction for the wall is the only flaw in his plan, you are sadly mistaken. First of all, almost all of that  700 to 900 miles  that Trump mentioned, less than half of the length of the US-Mexico border, already has walls and fences. In fact, the current border wall is already 650 miles long. Also, as for the rivers that are  violent and vicious,  yes a large part of the border in Texas consists of the Rio Grande, but some parts of that river are barely more than a trickle of water.President Trump also now believes the border wall needs to be transparent. You have to be able to see through it,  he said.  As horrible as it sounds, when they throw the large sacks of drugs over, and if you have people on the other side of the wall, you don t see them. They hit you on the head with 60 pounds of stuff? It s over. We re now six months into his presidency and Trump has only requested $1.6 billion from Congress for the project, or roughly 8 percent of the total estimate. Maybe he has just learned that according to Pew Research Center, approximately 66 percent of the illegal immigrants in the US have been here for at least a decade, that the amount of illegal Mexican immigrants has been in decline for the last 10 years and is now one million less than it was in 2007, or that Mexicans only make up 52 percent of illegal immigrants in the United States.Featured image via Sandy Huffaker/Getty Images",0
860, Trump Stole An Idea From North Korean Propaganda Parody Account To Push His Stupid Wall (DETAILS),"Jesus f*cking Christ our President* is a moron. Not satisfied with simply wasting billions of taxpayer dollars on a border wall, The Donald wants it to be see-through too   not to preserve the view of scenery but because he s afraid people might be killed by gigantic sacks of drugs that are totally going to be thrown over it on a regular basis (thus negating his argument that the wall will somehow curb drug trafficking). As horrible as it sounds, when they throw the large sacks of drugs over, and if you have people on the other side of the wall, you don t see them they hit you on the head with 60 pounds of the stuff? It s over,  the President said aboard Air Force One Wednesday according to the official White House transcript.  As cray as that sounds, you need transparency through that wall. Trump says border wall with Mexico should be transparent so that people aren't killed when drug couriers throw 60-lbs. bags over it. pic.twitter.com/0GXJuHjPxs  Gregory Korte (@gregorykorte) July 13, 2017It s unclear if Trump actually said  cray  or if the White House stenographer made a typo, but the idea that we will be so beleaguered by so many flying 60-pound sacks of drugs that the border wall needs to be  transparent  is pretty  cray. Now, Trump could have argued that there are a number of reasons for  transparency    to see those dirty brownish people he hates coming, for instance. But he chose the dumb one that involves throwing a 60-pound bag of heroin over a 20-foot fence.Naturally, Americans find this hilarious:The bad hombres are very strong.  Juha (@juhasaarinen) July 14, 2017I imagined just this with  Acme  printed on the side.  TJ Shannon (@tjshannon13) July 14, 2017pic.twitter.com/43I0DR0lw8  Paul Vahamaa (@pvahamaa) July 14, 2017 a steel wall with openings  so that you can  see through that wall he knows he s describing a fence, right?  Tinz (@TinzRules) July 13, 2017Likelihood that Trump heard someone say  We need transparency on the building of the Wall  and didn t understand?  Patrick (@PatrickCragg) July 13, 2017Crushed by Giant Bag of Dope is pretty high on most people s Preferred Ways To Die list, I ve heard.  Just Dessert (@Love_CrimeDrama) July 13, 2017Crushed by Giant Bag of Dope was, in my opinion, Giant Bag of Dope s best album.  David J Britton (@Tyburn_Cross) July 13, 2017I want to meet the dealer that can toss a 60 lb bag over the wall or, do they use catapults?  nicefellow31 (@nicefellow31) July 13, 2017They prefer trebuchets, I m told.  Carly (@whatstudentloan) July 13, 2017The beauty of this, though, is if the bag misses your head  Hey! Free heroin!  Christopher Keelty (@keeltyc) July 13, 2017 Some areas that are so far away from the border? Some parts of the border are far away from the border? #wtf #cray  Matthew R. Kerns (@mattkerns) July 13, 2017So, these drug smugglers, they can toss 60 pound bags of coke over 20 foot walls, but can t climb a mountain?  High Quality Nephew (@JohnNephew) July 13, 2017 This piece of fence would be supes far away. You d have to be totes cray to cross there. So you fo sho don t need that.    def on fleek  Henkepotamus (@Henke2020) July 13, 2017You laugh but this is a serious problem. pic.twitter.com/1jGkVDGmt6  Erase Rewind (@EraseRewind1) July 13, 2017If there are people throwing 60 lbs sacks of stuff over high walls we should get them on our team.  Rich (@Argonzo) July 13, 2017So: you happen to stand next to a giant 900 mi. wall when BAM! You re hit with a 60 lb. bag of drugs tossed over this huge wall to no one??  Spooky Comet (@spookycomet) July 13, 2017one thing is right, this shit is cray  Ella s Girl (@ellasgirl7) July 13, 2017This can t possibly be real because . . . never mind. I m sorry, I forgot who we were referring to.   Kit Yona (@TheKitastrophe) July 13, 2017Wow. Vicious rivers and  cray  60-lb falling bags of heroin. Why would people stand next to the wall? Will there be a Starbucks?  Tom Brouns (@TAZMPictures) July 14, 2017Ask him to point out the  violent and vicious  rivers on a map. WTF is he talking about?  John Daws (@grajillas) July 13, 2017Who the F*ck is throwing 60lb sacks of drugs over the wall? Cause pretty sure they make some $$$ in pro sports!  R Goldman (@sttrzangel) July 14, 2017Where would Trump get the idea to tell Americans that criminals across the border are killing people with giant sacks of drugs? North Korean propaganda of course   or what seems like North Korean propaganda until you realize it s a parody account:Six innocent children killed by south Korean criminals hurling huge sacks of illegal drugs over inter-Korean demilitarized zone wall. pic.twitter.com/bfnNlBIs4e  DPRK News Service (@DPRK_News) July 13, 2017If you re thinking this is disgraceful even for Trump, you probably should be aware that we have not yet seen the depths to which he is willing to sink in his quest for power.We need to face the fact that our  President  is completely  cray  and let the GOP know they need to do their jobs and remove him from office now.featured image via Getty Images/screengrab",0
861, Racist Chicago Cop Who Beat A Handcuffed Black Woman Found With Trove Of Slur-Filled Websites,"Chicago Police Sergeant George Granias  abuse of a black woman he arrested and falsely accused of driving drunk has a very disturbing internet habit. During an investigation into his December 2013 arrest and subsequent beating of Patassa Johnson, URL s with names like  n**gadown.com  and  n***gaguns.com  were discovered owned by Granias. There were also violent URL s like  murdertech.com.  The websites were discovered with a simple internet search of Granias by Johnson s lawyer, Brenden Shiller.According to the Daily Beast, Johnson is expected to get $185,000 from the City of Chicago. The driving under the influence charge was dropped. The lawsuit says that Johnson suffered an unbelievably harrowing experience at the hands of this racist cop:The officer cuffed her in the back of a squad car and drove her to a police station, where  Granias grabbed [Johnson] from the back of the car,  and roughly escorted her into the station, according to a lawsuit Johnson filed against the city in 2015.  Inside the station, Defendant Granias beat [Johnson] while [Johnson] was in hand-cuffs. Brenden Shiller says of discovering the racist websites that were registered to Grainias   some as recently as 2013: We came across that URL and said what the hell is this? He made it live and accessible to the public. You can create a website, but Google wouldn t know about it unless you make it live and accessible. In addition to the racist websites, Granias has three other disciplinary remarks on his police record, all of them related to abuses of power. Nevertheless, he remains in this position of great power at the Chicago Police Department as we speak. Further, I d be willing to bet that for every mark on that record, there are ten incidents that he covered up.This is clearly a man who has issues with violence and is most definitely a racist. The Chicago Police Department should have fired him immediately and made it clear to any other departments that Granias might apply to that he is unfit for duty.This is the kind of negligence that gets people killed. Hopefully, this guy is brought up on charges for what he did to this poor woman, but I won t hold my breath on that one.Watch a local news report on this case below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
862, Latest House Vote Proves Republicans Are Ready To Go Down With The Russian Ship,"With the release of the email chain that proves that Donald Trump Jr., Paul Manafort and Jared Kushner met with the Russians with the idea of getting dirt on Hillary Clinton; after Jared Kushner (Donald Trump s son-in-law) failed to disclose multiple meetings with Russians (which is a crime), he has managed to keep his security clearance. Democrats tried to do something about it, but Republicans, who are apparently with Trump till the very end, stopped them.House Democrats proposed an amendment that would strip Kushner of his security clearance. Republicans certainly have to be seeing the writing on the wall at this point   Trump and his crew (especially Kushner) are going down   but instead of using this opportunity to tell their constituents that they truly stand for law and order, Republicans are digging their heels and are prepared to go down with the ship (excuse the mixed metaphor). They blocked the amendment.Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Fla.), who chaired the Democratic National Committee during much of last year s campaign cycle, proposed an amendment targeting Kushner during a House Appropriations Committee markup session Thursday. It was voted down, 22-30, along party lines.The measure would have barred the government from issuing or maintaining a security clearance for any White House individual  under a criminal investigation by a Federal law enforcement agency for aiding a foreign government. This amendment is an important step in protecting the American people from the threat of hostile foreign interference. That is not a controversial or a political goal,  Wasserman Schultz said during the hearing. Revoking Jared Kushner s security clearance would send a clear signal to anyone who would consider aiding and abetting a foreign enemy state to affect the outcome of a U.S. presidential election that they will not be entrusted with our nation s most sensitive information,  she added.Source: Huffington PostThis proves that Republicans have lost all claims to patriotism. They have put party and even Russia before country. That s okay, though. The Trump ship is sinking and Republicans who refuse to jump off will pay dearly at the polls.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
863, Trump: ‘Most People’ Would Commit Treason Like My Son If Given The Opportunity (VIDEO),"If you ve been living under a rock for the past few days, you re probably unaware that Donald Trump Jr. committed treason. After lying about it and realizing that wouldn t work, he tweeted out evidence of his guilt   something that for some reason doesn t have the Right up in arms like it would if anyone else did it.Trump Jr. received an email from a friend of his father s who helped the Trump family with the Miss Universe pageant in Moscow in 2013. Trump Jr. was told that a Kremlin-connected lawyer was offering him damaging information about Hillary Clinton on behalf of the Russian government.According to Donald Trump, this is perfectly normal. You or I, he says, would have made the decision to knowingly collude with a hostile foreign government for personal gain. I think from a practical standpoint, most people would have taken that meeting. It s called opposition research or even research into your opponent,  Trump told reporters at a press conference in Paris Thursday.The New York Times reports that this is not standard, and that the only parallel in U.S. history involves Richard Nixon:There is only one known historical parallel to the Trump campaign s contacts with the Russians, and it involves Richard M. Nixon. Running for president in 1968, Nixon told H. R. Haldeman, his eventual White House chief of staff, to  monkey wrench  peace talks in Vietnam in order to scuttle any deal that would have handed Hubert Humphrey, the Democratic nominee, a political victory in the closing days of the election.Nixon, a former senator and vice president, had a relationship with the South Vietnamese government. Earlier in the year, he had met with the country s ambassador and brought along Anna Chennault, a prominent Chinese-American Republican. As the author John A. Farrell writes in his new book,  Richard Nixon: The Life,  which reports the  monkey wrench  instructions, the call between Nixon and Haldeman took place on Oct. 22, 1968, and Haldeman dutifully jotted down what he was told.A group of aides to Ronald Reagan did meet in the fall of 1980 with an individual claiming to be an emissary from the Iranian government, but that person s legitimacy was never determined.The Trump family says that the meeting was not important because no usable information came from it (though Trump himself tweeted about Hillary Clinton s emails for the first time about 20 minutes after the meeting ended)   like if you rushed into a store with a gun to rob it and had to retreat after slipping on the freshly mopped floor. To Trump, your intentions nor the gun matter   only that it didn t benefit you.This sort of thing doesn t happen with respectable politicians. When a Russian ambassador reached out to John F. Kennedy and his democratic primary opponent Adlai Stevenson in 1960, both candidates rebuked him.This is not normal. This is not acceptable. Trump must be impeached before the damage he does is irreversible.Watch Trump talk out of his ass below:Featured image via screengrab",0
864," David Letterman Is Sick And Tired Of Trump’s Constant Whining, Has PERFECT Solution To Stop It","This needs to happen.David Letterman is no stranger to dealing with Donald Trump. The comedy legend humiliated Trump repeatedly as host of The Late Show. And since retiring, Letterman hasn t shied away from commenting on Trump s dumpster fire presidency when he is asked about it.During an interview with the Associated Press on Monday, Letterman made it clear that he is sick of Trump s constant whining and offered a brilliant solution. We know there s something wrong, but what I m tired of is people, daily, nightly, on all the cable news shows telling us there s something wrong,  Letterman said before calling for action. I just think we ought to direct our resources and our energies to doing something about it,  Letterman continued.  And other people have made this point: If the guy was running Dairy Queen, he d be gone. This guy couldn t work at the Gap. So why do we have to be victimized by his fecklessness, his ignorance? Indeed, Trump would have been fired long before now and definitely would not have even been hired after many of the things he has said in public. Ordinary American workers would no longer have a job if they repeated some of things Trump has said.Letterman also had a message for Trump s supporters. Letterman said he feels bad for them because they got duped into thinking Trump would be best for America. Letterman said that he wishes Trump would be the one who fixes the problems our country faces. But Trump is not the right person to get the job done. In fact, Trump should be ousted from office and placed  in a home  where he can get the medication he needs whenever he feels the need to rant uncontrollably. But it s just the behavior is insulting to Americans, whether you voted for him or not   and I feel bad for people who did vote for him because he promised them things that they really needed and one wonders if he s really going to come through. I know there s trouble in this country and we need a guy who can fix that trouble. I wish it was Trump, but it s not, so let s just stop whining about what a goon he is and figure out a way to take him aside and put him in a home. David Letterman s solution is a great idea but the only place Donald Trump should really be right now is prison. Either that or a mental health facility.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
865, #BringBackObama Hashtag Blows Up On Twitter As Americans Share Memories (TWEETS),"The six months since President Donald Trump was inaugurated have been somewhat of an adventure, albeit not a particularly enjoyable one for most of us, so in the wake of Trump s latest turmoils involving himself, his son, and Russia, many took to Twitter on Wednesday while feeling more than just a little nostalgic, as the hashtag #BringBackObama started trending.Barack Obama supporters flocked to Twitter yesterday to share memories of a relatively more stable time in American history, posting photos and generally just yearning for a time now past, when the 44th President of the United States of America was still in power. Forget 44.5, I ll keep 44 until we get a real 45,  wrote @BerryMistyckle. My children came of age with a brilliant, courageous, soulful, decent president,  was contributed by @RavMABAY among many other tweets fondly reminiscing the days of the former leader of the free world.Once upon a time we had a president that was willing to deliver a speech under the rain. #LEGENDARY #bringbackobama #BringObamaBack https://t.co/PM6M7Ii3fL  Edgar Romero (@ed_romero93) July 12, 2017However, it wasn t all just praise and positive memories that were being shared, as there were plenty of Obama critics that wanted their voices heard, or at least their tweets read, too, slyly slipping the #BringBackObama hashtag into their tweets to attack the former President.Faux Progressive make excuses for Obama's Neoliberalism. Why? Obama punched down at black folks his entire Presidency. #BringObamaBack Nah.  Tim Black   (@RealTimBlack) July 12, 2017Sycophantic support of Obama despite his numerous failures caused you to be routed, democrats. #BringObamaBack pic.twitter.com/BOr0z7J6PS  AmishDriveBy ?? (@Amish_Drive_By) July 12, 2017#BringObamaBack so he can be prosecuted for his crimes. Spying on the American people, Logan act, sedition.  Nicole Andrews (@babycatcher16) July 12, 2017The Twitter debate erupted and raged on in the aftermath of Donald Trump Jr. releasing emails in which he accepted an offer to meet with a Russian lawyer who claimed to have damning information on Hillary Clinton, his father s opponent in the presidential race, as well as being told the Russian government backed Trump Sr s presidential candidacy.It is still unknown whether the President s son released all of the email contact he had with Russia, later published in the New York Times, but it definitely contradicts the months of denial of any dealings with the Russian government that has been coming out of the Trump camp   a story they ve described as a  witch hunt. Barack Obama recently criticized the  absence of American leadership  shown under the Trump administration in a speech he delivered in Berlin in June. While current Gallup polls show that the majority of Americans agree with him, there are still many that are critical of Obama s eight years in office.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
866, WATCH: Anderson Cooper Throws MAJOR Shade At White House Aide Over ‘Fake News’,"An interview with CNN anchor Anderson Cooper and Sebastian Gorka Wednesday night went off the rails when the White House deputy assistant started lecturing the host on  fake news.  It s remarkable really because Gorka is  fake.  Even his PhD is fake and yet, he used to insist that everyone call him  Doctor.  Still yet, the fake doctor couldn t help himself and launched into a rant against  fake news. It s laughable. Your chryon talked about a  crisis,  Gorka told Cooper in response to a suggestion that the White House was in turmoil.  I actually work in the West Wing, I work in the White House, it is absolutely nothing of the kind. The president is a steam locomotive that can t be stopped. It s just fake news. I m sad to see CNN fall to this,  Gorka said.  I know you want salacious and sensational coverage for your ratings so your corporate sponsors and owners will have more money, but that s not media, that s not reportage. It s just fake news. Okay, I m just going to ignore the insults because I don t think it really gets us anywhere,  Cooper shot back.Cooper pressed Gorka over a tweet which Trump posted on Twitter saying the media often makes up its sources, despite the fact that Trump Jr. released the email chain which confirms The New York Times  reporting.Remember, when you hear the words ""sources say"" from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2017 I m giving you an opportunity right now to correct what the president said this morning. Because what he s alleging is that the reporting is fake and in fact, his son s own email chain shows that it s accurate. Do you deny that?  Cooper asked. No, I deny the fact that there is anything here that is untoward. Again this is an obsessive nine-month campaign,  Gorka said.An exhausted Gorka eventually said,  I thought we were going to talk about real issues, like what we re doing with our allies in France, defeating ISIS. I am going to ask you but you re not being honest, you re not being upfront,  Cooper responded. How many minutes are we in?  Gorka said. Are you a TV producer now?  Cooper fired back.  You re concerned about how many minutes we ve been talking? Do you have somewhere else to go? If you gotta go, you gotta go. You re falling into the fake news trap again,  said Gorka.  And it s sad, Anderson. You re shaking shiny objects to try to divert people, but I don t think viewers are really that easily diverted,  Cooper said. Do you know why the president s description of a witch hunt is accurate,  Gorka asked.  Because there never were witches. And there never was any collusion. It s bogus   Anderson, you re like a broken record. No, because I m not getting any answers from you,  replied Cooper. I m answering it. Every time,  said Gorka. No, you re responding,  said Cooper.  You re not actually answering because you re not actually being up front. Let s let the viewers judge,  Gorka said, who then mocked CNN s ratings. You used that line on Monday, and you know, it was sort of mildly amusing,  Cooper said.  But I think it s funny that you have enough time in the White House, which is apparently you re so busy, you re able to sit around [and] read Nielsen numbers. No, I had really good prep from my team, because the White House press team is superb,  Gorka said.  I don t deal with this stuff because I do have a day job. Watch a clip from the interview:.@andersoncooper fires back at @SebGorka:  I m just going to ignore the insults,  I don t think it gets us anywhere https://t.co/CbyGcCWsLd  Anderson Cooper 360  (@AC360) July 13, 2017Cooper brought up that CNN apologized for an inaccurate story but Trump has never corrected his errors. Later in his show, Cooper described Gorka as  the Hungarian Don Rickles. While the Trump administration would love for everyone to think that everything is fine, the White House is in crisis.Image via screen capture. ",0
867, Dem Senator On Trump World: ‘They Lie As Easily As They Breathe’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s White House is in more turmoil than ever, as it turns out that Donald Trump Jr. just provided the entire world with email evidence that he was more than willing to collude with a Russian national to try and fix an election by collecting dirt on 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.Ever since the fact that Trump Jr. met with a shady Russian lawyer came out, everyone in Trump World has been spinning madly in order to try and make all of this potentially criminal activity seem like it means nothing. More than anything, they have lied through their teeth to do so. Well, there is one person who is willing to call them out for being lying liars: Democratic Senator Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island.Senator Whitehouse appeared on MSNBC s All In with Chris Hayes on Wednesday evening, and ripped the folks in Trump World a new one on this issue. He also said that the Trump Jr. emails take on a new legal meaning   and that it means people need to stop talking to the press and start talking under oath. Of course, for pathological liars, this is a huge deal, because lying under oath is a crime.Senator Whitehouse said to host Chris Hayes: If there s been a legal violation here   and this very strong indications that there has   then you re dealing with things like indictments, and the House potentially beginning impeachment proceedings, and people having to start talking under oath, instead of you know, talking out on the airwaves, where they lie as easily as they breathe. BOOM! That is exactly what we need to hear. These people are covering something up, and that becomes more evident by the hour. Donald Trump himself might be protected from criminal indictments   the idea of indicting a sitting president is definitely an open question   but whether or not the people around him can be indicted certainly is not.Thank you, Senator Whitehouse for speaking truth to power. Keep it up, and we might just get rid of this criminal excuse for an administration yet.Watch the video below:Whitehouse: ppl may have to start talking under oath instead of in media where they ""lie as easily as they breathe"" https://t.co/KEAk4jYJM3  All In w/Chris Hayes (@allinwithchris) July 13, 2017Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
868," California Rep Gets The Ball Rolling, Files First Article Of Impeachment Against Trump","California Democratic Representative Brad Sherman has decided that enough is enough and has taken matters into his own hands.Sherman believes Donald Trump committed obstruction of justice by firing former FBI Director James Comey during the agency s investigation into Russia s ties to the US election and has filed the first formal article of impeachment against the President of the United States.The United States Constitution states that impeachment of a President is a possibility if guilty of  treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors  and obstruction of justice just happens to be a felony under federal law.Sherman said in a statement issued on Wednesday that he doesn t expect impeachment to happen right away, rather that he is trying to promote the idea of an intervention in the White House. For Trump to actually be impeached, articles must pass the House with a majority vote   something that will be borderline impossible in a Republican-controlled chamber.There is hope, however, as Texas Republican Representative Al Green has publicly expressed his support for the impeachment of President Trump, so hopefully, others might follow suit.Sherman s article lists other actions that President Trump has allegedly taken, besides the Comey firing, that could potentially be grounds for his impeachment. These include James Comey s allegation that Trump asked him to  let this go  in reference to an FBI investigation into Michael Flynn, the former National Security Advisor, and his ties to Russia.Comey s firing is still the cornerstone of the article. With Sherman claiming that Trump did so in relation to the handling of the Russia investigation, the California Representative might have a valid point   namely the President telling NBC s Lester Holt,  When I decided to just do it, I said to myself   I said, you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made-up story. I have introduced H.Res. 438 Articles of #Impeachment of Donald J. Trump for Obstruction of Justice. Statement here: https://t.co/0gKr8ZFg3c pic.twitter.com/yUTDAnPFuJ  Rep. Brad Sherman (@BradSherman) July 12, 2017However, not all Democrats are on board with Sherman. When he first started circulating drafts of the article in June, fellow Democratic Representative Michael Capuano reportedly stood up at a party meeting and branded Sherman as  selfish. Only time will tell how his efforts play out.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
869, Apparently Donald Trump Has An Imaginary Xenophobic Friend Named Jim,"Now that we ve known Donald Trump well for a while now, we should all know that the man who occupies the Oval Office (for now) likes to make sh*t up. His mind even manufactures people, like his former spokesman John Barron, who was actually Trump. Since the campaign trail, though, Trump has been talking about his friend  Jim,  and much like John Barron, Jim doesn t appear to exist.A few weeks ago, the New York Times published an incredibly long and comprehensive list of all the lies Donald Trump has told, just since taking office. That was a few weeks ago, though   before the G20 and before he claimed his son had a meeting with Russians about his campaign and that Trump Sr. knew nothing about it.Between Trump s regular pattern of lying and the fact that he already has a pattern of making people up, it shouldn t be a surprise that the media hasn t been able to find his friend Jim. Oh, and by the way, Jim is kind of a xenophobic asshole.The way Trump tells it   Jim is a friend who loves Paris and used to visit every year. Yet when Trump travels to the city Thursday for his first time as president, it s unlikely that Jim will tag along. Jim doesn t go to Paris anymore. Trump says that s because the city has been infiltrated by foreign extremists.Whether Jim exists is unclear. Trump has never given his last name. The White House has not responded to a request for comment about who Jim is or whether he will be on the trip.Source: Washington PostThis isn t the first time Jim has complained about all the brown people in Paris. In February, Trump told an audience that Jim loved Paris, but alas, he doesn t go there anymore because  Paris is no longer Paris. While anecdotes, often exaggerated, have long been a tool for political orators, we can t think of anyone who has made up an imaginary friend. That s just weird.Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
870," Republican Stuns CNN Host, Wants To Starve Americans To Pay For Trump’s Border Wall (VIDEO)","As if the Republican Party couldn t possibly look any worse thanks to Donald Trump s exploding Russia scandal, some of the party s top members are hellbent on destroying conservatives  reputation even further.On Wednesday morning, Rep. Steve King (R-IA) went on CNN to propose a heartless, revolting solution to getting Trump s border wall paid for. King is apparently accepting Mexico s refusal to pay for Trump s moronic border wall (even as Trump still insists that the country will pay) and has come up with another solution   cutting food assistance to low-income Americans! And while he s at it, he d also like to slash Planned Parenthood funding.This disgusting suggestion came up when Alisyn Camerota asked King if he would be  comfortable with providing $1.6 billion of taxpayer money not from Mexico to bill that wall?  This question was prompted by the House Republicans  threat to Democrats on Tuesday, where they suggested a government shutdown if $1.6 billion for the border wall wasn t included in the 2018 budget. King responded: Absolutely yes and more. And I d throw another $5 billion on the pile, and I would find half of a billion of dollars of that right out of Planned Parenthood s budget. And the rest of it could come out of food stamps and the entitlements that are being spread out for people who have not worked in three generations. Camerota, of course, was speechless. She did a double take and asked: You want to take food from people who are on the lowest rung in terms of the nation s safety net and their children, in terms of foot stamps you re happy to take money from them in order to give the $1.6 billion for the border wall? King tried to defend himself, stating that the border wall would create jobs. Then, he jumped to the school lunch program that Michelle Obama had created. He said: I would just say let s limit it to that anybody who wants to have food stamps, it s up to the school lunch program, that s fine. You can watch King turn into an absolute piece of sh*t below:These food stamps   provided by the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)   are responsible for assisting 45 million people. Trump has already proposed that this program be cut 25% over the next 10 years, and King wants to cut it even more to support an ineffective border wall that most Americans strongly oppose. By cutting SNAP and Planned Parenthood funding, King is solidifying himself as a conservative who doesn t care about low-income Americans. He s truly living up to the GOP s reputation.Featured image via Justin Sullivan / Getty Images",0
871, Americans Gloriously Mock Trump After He Brags About How Little TV He Watches (TWEETS),"Nothing is wrong. Pay no attention to the fire raging all around you. All is well.This is the message coming out of the Trump White House in the wake of his son s admission that he and multiple others members of the campaign and the administration knowingly met with a Kremlin-connected lawyer who would be presenting them with damaging information about Hillary Clinton. On behalf of the Russian government. In Trump Tower. Just before The Donald tweeted about Hillary Clinton s emails for the first time.In fact, things are going so well, says Trump, that for the first time in his life he has no time to watch  the shows    you know, those things he tweets clips of as he obsessively consumes right-wing  news. The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform & many other things,  Trump tweeted.  I have very little time for watching T.V. This appears to be a response to reports that The Donald has blown one or several gaskets over coverage of his son committing treason   perhaps because he knows he s next.Trump s  TV  remark is strange given that he probably watches more TV than you and me combined, doubled and squared, then multiplied by eleventeen (NOTE FOR CONSERVATIVES:  Eleventeen  is not a real number; you don t have to learn anything new, don t worry).The White House, which is plagued by legitimate scandals (unlike the years of bullsh*t surrounding President Obama s mustard preferences and Hillary Clinton s nonexistent child prostitution ring), is absolutely not functioning properly   and Americans were glad to stop by to tell Trump what they thought of his new ridiculous tweet:Trump retweets Fox & Friends almost daily. Little time for watching TV!? Stop lying. He s a couch potato.  Adam Best (@adamcbest) July 12, 2017Says the guy who regularly rage tweets things he just saw on TV  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) July 12, 2017And when something is  functioning perfectly,  you don t usually have to point it out. Perfect function is something that speaks for itself  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) July 12, 2017pic.twitter.com/dgbGXMUNpi  Mike Rundle (@flyosity) July 12, 2017You ve retweeted @FoxandFriends three days in a row. You clearly watch TV  Edward Hardy (@EdwardTHardy) July 12, 2017LOL https://t.co/TWVhmn0EC5  Media Matters (@mmfa) July 12, 2017#collusionburger #treasonburger I m a Christian too. Trump = Judas. He sold America for 30 rubles. pic.twitter.com/ehGvPRSqot  Susan   (@susanmitch7) July 12, 2017 I have very little time for watching TV,  he said, responding to reports on TV.  Mike Le (@WriterLe) July 12, 2017No time for TV. Literally all the time in the world for tweets.  Craig Stone (@craigstone_) July 12, 2017If my husband came home and randomly said  I have very little time for an affair,  I would be very suspicious.  Dani Bostick (@danibostick) July 12, 2017Trump s TV viewing habits are well-known by now, so we know he s watching   he is just terrified of what he sees.Featured image via screengrab/Getty Images",0
872," US Experiences Surge In Hate-Based Incidents Since Trump’s Election, Particularly On College Campuses","Since Donald Trump s November 8 election victory, there has been a significant rise in hate-based threats and attacks in the United States, with the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) documenting 1,863 such incidents between then and April, at least 330 of which took place on college campuses. In fact, in the 10 days following the election, there was an average of 87 incidents per day!At the peak of these occurrences immediately following the election, there was a 500 percent spike in bias-based incidents when compared to daily hate crimes reported by the FBI for all of 2015. To be completely honest, these types of incidents have decreased slightly in recent months, but the most troubling part of this whole situation is the increase in the severity of the attacks.What makes these incidents even more frightening is the sheer amount that occur on college campuses, thanks mostly to an upsurge in white supremacists campaigning and recruiting in American colleges. It is getting so bad that the SPLC has documented more than 135 incidents of white supremacist and nationalist recruitment efforts on US campuses since the commencement of the 2016 academic year. It s a definite uptick, and they ve been making a concerted effort to flyer and paper as many campuses as they possibly can,  says Lecia Brooks, the SPLC s outreach director, adding that the campaigning has notably increased since Trump s Presidential victory. It shouldn t be hidden,  Brooks said in reference to incidents documented at schools across the entire country.  The [university] administrations should always issue a strong statement of condemnation clearly stating who they [white supremacist groups] are and what they represent, encouraging students to disregard their recruitment [drives] and disavow their message. The result of these recruitment efforts is a huge escalation in hate-based incidents on college campuses, including Tommy Curry, an African-American philosophy professor at Texas A&M University, constantly receiving death threats via email and voice messages, the stabbing death of Richard W Collins, an African-American Bowie State University student, while visiting the University of Maryland and the election of Taylor Dumpson, American University in Washington DC s first African-American, female student-government president, being met with nooses tied around the campus with bananas labeled  Harambe Bait.  And those are only the tip of the iceberg. I think the most threatening part is that we re beginning to see this rise up again because people feel comfortable and they feel empowered to have these kinds of beliefs, and that s terrifying,  Dumpson said.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
873, Joe Scarborough Is A Republican No More (VIDEO),"Joe Scarborough, the former Florida GOP congressman and host of MSNBC s Morning Joe, announced during his appearance on Late Night with Stephen Colbert on Tuesday night that he is leaving the Republican party, stating  I am a Republican, but I m not going to be a Republican anymore.  He later said he was going to become an Independent.The announcement comes merely weeks after President Donald Trump launched a scathing Twitter attack against Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski, his Morning Joe co-host, in late June, where the President not only criticized the program s ratings, but referred to Scarborough as a  psycho  and Brzezinski as  low I.Q.  and  crazy , then taking it a step too far, attacking her physical appearance from an encounter earlier in the year, claiming she was  bleeding from a facelift. to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017The Twitter attack a fortnight ago wasn t the first time Trump s party had criticized the show, calling the program  the worst case of Trump Derangement Syndrome  in a press release in May. Once a respected forum for intelligent discourse, the program has turned into 3 hours of far-left hysteria, filled with more faux scandal and innuendo than a bad episode of Gossip Girl,  RNC Deputy Communications Director Michael Reed continued in the release to reporters.Scarborough initially responded to the President s dishonorable late-June Twitter attack with dignity.  Nothing that Mika and I did in setting up this meeting was any different than what all good reporters and news hosts try to do daily,  he said of the Mar-a-Lago encounter. Brzezinski, on the other hand, decided to fight fire with fire, taking to Twitter to mock Trump in a rather subtle way by posting a picture of a Cheerios packet.pic.twitter.com/8YhzcCUwM1  Mika Brzezinski (@morningmika) June 29, 2017The feud continued to get worse, with the morning show duo claiming that White House staff told them that Trump would have a story run about them in the National Enquirer unless they  begged  for it to be killed, Scarborough adding that he had evidence to back these claims.Finally, enough is enough and Joe Scarborough wants to denounce any and affiliation with President Trump, even if that means no longer identifying as a Republican. Watch his announcement here:.@JoeNBC announced that he's leaving #GOP to become an Independent. @StephenAtHome's full interview with Joe and @morningmika airs tonight! pic.twitter.com/OhLgXvYakH  The Late Show (@colbertlateshow) July 11, 2017 Featured image via Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images ",0
874, Eric Trump Gives DUMBEST Defense For His Brother’s Russia Scandal,"The White House is getting really nervous today after Donald Trump Jr. tweeted out damning copies of an email chain of a discussion about setting up a meeting with a Kremlin-connected Russian lawyer in order to obtain dirt on Hillary Clinton. Also at the meeting was Trump s son-in-law, Jared Kushner and the alleged president s former campaign manager, Paul Manafort. The meeting was held in Trump Tower in 2016, but the amateur president claims to know nothing about it   even though he touts himself as a micromanager.Junior s brother, Eric Trump, stepped in to defend him on Twitter Tuesday. By the way, Junior s father has been strangely quiet on Twitter since the news broke but Eric put his juice box down and took to his Twitter account to defend his scandal-plagued brother. This is the EXACT reason they viciously attack our family! They can t stand that we are extremely close and will ALWAYS support each other,  Eric Trump tweeted.This is the EXACT reason they viciously attack our family! They can't stand that we are extremely close and will ALWAYS support each other. https://t.co/1f7JqxScMr  Eric Trump (@EricTrump) July 11, 2017Eric said that while retweeting a video clip posted by United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) and Brexit leader Nigel Farage who was defending Donald Trump Jr., saying the amateur president s (OK, he didn t say amateur but still) eldest son is being attacked for supporting his father.Twitter users could see that Eric s whiny defense sucked.Eric Trump proclaims the 60% of Americans who dont support his father hate close families. Yah, that's it. (Eric shhhh! Ur not helping.)  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) July 11, 2017Supermodel Chrissy Teigen weighed in.What happens when you see garlic  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) July 11, 2017Tweeting out a discredited racist to defend your family is admirably on-brand.  Dave Zirin (@EdgeofSports) July 11, 2017No, Eric. The reason we attack your family is that you're a bunch of corrupt imbecilities, driving our country like drunk monkies.  Kelly Scaletta (@KellyScaletta) July 11, 2017While playing victim Eric doesn t seem to realize that his brother tweeted out his own emails, which, by the way, threw Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort under the bus. In fact, he threw the entire White House under the bus.The subject line of the emails was titled,  Russia   Clinton   private and confidential. This is obviously very high level and sensitive information but is part of Russia and its government s support for Mr. Trump,  Rob Goldstone, who set up the meeting, wrote. If it s what you say I love it,  Trump Jr. said in response to the potential information on Hillary Clinton.Well now! Maybe Junior, Jared and Paul Manafort were attacking Hillary because they can t stand that her family is  extremely close. Trump responded to the email dump by his own son in a statement Tuesday, saying that Don Jr.  is a high-quality person and I applaud his transparency. Except that the only reason Junior was  transparent  was because he was caught. Junior outed his emails before the New York Times could publish them.Photo by Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images.",0
875, Donald Trump Finally Put ‘Make America Great Again’ To Song And It’s Gross,"After last week s G-20 meeting, where Donald Trump was more pariah than world leader, he tweeted a video compilation from the meeting. The amateurish editing isn t even the story, though. It was all set to the most gawdawful, dictatorial sounding music you ve ever heard.The video shows several brief clips of a sour-faced Trump during the G-20 and the soundtrack was a group singing  Make America Great Again  in a way that would make most high school choir directors cringe. Hell, it should make most Americans cringe. Kim Jong-Un might be taking notes.MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! pic.twitter.com/NVDVRrWLs4  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 9, 2017The music was performed by the First Baptist Church of Dallas, and among some other random patriotic sounding BS, the words  Make America Great Again  is repeated ad nauseam (and you will feel nauseated), no less than nine times. The creep factor didn t get by Twitter.Oh, and thanks First Baptist Dallas for this dreadful song.  Nicola A. Menzie (@namenzie) July 9, 2017Triggered? Our 12 year old President needed a photo recap video to feel relevant while the rest of the world ridicules his presence at #G20.  Eco (@TheSoundOfEco) July 9, 2017America was great before you.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) July 9, 2017But it is nice to know that in the modern era you can create a propaganda film in iPhoto  Amanda Deibert? ? (@amandadeibert) July 9, 2017Just watched Trump s MAGA song, his 4th of July wish to us. Not sure I ll be able to eat for the rest of the day. He defined narcissistic!!  Peter Norvid (@PNorvid) July 4, 2017 Truly music to start nuclear wars to. /Trump posts  MAGA  song on Twitter & it feels very N Korea https://t.co/DiJt9hNkwZ  Kelly B (@KellyBrouse) July 5, 2017Of course, Trump needs all the media coverage he can get right now, whether it s positive or not   as long as it s not about Russia.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images.",0
876, Trump Jr.’s Lies About To Be EXPOSED; Meeting With Russian Lawyer Allegedly Recorded,"The entire weekend, and now the beginning of the week, has had the news cycle spinning madly with news of the meeting Donald Trump Jr., Jared Kushner, and Paul Manafort had with a shady Russian lawyer during the 2016 presidential campaign. The plot has thickened as Trump Jr. s stories regarding the reasons for the meeting and the nature of the conversations that took place there kept changing. Finally, things really exploded on Tuesday, when Lord Cheeto s mini me was forced to tweet out the actual emails that led to this meeting   because if he hadn t the New York Times would have printed them for him. Said emails show that Trump Jr. knew he was meeting Russians for the explicit purpose of possibly gathering information that would damage the Clinton campaign.As if all of that isn t looking grim enough for Trump s eldest tyke, it seems that the meeting may have been recorded. Claude Taylor, who has worked on three Democratic presidential campaigns, tweeted out that potentially damning fact:A source with knowledge of the investigation tells me that IC had ""ears on"" Russian lawyer. The meeting was recorded. Donald, Jr is toast.  Claude Taylor (@TrueFactsStated) July 10, 2017Now, we all know that the Trumps routinely lie. They prove that all the time. Trump Jr. s story has changed radically over the course of the last few days alone. That in and of itself really should warrant scrutiny from the House and Senate Intelligence Committees, as well as Special Counsel Robert Mueller. In the meantime, Jared Kushner s security clearance needs to be revoked immediately, as he is a national security threat.As for Donald Trump Jr.   if this meeting really was recorded, Claude Taylor s tweet is correct. He s toast. He has put out false statement after false statement, and something tells me he s still not telling everything the way it really went down. It should only be a matter of time before the entire Trump criminal enterprise is in jail.Featured image via John Sommers II/Getty Images",0
877, Trump Jr.’s Accomplice That Set Up Russian Meeting Checked In For It On Facebook (TWEETS),"If you haven t heard, Donald Trump Jr. recently tweeted out emails between himself and Rob Goldstone, a right-wing opposition researcher who was acting as an intermediary between a Kremlin-connected Russian lawyer who promised harmful information about Hillary Clinton.Goldstone arranged a meeting between  Russian government attorney  Natalia Veselnitskaya and Trump Jr. at Trump Tower on June 9 of last year where he would receive the information as part of Russia and its government s support  of the Trump campaign.Here is page 4 (which did not post due to space constraints). pic.twitter.com/z1Xi4nr2gq  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 11, 2017The meeting was attended by Veselnitskaya , Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump s husband Jared Kushner and former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort. Apparently, Goldstone was there too because he checked in on Facebook at Trump Tower for the meeting:""Preparing for meeting."" I'm dying! pic.twitter.com/jC5UpPUyhQ  Shari Nilsson (@sharicn) July 11, 2017He was also there in February, though the reason is yet unknown.Interestingly, Goldstone celebrated Trump s election by posting this picture to Instagram:Here's his instagram day after election pic.twitter.com/iXgjcDoaDO  MaggyResistant (@Maggyw519) July 11, 2017Just for fun, here are a couple more photos of him that people have found showing him to be a truly stand-up individual:Well, you are talking about this guy  pic.twitter.com/QPJSaB6wBE  Princess Leah ? (@PrincessLeahSh) July 11, 2017 pic.twitter.com/Hz2vKNxnQY  Don The Con (@LyinDonTheCon) July 11, 2017Just in case The Donald tries to weasel out of this by saying that he has never personally met Goldstone or Veselnitskaya, here s a photo of that happening:Also have to love the photographic evidence of Trump and Goldstone previously meeting. Here they are together. Goldstone is circled. pic.twitter.com/FzdSgU4yeG  Trial Lawyer Richard (@TrialLawyerRich) July 11, 2017One thing to note that that, according to Goldstone s timeline, the meeting happened at around 4 PM. At 4:40 PM, Trump tweeted about Hillary s emails.How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted? https://t.co/gECLNtQizQ  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 9, 2016Let s be clear here: Trump Jr. knew the information he would receive was coming from a hostile dictatorship. He was told that it was part of the Russian government s backing of his father. He went anyway.Trump Jr. recently hired a criminal defense lawyer.Featured image via Instagram",0
878, The U.S. Constitution Just Ruined Trump’s Day: He’s Now Being Sued For His Twitter Activity (DETAILS),"For someone who is as vocal and outspoken as Donald Trump on social media, he has shockingly thin skin. Trump has been known to hide and run away from protesters both on and offline, unable to take the much-needed criticism that Americans are trying to offer. Because of Trump s fragile ego, it has been quite common for Trump to block other Twitter users for simply expressing their First Amendment rights. This habit, however, has landed Trump in deep sh*t. He s now being sued for it!On Tuesday, Trump and his top White House officials were sued by the Knight First Amendment Institute for blocking Twitter users simply because they were criticizing him. The case, which was filed in Manhattan federal court, states that this violates the Constitution and calls for Trump to stop blocking dissenting Americans immediately.Trump had been warned that this would happen. In June, the Knight First Amendment Institute sent a letter to Trump, his counsel, press secretary, and social media director, stating that they were representing two Twitter users that had been blocked after criticizing Trump. Trump failed to listen, and now the Institute is representing five more Twitter users who have been treated this way by the President.The complaint states that Trump s Twitter account is  a public forum under the First Amendment  because he and his staff are using it to make presidential announcements and constantly use it to communicate with the American people. Press secretary Sean Spicer has also called Trump s tweets  official statements  in the past.The complaint also states that Trump s blocking  imposes an unconstitutional restriction on their right to access statements that defendants are otherwise making available to the public at large. It also imposes an unconstitutional restriction on their right to petition the government for redress of grievances. Jameel Jaffer, the Knight Institute s executive director, said: President Trump s Twitter account has become an important source of news and information about the government, and an important forum for speech by, to, or about the president. The First Amendment applies to this digital forum in the same way it applies to town halls and open school board meetings. The White House acts unlawfully when it excludes people from this forum simply because they ve disagreed with the president. The Knight Institute is calling on the court to declare Trump s viewpoint-based blocking  unconstitutional, force Trump to unblock the plaintiffs and have Trump pay for their legal fees.It s about time something like this caught up with Trump. He s conducted himself as the least transparent, and less interested POTUS when it comes to listening to the American people. He tries to silence and drown out all of the dissenting voices around him, instead of actually considering that there might be a reason behind his historically low approval rating. Trump is not a dictator, and he cannot take away Americans  First Amendment rights, not even when their free speech opposes him. It s about time he learned.Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
879, Idiot Donald Trump Jr. Just Released Russian Email Chain — He’s Toast (IMAGES),"Donald Trump Jr. may have been born with a silver spoon in his mouth, but he seems to be lacking the  superior genes  his father claims as a birthright. On Tuesday morning, while in the middle of being a focus of the scandal that will rock his father s administration, he tweeted the email chain that very literally implicates him in colluding with the Russians. Yes, it s that bad.The chain was from June 6, 2016, and it was about setting up the meeting between Trump Jr, Paul Manafort (Trump s campaign manager at the time) and Jared Kushner.Here s my statement and the full email chain pic.twitter.com/x050r5n5LQ  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 11, 2017The smoking gun came in this one:Here is page 4 (which did not post due to space constraints). pic.twitter.com/z1Xi4nr2gq  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 11, 2017Twitter users were stunned, especially over this part, which explicitly states that Trump Jr. attended the meeting with the intention of getting dirt on Clinton, which he said he would  love. The documents  would incriminate Hillary and her dealings with Russia and would be very useful to your father,  read the email, written by a trusted intermediary, who added,  This is obviously very high level and sensitive information but is part of Russia and its government s support for Mr. Trump. If the future president s elder son was surprised or disturbed by the provenance of the promised material   or the notion that it was part of an ongoing effort by the Russian government to aid his father s campaign   he gave no indication.He replied within minutes:  If it s what you say I love it especially later in the summer. Source: NY TimesSo I think this is the part people will focus on as showing knowledge he was getting something of value from foreign source pic.twitter.com/b566VDVgkP  Rick Hasen (@rickhasen) July 11, 2017and this about the  thing of value  itself pic.twitter.com/Pm8kEMp24U  Rick Hasen (@rickhasen) July 11, 2017And as to proving  solicitation  or  coordination  under campaign laws, Trump Jr. says  If it s what you say I love it  pic.twitter.com/HVMLsYzDLB  Rick Hasen (@rickhasen) July 11, 2017You lied about the meeting  twice. Why are we supposed to believe you now? Like every other Trump, you re a fraud. pic.twitter.com/QYyIHmnkWR  Josh S nchez (@jnsanchez) July 11, 2017Donald Junior doesn t realize how incriminating this is?  Merrill Lynch (@MerrillLynched) July 11, 2017 I love the poorly educated!  pic.twitter.com/P0aiGIWHkn  Cor10ee (@cor10ee) July 11, 2017A prison romper to match Daddy s! pic.twitter.com/EsoHCZUasS  Mike Denison (@mikd33) July 11, 2017The only explanation for this apparent suicide tactic is to get out ahead of a New York Times story. They already had the emails.Trump Senior has been trying to distance himself from his son since the story broke on Monday, but as the New York Times notes, the meeting took place just three floors below his office. Even if Trump argues that Jr. and Kushner weren t officially part of his campaign, he can t make that claim about Manafort.This is serious stuff. Trump Jr. asked to see the information (solicitation), and such information would be considered to be a  thing of value.  It s both illegal to solicit and it s illegal for a campaign to accept a things of value from foreign entity, and it s hard to dispute that such  dirt  on an opponent wouldn t be a thing of value.A foreign national shall not, directly or indirectly, make a contribution or a donation of money or other thing of value, or expressly or impliedly promise to make a contribution or a donation, in connection with any Federal, State, or local election.This won t be the final shoe to drop, though. Rep. Adam Schiff (D-California) says that the Congressional intel committee has a lot more damaging information than the public knows. Thankfully, though, the Trump family keeps inching so much closer to hanging themselves.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
880, These Charts Show Why We’re All Screwed Under The GOP Health Care Bill,"During his presidential campaign, Donald Trump constantly made references to repealing and replacing  the disaster that is Obamacare  and Democrats collectively shuddered. We all knew that nothing good could come of this.Now after six months in office, despite discovering that nobody knew healthcare could be so difficult, President Trump is about to deliver on his campaign promise as the Senate returns from a one-week recess to get back to the task at hand; trying to come to an agreement on their new healthcare bill known as the Better Care Reconciliation Act (BCRA), one that they have predominately kept the public in the dark about.Things are looking bleak, however, as even the Republican party remains divided on a bill that is not only going to raise out-of-pocket costs and restrict access to services for many, but also cause tens of millions to lose their health insurance completely over the coming decade.These charts might be able to put the entire healthcare debacle into perspective:1. We All Know The Short-Term Medicaid Cuts Are Going To Suck: The new health care bill will save a ton of money, but roughly a quarter of those savings, or approximately $770 billion over the next decade, come from cuts to Medicaid. The result is that 15 million less people will be enrolled in Medicaid under the new GOP bill than compared to Obamacare:2. If You Thought That Was Bad, The Long-Term Effects Are Even Worse: The inflation rate for Medicaid spending beginning in 2025 is much slower, affecting those who rely on it the most, mainly children, the disabled, and the elderly. In fact, by 2036 federal Medicaid spending on children will be reduced by almost a third and by a quarter for the disabled and the elderly when compared to the current law according to an analysis by the health consulting firm Avalere Health:3. The Percentage Of Those Uninsured Will Rise In Every Single Age Bracket: That s right, under the BCRA 22 million people will lose their insurance (compared to 23 million under the version passed by the house) and every single age group will be affected, according to an assessment by the Congressional Budget Office:4. It Will Also Rise In Every State, Including Those Whose Overwhelming Majority Voted For Trump: Yes, the new bill will drive up the uninsured rate by at least 21% and even up to 300% in every state by 2022, a new study by the Urban Institute found:5. The Older and Poorer You Are, The More You Will Be Paying For Insurance Premiums If an analysis by the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities is to be believed, health insurance premiums are going to go through the roof, but those hit the worst will be older Americans:6. The Older Middle Class Will be Hit Pretty Hard Too, As Their Tax Credits Will Go Through The Floor: The Center for Budget and Policy Priorities  analysis also found that the tax credits that are available to help older people in the individual market afford health insurance are going to do just the opposite and plummet:7. Even Employer Plans Aren t Immune: The GOP s new bill cuts to Medicaid and individual market subsidies have given the 150 million Americans that receive their health insurance through their employer a false sense of security, but they re not safe, either. Not only will the new legislation bring back annual and lifetime limits in employer plans, as well as end penalties for companies that don t provide health insurance to their workers, but it will also allow employers to shift much of the cost of copays, deductibles and coinsurance onto their workers. The Center for American Progress calculated how many will feel the crunch:8. Hospitals Are Going To Feel The Crunch As Well: Hospitals aren t happy with the new bill and it is easy to see why, when you consider it will cause a large spike in uncompensated care for hospitals across all states: 9. Finally, The New Bill Will Cause Massive Job Loss, Particularly In The Health Care Sector: By 2026, more than 1.45 million jobs will be lost as a direct result of the BCRA go by the results of a report by the Commonwealth Fund and George Washington University. In fact, the report goes as far as to say that Every state except Hawaii would have fewer jobs and a weaker economy,  however, it s not just health care employment that will be affected, but also retail and construction as well:So if you thought this latest rewrite of the GOP s health care legislation didn t affect you, you more than likely thought wrongly. Even if it isn t your health care that is directly affected, chances are you will still feel the ripple effects of the bill on the economy, both on a state and national level.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
881, World Leaders Decide They Don’t Need The U.S. To Move Forward On Climate Change,"When it comes to the topic of climate change, other world leaders at the G20 summit in Hamburg have come to the conclusion that, since Donald Trump s controversial decision to pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate accord, they can get along just fine as a G19.At the summit s conclusion, the leaders of the other 19 countries took into account Trump s move to abandon the global climate agreement, and then signed off on a detailed blueprint for a new policy, the G20 Climate and Energy Action Plan for Growth, that outlines how their countries can meet their future goals on carbon emissions in the pact without the President of the United States. The move ended three days of tough negotiations of how to respond to Trump s dubious June 1 decision. This is a clear indication that the U.S. has isolated itself on climate change once again, and is falling back while all other major economies step up and compete in the clean energy marketplace created by the Paris Agreement estimated to be worth over 20 trillion dollars,  said Andrew Light, a senior climate change adviser at the State Department under former President Barack Obama.Initially, the G20 leaders had great difficulty in coming to an agreement on a common text on climate change, with America demanding a reference to fossil fuels. The climate section that was eventually signed off on took note of the US withdrawing from the Paris agreement, with other countries describing it as  irreversible,  yet also optimistically hinting that the country may one day buy back into the pact with references to the US approach to fossil fuels, stating, The United States of America states it will endeavor to work closely with other countries to help them access and use fossil fuels more cleanly and efficiently. French President Emmanuel Macron said he would continue to put pressure on President Trump on the issue of climate change and may even hold a follow-up summit meeting in Paris in December to move the Paris deal forward.Featured image via Ukas Michael   Pool/Getty Images",0
882, Trump’s Response When Told He Should Stop Tweeting Makes Him Sound Like A Whiny Toddler,"Donald Trump s tweeting is a source of endless nightmares for Republicans and White House staff. They can try to sugarcoat anything Trump does, but it s hard to put a positive spin on the ramblings of a clearly troubled man. A typical Trump tweet shot off in the early morning may, say, contradict an official statement. Or prove a White House talking point is a lie. Or contain basic grammar and spelling mistakes. And some have even been used in court to rule against the White House s attempted Muslim ban.Adding to that, Trump s tweets are a visual, daily reminder that our president is, at his heart, a complete moron. Take this classic two-piece of idiocy, for example:First Trump proudly announces he plans on creating a cyber team with the country that hacked America s last presidential election.Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 9, 2017Hours later, he screams that it isn t happening after Americans of all political stripes pointed out how stupid the idea was.The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can,& did!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 10, 2017His staff has privately told reporters that they spend a great deal of their time at the White House trying to find ways to get Trump to stop binge-watching Fox News and tweeting about whatever comes up on his favorite show, Fox and Friends. The struggle has, at times, descended into sheer lunacy.  During one of Trump s latest Twitter meltdowns, a despondent aide sent a reporter a simple message:Informed of the president s denial that he had recorded his conversations with Comey, a senior administration official replied,  At least that s behind us.  When alerted to his apparent suspicions of Oval Office surveillance, the official replied in a text message,  fml. What does Trump think about these attempts to save him from himself? It makes him angry.New York Times reporter Mark Leibovich filed a lengthy piece with a simple premise: The White House is a total-and-unending shitshow and Trump is at the epicenter. Leibovich was, in fact, in the room, when the idea of Trump s Twitter self-sabotage was brought up to the president. Trump s reaction speaks volumes.It was 12:30, but the president was not eating lunch. He was watching a recording of  Fox and Friends  from about four hours earlier on a large TV mounted on the wall. This was one of those stretches when Trump was tweeting a lot, including attacks on the mayor of London following a terrorist attack on the city the previous weekend. The tweets were becoming a growing topic of concern among Republicans, many of whom were urging him to stop. But like most reporters, I found his tweets far more illuminating than anything the White House press office could ever disgorge. I urged him to keep it up.Trump assured me that he would keep tweeting.  It s my voice,  Trump said of Twitter, enumerating how many millions of followers he had.  They want to take away my voice,  Trump said.  They re not going to take away my social media. In just two paragraphs, Leibovich documented Trump s insane Fox News viewing habits, the well-known patent dishonesty of the White House press office, and Trump s own spoiled brat way of looking at his Twitter habits. It takes Stephen King an entire novel to write anything half as scary as that snapshot of the man who currently controls America s nuclear arsenal.Featured image via Matt Cardy/Getty Images",0
883," Like Father, Like Son: Trump Jr. Wakes Up Tweeting Desperate Nonsense About The Press And Democrats","We re all used to seeing insane, nonsensical tweets from Donald Trump Sr, the so-called  president.  However, now that it is his son and namesake, Donald Trump Jr., who is in the hot seat at the moment.Over the weekend, the New York Times dropped several bombshells regarding a shady meeting with a Russian lawyer that Trump Jr., first son-in-law Jared Kushner, and former campaign manager and Kremlin toadie Paul Manafort engaged in during the height of the 2016 presidential campaign. The whole thing resulted in Trump Jr. eventually admitting that the whole purpose of the meeting was to get dirt from the Russians on Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.After all of this, it seems that Trump Jr., is following in his father s footsteps and watching coverage of himself on cable news. As Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA), the Ranking Member on the Intelligence Committee in the House of Representatives was making an appearance on Morning Joe, Trump Jr. was tweeting about what he was talking about with hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski and their guests. Obviously irritated, Trump Jr. said:Of course, this is just the sort of thing his father would tweet when the news cycle is focused on something unsavory regarding this travesty of a  presidency.  Therefore, it should come as no surprise that Jr. is doing the same thing. After all, the whole family seems like some kind of crazy, Children of the Corn carbon copy of their crazy father.The walls are closing in and they don t know what to do. The free press is still operating and speaking truth to power, despite the constant bullying of this autocratic, kleptocratic administration. They know it, too   after all, if you want to see desperation in action, just check the Twitter feeds of Donnie #1 and Donnie #2. The more aggravated the tweets, the better things are for the nation.Featured image via David Becker/Getty Images",0
884, Trump Jr. Was Told Before Meeting That Putin Wanted To Help His Daddy Win,"Things just keep getting worse for Donald Trump Jr. With the word  treason  floating around on both the Left and Right, the last thing he needs is more inconvenient facts coming out about his meeting with a Russian lawyer past what we already know. Fortunately for him, he had the foresight to hire a criminal defense lawyer before the other shoe dropped.Speaking of shoes dropping, new information has come out about that meeting. Not only did he go there with the intent of getting information about Hillary Clinton from the Russians, Trump Jr. was informed beforehand that the material was part of the Russian government s effort to help install his dad in the Oval Office.The New York Times reports:The email to the younger Mr. Trump was sent by Rob Goldstone, a publicist and former British tabloid reporter who helped broker the June 2016 meeting. In a statement on Sunday, Mr. Trump acknowledged that he was interested in receiving damaging information about Mrs. Clinton, but gave no indication that he thought the lawyer might have been a Kremlin proxy.Mr. Goldstone s message, as described to The New York Times by the three people, indicates that the Russian government was the source of the potentially damaging information. It does not elaborate on the wider effort by Moscow to help the Trump campaign. There is no evidence to suggest that the promised damaging information was related to Russian government computer hacking that led to the release of thousands of Democratic National Committee emails.According to Trump Jr., the meeting did not amount to much. For his light treason, he says, he received no information and they just chatted about an adoption program (yes, that s what he s going with).The adoption program in question was halted by Vladimir Putin in response to the Magnitsky Act, a U.S. law that blacklists Russian human rights abusers. Putin became so incensed that he decided American families may not adopt Russian children. The New York Times notes that Trump Jr. ended the meeting when the adoption program was brought up.The meeting was also attended by former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort and Ivanka Trump s husband, Jared Kushner   a lot of people for an innocent meeting about a Russian adoption program, but just the right amount for a little bit of treason.No inconsistency in statements, meeting ended up being primarily about adoptions. In response to further Q's I simply provided more details. https://t.co/FdT1D4hfhz  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 10, 2017To be clear, the meeting was not about adoption (though it was discussed), nor was it supposed to be. The meeting was about the Russian government delivering damaging information about Trump s political opponents to his lackeys.Trump Jr. was told this beforehand. He. Went. Anyway. His intent was to work with the Russian government against the United States, against our election, and for Vladimir Putin. There is no other way to describe what happened.It. Is. Treason.Featured image via Getty Images",0
885, Trump Jr.’s Latest Move Proves That Russia Investigation Is Closing In On Trump (DETAILS),"Proving that the biggest obstacle to his presidency is always going to be himself and his equally incompetent team and family, Donald Trump s Russia investigation has been blown wide open thanks to his idiot son, Donald Trump Jr.Unlike his brother, Eric, Trump Jr. takes after his father in having an equally offensive Twitter habit. Recently, Trump Jr. admitted that he d met with a Russian lawyer during his father s presidential campaign, putting him at the center of Trump s latest Russia controversy.Following the backlash and political consequences, Trump Jr. has now gotten himself a criminal defense lawyer, despite the fact that the Trump administration desperately tried to shrug his confession off as nothing. Trump Jr. s latest move proves that it was anything but. According to Reuters: Donald Trump Jr., the president s son, has hired New York lawyer Alan Futerfas to represent him in connection with Russia-related investigations, the lawyer and Trump Jr. s office said on Monday. Futerfas, a sole practitioner who specializes in criminal defense, would not say when he was retained or whether he had any input into the statements Trump Jr. made over the weekend about a meeting with a Russian lawyer. Just like with his father, legal experts are weighing in on what might happen to Trump Jr., and there are several who believe that Trump s son might actually find himself behind bars for violating federal laws.Trump Jr. s moronic confession is just the tip of the iceberg as far as evidence of Trump s collusion with Russia. No one should ignore that Trump Jr. s hiring of a criminal defense attorney is big news   because if Chelsea Clinton had done this, the GOP would scream and shout for Hillary s impeachment.Trump s administration is busy 24/7 trying to fix the ever-growing Russia scandal. They can t outrun it, as Trump and his inner circle continuously incriminate themselves. It is only a matter of time before this blows up in Trump s face.Featured image via John Sommers II / Getty Images",0
886, Sarah Huckabee Sanders Just Said The DUMBEST F*cking Thing About Trump Jr.’s Russia Collusion,"If you have been vacationing under a rock over the weekend, you might not be aware that Donald Trump Jr. did a naughty. No, he didn t go out hunting for  and killing more defenseless animals to pose with   he went hunting for Russians. Specifically, he went hunting for a Russian lawyer who claimed to have damaging information about Hillary Clinton. This was an effort to get opposition research on an opponent in an American political campaign from the Russians, who were known to be engaged in spying inside the United States,  former Bush ethics lawyer Richard Painter said Sunday of Trump Jr. s meeting. We do not get our opposition research from spies, we do not collaborate with Russian spies, unless we want to be accused of treason. If this story is true, we d have one of them if not both of them in custody by now, and we d be asking them a lot of questions,  Painter said.  This is unacceptable. This borders on treason, if it is not itself treason. Trump Jr. doesn t even bother disputing the truthfulness of the story, saying he did indeed collude with the Russians in hopes of gaining  helpful  information about his dad s political opponent. But he says that she had  no meaningful information  so his engaging in a little light treason is not an issue in the least. According to Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump s husband Jared Kushner and Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort also attended the meeting. Trump s son says he  had to listen  even if the meeting  went nowhere :Obviously I'm the first person on a campaign to ever take a meeting to hear info about an opponent  went nowhere but had to listen. https://t.co/ccUjL1KDEa  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 10, 2017Unsurprisingly White House spokesmoron Sarah Huckabee Sanders agrees with Trump Jr. that a little collusion with a Kremlin-connected lawyer isn t a hug deal. In fact, the only real problem is the people who exposed the details, she said during an off-camera press briefing: The only thing I see inappropriate about the meeting was the people that leaked the information on the meeting after it was voluntarily disclosed. Following the admission and the additional  leaked  details Trump Jr. left out, he hired a criminal defense attorney because he did absolutely nothing wrong and there s nothing to see here.Where there s smoke there s fire,   and there s a lot of very, very Russian smoke   enough to suffocate our country if nothing is done about it.Featured image via screengrab",0
887, Fox News Gives The Most Cringeworthy Reason Why Ivanka Deserved To Sit In At G20 (VIDEO),"Donald Trump and his favorite daughter, Ivanka, are still getting a lot of heat for the stunt they pulled at the G20 summit in Germany last week. The entire world was shocked when Trump stepped out of the G20 meeting and Ivanka took his seat and sat in for him at the leader s table   a move that earned Trump and his administration a massive amount of criticism and outrage.While most of the country was disgusted that Ivanka, who was not elected or qualified, was allowed to sit next to the attending world leaders, Trump and his daughter found refuge on Fox News  Outnumbered, who passionately defended their favorite dictator and his daughter. Ignoring the fact that this was highly inappropriate, Fox News  Jason Chaffetz and the rest of the Outnumbered panelists were more than happy to defend it. Chaffetz said: Ivanka Trump, she is part of the administration. She does have her father s ear. She can actually get things done. and they were talking about a topic in which she s personally engaged. I think it was wholly appropriate. If that wasn t ridiculous enough, the segment was made far worse by Harris Faulkner, who actually said that Ivanka was qualified to be at the G20 meeting because her products were  hot online.  Faulkner said: It must be so frustrating for Democrats not to have any low hanging fruit. They re grasping now. They re really grasping. She is there in a capacity of someone who has run a very successful corporation and her items are selling by the way, hot online. It really does not get any dumber than that   especially considering that Ivanka s brand has seen a major decline since her father s presidential campaign and failing presidency ruined the family s name and reputation. Fox News has been known to shamelessly promote Trump and his family, but this is just embarrassing.You can watch Fox News defend Trump and Ivanka below:Featured image via Sean Gallup / Getty Images",0
888, Trump Supporter Pleads Guilty To Tampering With Election Results In Iowa,"At the close of the election, upon finding out that he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump made the bold accusation that there were millions of illegal votes, most especially in California.Well, because irony is the favorite theme of the Trump administration, as truth would have it, it was actually a Trump voter who tried to cast illegal ballots for Trump in Iowa.According to CBS News: A woman from Des Moines, Iowa, pleaded guilty to election misconduct for attempting to cast two separate ballots in the 2016 presidential election for then-Republican nominee Donald Trump.According to the Associated Press, Terri Lynn Rote, 57, entered her plea for the felony charge on June 27. Court documents state that lawyers affiliated with the case are recommending Rote face up to two years of probation with community service on the side. Further: Rote told police why she tried to vote more than once. She was convinced her first vote for Mr. Trump would be manipulated and changed to a vote for then-Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. According to her statement to the police, Rote believed Mr. Trump s claims about widespread election rigging. So, if you thought Trump lying to his supporters didn t actually have an effect on them, you would be wrong. His lies not only were inaccurate but got this gullible voter in a lot of trouble.The irony of all of this is beyond hilarious considering we were all told by Trump that it was the liberals who were up to no good. And by saying it was the liberals who were up to no good caused his own supporters to literally be up to no good and attempt to tamper with election results thus resulting in a guilty plea.Between this and the Russia scandal, it s more than obvious the actual criminal was put in office by the Electoral College.Featured Image by Getty Images",0
889," Witness Debunks Trump’s Comey Crime Allegation, Sets Trump Up For Another Potential Libel Lawsuit","Trump has yet again accused on of his critics of a serious crime   and again the allegation evaporated within hours. The number of accusations made by the sitting president is shocking, but what s more, considering the weight they carry, they may set Trump up to face a series of libel lawsuits. The defendants are a who s who of people who have gotten in Trumps way. He accused Hillary of a series of unsubstantiated, often-vague crimes. He smeared Loretta Lynch. He falsely stated that Obama had illegally wiretapped him. He s slandered James Comey, the man he inappropriately fired for investigating him, on several occasions   all from the platform of his White House-backed Twitter account.After watching a badly-botched Fox and Friends report on the memos Comey wrote, Trump went onto Twitter to accuse Comey of a crime rather than learn the facts.James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 10, 2017Had he done any research, he would have seen that Fox s story was riddled with errors and no serious news organization would have ever run it. Instead, this happened:The Hill report  Fox News report  incorrect Fox & Friends tweet  Trump accuses Comey of breaking the lawhttps://t.co/DS7nhWZqcA via @pbump https://t.co/b4dR9hq0rg  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) July 10, 2017Within hours, Comey s friend and the source of the Comey memos proving Trump lied about his conversations with the FBI director, had publicly stated that what Trump was saying was a complete fantasy. Columbia University law professor Daniel Richman told NBC that nothing he received from Comey was classified, the things he passed along to the press were written accounts of what Comey chatted with Trump about, which is completely legal.No evidence has surfaced supporting that charge. Three of the memos were classified from the beginning, and were never shared with Richman, the professor tells NBC News.Of the remaining four, a small portion   much less than half   has been retroactively deemed classified, said a Congressional source familiar with the matter.What Trump did was take a misleading section of a story, blow it up into something it wasn t and then publicly accuse a former civil servant of committing a serious crime. All based on a botched news report on Fox s morning show.And his words have consequences.In a recent example, Trump sicced his loyalists on reporters for exposing his scandals, members of the media have noted a serious uptick in the number of death threats and slurs hurled at them. After CNN exposed the anti-Semite behind the meme Trump tweeted, Trump fans announced that they would be gathering in front of the reporter s home. Another reporter received even more disturbing threats.In the wake of that, I received numerous threats. I was told people wanted to shoot, strangle me, hang me, throw me out of a helicopter 3/  Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) July 3, 2017All of this pushes Trump into dangerous legal territory. It s easy to prove that when Trump falsely smears a person, that person suffers tangible losses to safety, reputation, and finance. A single tweet from Trump can mean your family receives death threats. Others will call for you to be fired or demand you resign. And you will now be known as a person accused by the president of the United States of a crime. Even if Trump only wants to use it as a weapon against his enemies and doesn t take it seriously, it still has costs to the victims.Trump should face libel lawsuits. Lots of them.Featured image via Ukas Michael   Pool/Getty Images",0
890, The Tweet Trump Sent THE DAY His Son Had Russian Collusion Meeting Is Disturbing As Hell,"It s kind of poetic: Russian help and Trump s tweets are largely what propelled him to the White House, and those two things may also bring about his downfall.On news that Trump s son, Donald Jr., scheduled a meeting during the campaign with a Russian lawyer promising  dirt  on Hillary Clinton, the microscope on Trump s shady campaign only intensified. He s tried everything to get it to stop, including firing the FBI director investigating him, but it s all starting to come out.Making matters worse for the White House, Donald Jr. keeps digging himself a deeper hole. First, he tried to cover up the meeting. Then when he got caught, he lied about the contents of the meeting. Then when he got caught again, he admitted, with no apparent awareness, that, yes, he had tried to collude with the Russians, but since he failed it wasn t wrong. (Note: hiring a hitman to kill your wife is a crime whether the hitman goes through with it or not.)On Monday, following a weekend of collusion evidence against him, Donald Jr. again brought out his gold-plated shovel and started digging.Obviously I'm the first person on a campaign to ever take a meeting to hear info about an opponent  went nowhere but had to listen. https://t.co/ccUjL1KDEa  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 10, 2017For what it s worth, staffers from other campaigns, both Republican and Democratic, have gone on record to say that there is a flat policy in election teams of handing over any information about an opponent seemingly obtained illegally or from a foreign adversary to law enforcement. Famously, Al Gore immediately summoned authorities when a shady person obtained Bush s debate prep notes.When Gore campaign was sent Bush debate brief book, they called FBI. If foreign interests offer you info on former SOS, you call the FBI.  stuart stevens (@stuartpstevens) July 10, 2017Most politicians hold themselves to that higher standard   Trump s team didn t.It gets worse.Liberal pundit and longtime thorn in Trump s side, Keith Olbermann, went ahead and checked out what Trump was up to the day his son was meeting with the Russians. It turns out, it was the very first day he decided to mention Hillary s emails.Guess what @realDonaldTrump did the same day Jr, Manafort, Kushner met that Russian? He sent his 1ST tweet about Hillary's ""33,000 emails"" pic.twitter.com/BAP9aEDcLE  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) July 10, 2017And three days later, Wikileaks dumped the Hillary campaign s emails, boosting Trump and ultimately helping him win the election.Coincidence?Featured image via Olivier Douliery   Pool/Getty Images",0
891, Trump Has Complete Meltdown And Attacks Chelsea Clinton In Defense Of His Nepotism At G-20,"Donald Trump threw an early morning temper tantrum on Twitter again.Last week, Trump let his daughter Ivanka take over for him at the G-20, giving her his seat at the conference table.National outrage ensued because Ivanka is not an elected official, nor does she have any political or diplomatic experience. The incident also served as a reminder of the nepotism practiced in Trump s White House.On Monday morning, Trump lashed out and actually attacked Hillary Clinton s daughter Chelsea in defense of his irresponsible decision to let Ivanka take his place.When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 10, 2017If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 10, 2017Someone should ask German Chancellor Angela Merkel about this, because it s likely she ll contradict Trump s claim.Of course, Bill Clinton never let Chelsea take his seat at the G-20, and President Obama certainly never let his daughter Malia take his seat at the G-20 either.Both would have been criticized for it and Hillary would have been criticized for it as well, especially by conservatives, who would have thrown the mother of all hissy fits.In fact, I don t think a president has ever let their kids take over for them in such way, so despite what Trump claims, it is NOT  very standard. Trump s effort to defend his bad decisions by bringing up what is very much now a hypothetical is pathetic. We ll never know if Hillary would have done such a thing because she isn t president. But Trump is, and that means his behavior is open for criticism.Besides, Chelsea Clinton herself responded to Trump and made it clear that her parents would never have considered doing what Trump did.Good morning Mr. President. It would never have occurred to my mother or my father to ask me. Were you giving our country away? Hoping not. https://t.co/4ODjWZUp0c  Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) July 10, 2017And Twitter users responded by blasting Trump to smithereens.HRC praised Trump s kids at a debate. Now Trump tries to use Chelsea as a political human shield. What a classless comment.  Adam Best (@adamcbest) July 10, 2017Let s get real. If Chelsea sat in POTUS HRC s seat for five minutes everybody from Sean Hannity to Paul Ryan would be screaming impeachment.  Adam Best (@adamcbest) July 10, 2017If Chelsea Clinton had been  asked to hold the seat for her mother , Republicans would have been outraged  Edward Hardy (@EdwardTHardy) July 10, 2017Nepotism and misogyny at the same time. Shameful.  Eugene Gu, MD (@eugenegu) July 10, 2017Is that what you were busy doing? Giving the country away?  Jemaine Clement (@AJemaineClement) July 10, 2017No, your side would be calling for @HillaryClinton s impeachment. https://t.co/DT9Zns7iew  Evan O Connell (@evanoconnell) July 10, 2017Chelsea also has a PhD in international relations. So .. she s sort of more qualified, yo  Andrea Kuszewski (@AndreaKuszewski) July 10, 2017Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
892," Marco Rubio Grows A Spine, Blasts Trump For Trying To Team Up With Putin","Alleged president Donald Trump announced on his Twitter timeline that he and Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed forming a cybersecurity unit and that s like joining forces with a pedophile to combat child abuse. Russia not only interfered with our 2016 presidential election but they also breached more than a dozen power plants, including a nuclear facility in Kansas.Even spineless Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) has had it with Trump s newest idea. On Sunday, Rubio took to his Twitter account to unleash a series of tweets to blast Trump s insane announcement.The Florida senator said Putin can never be a  trusted ally  or a  reliable partner. While reality & pragmatism requires that we engage Vladimir Putin, he will never be a trusted ally or a reliable constructive partner,  Rubio tweeted.While reality & pragmatism requires that we engage Vladimir Putin, he will never be a trusted ally or a reliable constructive partner. 1/3  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) July 9, 2017 Partnering with Putin on a  Cyber Security Unit  is akin to partnering with Assad on a  Chemical Weapons Unit.  We have no quarrel with Russia or the Russian people. Problem is with Putin & his oppression, war crimes & interference in our elections,  he continued.Partnering with Putin on a ""Cyber Security Unit"" is akin to partnering with Assad on a ""Chemical Weapons Unit"". 2/3  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) July 9, 2017 We have no quarrel with Russia or the Russian people. Problem is with Putin & his oppression, war crimes & interference in our elections,  he added.We have no quarrel with Russia or the Russian people. Problem is with Putin & his oppression, war crimes & interference in our elections 1/3  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) July 9, 2017While it s nice that Rubio blasted Trump s notion of partnering with Putin on cybersecurity, we await the Florida Senator s response to the bombshell report that was published Sunday evening in which the former reality show star s son, Donald Trump Jr., admitted to trying to collude with a Kremlin-connected Russian lawyer in order to get dirt on Hillary Clinton. Paul Manafort, the campaign s chairman at the time, and Jared Kushner, Trump s son-in-law and adviser, also attended the meeting at Trump Tower which took place just two weeks after Trump won his party s nomination.A spokesman for Trump s legal team said the amateur president was  not aware of and did not attend  the meeting which was in his building and attended by his daughter s husband.Let s hear Marco Rubio s opinion on that, too, since the Florida Senator admitted to Russia s  interference in our elections. Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
893, Presidential Lawyer Comes Forward; Says Trump Jr. May Have Committed Treason (VIDEO),"For as smug as he always appears to be, Donald Trump Jr. might want to wipe that entitled grin off his face. Especially when he finds out he may be going to prison.According to the New York Times: President Trump s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., was promised damaging information about Hillary Clinton before agreeing to meet with a Kremlin-connected Russian lawyer during the 2016 campaign, according to three advisers to the White House briefed on the meeting and two others with knowledge of it. And now, coming forward is Richard Painter, a former White House ethics lawyer who served under former President George W. Bush, and is telling us that what Trump Jr. has allegedly done  borders on treason. Painter said: This was an effort to get opposition research on an opponent in an American political campaign from the Russians, who were known to be engaged in spying inside the United States We do not get our opposition research from spies, we do not collaborate with Russian spies, unless we want to be accused of treason. Adding: If this story is true, we d have one of them if not both of them in custody by now, and we d be asking them a lot of questions This is unacceptable. This borders on treason, if it is not itself treason. The punishment for treason is: Whoever, owing allegiance to the United States, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than $10,000; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States. It is absolutely one of the worst crimes, if not the worst crime, one can commit against one s nation. If true, it also shows that Trump s presidential campaign absolutely did collude with Russia in the months leading up to the 2016 election.Here s Painter on MSNBC: Bush 43 WH ethics lawyer on NYT story/Donald Trump Jr. and Kushner meeting with Russian lawyer:  This borders on treason  via @MSNBC pic.twitter.com/Ceu5xLYgnB  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) July 9, 2017Featured Photo by Getty Images",0
894, Stephen King Says What We’re All Thinking About Trump And It Instantly Goes Viral,"It can easily be said that Donald Trump is not the most honest person in the world. In fact, he s made a career out of being a conman. From scamming businesses in real estate ventures to hosting a  reality  television show to his most recent and brutal scam   getting people to think he s actually qualified to be *president (he s not).Even Trump trying to get folks to believe that the news is fake is more proof that he s a conman. You see, if the news reports on everything he is doing wrong, people will stop believing him, and he can t have that. So, what does he do? Make the phrase  fake news!  popular.Hitting back on Trump s attack on the free press was none other than legendary author Stephen King, and he says what we re all thinking when it comes to Trump.King kept it short, brutal and directly to the point. He wrote: The news is real. The president is fake. The news is real. The president is fake.  Stephen King (@StephenKing) July 9, 2017And he s absolutely right. Trump wants you to think the news is fake and for you to believe him because then you won t notice how horrible of a *president he is. But not only that, you won t notice all the investigations that surround the fact that he may not even be the legitimate winner of the 2016 election.Trump is a conman. Conmen lie. So, to reiterate King s point,  The news is real. The president is fake.  (*pending investigations into Russian meddling in the 2016 election)Featured Photo by Getty Images",0
895," GOP Senator Boldly Defies McConnell, Vows To Be The One To Kill Trumpcare","The GOP healthcare bill that would literally kill bunches of Americans is thankfully circling the drain. We haven t won the war on the GOP s cruel massive tax cut for the rich healthcare bill yet, but we re well on our way. Now, with more than enough Republican senators defying Donald Trump and Mitch McConnell, we re almost there. Also, we ve found a strong and outspoken potential ally in this fight: Senator Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.VA.). Speaking with Politico on Sunday, Senator Capito said: I only see it through the lens of a vulnerable population who needs help, who I care about very deeply. So that gives me strength. If I have to be that one person, I will be it. In these partisan times, this is an especially bold statement to make. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is known for putting a massive amount of pressure on his members to do what he wants   even if it violates their conscience or harms their constituents. This bill definitely does that, as it will kick about 22 million people off of their healthcare if it becomes law, according to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office. This would be an especially devastating for Senator Capito s state, because West Virginia is one of the states that is suffering the most from the nation s sweeping and deadly opioid crisis.That s to say nothing of the fact that people with disabilities who get their much-needed care through Medicaid would be relegated to institutions and nursing homes. One severely disabled man and his mother went on MSNBC s The Last Word with Lawrence O Donnell and told guest host Ari Melber just how devastating Trumpcare would be to their lives.Grow a heart and a spine, GOP, and say no to Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump s deadly bill. Did you really go to the United States Senate to make sure the people you are supposed to represent die? If not, you ll follow Shelley Moore Capito and say no to Trumpcare.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
896," Americans Were Asked By A Poll To Pick One Word To Describe Trump, And The Result Will ENRAGE Him","Get ready for Donald Trump to throw the worst temper tantrum of his presidency.When you think of Trump, what s the first word that comes to your mind? That s the question that a new Quinnipiac poll asked Americans.Trump has often bragged that he has  the best words,  but this poll makes it clear that Americans had the best words to describe him. And they are words that even Trump can understand. Idiot  is the top word Americans used to answer the poll, followed by  incompetent  and  liar. Americans also used words such as, asshole, unqualified, ignorant, racist, embarrassment, narcissist, bully, arrogant, dishonest, bigot, buffoon, blowhard, clown, and greedy, just to list a few.Adding insult to injury, Trump s approval rating reached a new low in the poll. Only 36 percent approve while 58 percent disapprove.In addition, 61 percent say Trump is not honest and 56 percent say he does not have good leadership skills.The poll also shows that Americans overwhelmingly disapprove of the way Trump talks about the media 65 percent to 31 percent. Most, 57 percent, also trust the media more than him to tell the truth, a statistic that will likely send Trump off the deep end.Americans also want Democrats to take back control of the Senate.Overall, it s pretty damn clear that the American people loathe Trump. And even though Trump will try to spin the numbers or use Fox News propaganda to dispute them, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll Tim Malloy says Trump really is out of excuses at this point. There is no way to spin or sugarcoat these sagging numbers,  Malloy said.And this poll was taken long before Trump s embarrassing overseas trip to Poland and the G-20 Summit in Germany, where Trump kissed Putin s ass for two hours and offered to let Russia work on American cyber security despite the fact that Russia has been launching cyber attacks against our nation.So it s likely Americans would use even more negative words to describe Trump if they could pick again.Trump is going to blow a gasket when he learns of this poll and you can bet the hissy fit will be public for all to see because Trump is thin-skinned, which curiously was not a word Americans thought of for the poll. Maybe they will next time.Featured Image: Isaac Brekken/Getty Images",0
897, Donald Trump May Have Already Stolen The Next Election,"A couple of weeks ago, Donald Trump s voter fraud commission requested that each state provide a list of data on registered voters   all to combat phantom voter fraud.Fortunately, the vast majority of states have refused to cooperate at all, and even the handful that has agreed has refused to fully comply with the request, which included names, addresses, birthdays, party affiliation, last four numbers of Social Security numbers and voting history for the last 10 years.Democrats have seen states  refusal as a victory, but it s possible that even without the information, Trump and Republicans have won. Voters, concerned about the integrity of their private information, are being scared off and we have proof:In Colorado, one of the states that is complying with part of the commission request, two clerks have seen a significant increase in voters withdrawing their voter registration, Denver s ABC affiliate reported.In Denver, one clerk has seen a 2,150 percent increase in people withdrawing as voters over the past since July 3 compared to the first non-holiday week before.Colorado allows voters to withdraw online or make their information confidential by paying a fee.While there s no indication of party affiliation, and you can be sure that many were, in fact, removing duplicate registrations (it s not illegal to forget to take yourself off a voter registration when you move, but it is illegal to vote twice, which almost never happens) it s not a big leap to assume that Democrats would be far more concerned about the Republican in office than would Republicans.It has gotten to the point where Republicans can only win on a national basis by cheating and they are getting better and better at it every year. In 2016, it s clear that Hillary Clinton would have won if not for voter suppression efforts that targeted the all-too-important swing states.Think Progress reports:Their systematic disenfranchisement was intentional and politically motivated. In the years leading up to 2016, Republican governors and state legislatures implemented new laws restricting when, where, and how people could vote laws that disproportionately harmed students, the poor, and people of color. In several instances, lawmakers pushing such policies said explicitly that their goal was suppression of voters who favor the Democratic Party.Three such states serve as case studies for the effectiveness of these voting restrictions: Wisconsin, North Carolina, and Florida.All three elected staunchly conservative governors during President Obama s terms. All three implemented voting restrictions that affect millions of people. President Obama won all three states in 2008, and won all but North Carolina in 2012, while Hillary Clinton lost all three of those states this year.Colorado is also a swing state. Hillary Clinton won in 2016, but by a fairly slim margin. State races are even tighter. It wouldn t take a lot of voters dropping out to sway the next election. It may have already been done.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
898, Donald Trump Tweets He Is Ready To Hand Putin The Keys To Our Electoral System,"Donald Trump tweeted Sunday morning about his visit with Russian President Vladimir Putin. While most were his standard complaining about the media and trying to bolster his controversial meeting with the Russian strongman, one, in particular, stood out. According to Trump, he s ready to partner, yes, partner, in cyber security. No, that s not a joke.I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I ve already given my opinion ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 9, 2017Um, sure. We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 9, 2017The most notable tweet, though, was this one, which essentially said he s giving the fox the key to the hen house:Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 9, 2017And then more deflection: and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA & FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still don t .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 9, 2017 have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 9, 2017The irony of partnering with Putin on securing the electoral system he s accused of hacking hasn t even escaped some Republicans. Sen. Marco Rubio is raising alarms:While reality & pragmatism requires that we engage Vladimir Putin, he will never be a trusted ally or a reliable constructive partner. 1/3  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) July 9, 2017Partnering with Putin on a  Cyber Security Unit  is akin to partnering with Assad on a  Chemical Weapons Unit . 2/3  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) July 9, 2017We have no quarrel with Russia or the Russian people. Problem is with Putin & his oppression, war crimes & interference in our elections 1/3  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) July 9, 2017GOP Rep. Mike Gallagher agrees:Coordinating w/ Russia also risks glossing over serious US concerns re: Russian behavior, such as Ukraine invasion & cyber aggression. 6/10  Rep. Mike Gallagher (@RepGallagher) July 9, 2017John McCain handled with snark:During an interview on CBS s  Face The Nation,  McCain was asked about President Trump s earlier tweet in which the president said he talked with Putin during their meeting about creating an  impenetrable Cyber Security unit  to guard against election hacking. I m sure that Vladimir Putin could be of enormous assistance in that effort since he is doing the hacking,  McCain said, laughing.It is somewhat comforting to know that elections are run by states, not the federal government and they are VERY reluctant to hand over that power. That doesn t mean, though, that Trump isn t going to do everything in his power to assist Putin in taking over our government and our internet.Featured image via Getty Images.",0
899, Top Intel Dem Rips Trump For Kissing Putin’s A**s: ‘No Art To This Deal’ (TWEETS),"Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA) is the Ranking Member of the Intelligence Committee in the House of Representatives. He is also a rising star in the era of Donald Trump, due to his clever, sharp tweets, and open contempt for the man baby  president.  Every chance Rep. Schiff gets, he appears on cable news shows   and even on political comedy shows   in order to let the world know how dangerous he thinks Trump is in the White House. Therefore, it comes as absolutely not surprise that Rep. Schiff had much to say about Trump s weak showing when it came to the much-anticipated meeting with Russia s autocratic leader, Vladimir Putin at the G 20 Summit in Hamburg, Germany.Taking to Twitter Saturday night and Sunday morning, Rep. Schiff ripped Trump, who had just tweeted about how he pressed Putin on Russia s election hacking. Schiff s response was brilliant:Putin's claim that @POTUS agreed with him re: hack all but inevitable after Trump himself refused to acknowledge the obvious only day before https://t.co/bLKaKbUidz  Adam Schiff (@RepAdamSchiff) July 8, 2017Rep. Schiff then went on to scold Trump for daring to air his hot war with the American intelligence community on foreign soil:No art to this deal: What kind of ""tough negotiator"" goes into talks undermining his country's own position, as you did attacking US intel? https://t.co/sHTa9mmy2J  Adam Schiff (@RepAdamSchiff) July 9, 2017That s the thing   Trump might want to bill himself as tough, but he is anything but. He s a Russian stooge, and it s obvious Putin has something big on him. There s that, and he wants to be just like Putin, but never will, because he ll never have the stones to be anything close to that. Further, luckily for the American people, Trump is too stupid to ever turn into an actual dictator. He just plays one on television and in Washington during his wannabe reality show  presidency. I love these responses from Rep. Schiff. He really tells it like is. That likely gets under Trump s skin. Further, given his position on the Intelligence Committee, it could very well be Rep. Adam Schiff who ultimately, along with Special Counsel Robert Mueller, takes Trump and his whole administration down. Oh, wouldn t that victory be sweet?Featured image via Steffen Kugler /BPA via Getty Images",0
900, Trump Jr. Forced To Admit To Meeting With Shady Russian Lawyer During 2016 Campaign (DETAILS),"The narrative regarding the Trump-Russia connection seems to be  nothing to see here  when it comes to supporters of the so-called  president.  Donald Trump cannot abide anyone even suggesting that he had help to win in 2016, but the amount of smoke there with regards to the Russian hacking is too thick for there to be no fire. Hell, his own son just admitted something extraordinary. Donald Trump Jr. actually came out and said that he, Trump s son-in-law Jared Kushner, and former campaign manager Paul Manafort actually met with a lawyer with connections to the Kremlin.Apparently, this little secret pow wow occurred after Trump clinched the GOP nomination, and long before his many general election controversies, during a time where it seemed sure that he would lose. Of course, Trump Jr. is saying that this meeting had nothing to with the election and everything to do with adopting Russian orphans. He said of the encounter: We primarily discussed a program about the adoption of Russian children that was active and popular with American families years ago and was since ended by the Russian government, but it was not a campaign issue at that time and there was no follow-up. was asked to attend the meeting by an acquaintance, but was not told the name of the person I would be meeting with beforehand. Of course, this is likely a lie. Trump, his kids, and everyone else in his orbit lie routinely. Further, think about who this meeting took place with   Paul Manafort, who was the campaign manager at the time has known ties to pro-Russia Ukrainian politicians that he has worked for in the past. In fact, it is what forced him to abruptly step aside.Further, the lawyer they met with at Trump Tower during the campaign, Natalia Veselnitskaya, is known around circles who promote sanctioning Russia for their many human rights abuses. Veselnitskaya opposes said sanctions, and that was likely her reason for wanting to meet with Team Trump during the campaign. The reason for the bizarre claims about adopting Russian children is the fact that in 2012, Russian dictator Vladimir Putin halted American adoption of Russian children, due to sanctions that specifically related to human rights violations. This was called the Magnitsky Act, after a man who perished in an untimely and shady manner for blowing the whistle on Russian corruption. It makes for a convenient   but hardly believable   cover story.All in all, this is shady and nobody in their right minds believes that Trump Jr., Paul Manafort, or anyone else on that campaign was meeting with a Kremlin backed lawyer over anything but money and sanctions. These people are filthy as hell, and we need to get them out of our government.Featured image via David Becker/Getty Images",0
901, Trump Crumbles As His Own UN Ambassador Shuts Down His Russia Lies (VIDEO),"One of the craziest things about Trump s Russia fiasco is the fact that to defend his role model, Russian president Vladimir Putin, Trump has gone against multiple U.S. intelligence agencies and all mounting evidence that Russia did in fact meddle in the 2016 election.Trump has continued to deny what has been widely accepted as facts by not only intelligence experts but members of his own Republican Party. Even his own administration is publicly disagreeing with Trump and stating that Russia interfered with the election   and today, Trump s UN Ambassador humiliated him on national television over his infamous denial.In an interview with CNN, UN Ambassador Nikki Haley stated that  everybody knows  that Russia messed around with the election. What she really should have said was, everyone but Trump. Haley said: Everybody knows that Russia meddled in our elections. Everybody knows that they re not just meddling in the United States  election. They re doing this across multiple continents, and they re doing this in a way that they re trying to cause chaos within the countries. And it s not just going to be us saying this. I think you re going to hear other leaders come out and say, cut it out, we re not going to put up with it. You can watch Haley pretty much agree that Trump is a liar in the video below: Everybody knows that Russia meddled in our elections,  @nikkihaley tells @DanaBashCNN #CNNSOTU https://t.co/bwQw7Zx3uH  CNN (@CNN) July 8, 2017Haley must not be keeping tabs on what her boss is actually saying, because just two days ago Trump refused to say Russia was involved in the election. The dishonest POTUS said: I think it could very well have been Russia, but I think it could well have been other countries. I won t be specific. I think a lot of people interfere. I think it s been happening for a long time. When Trump finds out that Haley contradicted him, sh*t is going to hit the fan. Not only did Haley blast Trump, but she did it on his least favorite network, CNN. We won t be surprised if a Twitter meltdown is soon to follow.Featured image via Sean Gallup  / Getty Images",0
902," Trump Embarrasses America Again, Lets Ivanka Take His Place At G-20 Summit","Despite claiming to look forward to the second day of G-20 meetings, Donald Trump decided to let his daughter take his place instead.That s right. Trump literally let Ivanka take his place at the G-20 Summit on Friday even though she is NOT in any position to represent America on the world stage.She is not an elected official, nor is she the Secretary of State. She doesn t even have diplomatic status. Yet Ivanka took her daddy s place at the round table meeting, sitting beside British Prime Minister Theresa May and Chinese President Xi Jinping.Here s a photo via Twitter.Ivanka Trump, unelected, unqualified, daughter-in-chief, is representing the US at the G20 summit next to May, Xi, Merkel. Photo @LanaLukash pic.twitter.com/fvs0EMy8z7  Brian Klaas (@brianklaas) July 8, 2017Here s the video via YouTube:The decision to let Ivanka do his job caused national outrage as Americans demanded to know why a failed shoe designer who has zero political and diplomatic experience was tapped to take on such an important role at a major international meeting.how the hell is this acceptable?  Tanya (@DutchDelights13) July 8, 2017Ivanka Trump sitting in at G20 instead of her father is breathtakingly insane. She designs shoes  #G20  Dom Joly (@domjoly) July 8, 2017How is she allowed at the G20? She s not even allowed at Nordstroms.  George Reinblatt (@georgereinblatt) July 8, 2017The rest of the world leaders must be wondering what the f**k has happened to the#USA  Irish ELT (@irishelt) July 8, 2017The embarrassment didn t end there. A photo of Trump clearly being ignored as other leaders talk to each other while he sits by himself at the table has been widely circulated.agreed pic.twitter.com/BzFBhw7Y7S  Phil Jones (@Meercat42) July 8, 2017It s pretty damn clear that the other world leaders want nothing to do with Trump or Ivanka.Trump later praised Ivanka and claimed that she s only getting criticized because she s his daughter. If she weren t my daughter it would be so much easier for her,  Trump said.  It might be the only bad thing she has going if you want to know the truth. Trump s remarks received a mere golf clap from a few people in the room.Just imagine the reaction from Republicans if President Obama had let his daughter Malia take his place at the G-20 Summit. They would have been uncontrollably enraged. They would have called Obama irresponsible. They would have accused him of nepotism. They would have called him a dictator. But Trump lets his daughter take his place and Republicans don t say a word because they are hypocrites.America deserves to be represented by the president at the G-20. At the very least, a State Department official should have replaced Trump. Ivanka is only Trump s adviser because he ignored government ethics rules. She has no experience as a public official. She certainly has no experience in diplomacy.This only serves as yet another embarrassing Trump moment abroad that makes our country look like even more of a joke on the world stage.Featured Image: Twitter",0
903," Trudeau HUMILIATES Trump, Openly Prefers To Speak To Other U.S. Officials Instead","Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has, like the rest of the world, seen the outrage that is Donald Trump occupying the American presidency over the last six months. He likely also has the same disgusted opinion of the job Trump is doing, not to mention his vulgarity, his lies and conspiracy theories, and his all around unfitness for the office he holds. That sort of thing just might be why Prime Minister Trudeau has shown he has no f*cks left to give when it comes to Trump, and has decided that, instead of talking to Trump, he will instead speak to more competent American government officials instead. To that end, Trudeau will become the first Canadian Prime Minister in history to speak to the National Governor s Association. He says of the move: No countries share a closer bond than Canada and the United States. Each day, hundreds of thousands of people cross the border to work, travel or visit loved ones. Ever more integrated supply chains draw our economies closer together, bringing jobs and prosperity to Canadians and Americans alike. I will continue to work with all orders of the U.S. government to create good, middle class jobs on both sides of the border, and to find solutions to the challenges we face together. While Trudeau has, as any dignified leader would,  remained civil with Trump, it is clear that the two will not be close at all. Trudeau sees Trump for the buffoon that he is, and has criticized him for his promotion of crude nationalism, his views on climate change, and other topics.This is a clear signal that Trudeau has no use for Trump. He simply has to tolerate the orange one until he is either removed from office or his term expires. Until then, it seems Trudeau will simply go around Trump and deal with other (read: sane and qualified) United States government officials. Personally, I think it s a wise move, because dealing with Trump would be nothing short of maddening, and it certainly would not serve the interests of people in Canada or anywhere else in the world.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
904, Paul Ryan Refuses To Hold Town Halls Because He’s Too Afraid Of Protesters,"House Speaker Paul Ryan finally admitted the reason he is refusing to hold town hall meetings: He s too afraid of protesters. Speaking at a Boy Scouts event in Wisconsin, Ryan told the crowd that he just doesn t have the guts to face his own constituents when he knows they are p*ssed that he s trying to steal their health care. Aside from the obvious security concerns, what we have found is there are people who are trying to come in from out of the district to disrupt town hall meetings and not have a civil discussion, so what I have been doing is looking for new and creative ways to interact with my constituents in a civil way,  Ryan said. That s why I have done a number of telephone town hall meetings, which I find very effective as people don t have to travel. I do office hours. I just did them this morning in Janesville. In addition, I am doing a lot of business ones,  the Speaker said.Ryan said that he has found other ways to meet with his constituents, like the town-hall style meeting he held on Thursday that was closed to the public with only 25 employees of the business he was touring in attendance. I find when you guys are there, people kind of clam up. They get a little nervous, but when you do business town halls without media it is very interactive, so I am finding a lot of different ways to have a good civil dialogue with constituents,  he continued.Ryan then said that if people want to talk to him, that s what his office hours are for, which he explained help keep him safe from all those big, mean protesters. Additionally, if you want to come do office hours, they schedule office hours because I don t want to have a situation where we just have a screaming fest, a shouting fest where people are being bussed in from out of the district to get on TV because they are yelling at somebody. That does nobody any good, and what I want to do is have a civil, good conversation with constituents, and that s why I do all these different things, whether it s planned tours, telephone town halls, office hours and the rest,  he said.So, that s Ryan s master plan to deal with the ever increasing public anger over his plan to take health care from millions. He s just going to hide like the spineless coward that he is. Sounds legit.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
905," Trump Spoke With Putin About Election Interference, It’s Just As Bad As You’d Expect (VIDEO)","On Friday, Donald Trump finally got the chance to be in the same room as his favorite world leader, Russian President Vladimir Putin. Giddy with the chance to speak with a global leader whom he truly admired, Trump made Putin meet with him for over two hours, according to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.Tillerson also reported that Trump brought up the Russian interference in the election, opening the meeting by asking Putin if he d done any meddling. No one knows why the hell Trump would do this, but Putin responded exactly as we all expected him to   by denying it.Reporters at the briefing also seemed stunned that Trump actually thought Putin would admit to such a thing, especially since Trump has defended Russia and denied the interference so extensively, even at the expense of America s intelligence agencies and free press.  Apparently, Trump asked Putin about the election several times, each time getting a denial from Putin. And according to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, that was all Trump needed to convince him or satisfy his need to prove his own innocence in the Russian scandal.In a report about the meeting, Tillerson said: What the two presidents I think rightly focused on is how to we move forward  Because it s not clear to me that we will ever come to some agreed-upon resolution of that question between the two nations. You can listen to Tillerson s recap of what happened between Putin and Trump below:Putin and Trump s relationship is highly problematic, and their meeting was the focus of the G20 Summit this week. As Trump s Russia scandal continues to heat up, it was almost too predictable that America s corrupt POTUS would ask a question like this, which would of course be denied. Trump is, once again, trying to make fools out of us all   and we re not buying it.Featured image via Handout / Getty Images",0
906, Angela Merkel’s Husband Is Taking Melania And Ivanka On A Tour That Will P*ss Trump Off,"While spouses are a tradition at the G-20 Summit, the truth is there is very little for them to do while world leaders discuss the problems facing the world. Donald Trump brought along more than just his spouse this time. He also brought along his daughter Ivanka, who in this instance, has absolutely no purpose. Angela Merkel s husband has an idea that might help change the world, though. He s taking the Trump women on a climate change tour, with the implied hope that perhaps they can have some influence over the man in their live.Donald Trump is proving himself to be one of the most destructive forces in the world in his denial of climate change. His pulling out of the Paris Climate Agreement put us in the position of being one of only three countries, and by far the biggest carbon emitter, that has not vowed to cut emissions.Merkel s husband Joachim Sauer is a chemist and a professor. Let s just say he doesn t share Trump s anti-science stances. His plan is to take the First Daughter and First Lady on a tour of a climate change lab.Sauer is reportedly planning to take US president Donald Trump s daughter, Ivanka Trump, and first lady Melania Trump, as well as the other spouses of G20 leaders, on a tour around a climate change lab. The spouses of G20 leaders will visit the German Climate Computing Center today (July 7), a facility that uses supercomputers to model climate change and map its effects across the world. Sauer will also be taking the spouses on a river cruise and sightseeing tour of Hamburg.I wish Sauer luck. You can bet that if either of these women have any sway with BLOTUS, it s Ivanka. She is at least somewhat scientifically literate, when it comes to climate change, and she has had absolutely zero influence. That s not bound to change.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images.",0
907," Trump Was Just Busted For Daydreaming At G20 Meeting, This Is Beyond Humiliating (VIDEO)","The last time Donald Trump went overseas, it was clear that he didn t have the physical or mental stamina to carry out his presidential duties at the level they needed to be performed at. It was widely reported that by just the third day of his trip, Trump was utterly exhausted. Now that Trump is on his second international tour, it seems he s having the same exact issue and his lack of competency is humiliating America in the process.On Friday, Trump made the United States look like a joke once again, when he was caught daydreaming  at a roundtable meeting at the G20 Summit in Hamburg, Germany. While every other world leader was alert and paying attention to the fact that they were posing to take a photograph, Trump was clearly in his own world and didn t even know what the hell was going on as he kept himself turned the opposite way. If it weren t for British Prime Minister Theresa May having the decency to wake him up out of his little fantasy land, Trump would have taken the photo with his back turned to the camera   perhaps the perfect symbolic gesture for how he turns his back on America (and the world).You can watch this cringeworthy moment play out below:It is insanity that the Republican Party has elected a man who doesn t even have the attention span   or the intelligence   to perform the role of being POTUS. Trump consistently zones out during important meetings and clearly doesn t have it all together. He is someone who cannot and should not be trusted with the important decisions he has to make, and his complete lack of focus continues to be a danger to our country s future. More than ever, we must question whether or not Trump is really fit to be president   and there was far more evidence pointing to his necessary and immediate removal.Featured image is a screenshot",0
908," Mike Pence Saw ‘DO NOT TOUCH’ On Critical NASA Tech, So He Touched It (TWEETS)","We already knew Vice President Mike Pence doesn t trust those funny people in lab coats called scientists. He doesn t believe them when they say global warming is a thing, he doesn t listen to them when they say the world is older than 10,000 years old, and he damn sure isn t going to listen to their goddamn propaganda they have posted about not touching stuff he wants to touch.Pence was photographed during a visit to NASA touching a piece of equipment adorned with a sign that reads:Critical Space Flight Hardware  DO NOT TOUCH Fortunately for Pence, Republicans have a long-held tradition of being OK with touching things that don t want to be touched (just ask any woman who tries to get them to take rape seriously). So he touched it.Vice President Mike Pence, right, gets a tour of the Orion clean room with Sen. Marco Rubio, left, by Bob Cabana, Director Kennedy Space Center, center, Thursday, July 6, 2017. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel/TNS via Getty Images)Naturally, the internet is having a field day with this, with many wondering if  Mother  (the super-creepy nickname Pence has for his wife) is OK with him touching space things:Do you think mother approved of him touching this? Do you think he had dirty thoughts? Unclean. UNCLEAN!  Steve Marmel (@Marmel) July 7, 2017Do you think Mike Pence is afraid to have dinner alone with spacecrafts?  (((Neil Kaplan))) (@NeKap) July 7, 2017The man tugging at his jacket to stop him is my favourite part. pic.twitter.com/M9824I4eCp  LayOffTheBooks (@layoffthebooks) July 7, 2017You expect him to read that liberal writing? Reading is for lefties elitists. Obviously.  Skeeter (@popculturelol16) July 7, 2017That s what they get for putting the instructions in quotes. He probably thought they really didn t mean it.  Julie Leto (@JulieLeto) July 7, 2017To be fair most 6 year olds would do the same ???  Paul Neaville (@pneaville) July 7, 2017but now that he s touched science, does he believe in it???  BG the Snow Queen (@bgraymua) July 7, 2017Pence misbehaves when mother is not around.  B. Justice (@zefirotorna) July 7, 2017I guess  mother  said it was okay  Euchre Player (@euchreman1022) July 7, 2017Mother told him he could, so that settles it.  Gwendolyn Gee (@GwennGee) July 7, 2017To be fair,  DO NOT TOUCH  *is* in scare quotes, so  David Pinion (@DavidPinion) July 7, 2017Fortunately, Pence didn t do any damage. In a statement on Pence acting like a four-year-old, NASA explained that touching the surface of that piece of equipment is not going to place lives at risk:And here is our statement on touching flight hardware. For more information about the @NASA_Orion spacecraft, visit: https://t.co/V2alO9n0Zk pic.twitter.com/maXQ8lri0O  NASA (@NASA) July 7, 2017Whether or not he actually did any damage, this latest incident is just another example of how little regard anyone in the Trump administration has for rules, laws, or anything else that doesn t have a dollar sign by it.featured image via Getty Images",0
909, Sarah Palin Uses White Supremacist Slogan To Praise Trump’s Warsaw Speech And Twitter Is P*ssed,"Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin is not known for her good decision making. On Friday, she proved that she is either a total idiot (which we already knew) or that she is a-okay with neo-Nazis and white supremacists. In a tweet praising Donald Trump s speech in Warsaw, Palin used the phrase  14 Words,  which is a well-known slogan of white nationalists.Trump Gives Speech to the People of Poland, Says 14 Words That Leave Americans Stunned https://t.co/8iKHEQemn9  Sarah Palin (@SarahPalinUSA) July 7, 2017Twitter was not impressed with Palin slinging around the neo-Nazi phrase.So we re not even hiding it at this point, are we? There is no 14-word sentence or phrase in the linked transcript. pic.twitter.com/QXS4rsV3rH  Mallory (@MdotClure) July 7, 2017Very clever Sarah. Totally slipped that one by us Sarah. Nobody will notice Sarah. WINK WINK.oh by the way you still have your hood on  Gray (@gray) July 7, 2017I know, Reich?  David N (@miyridian) July 7, 201714 words huh? pic.twitter.com/4vcjbKmGVQ  Solidarity Forever? (@StarstormLeft) July 7, 2017So you re just a flat out racist? Or are you hoping for a good job in the upcoming Nazi regime? https://t.co/TAF21vMcZJ  Craig Beilinson (@cbeilinson) July 7, 2017Surprised that she did not work 88 into the message as well.  Steve DeTurck (@steve_deturck) July 7, 2017Jumped right out of that white supremacist closet, Sarah?  Head Sanford (@Head_Sanford) July 7, 2017Did Palin really just go full white supremacist?  Eric Strong (@DrEricStrong) July 7, 2017Oh my God! The White Supremacy dog whistling is getting more and more overt. Shameful. https://t.co/DolgmfIVRU  Kevin Goebel (@kgoebel) July 7, 2017So, which is it? Are we once again supposed to believe that a Trump loving Republican just  accidentally  sent out a white supremacist message? As multiple news sources have reported, Trump s speech itself was filled with White Supremacist dog whistles. The Washington Post, Vox, Salon, the L.A. Times, and the Atlantic all called out the neo-Nazi undertones in the words he proudly belted out in Poland. As Vox explained,  Trump s speech used the type of dire, last-chance wording often utilized by the far right on both sides of the Atlantic. Jonathon Capeheart of the Washington Post responded to Trump s boast that we write symphonies  by asking  What on Earth does that have to do with anything? In that one line, taken in context with everything else Trump said, what I heard was the loudest of dog whistles. A familiar boast that swells the chests of white nationalists everywhere. In light of Trump s continued love affair with the alt-right, aka neo-Nazis, it is kind of hard to think that Palin s tweet was just another  accident.  After all, it seems to be a fairly accurate description of Trump s speech, does it not?Featured image via Kris Connor/Getty Images",0
910, Hannity Throws A Complete Hissy Fit After Conservative Columnist Calls Him Unworthy Of Media Award,"After all of the conspiracy theories and lies Sean Hannity has peddled over the years, he definitely does NOT deserve an award.But the right-wing Media Research Center is rewarding Donald Trump s top propagandist with a William F. Buckley Jr. Award for Media Excellence anyway, and a New York Times columnist is having none of it.Bret Stephens is a conservative columnist for the Times, and he thoroughly ripped Hannity in a recent column pointing out exactly why he is unworthy of the award. If we have reached the point where rank-and-file conservatives see nothing amiss with giving Hannity an award named for Buckley, then surely there s a Milton Friedman Prize awaiting Steve Bannon for his insights on free trade,  Stephens wrote.  And maybe Sean Spicer can receive the Vaclav Havel International Prize for Creative Dissent for his role in exposing  fake news.  The floor s the limit. Or, in Hannity s case, the crawl space beneath it. Stephens went on to point out that Buckley once expressed his disgust about Donald Trump, calling him a  demagogue  and a  narcissist.  He warned Americans to not fall into Trump s trap. But conservatives fell for it hook, line, and sinker. Hannity fell even harder for it, going so far as to lob softball questions at him and then defend him on a daily basis. Hannity even committed hypocrisy by defending Trump for doing all of the things he complained about President Obama doing. When Hannity peddles conspiracy theories about Seth Rich, the young Democratic National Committee staffer murdered in Washington last year, that s an echo of John Birch,  Stephens continued. And so we reach the Idiot stage of the conservative cycle, in which a Buckley Award for Sean Hannity suggests nothing ironic, much less Orwellian, to those bestowing it, applauding it, or even shrugging it off. The award itself is trivial, but it s a fresh reminder of who now holds the commanding heights of conservative life, and what it is that they think. Well, that set Hannity off on a Twitter rage in which he whined and bragged about himself just like Trump does.For the first time in my life I partly agree with @BretStephensNYT I do not deserve the WFB award. I also never deserved the 2 Marconis ..  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) July 7, 2017Nor do I deserve the Radio Hall of Fame, Free speech awards from Talkers or the R&R tall host of the year awards I have won. Nor do I care  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) July 7, 2017To my audience that has given me the honor of 30 years on radio 22 years on Fox, I thank you. You mattter, Faith, family Country matter  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) July 7, 2017As long as you honor me with these opportunities I will continue to fight hard for the things I truly believe in. Not what WFB, Media, NYT s  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) July 7, 2017Believes in. I m not Buckley, Rush, Mark, or anybody else. I m myself. I will fight for limited Govt, lower taxes, less regulation,  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) July 7, 2017Energy independence, school choice, balanced budgets, secure borders, defeating Isis and radical Islam. And will battle a corrupt media.  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) July 7, 2017I will also fight for the forgotten men and woman in America left behind, in poverty, on food stamps, and out of work. That matters to me.  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) July 7, 2017So @BretStephensNYT I ll say to you and the @nytimes (Fake News) I do not care what u think. God bless America.  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) July 7, 2017Can ANYONE think of just ONE memorable thing @BretStephensNYT has written? WFB was on my show numerous times, would WFB trust the @nytimes ? https://t.co/r0NnuDidUZ  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) July 7, 2017Except that Sean Hannity is the face of corrupt media. He spends so much time kissing Trump s ass that he might as well give him a blow job while he is down on his knees.22 years on Fox News is 22 years too many. He should never have been hired and he certainly should be fired now, especially after pushing the Seth Rich conspiracy theory in defense of Trump for as long as he did.William F. Buckley was an intellectual conservative. He was a graduate of Yale and he served this country as a United States Army officer. Hannity, on the other hand, is the complete opposite. There is nothing intellectual about Hannity. He s a college dropout who pretends to be a tough guy. He has made his money duping conservatives into believing his propaganda bullshit, which he peddles while offering little or zero evidence of his claims.Not only should Hannity by booted off the air, he should not receive a media award. A fake media award would be more appropriate.Featured Image: Rob Kim/Getty Images",0
911," Desperate Staff Sent Melania To Stop 2-Hour Trump/Putin Meeting, She Failed","If you ever needed evidence of Donald Trump s bromance with Vladimir Putin, it s in the amount of time they spent together. Though their private meeting at the G-20 summit was supposed to last a half hour, Trump ended up spending two hours and sixteen minutes with the man who helped him get elected through a fierce and well-funded propaganda campaign as well as an extensive hacking effort. Several times I had to remind the president, people were sticking their heads in the door,  Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told the Washington Examiner.  They even sent in the first lady at one point to see if she could get us out of there, and that didn t work either. We went another hour after she came in to see us, so clearly, she failed. There was so much to talk about,  said Tillerson.  Neither one of them wanted to stop. Tillerson says that Trump and Putin got along like they had been best friends all their lives. The two leaders connected very quickly,  he says.  There was a very clear positive chemistry. Don t worry, though. Trump is on top of this Russia scandal thing. He asked Vlad if Russia interfered with our election and accepted at face value that Putin absolutely did not help him win.  Nothing to see here:Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, who attended the meeting along with Tillerson, said Trump accepted Putin s assurances that Russia didn t meddle in the U.S. election. But Tillerson said the Russians had asked for  proof and evidence  of its involvement. A day earlier, Trump had said Russia probably meddled but that other countries likely did, too.Tillerson said the two leaders had agreed to continue the discussion, with an eye toward securing a commitment that Russia won t interfere in U.S. affairs in the future.See? Case closed. Nothing to worry about. Everything is perfectly normal.Featured image via Twitter",0
912, Trump Humiliates Himself And Wastes Time At G-20 Summit By Throwing A Twitter Tantrum About Hillary’s Emails,"Incapable of putting his f*cking phone down during an important overseas trip, Donald Trump embarrassed our country again by going on a tirade on Twitter.Hours ahead of a meeting with Russian dictator Vladimir Putin, Trump chose to post a rant on Twitter rather than prepare for what could end up being a disastrous exchange with the man who ordered the interference in the 2016 Election.My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 7, 2017Just to recap, Trump s speech included white supremacist code words such as  western values.  Trump also insulted the Polish people by downplaying the horrific experiences they suffered during World War II.On top of that, Trump attacked President Obama during a press conference and was snubbed by the Polish First Lady when he tried to shake her hand. Trump s visit to Poland was embarrassing, not  great. Trump then claimed that  everyone  is talking about Hillary Clinton s emails at the G-20.Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 7, 2017This is incredibly doubtful. World leaders have way more important things to talk about. It s likely that Trump is the only one talking about Hillary s emails while the rest of the attendees are concerned with how Trump s meeting with Putin will affect Europe and NATO. After all, Trump still owes his puppet master a favor for putting him in the White House.Trump then ended his hissy fit by attacking the media.I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 7, 2017This tweet actually contradicts his earlier tweet about his Poland speech. Trump thanks everyone, including the  haters,  for the  great  reviews of his speech. Now he is bitching because the media is allegedly covering him  inaccurately.  Which is it?Of course, Twitter users humiliated Trump for his outburst.Trump, nobody in Poland cares about your conspiracy theories on why you lost the popular vote.  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) July 7, 2017You ve already made America the world s laughing stock, and you re still obsessed with #fakenews instead of, say, climate change. Why? pic.twitter.com/r4A3w3LzKX  Jack Schofield (@jackschofield) July 7, 2017The decline in the world s opinion of you   and therefore of the USA   is catastrophic compared with the huge respect for @POTUS44 pic.twitter.com/KRyo10sL31  Jack Schofield (@jackschofield) July 7, 2017Donald Trump is a complete joke. He can t even go to the G-20 without being totally obsessed with attacking Hillary Clinton and the media.Featured Image: Steve Pope/Getty Images",0
913," Leaked G20 Video Appears To Show Trump Rubbing Putin’s Back At First Meeting, World Gags (VIDEO)","The first official meeting between Trump and Russian president Vladimir Putin was captured on what appears to be a cellphone recording   and it s cringeworthy.Trump, who famously views handshakes as a  power contest  and often clamps down and yanks, gives Putin a warm one, placing his other hand on Putin s forearm. Adding to the surreal friendliness of the moment, as the two begin to talk, Trump reaches out, and for reasons that will forever remain inexplicable, appears to pat or rub Putin s upper back.It s official: Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin met at the G20 summit. Watch the event live here: https://t.co/gYrGULM9El pic.twitter.com/CL6f7G7dSp  Newsweek (@Newsweek) July 7, 2017It was a bizarre statement to make, particularly to one of America s foremost adversaries and the one linked to hacking that interfered with the 2016 election.During Trump s public sit-down with Putin, he managed to botch things further. In yet another attempt at getting on Putin s good side, Trump said he was  honored  to be with Putin. The word choice is a diplomatic faux pas, signaling a weak position. Putin ate it up, then simply said he was  delighted  to meet Trump. Note the difference.As Huffington Post reporter Yashar Ali explains, the awkward interaction could have been avoided if Trump would read his briefings.Trump to Putin ""it's an honor to be with you."" Had he been willing to receive a briefing he would have been told to avoid words like ""honor"" pic.twitter.com/oYFlutDFpi  Yashar Ali (@yashar) July 7, 20172. In briefings, principals like Trump will be told how to avoid becoming propaganda material.  Yashar Ali (@yashar) July 7, 20173. But if you don't take briefings, if you're impatient + have a difficult time reading long briefing books you'll miss out on these details  Yashar Ali (@yashar) July 7, 2017Recently, it was reported that Trump s exasperated staff have taken to reducing briefings down to  Twitter-length  memos in an effort to entice Trump to read them. Apparently, it either didn t work or the nuances of international diplomacy weren t properly conveyed in 140 characters. Trump is falling into every trap.The meeting was undoubtedly a disaster for American foreign policy, but Putin seems to be having a great time. By receiving praise from the U.S. president who he helped get elected by undermining American democracy, the Russian autocrat signaled that he has Trump eating out of his hand. The photos and videos of the meeting will likely be hastily broadcast to every corner of Russia to reinforce Putin s dominance over America s president.And Trump, who couldn t be bothered to read the memos warning him of this, probably has no idea.Featured image via Twitter",0
914," The World To Trump: F*ck Off, You Did Not ‘Inherit A Mess’ From Obama (VIDEO)","With the White House plagued with scandals, Donald Trump has repeatedly blamed the  dishonest media  for not giving him proper credit after he  inherited a mess  from former President Barack Obama.We have some bad news for Mr. Trump. The world strongly disagrees with him. Trump has been in office for only 168 days and yet he has already had a major impact on how the world sees the United States.MSNBC s Chris Matthews highlighted a new Pew Research Center poll which shows that Trump and many of his key policies are broadly unpopular around the globe, and ratings for the U.S. have declined steeply in many nations.Trump is wildly unpopular worldwide while Obama s popularity soars above the former reality show star s ratings. 37 nations were included in the poll, showing that a median of just 22% has confidence in Trump to do the right thing when it comes to international affairs. In contrast to the final years of Barack Obama s presidency, a median of 64% expressed confidence in Trump s predecessor to direct America s role in the world.Watch: This highlights why Trump has exhibited so much jealousy toward his popular predecessor. Trump will never be respected like Obama was and is. Trump s jealously toward Obama was displayed long before he took the oath of office. Obama would never bash the U.S. media and intelligence agencies while on foreign soil. In fact, he never did that in the U.S., but Trump does and did. Obama retaliated against Russia s meddling in our 2016 presidential election by ordering 35 Russian diplomats to leave the country. Obama imposed sanctions against the foreign hostile government, while Trump s administration would like to lift them.The former reality show star is  fake news  and that can be seen daily in his Twitter timeline but he is good at projection.By the way, Trump is not expected to confront Russian leader Vladimir Putin today at the G20 summit meeting about his country s interference in our presidential election.Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images.",0
915, Women Reporters Are Being Turned Away From Covering Congress; Here’s Why,"House Speaker Paul Ryan s office is throwing yet another obstacle in the way of the free press, but this one only affects female reporters. Women who dare wear sleeveless tops or dresses during blistering hot D.C. weather are being turned away from House press gatherings   all for the perceived sin of showing their shoulders. Sharia Law anyone?According to numerous reporters, women have been barred from the Speaker s lobby for wearing sleeveless dresses and blouses. CBS reports that recently,  a young, female reporter  tried to enter the Speaker s lobby a room outside of the House chamber where reporters generally ask legislators questions but was turned away because the sleeveless dress she was wearing  was considered inappropriate because her shoulders weren t covered. The unnamed reporter, apparently desperate to simply do her job,  ripped out pages from her notebook and stuffed them into her dress s shoulder openings to create sleeves,  CBS reports. Her improvised outfit was still deemed unacceptable and she was turned away. At least three reporters confirmed that they had received a warning about the apparently arbitrary dress code. One report, Independent Journal Review s Haley Byrd told CBS that she was kicked out of the Speaker s lobby in May the same day House Republicans passed their health care bill for wearing a sleeveless dress. On Twitter, two reporters confirmed that either they or colleagues had been barred or warned for daring to bare their shoulders.Source: Jezebellittle bitch paul ryan is scared of women s shoulders ahhh the horror!!!! https://t.co/PN2wOPvCyr  eve peyser (@evepeyser) July 6, 2017Paul Ryan should just stop shilly-shallying around and order all women to wear full burqas https://t.co/n7G163iGil  Hadley Freeman (@HadleyFreeman) July 6, 2017No sleeveless dresses are allowed on Capitol Hill because if Paul Ryan can t show off his arms, no one can. pic.twitter.com/ZWzmhoPsEP  Matt Fernandez (@FattMernandez) July 6, 2017My mom has a button that says  Fuck Paul Ryan  She wears it on her sleeveless top  NorahBrink (@nbrink77) July 6, 2017Sure, if a man showed up with a wife beater, he d probably be kicked out of the House too, but sleeveless has long been an acceptable choice among professional women, especially during hot weather.Ryan s office didn t issue a reason for the arbitrary interpretation of the existing dress code, which is simply that reporters wear  appropriate attire.  It s not a big leap, though, to say that they are trying to de-sexualize women. Not only are they banning sleeveless attire, but they re also banning open-toed shoes.Remember, this is the party that tries to claim moral superiority over Muslims because (in part) of the strict dress codes among women in some Islamic countries.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
916, Confused Looking Trump Totally HUMILIATES Himself When He Gets Lost On Stage In Poland,"Donald Trump simply cannot seem to stop embarrassing himself   and thus America   on the world stage. Right now, he is in Europe for the incredibly important G-20 Summit, in which he is sharing a stage with people who are, well, qualified to be world leaders, whereas he clearly is not. It s also no secret that all of those leaders think he is a fool and a buffoon. As if that wasn t bad enough, Trump also spent his time bashing the American free press in a joint press conference with the Polish president. He also went after the intelligence community, and of course, couldn t resist taking a few shots at President Obama.Now, those things are already seriously problematic. However, the real, visible shocker came as Trump finished his speech on the stage in Poland   in front of a crowd the Polish government had bussed in to cheer for Trump because they are aware of how fragile his ego is. When he was done speaking, Trump walked from behind the bullet proof barrier that was there to protect his life. But instead of walking off the stage or going toward his security detail, he just wandered around looking confused, clearly unsure of what to do next. Finally, he just stood there like a deer in headlights.Now, I am no doctor, and far be it from me to diagnose the man with anything. I won t do that. But something seems to be seriously wrong there. That s not just Trump s rank incompetence. That s clear confusion. He literally had no clue what was going on around him or what he was supposed to be doing. I guess we should be grateful he managed to read from a teleprompter for a bit before whatever is going on with him reared its ugly head.And this is the guy with the nuclear codes. Think about that and fear for the future of the world.Watch this amazing video below:Trump gets lost in Poland. pic.twitter.com/mLSZsWDwAZ  Vic Berger IV (@VicBergerIV) July 6, 2017Featured image via Olivier Douliery   Pool/Getty Images",0
917," Republican Senator Chokes, Mocks Trump In Brutal Response To Health Care Failure (DETAILS)","On Wednesday, Senator Pat Toomey (R-PA) gave a shockingly honest response to why the Senate s long-awaited health care plan is being held back for so long.As Republicans are definitely feeling the pressure to release a superior health care plan to Obamacare (especially because they whined about how horrible the Affordable Care Act was for years), they continue to come up empty-handed and America is wondering what the hell is taking them so long to prepare what they should have been thinking about the entire time Obama was in office.Toomey gave an interesting reason for the delay at a town hall, practically blaming it on the fact that no one in the Republican Party actually had any faith that Trump would win, and therefore didn t bother taking their Obamacare replacement seriously. In a confession that would make Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan go into hiding, Toomey admitted: I didn t expect Donald Trump to win. I think most of my colleagues didn t. So we didn t expect to be in this situation. Trump himself hasn t made this easy for the GOP, as he continues to change his mind about the bill. Not long after he praised the House s version of the bill during a ceremony, he called the plan mean. Toomey also spent time during the town hall criticizing Trump for his attacks on the media, particularly MSNBC s Morning Joe hosts. Toomey said: Every President has had tension with the press. I think it s best to ignore it. Toomey made it perfectly clear that he s not really a fan of Trump s, and it might have been wishful thinking on his part that Trump wouldn t get elected and we would instead be calling Hillary Clinton  POTUS.  After watching Trump s performance for the last six months, Toomey could only give Trump a grade of incomplete. Toomey said: My assessment is it s mixed. Something tells us a lot of Republicans would agree.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
918, Trump’s Team Is So Incompetent They Couldn’t Even Book A Hotel Room For G20 Summit,"Donald Trump promised to surround himself with the  best  people, but his team couldn t even manage to book him a hotel room for the G20 summit and they ended up having to beg the City of Hamburg to put him up for the night in government owned housing.Buzzfeed News reports:White House officials apparently waited too long to book accommodations for President Trump, leaving him without a hotel in Hamburg, Germany, as world leaders converge for the G20 summit. [ ]The Hamburger Abendblatt, a local news outlet, reported that the US government wanted to accommodate Trump in the Four Seasons, but it was already booked. In fact, it turns out that every luxury hotel in Hamburg was reportedly booked by the time the Americans called, leaving Trump, who is associated with an empire of hotel properties, scrambling for a place to stay.The summit was scheduled in February 2016, but his team apparently forgot to book a room. By the time they thought about it, they were screwed. At one point, having run out of options,  there were even rumors Trump might have to sleep in Berlin and have to fly to Hamburg via helicopter. Luckily for Trump and his incompetent staff, the City of Hamburg came to his rescue and decided to put him up for the night in the Senate guest house. So far, no one has revealed if the city is expecting payment for Trump s last minute accommodations.The world leaders attending the G20 summit, along with their staff and security details, take up an estimated 9,000 hotel rooms. It s the kind of thing you have to plan in advance. Trump probably thought that hotels would be scrambling to accommodate him because he is just ever so important, but he got a rude awakening and found out that he isn t nearly as important as he thinks he is. If these people can t even manage to book a hotel room, how the hell can we expect them to lead the country?Featured image via Jens Schluter   Pool/Getty Images",0
919, Trump White House Stomps On First Amendment And Blackmails CNN,"It s no secret that Donald Trump hates the mainstream media, and specifically CNN, but our Constitution is set up in a way that there s nothing he can do about it. Trump, though, isn t about to let a quaint old piece of parchment paper stand in his way. The White House is threatening to prevent a planned merger between CNN and Time Warner if CNN doesn t start being nice to him.White House advisers have discussed a potential point of leverage over their adversary, a senior administration official said: a pending merger between CNN s parent company, Time Warner, and AT&T. Mr. Trump s Justice Department will decide whether to approve the merger, and while analysts say there is little to stop the deal from moving forward, the president s animus toward CNN remains a wild card.Source: NY TimesWhat s particularly interesting about this is that it comes at the exact same time as the right is accusing CNN of extortion. As you probably recall, Trump tweeted a GIF of him in a wrestling match beating the crap out of a man whose face had been covered by the CNN logo.CNN found the source of that GIF, which was a middle-aged man who has a habit of posting racist and anti-semitic posts on Reddit. Right-wingers were opposed to this statement from CNN:In the story, reporter Andrew Kaczynski wrote that CNN had found   but would not identify   the Reddit user, whose other posts included racist and anti-Semitic memes,  [b]ecause he is a private citizen who has issued an extensive statement of apology, showed his remorse by saying he has taken down all his offending posts, and because he said he is not going to repeat this ugly behavior on social media again. But it was the next line that would leave the pro-Trump internet inflamed and the journalism community scratching its head:  CNN reserves the right to publish his identity should any of that change. Source: BuzzfeedThe right-wing media and some politicians are full of claims of extortion by CNN. Of course, this is all happening at a time when the Trump administration is trying to get states to reveal sensitive data on all its voters, but it s the privacy of a racist internet troll that s sacrosanct.Now, the Trump administration s response to CNN is an actual threat of extortion. Perhaps he needs to read the Constitution before he burns it.This puts liberals in an uncomfortable position. Virtually no one favors the proposed merger between CNN and Time-Warner and there are numerous reasons to stop it, but if the price for stopping it is to severely damage our free press, it s not worth it. Contact CNN and demand that they stay strong.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
920, Trump Condemned By Jewish Leaders In Poland After Snubbing Warsaw Ghetto Memorial,"Republicans were crossing their fingers that Donald Trump s visit to Europe would go better than the last time, but the fates were not on their side. In just one day, Trump became a laughing stock over a failed handshake with Poland s First Lady and told the Polish people that the horrors they suffered during WWII were just  tough. He also managed to piss off the leaders of Poland s Jewish community by snubbing the Warsaw Ghetto Memorial.Visiting the memorial is a time-honored tradition when U.S. presidents visit Poland, but Trump decided he would just skip it. The Warsaw Ghetto Memorial honors the 750 Jews who lived in the ghetto and fought the Nazis in the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising when they came to drag every resident of the ghetto off to concentration camps in 1943.While Trump didn t bother to visit the memorial dedicated to the Jews that fought, he did find time to visit the Warsaw Uprising Monument, which honors the Polish resistance fighters who fought the Nazis in 1944, rather than the Jewish fighters from the ghetto.Leaders of Poland s Jewish community were not amused with Trump s decision to omit the Warsaw Ghetto Memorial from his itinerary. A scathing statement signed by Anna Chipczynska, President of the Jewish Community of Warsaw, Les aw Piszewski, President of the Union of the Jewish Communities in Poland, Michael Schudrich, Chief Rabbi of Poland, reads:Ever since the fall of Communism in 1989, all US presidents and vice-presidents visiting Warsaw had made a point of visiting the Monument to the Heroes of the Warsaw Ghetto. They did this in the name of the American people, who had played such a central role in bringing down Fascism, and in that of the universal commemoration of the victims of the Shoah, and condemnation of its perpetrators, that people of all nationalities and religions express. For the Jews of Poland, rebuilding in a democratic Poland their communal life, after the horror of the Shoah and the devastation of Communism, this gesture meant recognition, solidarity and hope. We deeply regret that President Donald Trump, though speaking in public barely a mile away from the Monument, chose to break with that laudable tradition. We trust that this slight does not reflect the attitudes and feelings of the American people.Ivanka Trump, who is Jewish, did visit the memorial and laid a wreath at the site.It was a deeply moving experience to be able to visit The Monument to the Ghetto Heroes and the POLIN Museum of the History of the Polish Jews. It was a privilege to be able to pay my respects and remember with gratitude those who fought with such tenacity against all odds. #POTUSinPolandA post shared by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Jul 6, 2017 at 3:34am PDT But Ivanka s visit did little to soften the blow of this perceived slight, particularly after the blatant anti-Semitism he and his administration have shown from the very beginning.Snubbing the memorial apparently wasn t enough for Trump. He just had to make things a little worse. In his speech, Trump included the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising in his list of the  evils beyond description  that the Polish people suffered through during WWII. This prompted Chelsea Clinton to call him out on Twitter.Wait, what? Surely Trump meant the Warsaw ghetto (way station to Treblinka death camp) was  evil  NOT the uprising against the Nazis. Surely https://t.co/3YbJgCM0PC  Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) July 6, 2017Trump on Hitler and Stalin invading Poland:  That s trouble. That s tough.  pic.twitter.com/prE4uOhVnV  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) July 6, 2017Any hope of Trump not making more enemies while on his second international trip just went out the window, with a thud.Featured image via Moshe Milner/GPO via Getty Images",0
921," Trump Tries To Shake Polish First Lady’s Hand, She Refuses To Touch Him (VIDEO)","Poland is acting like they don t quite like fascists or something. While some have criticized Andrzej Duda for arranging a cheering crowd (complete with a Confederate flag) to make poor besieged snowflake Donald Trump feel safe enough from criticism that he was willing to visit,it was worth it. It was so worth it.Humiliating Trump is becoming something of a sport among world leaders, whether they are dominating the handshake game, trolling him on Twitter, or even just letting him speak.Shortly into his remarks on Thursday, Trump majorly undersold Hitler and Stalin s invasions of Poland, calling them  tough  and  trouble    remarks that baffled literally anyone who has opened a  history book and realizes how horrific these events were.To top things off, Trump managed to once again find himself humiliated by a woman   a huge blow for the kind of guy who thinks women aren t people.Today s example of how little the rest of the world respects Donald Trump is sponsored by Polish First Lady Agata Kornhauser-Duda, who apparently decided to follow Melania s numerous examples and refuse to touch his hands.Though Trump was able to shake her husband s hand, the First Lady didn t want his greasy, smallish p*ssy-grabbing hands anywhere near her. As Trump attempts to shake her hand, she walks straight past without even looking at him and warmly greets Melania first. The most beautiful part is Donald Trump s expression.Our  President  is a joke and we re still waiting for a punchline that will never come. It s time to remove him from office so we can begin undoing the damage he has done, is doing, and will do.Watch it below:The latest installment in the @realDonaldTrump handshake saga: Do you think he was snubbed by Poland's First Lady?https://t.co/l5lZ2oMYLq pic.twitter.com/Scm4pUB6e3  Globalnews.ca (@globalnews) July 6, 2017Featured image via screengrab",0
922, WATCH: Trump Insults Poland By Downplaying The Horrors They Experienced During World War II,"Six million Poles lost their lives during World War II. But to Donald Trump, that s just  tough. Perhaps no nation suffered as much devastation as Poland did during the war. The nation was invaded and terrorized by the Nazis and then invaded and terrorized by the Soviet Union. Poland was caught in the middle as two brutal military powers clashed.Poland experienced war first-hand, as well as poverty, homelessness, starvation, disease, and the Holocaust. In fact, Poland lost the highest percentage of citizens during the war and its population did not recover until the 1970s.On top of that, Poland went from suffering under Nazi rule to suffering under Soviet rule. The Soviets sent Poles to gulags throughout the Soviet Union. Communism would dominate Poland until the free elections of 1989, and after that, communism in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union itself collapsed.The utter devastation suffered by Poland demands proper recognition. And Trump proved that he is incapable of expressing true sadness about such a human tragedy.During his speech to the people of Poland, Trump spoke of Poland s tragic history as if it was simply an everyday hardship like having one s car stolen or breaking a leg and having no health insurance. In 1939 you were invaded yet again, by Nazi Germany from the west, and the Soviet Union from the east. That s trouble. That s tough. Here s the video via VidMe. Tough  is not the appropriate word to describe what the Polish people went through during World War II.Hitler literally planned to wipe out the entire Polish people from existence and tried to do exactly that. The Soviets took away their nationality and treated them like non-citizens as well as taking away their lands and killing those who protested. And all Trump can say about it is that it was  tough. So Trump waltzed into Warsaw, a city that was nearly bombed out of existence, and insulted the Polish people to their faces, once again embarrassing our country. And the Polish crowds were forced to cheer for him. Seriously.Trump gets more pathetic every day.Featured image via screenshot",0
923, WATCH: Trump Disgracefully Attacks President Obama In Poland,"Donald Trump just sank to a new embarrassing low on the world stage.Sitting presidents usually do not attack their predecessors, especially during visits to other nations. And especially not in nations where the predecessor is popular.Such as the case in Poland, where President Obama is respected and supported.But Trump launched an attack on President Obama anyway during a press conference alongside Polish President Duda on Wednesday that included a whole lot of lies and a suggestion that Obama committed treason.After being asked to  definitively  admit that Russia meddled with the 2016 Election, Trump teeter-tottered before blaming President Obama and claimed Obama knew about Russian interference and  did nothing. I think it was Russia and I think it could have been a lot of people interfered,  Trump said.  I said it very simply. I think it could very well have been Russia, but I think it well could have been other countries, and I won t be specific, but I think a lot of people interfere. Why did he [Obama] do nothing about it?  Trump continued.  He was told it was Russia by the CIA as I understand it. It was well reported and he did nothing about it. I think it s been happening for a long time. It s been happening for many years. Now, the thing I have to mention is that Barack Obama when he was president found out about this in terms of if it were Russia. Found out about it in August. Now, the election was in November. That s a lot of time. He did nothing about it. Here s the video via YouTube.In fact, President Obama did warn Russia in September to cease their hacking activities. Russia didn t obey and President Obama slapped sanctions against them in retaliation. Also, there was not a lot Obama could do since Trump was out there claiming that the election is  rigged.  Had Obama stopped Russia from helping Trump win, Trump would have accused Obama of rigging the election against him.If Trump is so confident that President Obama is to blame for Russian interference, why is he trying so hard to sabotage the Russia investigation?Once again, America becomes even more of a laughingstock around the globe because Trump refuses to keep his mouth shut and remain civil in public.Featured Image: Screenshot ",0
924, Trump Kicks Off Poland Visit By Trashing America In Unhinged Russia Rant (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s first trip overseas was an absolute disaster, and it s becoming obvious that Trump has full intention of making his second one just as bad.Trump kicked off his second international tour with a joint press conference with Poland s President, Andrzej Duda, and it seemed as though Trump totally forgot which country he is supposed to be leading. When Trump was questioned about Russia by MSNBC White House Correspondent Hallie Jackson, Trump betrayed America in front of the entire world.Jackson asked Trump, Will you once and for all, yes or no, definitively say that Russia interfered in the 2016 election?  Trump responded by trashing U.S. intel and former President Barack Obama: I think it was Russia and I think it could have been a lot of people interfered. I said it very simply. I think it could very well have been Russia, but I think it well could have been other countries, and I won t be specific, but I think a lot of people interfere.I think it s been happening for a long time. It s been happening for many years. Now, the thing I have to mention is that Barack Obama when he was president found out about this in terms of if it were Russia. Found out about it in August. Now, the election was in November. That s a lot of time. He did nothing about it. Jackson pressed Trump further, asking the unhinged POTUS why he refused to agree with what U.S. intel is currently saying about Russia: Your intelligence agencies have been far more definitive. They say it was Russia. Why won t you agree with them and say it was? Trump made U.S. intel look like a joke: Let me start off by saying I heard it was 17 agencies. I said boy, that s a lot. Do we even have that many intelligence agencies? Let s check it. We did some heavy research. It turned out to be three or four, and many of your compatriots had to change their reporting and had to apologize and correct. You can watch Trump throw U.S. intel and Obama under the bus below:This disgusting move has been condemned by many already. Morning Joe host Joe Scarborough called Trump s comments  nothing short of disgusting. As we ve said before, you re on foreign soil. This is remarkable. For a sitting president of the United States to be on foreign soil. You can t really underline this enough, and attack America s intel community, on foreign soil, and attack America s free press on foreign soil   For him to attack American institutions two days after the fourth of July on foreign soil, the day before we meet America s chief adversary is nothing short of disgusting. Trump never ceases to surprise us by taking the country to new lows.Featured image via Drew Angerer  / Getty Images",0
925, Trump In Poland: ‘Everyone’ In The U.S. Is Now ‘Getting Very Rich’ Because Of Me,"The current occupant of the White House traveled overseas and met with President Andrzej Duda of Poland at the Royal Castle in Warsaw, then continued to embarrass our country by bashing the media, refusing to say outright that Russia meddled in our 2016 presidential election. He then went on to tout his economy even though he s only been on the job for 167 days.On Thursday, the former reality show star Trump bragged about the U.S. economy, saying everyone else is getting rich.Trump spoke of U.S. stock market gains since he was elected, according to The Hill. Personally, I ve picked up nothing,  he said.  Everyone else is getting very rich. That s ok, I m very happy. On the 4th of July, Trump tweeted,  Really great numbers on jobs & the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don t like steel & aluminum dumping! Really great numbers on jobs & the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don't like steel & aluminum dumping!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 3, 2017While on the campaign trail, Trump said,  I will be the greatest jobs producer that God ever created  but that promise hasn t been kept. 594,000 jobs have been created since Trump took office and that s a dismal number if you compare it to Obama s record. And of the jobs created by the Trump administration, most of those can be attributed to Obama s economy. Businesses that were bleeding jobs unleashed the longest streak of job creation on record,  Obama wrote in a letter to the American people.The economy added jobs for 75 straight months.As for Trump bragging about jobs, the US employment growth is actually slowing.Trump says he hasn t made money but that, too, is a lie. Trump and his family members are shamelessly profiting from his so-called presidency. Trump said that  everyone  is getting rich but a quick visit to my bank online just showed me that that is not true.For the record, 11.3 million new jobs were created under President Obama. Trump did accomplish one thing, though. He managed to disparage the U.S. media while on foreign soil. That s got to be a first.Photo by Olivier Douliery   Pool/Getty Images.",0
926, WH Starts Condensing Intel Briefings Into Tweet Form In Desperate Move To Get Trump To Read Them,"Donald Trump s obsession with Twitter and inability to concentrate on any concept more complex than a sentence or two is now being put to use by his desperate staff.Trump is about to embark on a high-stakes, crucial sitdown with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the G20 summit in Europe. Unfortunately for America, he cannot concentrate on learning anything before he goes. Trump is infamous for refusing to read intelligence briefings (or read anything, really), but his lack of focus has only gotten worse as his poll numbers slide and his petty fights with morning show hosts and his golf trips consume most of his days.His frantic staff is down to one last move to get him to read a few facts before sitting down with Putin. What follows is one of, perhaps, the most pathetic things you ll ever read.Here s what sources told the LA Times about how Trump s team is getting the president to read up on the adversary who interfered in the 2016 presidential election just months ago:The profile, according to two U.S. officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss the preparations, is part of a thick binder prepared for Trump. The president often doesn t read the usual briefing books and relies on in-person briefings, the officials said, so aides also have written a list of tweet-length sentences that summarize the main points Trump could bring up with Putin.Having thoroughly killed the reputation of the White House in a variety of ways, Trump now isn t even expected to read anything longer than a tweet. And his Republican allies in Congress don t seem to find anything wrong with that.There is a growing sense, both in Washington and around the country, that the executive branch no longer functionally exists. Trump watches an estimated 5 hours of television a day. He tweets at his enemies, sometimes using memes created by racists and which made their way to his desk in mysterious, disturbing ways. He visits his properties and golfs. The rare time staff can get him to actually work on something gets derailed by Trump s incessant ego and casual obliviousness. His staff is now encouraged to bring up Trump and his election win as often as possible. They are told to not contradict him when he says something factually untrue. Sometimes he ll leave Fox News running in the background while his staff tries to conduct business.Even that was too much work, apparently. Now he needs 140 characters or less or his mind will wander to right-wing memes and personal attacks on his enemies. And he appears to be getting worse.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
927," EVERY State In America Just Turned On Trump, This Is A Major ‘F*ck You’ To POTUS (DETAILS)","From day one of Donald Trump s failure of a presidency, it was perfectly clear that the former reality television star thought he was a king and expected America to roll over and do whatever the hell he wanted. Unfortunately for the unworthy POTUS, his presidency is panning out a lot differently than he imagined, and he s just been sent another great big  f*ck you  by the United States.Trump s voter fraud conspiracy has just been dealt a major blow and suffered a humiliating defeat, as every single state in America is refusing to give up the voter data that Trump is demanding. According to The Washington Post: In a rare display of bipartisanship, officials in nearly every state have said they will partially or fully refuse to comply with President Trump s voting commission, which has encountered criticism and opposition after issuing a sweeping request for voter data nationwide. Even as some of the resistance centers on Trump and members of his commission, the broader responses from the states indicate a strong and widespread belief that local officials should be managing elections and that the White House s request for volumes of information went too far. That s right   America as a whole united and agreed that what Trump wanted was unconstitutional or illegal, and made moves to protect Americans  private data. This is not only extremely embarrassing for Trump, but it also reveals that his administration is increasingly lazy and sloppy, having not even bothered to look and see if their request for the voter data was legal by state law!Unlike Trump and his incompetent team, the majority of America is not so reckless and willing to bow down to a complete idiot. This will go down in the books as yet another one of Trump s failures, as he is once again defeated by the checks and balances he thought he could overrun with his dictator-style  leadership.  Way to go, America!Featured image via Drew Angerer / Getty Images",0
928, New Poll: WAY More Americans Want Trump Impeached Than Approve Of The Job He Is Doing,"Donald Trump has been notorious for touting poll numbers that look good for him. During the campaign, whenever he d careen into one of his many controversies and the numbers dipped, he and his mouthpieces would reference junk polls to show that people still loved The Donald. Of course, any poll that can be voted in a million times online is bogus. However, factual data isn t bogus, and that data does not look good for Trump right now. In fact, a new poll shows that way more Americans want Trump removed from office than the number of people who think he s doing a good job.According to new data from Public Policy Polling, 47 percent of Americans see Donald Trump as the incompetent, dangerously unstable buffoon he is, and want him impeached posthaste. On the other hand, just 37 percent believe he is actually a good president. That isn t surprising; after all, the slavish, blind devotion of his mouthbreathing base has not been a secret for nigh on two years now.On the other side of said insane base, there were marches around the nation for the holiday weekend demanding Trump s removal and protesting his administration and their policies. Further, more Democrats are becoming emboldened by these numbers and are actually drafting articles of impeachment. One such Democrat is Rep. Brad Sherman (D-CA). Speaking in his home district in Los Angeles, Rep. Sherman egged the anti-Trump crowd on, saying: We have to act now to protect our country from abuse of power and impulsive, ignorant incompetence. At this declaration, the crowd borrowed from Trump s own base, and shouted back:  LOCK HIM UP! Of course, there s one little difference between Trump s base and the Democrats   there s PLENTY of evidence to suggest that Trump is a criminal, while there is absolutely none to suggest the same about Hillary Clinton.Of course, there will be no impeachment until the Democrats take back the House of Representatives, and there will be no invocation of the 25th Amendment to remove and unfit  president  from office for the sake of the nation. Therefore, we MUST turn out in 2018, and make sure we control both chambers of Congress. That s the only way we get real, credible Congressional investigations into the Russia ordeal, and it s the only way we get rid of Trump and his criminal administration.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
929, GOP Just Demanded Hillary Clinton Give Them A ‘Plan’ To Fix Healthcare And Got ROASTED ALIVE (TWEETS),"On Wednesday, the GOP   in an effort to deflect from the fact that they have failed multiple times to come up with an acceptable alternative to Obamacare   began rage-tweeting Democrats demanding that they supply them with a workable plan. This, of course, is despite Republicans  decision to shut Democrats entirely out of the process while they came up with their terrible replacement for the Affordable care Act. We ve got to fix what s broken,  the GOP tweeted with a two second video of Hillary Clinton saying those words.  Where s your plan, @HillaryClinton? We ve got to fix what s broken.  Where's your plan, @HillaryClinton? pic.twitter.com/CmRB4mCsZd  GOP (@GOP) July 5, 2017The simple answer, of course, is that Republicans could have Googled to find her plan. Clinton s plan is still live on her website. While it s far from complete, being a summary on a campaign website, it is a pretty good start. She has also spoken in detail about various things she would do to improve our healthcare system.Americans, who have been kept in the dark about the GOP s various failed plans, joined together to roast the living f*ck out of the Stupid Party.Uh, the ball s in your court, GOP. What s YOUR plan?  Danny Wallace (@dannywallace) July 5, 2017Is   this   a crowdsourcing? Because as satire, it s bat$&?* awful.  will broussard (@Jag_Me_Out) July 5, 2017She doesn t NEED a plan you asshats. She s a private citizen. The plans need to come from the party if NO who has no clue how to govern.  LadyLiberal ? (@LadyLiberals) July 5, 2017Wait, did @HillaryClinton win? I mean, we know she bested you by 3 million votes, but why are you asking her?  Ben Weston (@psiphyr) July 5, 2017You fuckers have the presidency, senate, and house and still can t get it done. So let s talk about your ineptitude before we go there.  eric af (@ewfeez) July 5, 2017Look, you guys really seem to be having a hard time with this. You won the election. Your turn to govern. You have to fix this, not dems.  Isaac Lampner (@Lamp1952) July 5, 2017Why are you asking a private citizen something you were elected to do? Ask me and other citizens too!!  Fighting Failure (@remorganus) July 5, 2017Found it for you: https://t.co/EVVONW3e5F  Just in Time to Eat (@JustinSaysThis) July 5, 2017Wow. Just wow.  Bowling Green Victim (@TeamGulley) July 5, 2017Y all are so sad with this angle. Dems had a plan, y all rejected it. They d still sit down with you and work together if you were sensible.  Alp Ozcelik (@alplicable) July 5, 2017Are fing kidding me? If you wanted a plan you should have supported HRC instead of the ??  Jellokitty (@jellokitty5) July 5, 2017Are you asking because you re out of ideas? Or just because yours are so bad?  Finc (@fincinc) July 5, 2017Checkout her web page. Pretty sure her plan is still up. In fact, pick a subject & she has a plan for it. Not just  It ll be great!  Sharon Jones (@SharonJ44257163) July 5, 2017LOL! Is this a cry for help? pic.twitter.com/whRD3rXXEw  Pia Wilson  ? ?  (@pwilson720) July 5, 2017GOP admits to being out of ideas  Crenshaw (@okie210) July 5, 2017pic.twitter.com/xaYdQtil5k  XweAponX (@XweAponX) July 5, 2017You did not just tweet this, did you?  Democracy???? (@ChrisSobolowski) July 5, 2017I missed the memo. Is Hillary president?  Kiran Kaur (@kirangkaur) July 5, 2017uhhhh this is embarrassing for you guys but it s actually been on her website the whole time  no roses no frogs ? (@sidleypkhermit) July 5, 2017Look on her goddamned campaign website, you monsters. ITS ALL THERE.  I m Sorry Aunt Lydia (@TinaMcGugan) July 5, 2017Where s your plan? I d ask my GOP senator, but his office doesn t answer phones and he holds no town hall meetings.  JB (@jennberg) July 5, 2017@GOP isn t smart enough to get out of the rain, Tweets this bs out while Trumps cedes leadership to anyone. Vote these losers out pic.twitter.com/YdmZO3Xap4  Molly (@Plantflowes) July 5, 2017The GOP also demanded that Bernie Sanders   who has presented a detailed plan for single payer healthcare   and Bill Clinton as well as other Demeocrats (all of whom with the exception of DINO Joe Manchin have shared detailed ideas with Americans) provide them with the answers they are too stupid to find themselves.Featured image via Getty Images/screengrab",0
930, Trump Is So Unpopular Crowds Will Be Bussed In To Cheer For Him During Poland Visit,"Amateur president Donald Trump isn t well liked in the U.S. or around the world. 37 nations had far more confidence in former Barack Obama when it comes to international affairs than with the former reality show star. In the U.K., protesters are on alert just in case Trump makes a surprise visit in order to avoid being triggered by any demonstrations against his administration. 70 percent of the public in Britain have an unfavorable view of Trump. Trump, a  man  who seeks constant adoration, found a safe place with Poland, likely because of the governing party s nationalistic ideology.Trump has a lot in common with Poland s leaders. They oppose immigration, they hold doubts about climate change and don t intend to give up on coal-generated energy.The Associated Press reports that Poland s government will alleviate Trump s hurt fee-fees over possibly not being welcomed by the country s people.The White House received a promise from Poland s government that Trump will be well received and to accomplish that, crowds will be bussed in by pro-government activists to cheer for the so-called president of the U.S.The Wall Street Journal reports:Like many of his fellow Polish pro-government lawmakers, Dominik Tarczynski is sending a busload of constituents to Warsaw on Thursday to cheer for President Donald Trump. The buses are being provided by a foundation close to the governing party. It s going to be huge absolutely huge,  Mr. Tarczynski said of the coming welcome for Mr. Trump.  They just love him, the people in Poland they just really love him. Sure, but they have to be paid or prompted to show their alleged  love  for him.  a osne!With growing tensions mounting between North Korea and the U.S., the former reality show star was asked what he plans to do about that. Trump responded just before taking flight, saying,  We re going to do very well. As for the crowds being bussed in to feign adoration for Trump, the alleged president is still not well liked by Poland s citizens so he shouldn t count on a huge crowd of supporters cheering him on.Photo by Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images.",0
931, Trump Brags About Gas Prices And Gets HUMILIATED With Facts,"Gas prices are expected to rise sharply this year, but Donald Trump thinks a ten-year low for a single day is something he should get credit for.On July 4th, gas prices dropped to an average $2.23 a gallon. It s the lowest it has been on Independence Day in ten years.So, of course, Trump bragged about it.Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 4, 2017Keep in mind, we are only halfway through 2017, and one day does not equal one year.Also, presidents do NOT control gas prices, something conservatives are always hypocritically pointing out when gas prices come down during a Democratic presidency or when gas prices are high during a Republican presidency. But when gas prices are low during a Republican presidency, conservatives throw that knowledge out the window and claim that the president did it.Such is the case now.But Trump had nothing to do with current gas prices. You see, the market has been flooded with oversupply from OPEC, which has driven the price of gasoline down over the last couple years.In 2015, the national average price of gas dropped from $3.37 in 2014 to $2.35.And last year s Independence Day saw a gas price of $2.26 per gallon. That s a mere three cent difference from the low that Trump bragged about yesterday.You didn t hear conservatives giving President Obama credit for that. Nor did they give Obama credit for the even lower national average of $2.20 per gallon in November 2016.But, again, oversupply is the reason why we have cheaper gas right now. Once that supply is burned off, the price of gas will go back up and there s nothing Trump can do about it. One thing he will do, however, is blame anyone and anything else for the rise. He certainly won t be taking credit or bragging.Featured image via Michael Reynolds-Pool/Getty Images",0
932, Watch Confused Trump Wander Aimlessly Away From Limo (VIDEO),"Amid news of the Russian scandal and Congress  dystopian agenda, one fact keeps staring the American people right in the eye and Republicans are choosing to ignore it. Donald Trump is mentally unfit to be President. There s even a movement beginning in Congress that would invoke the 25th Amendment to the Constitution   to declare Trump mentally unfit   and remove him from office. A video of Trump wandering off of Air Force One and away from his limo won t help his cause.In the video, Trump is seen exiting the airplane, and despite the fact that the limo is adorned with American flags, and despite the fact that it s parked right at the bottom of the steps he just descended, Trump wandered right by and his Secret Service agents had to wrangle the visibly confused 45 back.Here s the video:Twitter users are genuinely concerned that this man is in charge of the country:I swear to God Trump is sundowning. Here he is, confused, wandering away from his limo. He had to be redirected.#25thAmendmentNow pic.twitter.com/0ZZOMTMd1k  Holly O Reilly (@AynRandPaulRyan) July 4, 2017Trump was furious when Twitter called him incompetent. UPDATE: He just got lost walking from his plane to his limo https://t.co/d7zlw0iwiJ  The Daily Edge (@TheDailyEdge) July 5, 2017It s comforting that Trump also sees a limo with the presidential seal and thinks,  That can t possibly be for Donald Trump.  https://t.co/fd5HIVwLQJ  Jess Dweck (@TheDweck) July 4, 2017Trump s mental health is a serious question. Here he is, lost and confused, searching for his limo that was right in front of him. pic.twitter.com/u5JJ1qNBie  Hosseh Enad (@ehosseh) July 4, 2017OMG. How could anyone miss a limo the size of a tank? That s incredible. Something has to be wrong with Trump. https://t.co/R0oxCeImiK  John Oberlin (@OMGno2trump) July 5, 2017And then there was this:Remember when HRC stumbled into her limo and Trump claimed unfit to be pres? She had the flu. What s his excuse for this lack of awareness? https://t.co/rY6Keub5Ns  Linda (@maaddmomm) July 4, 2017#Trump: Dude, where s my car?#Aide: Sir, it s that big black thing.#Trump: I only see Gold memo  paint limo pic.twitter.com/mgKj3QVhij  DaTruth (@DaWholeTwuth) July 5, 2017That Presidential moment as you stroll down the steps of Airforce1 to your Limo @CNN @cnnbrk @realDonaldTrump #Trump #USA pic.twitter.com/PNCPXZAdao  chris24turner (@chris24turner) July 5, 2017On the bright side, if Trump can t find a limo that s right in front of him, he probably won t be able to find the nuclear codes.#FakePOTUS  Captain Truth (@TruthTeamOne) July 5, 2017Some noted other times Trump seemed disoriented:Everybody calm down. Sure, Trump wandered away from his limo but it s not like he has a history of this kinda thing. pic.twitter.com/Mm7fXP1THL  Dab Aggin (@DabAggin) July 4, 2017Aside from giving the 25th Amendment people a little more ammo out of this, it does open one other possibility. Trump is a man of great, sometimes debilitating and self-destructive pride, which is why he s so horrible at his current job. If videos like this keep surfacing, Trump may resign just to save himself the inevitable humiliation of mental deterioration. It s also important to note that Trump s father had Alzheimer s.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
933, Preet Bharara Hilariously Trolls Donald Trump Jr. For Failing At Grade School Level Spelling (TWEETS),"If there s one thing that has become abundantly clear over the past year or so, it s that the Trump family isn t all that bright   especially when it comes to spelling. They can manage to misspell even the simplest of words and seem to be completely oblivious to the fact that spell check is a thing.On Tuesday, which was the Fourth of July, Donald Trump Jr. sent out a tweet asking  what exactly are Big Govt, opprressive taxation, anti 2A left wing socialists celebrating today? Out of curiosity, what exactly are Big Govt, opprressive taxation, anti 2A left wing socialists celebrating today?  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 4, 2017Former United States Attorney Preet Bharara, who was fired while investigating Trump after repeated assurances that his job was secure, responded to Junior s misspelled tweet by hilariously trolling him for failing at grade school level spelling. Also we might celebrate the ability of immigrant spelling bee contestants to know that  oppressive  has only one  r.  Build a wwallll,  Bharara tweeted back at Trump s son.Also we might celebrate the ability of immigrant spelling bee contestants to know that  oppressive  has only one  r.  Build a wwallll. https://t.co/zAed69PxYM  Preet Bharara (@PreetBharara) July 5, 2017Bharara wasn t the only one to point out Junior s error.I dunno, try literacy? #opprressive  Mike Denison (@mikd33) July 4, 2017People who can fucking spell.  Gwen Ihnat (@gwenemarie) July 5, 2017Freedom of education and that includes spelling. Also the dream of civil rights, women s rights, and equality for all Americans.  Shannon Stirone (@shannonmstirone) July 5, 2017Public education for one. Your education failed you, Junior.  Heather Whaley (@HeatherWhaley) July 5, 2017Not free health care and a world class education system that s for sure  HanAssholeSolo (@KomptonMusic) July 4, 2017Oppressive *. Your phone literally has spellcheck.  Joe Port ?? (@JoePort) July 4, 2017*oppressive They re probably figuring out a way to teach you English  Joey Ayoub ? (@joeyayoub) July 5, 2017The freedom to spell  oppressive  correctly?  Chris Lowell (@mrchrislowell) July 5, 2017You would think that since these people are supposed to be the  First Family,  they would try a little harder to avoid making themselves look like complete morons. Alas, we are asking too much. The Trump s would be an embarrassment at a third-grade spelling bee, so is it any wonder that they humiliate the United States on a daily basis?Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
934, Paul Manafort’s Daughters Say Their Father Is Guilty Of Mass Murder In Leaked Text Messages,"Leaked text messages between the daughters of Paul Manafort, who served as Donald Trump s campaign manager until his Russian ties came back to bite him in the rear, reveal that they believe their father committed mass murder in the Ukraine.Manafort has conceded that his daughter s phones were hacked and roughly 300,000 messages were leaked. There is no way to describe the conversations between Andrea and Jessica other than downright chilling. Don t fool yourself,  Andrea wrote to her sister, according to Business Insider.  That money we have is blood money. You know he has killed people in Ukraine? Knowingly,  she continued.  As a tactic to outrage the world and get focus on Ukraine. Remember when there were all those deaths taking place. A while back. About a year ago. Revolts and what not. Do you know whose strategy that was to cause that, to send those people out and get them slaughtered. In later messages between Andrea and her cousin, Collin Bond, she also revealed that Manafort s marriage was in trouble, but a  public divorce  was not an option because Manafort had  too many skeletons  and  his work and payment in Ukraine is legally questionable. He is a sick f ing tyrant,  Andrea said to Bond regarding her father.  And we keep showing up and dancing for him.   We just keep showing up and eating the lobster. Nothing changes. In their texts, his daughters also discussed Manafort s relationship with Donald Trump. Politico reports:In one exchange, daughter Jessica Manafort writes  Im not a trump supporter but i am still proud of dad tho. He is the best at what he does.  Her sister Andrea Manafort responded by referring to their father s relationship with Trump as  The most dangerous friendship in America,  while in another exchange she called them  a perfect pair  of  power-hungry egomaniacs,  and asserted  the only reason my dad is doing this campaign is for sport. He likes the challenge. It s like an egomaniac s chess game. There s no money motivation. Manafort has a long history of working for murderous dictators with zero f*cks to give about those who suffer the ultimate consequences. Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos, Ukraine s Viktor Yanukovych, and Zaire s Mobutu Sese Seko are all on Manafort s resume. And apparently, his family is completely aware of who this man really is   and so is Trump.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
935," NPR Tweets Entire Declaration Of Independence, Dumbass Conservatives Think It’s An Attack On Trump (SCREENSHOTS)","On Independence Day, National Public Radio tweeted the entire Declaration of Independence to accompany their annual reading of the most important document in our nation s history.In Congress, July 4, 1776.  NPR (@NPR) July 4, 2017The unanimous Declaration of the thirteen united States of America,  NPR (@NPR) July 4, 2017When in the Course of human events,  NPR (@NPR) July 4, 2017it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another,  NPR (@NPR) July 4, 2017and to assume among the powers of the earth,  NPR (@NPR) July 4, 2017the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature s God entitle them,  NPR (@NPR) July 4, 2017a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.  NPR (@NPR) July 4, 2017We hold these truths to be self-evident,  NPR (@NPR) July 4, 2017that all men are created equal,  NPR (@NPR) July 4, 2017that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights,  NPR (@NPR) July 4, 2017that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.  NPR (@NPR) July 4, 2017 and so on.To people who generally listen to NPR and are typically well-informed (or anyone who graduated kindergarten), this was a wonderful expression of patriotism to be proud of. Then, of course, there are conservatives.While our frenemies on the Right love to wave their flags and call themselves  patriots,  the Declaration of Independence is apparently on their reading lists alongside the first half of the Second Amendment and parts of the Bible they can use to attack human rights. Conservatives swarmed NPR to whine and cry because they thought the tweets were   get this   an attack on Donald Trump.When NPR got to this part, things got a bit crazy:it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government,  NPR (@NPR) July 4, 2017Seriously, check this out.stop it  braeden (@wokepolitik) July 4, 2017The responses to @NPR tweeting the Declaration of Independence are sort of hilarious and sad all at once ??? ?  pic.twitter.com/yCp6PpSuYg  Savannah Grimm (@savvygrimm) July 5, 2017*heavy sigh* pic.twitter.com/Pb35SNdKqe  Melissa Martin (@DoubleEmMartin) July 4, 2017When you're triggered by the Declaration of Independence bc you want so badly to submit to King Donald the Doll-Handed . pic.twitter.com/aEyLEu24Qc  Alexandra ? (@AlexandraAimee) July 4, 2017So, NPR is calling for revolution.Interesting way to condone the violence while trying to sound ""patriotic"".Your implications are clear.  D.G.Davies (@JustEsrafel) July 4, 2017Wait wait don t tell me   Shakespeare? Bernie? MSNBC? The libtards? No??  Dimo (@hipperfish) July 5, 2017That last person actually repented, which is strange for a Trump supporter, but admirable:Trump says he loves the  poorly educated.  The reaction to the Declaration of f*cking Independence shows us why.Featured image via screengrab",0
936, The Internet EVISCERATES Whiny Nikki Haley After She Complains About Having To Do Her Job (TWEETS),"The Donald Trump Administration has to be the whiniest in history. Of course, they are all a bunch of spoiled, moneyed, grown up brats, so this is no surprise. Once a trust fund baby who appreciates nothing and was born with a silver spoon in your mouth, and there s no turning back. You either become a decent person because you had decent parents and morals and values plus a basic sense of awareness and decency yourself, or you become a rich asshole. Trump being Trump, of course, picked other rich assholes like himself. Case in point   United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley.Now, I know that Haley is awful. I live in South Carolina and lived under the tyranny of her governorship until Trump scooped her up to work in his administration. Therefore, her 4th of July tweet came as no surprise to me. Since the nutjob who runs North Korea is an ever-increasing nuclear threat, all relevant hands had to be on deck on Independence Day, since there had been yet another North Korean ballistic missile test less than 24 hours before. This one is especially grave, since there is every possibility that it could strike our nation. However, what is Nikki Haley worried about? Certainly not Kim Jung-un. No. She is worried about having to work on the holiday. Ambassador Haley tweeted:Spending my 4th in meetings all day. #ThanksNorthKorea  Nikki Haley (@nikkihaley) July 4, 2017Luckily, the good people of Twitter were on the job for this one, as per usual. They instantly railed Haley, and made her remember just what Independence Day and patriotism are all about:What job did you think you were signing up for, exactly?  Clara Jeffery (@ClaraJeffery) July 4, 2017This is your job 24/7 until you're out. You want a vacation? Quit. We need public servants. Serve or leave.  Pete Forester ?? (@pete_forester) July 4, 2017Kim Jong-un rubs his hands together and says, ""Excellent. Inconveniencing Nikki Haley was the entire purpose of the missile launch."" https://t.co/ENYRiWXod5  The Rude Pundit (@rudepundit) July 4, 2017Full day working with adults with disabilities @nikkihaley, for a whole lot less than you make. Your whining is pitiful.  molly lamountain (@canineasylum) July 4, 2017. Kudos. Spending a holiday working for American security is unprecedented. pic.twitter.com/QpqERnnd0i  Jake Query (@jakequery) July 4, 2017And that s just for starters. This woman is just like the rest of the Trump Administration   self -absorbed, completely unqualified for the job she holds, and uninterested in performing it for any reason other than advancing a political profile.Happy Independence Day, indeed, America. Hope you enjoyed it. With these fools in charge, it very well may be our last.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
937," GOP Official Just Quit Trump’s Bogus Voter Fraud Panel, More States Resist Giving Voter Info","So far, forty-four states are resisting the Trump administration s request for voter data. Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, vice chairman of the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity,  sent a letter to all 50 states to request voter information which he said would eventually be made available to the public, and even he cannot comply with his own request.Trump is trying to prove that he won the popular vote (he did not win the popular vote) and to prove that, he has claimed without any evidence whatsoever that millions had voted illegally in the 2016 presidential election.Last week, the alleged president who has failed to release his tax returns, tweeted,  Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide? Welp, Maryland s deputy Secretary of State just resigned from the Trump s bogus panel.The Baltimore Sun reports:Deputy Secretary of State Luis E. Borunda, a former Baltimore County school board member, informed the Hogan administration Monday that he resigned from Trump s Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity, according to Hogan spokesman Doug Mayer.On top of that, Maryland elections officials on Monday joined in with the other 43 states and rejected the Trump administration s request for personal information about the state s voters.Linda H. Lamone, Maryland s elections administrator, rejected the request for information after receiving an opinion from Attorney General Brian E. Frosh, who called President Donald J. Trump s investigation  repugnant. The assistant attorneys general representing the State Board of Elections have considered the request to the Board for the personal information of millions of voters and have determined that the requested disclosure is prohibited by law,  Frosh said.  I find this request for the personal information of millions of Marylanders repugnant; it appears designed only to intimidate voters and to indulge President Trump s fantasy that he won the popular vote. Frosh took to his Twitter account and blasted the Trump administration s request again. The assistant attorneys general representing SBE have considered the request and have determined the disclosure is prohibited by law,  Frosh tweeted.The assistant attorneys general representing SBE have considered the request and have determined the disclosure is prohibited by law.  Brian Frosh (@BrianFrosh) July 3, 2017 I find this request repugnant; appears designed only 2 intimidate voters and 2 indulge the President s fantasy that he won the popular vote,  he wrote.I find this request repugnant; appears designed only 2 intimidate voters and 2 indulge the President's fantasy that he won the popular vote.  Brian Frosh (@BrianFrosh) July 3, 2017 Repeating a false story of expansive voter fraud, and then creating a commission to fuel that narrative, does not make it any more true,  he continued.Repeating a false story of expansive voter fraud, and then creating a commission to fuel that narrative, does not make it any more true.  Brian Frosh (@BrianFrosh) July 3, 2017Frosh is not going to allow Trump to dox his constituents.I urge Gov. Hogan and SBE to speak out against this effort and to reject attempts to intimidate voters & obtain their personal information.  Brian Frosh (@BrianFrosh) July 3, 2017Trump still hasn t gotten over the fact that Hillary Clinton won the popular vote and that s kind of sad for a guy who promised his supporters if he s elected, they will  get bored with winning. Trump has been in office for 165 days and the Trump train is crashing.Happy birthday, America!Featured image via Isaac Brekken/Getty Images",0
938, WATCH: Republican Who Voted To Impeach Clinton Admits Trump Has Done Much Worse,"The Republican effort to impeach former President Bill Clinton is coming back to haunt them.Back in 1998, Republicans passed articles of impeachment against Clinton for lying under oath about an extramarital affair with Monica Lewinsky. Seriously, they really sought to impeach a sitting president for this.Fast-forward to 2017 and America has been suffering through the Donald Trump circus for six months. He has lied to the American people just about every time he speaks. He launches vicious attacks on the media and individuals. He is actively trying to kill an investigation into his ties with Russia that could reveal collusion during the 2016 Election, committing obstruction of justice along the way. He has violated the Constitution more time than we can count.Yet Republicans in this Congress have absolutely no problem with Trump abusing his power and acting like a petulant child.If Bill Clinton or Barack Obama had done these things, Republicans would have impeached both of them without thinking twice. And they would have successfully ousted them.Former Republican congressman Bob Inglis voted to impeach Clinton nearly 20 years ago, and now he admits that what Trump is doing is far worse than what Republicans tried to impeach Clinton for.During a 1998 interview, Inglis explained his vote by saying that president s need to have moral authority to lead. There are issues around the world that require American leadership,  he said.  The leader of the free world needs moral authority. And we ve got a president who is sorely lacking in that regard. CNN International host Christiane Amanpour reminded Inglis of his words on Monday and he was quick to apply them to the present day. Well, I guess that young guy you were just playing there apparently hadn t seen something called the Donald Trump show because this is much more serious than anything we ever accused Bill Clinton of,  Inglis declared. I mean, Bill Clinton was a problem involving perjury with the underlying matter being a sexual affair. This is something quite different, particularly when it gets into the Russia investigation and the firing of James Comey. These are very serious matters. Inglis also has a problem with Trump s involvement with Russia, his withdrawal of United States participation in the Paris Climate accords, and Trump  sidelining  America in the area of global leadership.Here s the video via Twitter.He voted to impeach Clinton. @bobinglis now says he  apparently hadn t seen something called the Donald Trump Show.  https://t.co/8zWMrwHQ1o  Christiane Amanpour (@camanpour) July 3, 2017Donald Trump should be impeached. His behavior has embarrassed the United States around the world and he has demonstrated clearly that he is unfit to hold office. If a simple extramarital affair and one lie is enough for Republicans to impeach a president, Trump should have been ousted on the first day. Republicans need to stop being hypocrites and do the right thing.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
939, City Of Chicago Just Told Trump To Go F*ck Himself With A Huge Golden Statue (IMAGES),"Donald Trump s giant tower in Chicago now has a very appropriate neighbor   a sign that puts it (and Trump) into context.Our  so-called President  has recently found himself the subject of ridicule for hanging up fake TIME Magazine covers at his properties in an effort to keep his massively undeserved ego satisfied. Recently, it was discovered that he invented a fake Civil War battleground to make one of his golf courses seem more important. He screams  FAKE NEWS  about real facts and calls lies the truth. Nothing about him (outside of his hatred for all that is good and decent) is real   and now there s a sign to say it.Chicago artist Scott Reeder  created a giant (appropriately golden) statue that says simply  REAL FAKE,  which is on loan to the city of Chicago and was placed there as part of their Year of Public Art program. It sits across the river from Trump Tower in the perfect location for a great photo:Art sculpture installed on Chicago River infront of Trump Tower. pic.twitter.com/X934EUxhKj  Erin (@etray2) June 29, 2017According to city spokeswoman Christine Carrino,  any insult is entirely in the eye of the beholder  but  what s wonderful about art is that it is completely open to interpretation.  The spot has become very popular with the extreme majority of Americans who happen to be in Chicago sightseeing. And why not? It looks quite nice at night: I LOVE Chicago!!! #DumpTrump #TrumpSucks #?A post shared by brandon (@brandonbbbbbbb) on Jun 28, 2017 at 7:31pm PDTDonald Trump is a joke   a really bad, really dangerous joke that is popular with Nazis, racists, and other bigots and needs to be stopped. It s good to see the city of Chicago recognize that.A week after the sign was installed, Trump decided to send federal agents into the city for unrelated but unfortunately timed reasons. It almost, given the circumstances, seems like his decision to make good on his January threat to  send in the feds  was somehow related to this joke at his expense. But he wouldn t be that petty, would he?No, seriously, would he?Featured image via screengrab",0
940, Trump’s Plan To Quietly Sneak Into England Backfires – And Now He Has To Publicly Disavow The Trip,"White House officials are now saying Trump won t make a trip to England this summer after a hurried, secret plan to sneak the president into the country was leaked to the English press causing widespread outrage.Trump s unpopularity in the United Kingdom is legendary, and his aversion to protesters has caused him to refuse to visit the nation until they can guarantee there won t be mass protests. But his staff apparently came up with a gamble that would allow him to meet with British Prime Minister Theresa May while avoiding the backlash. Unfortunately for him, it fell through almost immediately.Trump wanted to visit his golf course in Scotland (because, of course) while he was in Europe for the G20 meeting and the plan was to have him quietly pop over to London so he could meet with May. To avoid any chance of protests, Trump s staff is said to have warned British officials that the president would only be giving 24-hour notice before dropping by. This way, they reasoned, protesters wouldn t even know he was in the country before he was leaving again.Whitehall sources confirmed the government had been warned that the president could visit Turnberry, one of his two golf resorts in Scotland, during his trip to Europe, between attending the G20 summit in Hamburg and joining celebrations for Bastille Day in France on 14 July.Trump would be expected to come to Downing Street to meet the prime minister for informal talks as part of any such visit, though final confirmation would be likely to be given with just 24 hours  notice to minimise the risk of disruption.But like everything with Trump s flailing administration, the plan leaked to the press and protesters vowed to be ready, even at short notice.So the White House is back to saying he won t be visiting our ally after all. At least not this summer.A spokeswoman for the US president said on Monday that no trip was imminent, amid mounting speculation that Trump was planning to make an unofficial visit to the UK on his way to or from the G20 summit in Hamburg this week. While we look forward to visiting the UK, it will not happen in the next two weeks,  the spokeswoman said.It s doubtful that the White House s denials are going to make any would-be protesters put their guard down. The Trump administration has such a deep reputation of lying, that a denial from them means absolutely nothing. It s likely that angry English citizens will gather at Trump s Scottish golf course while Trump is in Europe juussstttt in case. And Trump has a notoriously hard time resisting a game of golf.Meanwhile, Trump is getting ready to meet his on-again, off-again friend Vladimir Putin at the G20 summit. His advisers told CNN that the president is not planning to bring up the fact that Russia hacked the U.S. elections. Nevertheless, it will certainly be the elephant in the room.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
941, Rep. Maxine Waters Just Nailed Ben Carson To The Wall With The Cold Hard Truth,"Rep. Maxine Waters just called Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson out for the heartless a**hole that he is. Speaking at the Essence Festival in New Orleans, the California Democrat blasted Carson with the truth: He doesn t give a damn  about people in public housing. [Carson] knows nothing about the mission of HUD. He doesn t care about people in public housing. He believes that if you are poor, it is your own fault. And he doesn t know the difference between an immigrant and a slave. Waters was referring to when Carson put his ignorance on display in March, seemingly unable to tell the difference between  immigrants  and slaves brought here against their will in chains. That s what America is about. A land of dreams and opportunity,  Carson had said.  There were other immigrants who came here in the bottom of slave ships, worked even longer, even harder for less. Carson followed that up by insisting that poverty is really just  a state of mind.  Because of course, it is. Everybody knows that you can feed your children with happy thoughts, right? You take somebody that has the right mindset, you take everything from them and put them on the street and I guarantee in a little while they ll be right back up there,  he said in May.  And you take somebody with the wrong mindset, you can give them everything in the world, they ll work their way right back down to the bottom. Waters also told the crowd that Carson should be prepared for her to rain down fire when he testifies before the House Committee on Financial Services, which she just happens to be a ranking member of. [If he] thinks that I am going to give him a pass, I am going to take his ass apart,  Waters promised.Featured image via Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images",0
942," Chuck Todd Takes On Trump’s Media Attacks, This Is Going To Get Ugly (VIDEO)","Donald Trump s attacks on the free press continue to get worse, and the media is pushing back. On Monday, Chuck Todd of NBC s Meet The Press pummeled Trump for his latest disgusting tweets and comments against the  fake news  media, and it was exactly what the country needed to hear.Todd s words are incredibly timely, as Trump is now inciting violence against members of the media, directly tweeting videos of himself beating up a reporter from CNN. Todd made note of the fact that Trump has gotten increasingly hostile during his presidency, and his  nasty  attacks on reporters have hit a new low. Todd also pointed out that Trump s administration has gone to great lengths to restrict the press and prevent them from sharing crucial details with the American people.While presidents often face criticism from the press, Todd argued that Trump s relationship with the press is in an unprecedented league of its own   and it s pretty scary. Todd said: If these actions and this language was being used by a leader in a different country, our State Department  would be saying  That country is inching towards authoritarianism.  Because that s usually the first sign: when you try to delegitimize a free press. Todd also slammed Trump for  dehumanizing  people in the media. What the president does with his tweets, and I had this conversation with him, I said don t personalize it. Attack the entities all you want, but when you attack individuals, you dehumanize. Trump s bullying isn t anything new   his racist, sexist policies and messages have long proven that Trump has the maturity of a child and is unable to have disagreements with people or process criticism like an adult. However, what Trump has now done to the media with these vicious attacks needs to be addressed as soon as possible, before someone gets hurt.You can watch Todd try to wake America up below:Featured image via video screenshot",0
943," Chris Christie Has Disgusting Response To Angry NJ Residents, He Sounds Just Like Trump Now","Once New Jersey Governor Chris Christie was defeated while running as a Republican candidate in the 2016 election, he quickly kissed up to Donald Trump and became one of the disgraceful POTUS  biggest advocates. Judging from how Christie has conducted himself over the last few days, he still admires the hell out of Trump.People have been furious with Christie recently, after photos surfaced of him enjoying a New Jersey beach with his family   a luxury that wasn t afforded to any other New Jersey resident. Why not? Because Christie decided to shut down several state parks, beaches, and more over the Fourth of July weekend due to a budget stalemate that Christie was a major part of.In an interview on Monday with Good Day Philadelphia, Christie responded to all of the backlash he s received for enjoying a beach that was closed to everyone else. His response could have been written by Trump himself. He simply said: I m sorry they re not the governor. Over the weekend, Christie had a similar moronic response to his use of the beach house where he was photographed: That s the way it goes. Run for governor, and you can have the residence. Heartless, disrespectful, and despicable   and extremely close to something Trump had said recently when he went off the rails at a rally to honor veterans. Trashing the media, Trump said: I m the president, and they re not. This really isn t a good look for Christie. After all, his approval rating in his final six months in office is pathetically low, at 15%   which is another thing he has in common with the disturbingly unpopular Trump.Voters have been so outraged over this, it s safe to say that Christie won t be New Jersey s governor for long. Hopefully, we can say the same for Trump.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
944, Obama Takes A Trip To Indonesia And MASTERFULLY Trolls Trump And Birthers,"President Obama visited Jakarta, where the normally staid and reasoned statesman gave a blistering assessment of the Trump administration and unleashed the birthers all over again.Obama is clearly angry at the fact that Trump pulled out of the Paris Climate agreement and told an audience in Indonesia that the U.S. temporarily has no leadership.Touting one of his cornerstone achievements while in office, he said:  In Paris, we came together around the most ambitious agreement in history about climate change. An agreement that even with the temporary absence of American leadership, can still give our children a fighting chance .Source: IndependentIf you recall, Obama spent some of his childhood in the largely Muslim Indonesia, a fact that was central to the  birther  movement, which was spearheaded by none other than Donald Trump. You can be sure that Obama knew exactly what the birthers would do with his visit to Indonesia and especially with his criticism of Trump and it s hard to imagine it s not completely intentional   anything to bring more attention to climate change.There s a certain irony to Obama pulling this crap in Indonesia  He needs to just retire while we glory in destroying his  legacy. #MAGA https://t.co/DDMKrEDqrE  Linda Suhler, Ph.D. (@LindaSuhler) July 1, 2017Obama in Indonesia, the world s most populous Muslim-majority country gives speech criticizing POTUS Trump. Obama is a #traitor to the USA! pic.twitter.com/x90SVJ7eJK  Glenn Quagmire (@marklar1969) July 1, 2017Actually, a traitor would be if the sitting president is actively colluding with Russia.He s a Muslim full of hate. He never even liked this Country. I knew it when he wouldn t put his hand on the Bible to be sworn in.  Connie Cryan (@ccryan41) July 3, 2017I was so POed by this creep attacking USA forgot he was in his childhood home talking to family & friends. Thanks for reminding me,  Thomas P Kennedy III (@ThomasPKennedy3) July 3, 2017Obama Spreading Racism & intolerance in Indonesia ! America s future does involve Strong People ,who learned from Obama s misguiding s ! ?? pic.twitter.com/4ZvUgTIoNR  Joey D (@Bahamajoe0) July 2, 2017Obama is trying to spark a coup from Indonesia just before Independence Day. Vladimir Lenin would be very proud of him.  The Daily POTUS (@redalertnow) July 3, 2017Not really sure any of those words belong together.Obama in Indonesia, majority Muslim, for 4th weekend, just being himself & blasting Americans for being TOO Patriotic ??while praising Islam pic.twitter.com/x6984u5rIW  Piper Covfefe (@PiperSul) July 3, 2017Oh, there he is! On that side of the world now. Obama s back home again in Indonesia https://t.co/gyXNceW4xz  Andrew Malcolm (@AHMalcolm) June 28, 2017Obama also argued against nationalism, which World Net Daily called  patriotism. With his friends in Jakarta IndonesiaNot surprised #Traitor #Obama is putting down #Patriotism on #IndependenceDayhttps://t.co/tQrLzCnCWx  Thomas P Kennedy III (@ThomasPKennedy3) July 3, 2017While Trump voters are giddy at once again being able to pull out the birther card, the real joke is on them and on Trump. Trump is unraveling through his Twitter feed. Obama knows that Trump will respond in the least presidential way possible   leaving the administration a bit more hobbled after each tweet.",0
945, Chris Christie Takes His Family To Closed Beach; Gives Voters Giant Trump Style F*ck You,"Chris Christie s New Jersey is in such gridlock that they ve had shut down the government, which means they ve had to shut down the beaches   the very same beaches New Jerseyans love to spend their summers. One New Jersey family, though, is spending the weekend at the shore. Governor Chris Christie and his family have one beach all to themselves and when his constituents complained, he gave them the most Trump answer possible, which boils down to  I m governor and you re not. That s just the way it goes. That was Gov. Chris Chrstie s response to reporters on Saturday when asked why it was okay for his family to vacation at Island Beach State Park over the Fourth of July weekend   while everyone else was locked out of the popular destination because of the government shutdown Christie ordered, leaving state parks, beaches and other facilities closed. The governor has a residence at Island Beach. Others don t,  Christie said.  Run for governor and you can have the residence. Source: Philly.comThe residence is owned by the state of New Jersey. Taxpayers pay for the beach, but they are not allowed to use it. New Jerseyans are p*ssed!NJ residents share their feelings w/ NJ Gov Chris Christie after they worked all year for a vacation & arrive to a closed beach #njshutdown pic.twitter.com/4qq2Z3evwE  Bob Marsdale (@BobMarsdale) July 1, 2017You mean Chris Christie and family have the beach completely to themselves ..abuse of power https://t.co/9RHDcIbnEz  lj ritter (@bernierockson) July 2, 2017What a piece of shit Chris Christie is. No words for what a garbage person is running NJ. #njshutdown https://t.co/itBUJWvhpc  Patrick Guaschino (@Pat_JG) July 1, 2017CHRIS CHRISTIE, GET THE HELL OFF THE BEACH!#NJBudget #NJ #ChrisChristie  Brenda Walker (@SeaWalker196) July 2, 2017Chris Christie is trying to see if he can get his approval to zero before the end of his term https://t.co/akO2QS0WhF  Peter Olson (@Dethtron5000) July 2, 2017Christie currently has a record low approval rating of just 15 percent and he doesn t care. He s on the way out because of term limits.If Christie s verbal bird to his constituents sounds familiar, it could be because it s eerily reminiscent of Donald Trump, who has more than one occasion said something to the effect of  I m President and you re not.  The first was in a Time Magazine interview, where he defended his way of governing: I m a very instinctual person, but my instinct turns out to be right. Hey, look, in the meantime, I guess I can t be doing so badly, because I m President, and you re not,  he told Time s Washington bureau chief, Michael Scherer.Source: CNNOn Sunday, Trump uttered a similar sentiment in a complaint about the media: The fake media is trying to silence us,  Mr. Trump told the crowd at the concert hall, after returning to Washington briefly from his weekend getaway at his golf club in New Jersey.  But we will not let them. Because the people know the truth. The fake media tried to stop us from going to the White House. But I m president and they re not. Source: NY TimesIt s not surprising, considering that Christie made his name with a flagrant disregard for civility, that he d channel Trump   or perhaps it is the other way around. Christie was fairly popular for a while, but as with one of those restaurants where people pay to be abused by the staff, his attitude wore thin on voters. It s beginning to wear thin with Trump as well, but that s for another article.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images.",0
946," Trump’s Latest Twitter Outburst Is A Violent, Fake-Wrestling Clip Attacking CNN","It s official   a child has been elected to the White House. Rather than act like the professional leader he s meant to be, Trump just sinks lower and lower on Twitter. This time, Trump has tweeted a fake-wrestling clip of himself filmed years ago, with the CNN logo superimposed on the man s face he was attacking. The clip ends with the words  Fraud News Network. #FraudNewsCNN #FNN pic.twitter.com/WYUnHjjUjg  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 2, 2017Yeah, Trump s really sunk that low. Rather than act as a professional with dignity   we have this as a president. I am flabbergasted. It s so sad.Deadline reports that CNN has released its response to the clip, read by Brian Stelter on today s Reliable Sources: It is a sad day when the President of the United States encourages violence against reporters. Clearly, Sarah Huckabee Sanders lied when she said the President had never done so. Instead of preparing for his overseas trip, his first meeting with Vladimir Putin, dealing with North Korea and working on his health care bill he is involved in juvenile behavior far below the dignity of his office. We will keep doing our jobs. He shuuld start doing his. I don t know. At this stage, I don t think it s possible for Trump to focus on the real problems America is facing, let alone fix them with the people in mind. Everything is about him   even this presidency. And what do people expect? There s a celebrity in office, not a proper political figure. Though rather than behave like most celebrities and ignore what they may not like written about them, he lashes out.Trump is, unfortunately, the representative of America for the world. He can t, and shouldn t, behave like this when the entire world is watching him. He shouldn t behave like this even if the world wasn t watching. It s one big mess after another with America becoming a mockery to the world.Featured image via Jaap Arriens/NurPhoto via Getty Images",0
947, White House Officials: Trump’s Call For Violence Against Reporters ‘Was Funny’,"Sunday morning, presumably just before church, amateur president Donald Trump posted a video containing violent imagery toward CNN, a network which he has viciously targeted lately. A network has been threatened today by the so-called president of the United States whose vicious followers would carry out any threat at a moment s notice. The former reality show star is going to get someone killed but White House staffers defended Trump over the violent video showing him beating the snot out of a CNN reporter.It was just last Thursday that Deputy White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that  the president in no way, form, or fashion has ever promoted or encouraged violence. That s a straight up lie. Trump has proposed violence on numerous occasions during his awful campaign. It is a sad day when the President of the United States encourages violence against reporters,  CNN said in a statement.  Clearly, Sarah Huckabee Sanders lied when she said the President had never done so. CNN statement responding to the president: ""We will keep doing our jobs. He should start doing his."" pic.twitter.com/Gn1YRA2DRG  Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) July 2, 2017The Daily Beast spoke with three senior Trump administration officials on Sunday and as a surprise to no one ever, all them said that the tweet was  funny. I thought it was funny,  one White House official said.  Glad [Dan] Scavino and the president did that. Dan Scavino is Trump s White House director of social media, and his tweets have come under scrutiny, too. Most recently, he doubled down on the attack on MSNBC host Mika Brzezinski. The president fights back,  another senior Trump aide said.  It s rich that some of you people [in the media] can never take a joke. Pure Trump,  another official said.The Daily Beast reports:When asked if they were concerned that these kinds of messages Trump sends could encourage actual physical violence against journalists, all officials ignored the follow-up questions.Sanders and press secretary Sean Spicer did not immediately respond to The Daily Beast s requests for comment on Sunday. There s a lot of cable news shows that reach directly into hundreds of thousands of viewers, and they re really not always fair to the president,  Thomas Bossert, Trump s homeland security adviser, said on ABC s This Week.  So I m pretty proud of the president for developing a Twitter and a social media platform where he can talk directly to the American people. I think that no one would perceive that as a threat I hope they don t,  Bossert added.  But I do think that he s beaten up in a way on cable platforms that he has a right to respond to. As GOP strategist and CNN contributor Ana Navarro said, Trump is going to get someone in the media killed.Watch:.@ananavarro on Trump's CNN tweet: ""It is an incitement to violence. He is going to get someone killed in the media."" #ThisWeek pic.twitter.com/myhELRMu2x  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) July 2, 2017I saw this tweet to Navarro after Trump unleashed his violent message this morning. By the way, the tweet is still active.Former President Barack Obama never responded to negative media coverage with threats of violence, nor did he lash out at media figures in his Twitter timeline. It s now 2017 and we have a thin-skinned alleged president who needs a safe place from the media while he s in the midst of a scandal bigger than Watergate.Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images.",0
948, Mark Hamill Has The BEST Response To Trump’s Sexist Attack On Mika Brzezinski,"Donald Trump is going to lose his shit if he reads this.Throughout the week, Trump has been viciously attacking Morning Joe host Mika Brzezinski is a disgusting display of unpresidential behavior that should get him declared unfit to hold office.I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don t watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017 to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year s Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017Those tweets alone drew sharp condemnation nationwide from Democrats and Republicans alike. Trump s White House team pathetically attempted to defend him, but most Americans were sickened by his attacks.And then Trump attacked Brzezinski again yesterday.Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 1, 2017That tweet also received wide condemnation and Republicans are begging Trump to stop tweeting.But the best response to Trump s nasty tweets came from noted Jedi and voice of the Joker himself, Mark Hamill.UPDATE: Apparently it s #AttackLowRatedCableTVMorningShowHostsDay3(!) for those of you scoring at home. #UnpresidentedPresidentialPriorities https://t.co/H0TugDjHT6  Mark Hamill (@HamillHimself) July 1, 2017Their tax returns? https://t.co/WdRjrV88Oc  Mark Hamill (@HamillHimself) July 1, 2017Crazy and dumb as a rock  #POTUS  is not a bad person, but his low rated administration is dominated by his Russian bosses. Too Vlad! https://t.co/H0TugDjHT6  Mark Hamill (@HamillHimself) July 1, 2017Mark Hamill just humiliated Trump on Twitter and you can bet that Trump will whine about it if he hears about it.The next tweets Trump posts will be all about how Stars Wars is  failing  and how Hamill is a  bad  actor or something along those lines.Featured Image: Twitter",0
949," Trump Erupts During Speech To ‘Honor’ Veterans, What He Did Is Beyond Disrespectful (VIDEO)","On Saturday night, during a speech to honor veterans in Washington, Donald Trump once again perfectly demonstrated what a petulant child he is and how little he cares about the people who sacrificed their lives for this country.Trump was speaking at the  Celebrate Freedom Rally , where he should have been thanking and praising the veterans in attendance. Instead, he completely derailed and went off on one of his characteristically self-centered rants, proving that he is incapable of acting presidential and focusing on anything but himself for more than a few minutes.While some might hope that Trump chose to stop honoring veterans to make an important announcement, most Americans know that wasn t what happened. Instead, Trump stopped his speech to rant about the  fake media  and bragged about how he d won the election (conveniently leaving out the fact that he lost the popular vote by literally millions).No one understands how Trump went from commending veterans to talking about the media and his presidency, but here s his awful rant: We will not let them because the people know the truth. The fake media tried to stop us from going to the White House but I m president and they re not. The fact is the press has destroyed themselves because they went too far. Instead of being subtle and smart, they used a hatchet. And the people saw it right from the beginning. The dishonest media will never keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf our great American people. It will never happen. Their agenda is not your agenda. Considering that Trump had spent his entire Saturday attacking the press, from CNN to MSNBC, he clearly needed to get this out of his system   and it was in extremely poor taste to do it at this event. Trump s insensitivity, immaturity and self-centeredness continues to embarrass the country, and every American who supported Trump should be ashamed. This is not how our veterans should be treated!You can watch Trump come unhinged below:Featured image via Scott Olson / Getty Images",0
950, Twitter Is Working On The Biggest F*ck You To Trump And You’re Going To Love It (DETAILS),"Many Americans have been begging Donald Trump to delete his Twitter account for the sake of the country s reputation, and Twitter might have actually found a way to make him quit the social media platform for good!In an effort to combat  fake news , Twitter is developing a feature that will allow its users to flag tweets that contain false or harmful information   which pretty much describes every tweet that Trump posts. Twitter s Vice President of Policy, Colin Crowell, stated that Twitter is working hard to detect spammy behaviors We ve been doubling down on our efforts. This feature is currently in the prototype phase, and is being noted as Twitter s most aggressive attempt yet to maintain the integrity of the content that appears on its platform. According to the Washington Post, this feature would work as a small tab in a drop-down menu next to tweets. According to two anonymous sources, Twitter is still testing and researching this function carefully, as there are concerns that legitimate information could also be censored if this feature could be manipulated.This might not only kill Trump s tweets, but it will also have a major effect on his audience. Trump loves to brag about how big his following is on Twitter, yet third-party service Twitter Audit states that over half (59%) of Trump s audience is comprised of fake accounts or bots.While this feature is very much in the early phases and there is no guarantee that it will definitely be implemented, this is big news for Trump s presidency. And while the company hasn t said anything about targeting Trump with this initiative, one can only wonder as we recall the words of Twitter s co-founder, Evan Williams: It s a very bad thing, Twitter s role in that. If it s true that he wouldn t be president if it weren t for Twitter, then yeah, I m sorry. Featured image via Joe Raedle / Getty Images",0
951," Hannity Defends Trump With Psychotic Threat To Morning Joe, This Could Ruin Him (TWEET)","One of Donald Trump s biggest fans, Fox News host Sean Hannity, has just tried to come to his rescue after the POTUS was condemned for his disgusting attack on Morning Joe hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski.On Saturday, as Trump himself was having a meltdown on Twitter, Hannity decided to join the chaos by defending Trump and his petty, nasty attacks on the Morning Joe hosts. In a disgusting attempt to kiss Trump s *ss, Hannity made an insane threat to the MSNBC news couple, hinting that he had some incriminating dirt on the Morning Joe hosts.No one really knows what the hell  going  there'  actually means, but he s likely trying to channel Trump in his ominous threat   and if he s really trying to emulate Trump, we can bet that he s bluffing.Hannity has a history of going after Scarborough, having previously claimed that Scarborough has many skeletons  in his  closet (& office).  When Hannity had made those statements, he was referring to an incident in which a dead intern was found in Scarborough s district office during his time as a Congressman in 2001. While Scarborough had nothing to do with the intern s death, he resigned from his position due to the conspiracy theories surrounding the incident. Coincidentally, Trump also loves conspiracy theories.While we re not aware of what other nonsense Hannity might want to spread about Scarborough and Brzezinski, is certainly a shame that he s threatening the couple just because they re speaking out against Trump.Hannity s cryptic tweet proves that Fox News and its reporters will do anything to defend Trump, no matter how bad it makes them look. Just last month, Hannity said he would be willing to pay for therapy for the Morning Joe hosts because he felt they d become  unhinged.  Clearly, it s the other way around.Featured image is a screenshot",0
952, Trump Rages: My Tweets Attacking Mika Are ‘Modern Day Presidential’,"The Twitter-addicted  president  just explained all of his recent vile tweets, which by many have been deemed to be unpresidential. Not so, says amateur president Donald Trump. The current occupant of the White House just explained on Twitter that his  use of social media is not Presidential   it s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!  Well, now you know! Trump is not just a big whiny baby, he s a modern day whiny baby!The FAKE & FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media   but remember, I won .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 1, 2017 .the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews, and did. We will continue to WIN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 1, 2017He wrote this in Republican caps so it must be for reals.My use of social media is not Presidential   it s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 1, 2017Trump ended his Twitter-tantrum with this.I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 1, 2017We know this will shock you, but his latest tweet didn t go down well on the social site.EVERYONE thinks you should stop tweeting, even your WIFE!When asked what you should stop doing once President: pic.twitter.com/tUazKx62eO  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) July 1, 2017you have a lot to learn about social media, Don.  Nathan Bernard (@nathanTbernard) July 1, 2017I can't tell if he's drunk, has dementia, or what. He just pinned the Fraud News CNN tweet  Eoin Higgins (@EoinHiggins_) July 1, 2017Trump's priorities via tweetsPeace: 39Harassing Women: 1278Bette: 484Ruth: 314Megyn: 173Cher: 114Rosie: 73Kim: 56Liz: 43Mika: 21  kim (@kim) July 1, 2017You blocked me because I said your approval rating was lower than Miracle Whip. How is that presidential?  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) July 1, 2017The Coal President calling himself modern day presidential. OK!  Adam Best (@adamcbest) July 1, 2017You started that tweet off with the most honest 8 words of your presidency. Good work! Now repeat that over & over. YOU AREN'T PRESIDENTIAL  Josh S nchez (@jnsanchez) July 1, 2017Fixed for you, Donny! #MAGA pic.twitter.com/nJtzchGuqo  Josh S nchez (@jnsanchez) July 1, 2017Obama tweeted too & it wasn t an issue. Wanna know why??? Because he was PRESIDENTIAL.  PatriotsAgainstTrump (@williamlegate) July 1, 2017Trump was called out by Republicans and Democrats after his latest attack on a woman. This time, Trump insulted MSNC s Mika Brzezinski and even after he was condemned for it in a bipartisan manner, he continued to attack her.As it happens, a Fox News poll concludes that Seventy-one percent say that Trump s tweets are hurting his agenda. Just 17 percent see the tweets as helpful. Trump is losing his own base because of his f*cking Twitter account.A heroin epidemic is sweeping across the U.S., the world is in chaos as Trump tried to make nice with China, then sold $1.4 billion worth of arms with Taiwan, which of course, pissed off China. And now he s making war noises toward North Korea. Guess whose help Trump would need if a war broke out with N.K.? China s, that s who. But instead of addressing these problems   some of which he caused   the 71-year-old man-baby is tweeting insults to media figures.And now he s declaring that his mean-girl tweets are  modern day presidential  and that   somehow   will  Make America Great Again. It seems so long ago and yet it was only last year when we had an actual modern president, one who held the highest office in the land with dignity and respect.And just a few months later, we find ourselves suddenly in a  dimension of imagination. It is an area which we call the Twilight Zone. Twitter really needs to ban that old troll.Photo by Steve Pope/Getty Images.",0
953, New York Times Reporter Tells Of Horribly Degrading Insults Trump Hurled At Her In Sexist Rage,"Donald Trump has never tried to hide the fact that he is a misogynistic a**hole. Rosie O Donnell, Megyn Kelly, and any other woman who dares challenge Trump s right to  grab em by the pussy  becomes a target for his hate. Clearly, this man has a problem with women. But somehow, we put him in the White House anyway.This week, Trump attacked MSNBC s Mika Brzezinski, tweeting that he refused to let her hang out with him a few months ago because she was  bleeding badly from a facelift.  And we all know that Trump finds the idea of a woman bleeding out of her wherever  is just too gross for him to handle.Not surprisingly, it turns out that this kind of sexist degradation is a lifelong pattern for Trump. New York Times columnist Gail Collins remembers Trump attacking her in the most degrading way possible.I have to confess I ve overestimated Donald Trump.Back in the day, he sent me a copy of a column he objected to, with some notes suggesting I was a  dog and a liar  with  the face of a pig. I ve had many opportunities to make use of that story since Trump became a presidential candidate, so it s all fine for me. However, I have to admit that it did not occur to me he d keep doing that kind of stuff as president of the United States.This is not normal. A real man would never treat women the way Trump does, calling them  fat pigs  and  dogs  and talking about dating his own daughter. But this isn t even just any man. This is the President of the goddamn United States behaving this way. It is absolutely appalling that this man is supposed to be leading our country, yet this is how he speaks about women.Worse yet, is that this has never been some kind of deep, dark secret. This is who he his and he has flaunted it for decades. And he won the election anyway, at least he did in a kind sorta type of way, but I digress. What the hell have we become? How are we allowing this? Why are we acting like any of this is okay in any way at all?Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
954," Video Of Buzz Aldrin Dying Inside As Trump Goes On Rambling, Idiotic Speech About ‘Space’ Goes Viral","This week, Donald Trump joined a collection of scientists, engineers, and astronauts to sign an executive order renewing the National Space Council. It was not exactly a meeting of the minds.Trump had a prepared speech but at several points veered wildly off script, leaving the people standing around him   including renowned former astronaut and national hero Buzz Aldrin   to squirm, grimace, and cringe at the sheer stupidity of what was coming out of his mouth. Even worse, on the very same day Trump was holding the photo op, the last three members of the White House science office (all holdovers from the Obama administration) left the job. Trump hasn t bothered to staff the office with anyone else. Science is not exactly a priority of his.The awkward affair was caught by television cameras meant to record the event and Aldrin s pained expression quickly went viral.Buzz Aldrin thinking he would much rather live on the Moon right now pic.twitter.com/wXVfCgt6cT  Paul Szoldra (@PaulSzoldra) July 1, 2017At the time, Trump was rambling about  space    a concept he apparently did not fully understand. And security is going to be a very big factor with respect to space and space exploration.  At some point in the future, we re going to look back and say how did we do it without space? Those are words, sure, but what is he trying to say? Nobody in the room seemed to know.Making matters worse, near the end of the signing, Aldrin cracked a joke that went so far over Trump s head it could have landed on the moon. As Trump sat down to sign the order, Aldrin said  to infinity and beyond!  The reference to Toy Story s resident space ranger was missed on Trump who came out with this incredible word salad about the concept of  infinity. This is infinity here.  It could be infinity.  We don t really don t know.  But it could be.  It has to be something   but it could be infinity, right? Buzz Aldrin once decked a crackpot stalker who was harassing him by shouting that the moon landing had been faked. Now, he s forced to stand next to a man with just as many crackpot ideas and call him  Mr. President.  His face says it all.Featured image via Twitter",0
955, MSNBC Producer Reminds Idiot Trump That ‘Morning Joe’s’ Ratings Are Setting Record Highs (TWEET),"Donald Trump spent his week on Twitter blasting Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough, hosts of MSNBC s Morning Joe. Rather than focus on something important, like the fact that his party is trying to kick millions of people off of their health care and leave them to die, he would rather spout off about the host of a cable news show  bleeding badly from a facelift. I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don t watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017 to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year s Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017He continued his attack, tweeting about Morning Joe being  low-rated   fake news.  Refusing to let it drop, he attacked again on Saturday, writing that Scarborough is  crazy  and Brzezinski is as  dumb as a rock. Watched low rated @Morning_Joe for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 30, 2017Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 1, 2017But MSNBC producer Jesse Rodriguez decided to set the record straight and remind Trump that Morning Joes is currently experiencing record high ratings. Apparently, our tweeter-in-chief missed the memo that the show had MSNBC s highest rating ever in the time period in the key demographic last quarter.Just a reminder about the @Morning_Joe ratings https://t.co/N6GTH99siw  Jesse Rodriguez (@JesseRodriguez) July 1, 2017Thanks to our viewers:  Morning Joe  had MSNBC s highest rating ever in the time period in the key demographic last quarter. pic.twitter.com/HL2J1SciBv  Jesse Rodriguez (@JesseRodriguez) June 27, 2017Ironically, Trump s own ratings have been sinking lower by the day. Maybe instead of attacking women on Twitter because he thinks are mean to him on TV, he should focus on doing his job and maybe try to not embarrass himself, the office of the presidency, and our entire country on a daily basis. Just a thought.Featured image via Getty/Olivier Douliery",0
956, Donald Trump Gets WRECKED After Saturday Meltdown About ‘Dumb’ Mika Brzezinski (TWEETS),"On Saturday, Donald Trump truly became the President with his latest in a series of dumbass attacks against MSNBC host Mika Brzezinski.For days, The Donald has been hammering Brzezinski in a nonsensical act of revenge because she laughed at the fake TIME Magazine covers Trump hangs all over his golf courses. Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses,  Trump whined.  Too bad! Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 1, 2017On Thursday,  The Donald began his series of assaults against  low I.Q. Crazy Mika  whom he says he refused to meet with at the Mar-a-Lago because she was bleeding badly from a face-lift. After Trump s attack, Mika and her husband-to-be, Joe Scarborough, revealed that The Donald had threatened them with a negative story in the National Enquirer if they didn t stop saying mean things about him   something commonly recognized by even the world s most prolific idiots as blackmail.Trump confirmed this story in his Friday morning toilet tweets:Watched low rated @Morning_Joe for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 30, 2017Apparently, Mister 45 s latest outburst was yet another childish attack spurred by the morning show couple s  blackmail  revelation   and Americans are f*cking sick of it:Don t you have a country to run? Actually I take that back stick to tweeting. You ll do less damage w/ your petty internet tantrums.  John Kinnear (@askdadblog) July 1, 2017It s #saturdaymorning, do you know where your President is??? Yep   putting out another tweet storm.  Rob Szczerba (@RJSzczerba) July 1, 2017Hmm  you create fake TIME covers and hang them in your hotels and resorts   and then you go crazy when someone teases you about it? SAD!  Rob Szczerba (@RJSzczerba) July 1, 2017Have you thought about getting a grown-up to help you tweet? Or just giving it up? You re doing yourself terrible damage worldwide . pic.twitter.com/4lqShUJJ0E  Jack Schofield (@jackschofield) July 1, 2017If you defected to Russia, you wouldn t have to worry about the #TrumpRussia scandal, and Putin says they have the world s best prostitutes. pic.twitter.com/jIkljhmIf5  Jack Schofield (@jackschofield) July 1, 2017Are all of your horrible tweets supposed to be examples for Melania to use in her campaign on cyber-bullying?  Tommy Campbell (@MrTommyCampbell) July 1, 2017You are a disgrace to the office and this country.  Jamie Grayson (@TheBabyGuyNYC) July 1, 2017How s your wife s cyber bullying campaign going?  kara vallow (@teenagesleuth) July 1, 2017I ll put money on the fact that that  rock  has a higher IQ than you. Prove it? Of course not. Coward.  Angel Goulet (@AngelGoulet) July 1, 2017It s almost depressing to think that it could be three and a half more years before we have someone in the Oval Office who isn t a complete embarrassment to himself (or herself) and country.Featured image via Getty Images/screengrab",0
957, Trump Gets HUMILIATED After Whining About States Refusing To Give Voter Info To His ‘Voter Fraud’ Panel,"Donald Trump threw a temper tantrum on Saturday morning because states are refusing to cooperate with his bullshit  voter fraud  panel.As you may recall, Trump created the panel in response to losing the popular vote, which he insists he won because he claims nearly 3 million people voted  illegally. Even Republican secretaries of state know Trump is full of shit, but that s not stopping him from pursuing an investigation anyway.But so far, the panel has turned up nothing. That s because voter fraud is exceedingly rare in this country. In fact, the panel has so little to do that members are requesting that the panel take a look at Russian interference in the 2016 Election, the same Russian interference that helped Trump win.And as it turns out, states are not enthused about handing over voter information to a panel designed specifically to persecute people.In fact, 28 states are refusing to cooperate with the panel s request for the information.According to The Hill, a letter  signed by commission vice chairman and Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach (R), asked for names, addresses, birth dates and party affiliations of registered voters in each state. It also sought felony convictions, military statuses, the last four digits of Social Security numbers and voting records dating back to 2006. That s a hell of a lot of information that most voters would see as a violation of privacy if the information were to be released. It seriously sounds like such information would be used to target Democratic voters.The refusal to cooperate sent Trump into a hissy fit in which he actually had the gall to refer to the panel as  distinguished  and accused the 28 states of having something to hide. This coming from a man who is desperately trying to stop the Russia investigation and has repeatedly refused to release his tax returns.Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 1, 2017Twitter users were quick to humiliate Trump for this tweet.Trump thinks he could just add the word  distinguished  to a tweet and make it so. There is nothing distinguished about this panel. It s BS!  TheOmnipotentJake (@JakeVandyne) July 1, 2017No one wants to give up their personal information to an incompetent government.#NiceTryTrump  val broeksmit (@BikiniRobotArmy) July 1, 2017 Very distinguished  makes it sound like you are talking about a Nigerian prince selling viagra via email.  Dani Bostick (@danibostick) July 1, 2017#VeryDistinguished like a pathetic man on a gold plated toilet. Phone in hand.  Pepper (@JulieFromNC) July 1, 2017They are trying to keep your corrupt administration away from their voter data so you and Putin can t do even more harm.  Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) July 1, 2017Funny how quickly republicans forget about states  rights when they control the federal government.  Tony Webster (@webster) July 1, 2017You do know that many REPUBLICAN controlled states are refusing to turn over data right?  Jonathan Boucher (@jonbouch) July 1, 2017Trump s panel is nothing more than a joke designed to stroke his own ego. He lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes. He s a loser and he needs to get over it.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
958, Texas Supreme Court Just Proved They Do Not Support Marriage Equality,"Ever since the historic ruling that made same-sex marriage legal in all 50 states in June 2015, opponents cried that it s a war against them. But, is it really? It seems like it s a war against those in a same-sex marriage, even by those in the courthouse. Rather than live and let live, people enjoy making others miserable.What should be the defenders and upholders of justice have let same-sex spouses down in Texas when the Texas Supreme Court ruled that the Constitution does not clearly require states to extend spousal benefits to same-sex couples. This decision came Friday. The ruling was unanimous, making it clear that they do not believe in justice or marriage equality.The Texas Supreme Court interpreted the ruling of Obergefell v. Hodges narrowly, questioning whether it compels states to treat same-sex couples equally to opposite-sex couples in any context outside of marriage licensing. I guess we shouldn t expect anything better from Texas.Friday s ruling of Pidgeon v. Turner revolves around spousal benefits for government workers. Texas law prohibits same-sex couples from receiving such benefits. How that is even possible is beyond me.Slate reports that according to the court, Obergefell  did not address and resolve  the  specific issue  of state spousal benefits. Therefore, the state appeals court erred in ordering the trial court to resolve the case  consistent with Obergefell and De Leon.  Instead, the Texas Supreme Court insisted, the trial court must settle the issue itself keeping in mind that Obergefell  did not hold that states must provide the same publicly funded benefits to all married persons. I am flabbergasted. How can judges, meant to serve justice, deny justice? How can they interpret rulings and laws this way? They re bending the ruling to their will because on a personal level they probably don t like same-sex marriage.My heart goes out to all the same-sex spouses that are not receiving fair and equal spousal benefits.Featured image via Robert Daemmrich Photography Inc/Corbis/Getty Images",0
959, A Panicked Trump Ran Around The White House Asking Staffers What They Thought Of His Sexist Tweet,"This incredibly awkward story comes from New York Post reporter Gabby Morrongiello:A source tells me Trump ran around the West Wing yesterday asking staff what they thought of his tweet & admitting it wasn't presidential  Gabby Morrongiello (@gabriellahope_) June 30, 2017Per source, Trump walked up to staffers saying: ""I know it wasn't presidential, but what did you think?"" https://t.co/e7EcFVyUcV  Gabby Morrongiello (@gabriellahope_) June 30, 2017After firing off a deranged tweet falsely claiming MSNBC host Mika Brzezinski was bleeding from her face after a facelift, Trump apparently dimly recognized that he screwed up. According to a source speaking with Morrongiello, a panicking Trump marched around the West Wing asking people to reassure him about his tweets. Heaven knows what they said. It s hard to sugarcoat something like this. His tweets were widely condemned by both Republicans and Democrats who recognized that the attack was clearly sexist in nature and  beneath the dignity of the office. It seems likely that Trump s staff reassured him that he was right to say those things, even while privately conceding their boss is nuts. According to sources speaking with the Daily Beast, White House staff are on the verge of mental breakdowns over Trump s behavior, which they are unable to stop:Senior aides to the president have tried and failed for months to find new ways to distract the president from cable-news and social media and bring some level of control to his tweets. On Thursday they responded to the tweetstorm with a mix of resignation and gallows humor.Is Morrongiello s source legit? It seems probable. Trump has been known to crowdsource opinions about his job performance before. Early in his term, leaked audio captured Trump asking guests at Mar-a-Lago for advice on who should be in his cabinet.Trump often appears to want to include his friends in the decision-making process.Turning to a longtime club member that night, he said:  We were just talking about who we [are] going to pick for the FCC, who [are] we going to pick for this, who we gonna accept   boy, can you give me some recommendations? Trump has not apologized to Mika or the nation for his behavior yesterday. Instead, he sent out his best liars   Sarah Huckabee and Kellyanne Conway   to defend his use of personal attacks and lies to hurt his critics. They did so without blinking.At the White House press briefing, reporters asked Huckabee if Trump will apologize   she ignored the question. Meanwhile, Trump has continued his fight with Mika and her co-host Joe Scarborough in earnest.Featured image via Olivier Douliery   Pool/Getty Images",0
960," Here’s How Much Trump Is Paying Omarosa, Kellyanne Conway, And Sean Spicer To Lie For Him Each Day","The average American makes about $50,000 a year   and too many Americans scrape by on much less. So how much does Trump pay his staff? According to the public filing of payroll released by the White House, an absurd amount, apparently.Since taking office, Trump has staffed his White House with a number of unquestionably unqualified people   including former reality tv stars. His only job requirement is that they be loyal to him   and he measures that loyalty in how well they lie for him on television. The most opportunistic of his staff has risen to that challenge and he subsequently paid them handsomely for the job. Of Trump s staff, a few people stick out for the ridiculous amount of money they make for doing, essentially, nothing:Omarosa, who was hired by Trump because she appeared on  The Apprentice  with him, makes $179,700 per year. It s entirely unclear what she does exactly. Likewise with scandal-laden Seb Gorka, who gets paid $155,000 but legally can t do the job Trump hired him for because he s so shady that intelligence officials wouldn t give him security clearance. Instead, he hangs out at the White House and collects a paycheck.Kellyanne Conway and Sean Spicer both get paid the same $179,700 that Omarosa does, but that money covers not only their jobs and expenses but also their human dignity. Both Trump staffers are required to repeatedly and shamelessly lie and defend Trump no matter what indefensible thing he said or did. Spicer at least has the decency to look like the toll is killing him inside. Conway appears to actually enjoy the dishonesty, and one suspects she would probably do the job for free if she had to.Hilariously, former Fox News host K.T. MacFarlane gets paid the same amount that Trump s top staff does, including Reince Priebus. She has been sidelined since her friend Michael Flynn was booted from his job and his replacement, H.R. McMasters told Trump he wouldn t take the job unless she was removed. Now she putters around the White House under the vague title  Assistant to the President  doing who knows what. For that, she earns $179,700.The release of the White House payroll only goes to show just how cartoonish Trump s administration is. Filled with disgraced lobbyists, Fox News hosts, former reality tv stars, and a variety of other opportunistic liars, it s no wonder the White House barely functions and is plagued with in-fighting, backstabbing, and scandals. It turns out, if you hire a bunch of clowns, the West Wing can fit an awful lot of them inside. Each cashing a paycheck for more than many Americans make in three years of work.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
961, ‘Something’s Coming’: Eric Holder’s ‘Be Prepared’ Tweet To DOJ And FBI Sets The Internet On Fire,"Former Attorney General Eric Holder, who served under former President Barack Obama, unleashed a tweet at 3:00 a.m. to the Department of Justice and the FBI in which he warned officials to  be prepared. To the career men & women at DOJ/FBI: your actions and integrity will be unfairly questioned. Be prepared, be strong. Duty. Honor. Country,  he wrote.To the career men & women at DOJ/FBI: your actions and integrity will be unfairly questioned. Be prepared, be strong. Duty. Honor. Country.  Eric Holder (@EricHolder) June 30, 2017Just after former FBI Director James Comey was fired, Holder tweeted something similiar, writing,  To the career men and women at DOJ/FBI: you know what the job entails and how to do it. Be strong and unafraid. Duty. Honor. Country. To the career men and women at DOJ/FBI: you know what the job entails and how to do it. Be strong and unafraid. Duty. Honor. Country.  Eric Holder (@EricHolder) May 10, 2017Holder s Friday morning tweet raised eyebrows on Twitter, with many speculating that  something big  was about to happen.Something big is coming. A 3am tweet from Eric Holder? Yeah, something's coming.  Jack A Roe (@JackARoe12) June 30, 2017I don't think that's it. A storm is a brewin', treason is in the air, and it's gonna dump a holy incriminating load on Team Trump very soon  U.S.O.U.S. (@hyperauxetic) June 30, 2017Damn DW. wtf .  Dennis Herring (@dcherring) June 30, 2017??NOTE??the time stamp on fmr AG Holder's tweet: 3:17am!?Think something big is happening https://t.co/9rJ8ELUVZh  Dr. Dena Grayson (@DrDenaGrayson) June 30, 2017A storm is coming. pic.twitter.com/QLtmKYRYIW  Tina McD5 (@TinaMcDermott5) June 30, 2017Wow, what's about to happen? A 2AM Tweet from AG Holder.  Sara Tonin, RN (@shar76) June 30, 2017Holy shit! Sounds like you're saying buckle up it's going to get a lot bumpier.  diane (@dtheavenger) June 30, 2017 pic.twitter.com/Q3KreFrgr5  B b   g  (@hardhouz13) June 30, 2017Hmmm. Somethin's comin,' somethin' big ..  Sybill Trelawney (@SybilT2) June 30, 2017#dutyhonorcountry? pic.twitter.com/bt13IshQqp  heidi siegmund cuda (@foxycuda) June 30, 2017Holder isn t a frequent Twitter user so that makes his tweet seem peculiar. The Trump administration is plagued with scandals and alleged president Donald Trump seems to incriminate himself with his own tweets. The former reality show star s Twitter timeline is a goldmine for prosecutors and investigators. The amateur president launched a war on every U.S. Intelligence agency and that won t fare well for him. Trump s war against the free press is backfiring big time, too. Perhaps Trump should stop tweeting for a moment and read Holder s warning. Nah, Trump would just tweet about Holder s wife, saying she once had blood coming out of her whatever.We re not trying to go all Alex Jones on you but for a man who typically tweets about his objections to repealing Obamacare, this does seem a bit odd. Look out, Trump. You re about to lose this war. A former Attorney General doesn t just tweet out a  be prepared  message all willy nilly unless something is coming. The Trump administration fired Preet Bharara, Sally Yates and James Comey   and all three were investigating Donald Trump. That s rather suspicious, don t you think?As of now, Holder s tweet has been liked over 30,000 times and it s garnered 13,00o retweets. I suspect the Twitter-addicted alleged president has already taken notice.Featured image via Chris Graythen/Getty Images",0
962, Conway Declares It ‘Unpatriotic’ To Question Trump’s Mental Health After His Latest Meltdown (VIDEO),"Trump has been on a 48-hour freak out with the hosts of MSNBC s  Morning Joe  and his clear incoherence has everyone from mental health experts to average Americans once again concerned that the president is seriously mentally ill. The evidence that our president is indeed mentally unfit for office is circumstantial but persuasive   and Trump keeps digging the hole deeper.Most people would agree that a man who can t stop himself from fabricating a rumor of a bleeding facelift to publicly attack the host of a cable show he doesn t like is unfit for office. In normal times, that alone would be grounds for invoking the 25th Amendment s clause on the president s mental capacity. For Trump, that s only the tip of the iceberg, the latest in a seemingly unending string of incidents that should raise serious concerns.The White House seems to be painfully aware that the questions swirling around his stability are undermining the credibility of his role as president. Consequently, and for the first time in U.S. history, the White House has to run with the narrative that you cannot question the president s mental health. Trump is sane because they say he is sane and shut up about it.Just hours after Trump got into a public fight with the hosts of  Morning Joe  on Twitter while he watched the show live, Kellyanne Conway went on ABC s  Good Morning America  to say it was unpatriotic to ever question whether Trump has lost his mind. Even while he continues to provide evidence that he has had some sort of mental breakdown.After summarizing an (incomplete) list of the things Trump has been called online, Kellyanne said: It doesn t help the American people to have a president covered in this light. I m sorry. It s neither productive nor patriotic. The toxicity is over the top. In short, Kellyanne wants us to believe Trump is the victim in all of this. Meanwhile, he continues to play the part of the bully.Worth remembering: Trump s favorite network, Fox News, once aired Glenn Beck claiming Obama hated white people. Its star anchor, Sean Hannity, repeatedly accused Obama of being a pathological  narcissist.  And its resident mental health  expert,  repeatedly diagnosed both Barack and Michelle Obama with various pathologies, including once saying Michelle needed to lose weight. None of that irrational hatred or vitriol caused Obama to live-tweet a rant about Fox News hosts or personally smear them on social media.But then, Obama wasn t mentally ill, so why would he?Featured image via YouTube",0
963, Trump Just Got Caught Trying To Blackmail Morning Joe Hosts,"Blackmail is a crime. It s time to impeach Donald Trump.Despite a desperate effort by the White House to deny it, Trump derailed those efforts by posting on Twitter Friday morning.In response to a Washington Post story in which Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski claim that Trump tried to blackmail them in order to force them to apologize by promising to stop a National Enquirer tabloid story about the pair if they complied with his demands, Trump went on Twitter and confirmed the whole thing.Watched low rated @Morning_Joe for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 30, 2017The problem for Trump is that while he claims Scarborough called him and he s the one who said no, Scarborough has actual evidence to support his side of the story and he informed Trump of that on Twitter while calling him out for lying at the same time.Yet another lie. I have texts from your top aides and phone records. Also, those records show I haven t spoken with you in many months. https://t.co/TZWiElo6Gs  Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) June 30, 2017Why do you keep lying about things that are so easily disproven? What is wrong with you? https://t.co/aAoUj5HYZS  Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) June 30, 2017So Trump not only lied again, he literally tried to use blackmail against members of the media. It s all the more credible since the owner of the National Enquirer is David Pecker, a longtime friend of Trump s.If anyone should be apologizing to someone, it s Trump. What he said about Brzezinski on Thursday was totally deplorable and completely beneath the dignity of the office he holds.As you recall, Trump attacked the Morning Joe hosts for criticizing him earlier in the week by claiming that Mika was  bleeding badly from a face-lift  and that she is  crazy. I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don t watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017 to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year s Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017All Trump had to do is ignore their rightful criticisms. Instead, he lashed out because he has thin skin and a vulnerable ego and made things worse by trying to blackmail them. That s the very definition of abuse of power.This national circus has to be put to an end. Trump s crimes in office far exceed Richard Nixon s during Watergate. Trump should be sitting in prison, not in the Oval Office.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
964, California Single-Payer Health Care Bill Shelved And People Aren’t Happy,"To say people aren t happy is an understatement. People are extremely angry about state Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon shelving the single-payer healthcare bill in California.Huffington Post reports that Rendon has received death threats since making this decision.It is a shame that the bill got shelved as we all wanted to see how California would fare, but nobody should be threatening another life over it. We, as people, are meant to be better than that. Especially those of us with progressive outlooks.Rendon opted to pull the bill last week despite his support for a single-payer system. He called the plan  woefully incomplete.  He urged the state Senate to  fill the holes  and send the Assembly a  workable  bill next year. Even senators who voted for SB 562 noted there are potentially fatal flaws in the bill,  he said in a statement on Friday. These include its failure to address  many serious issues, such as financing, delivery of care, cost controls, or the realities of needed action by the Trump administration and voters  to make the bill  a genuine piece of legislation,  he said.That sounds fair, does it not? If we re going to do something progressive, we need to do it as correctly as possible, not half-baked. Rendon does not sound like he s against the plan.Yet, the death threats poured in. Supporters organized protests at Rendon s district office in Los Angeles County, as well as outside the state capitol in Sacramento. Some single-payer supporters held signs depicting the California state flag s grizzly bear stabbed in the back with a knife that reads  Rendon.  Social media got ugly, as always.I get it. We re all frustrated over the current healthcare situation in America. We all wanted to see how California would do with a single-payer system. It could pave the way for other states and do amazing things for everyone. But I think we should all step back and be rational about things. Rome wasn t built in a day.You have a right to be angry, but people need to stop sending death threats when things don t work out.Featured image via ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images",0
965, An Open Letter To Decent Republicans: It’s Time To Leave Donald Trump’s GOP (VIDEOS),"The nation is still reeling from the fact that the so-called  president,  Donald Trump, attacked Morning Joe co-host Mika Brzezinski in the most personal, vicious, misogynistic terms ever. However, we should not be surprised. We ve seen the scores of videos of him attacking a former Miss Universe over her weight, of his calling women pigs and dogs, of his making previous  blood  comments about former Fox host and current NBC host Megyn Kelly for asking tough questions about his misogynistic past in a GOP primary debate. We ve listened to Trump boasting of walking into the dressing rooms of teenage beauty pageant contestants. We all heard him brag of sexually assaulting women on the Access Hollywood tape. The  apology  for that damning audio only had Trump apologize in the asinine non-apology of  if anyone was offended,  with a pivot to Bill Clinton s behavior in the 1990 s, culminating in his gross parading of decades old Clinton accusers for debate cameras.Now that Trump is sitting in the Oval Office, Capitol Hill Republicans had no choice but to respond to his behavior. However, they knew what they were getting when they propped him up and got him elected. The #NeverTrump Republicans and assorted conservatives were shunned during the campaign for refusing to support a disgusting man who was so clearly unfit for office and unable to be president of all Americans due to his various bigotries, and for his obvious hatred of women in particular. Yet, they continued, due to the craven urge to put party before country and elect a Republican in order to get a conservative Supreme Court Justice   which materialized in the form of Neil Gorsuch   at the expense of the nation they claim to love. We all knew Trump s unfitness for the office he now holds and the damage he would do to the nation long before his  American Carnage  inauguration speech.However, there are Republicans calling Trump out on what he did to Mika Brzezinski. Almost universally, his comments were condemned. However, the GOP, with Trump as its standard-bearer, is defined by misogyny and all of his other bigoted opinions. He IS your party. That didn t stop GOP pundits who are not elected officials from criticizing him and the party harshly, though. Perhaps most prominently are CNN contributor and GOP strategist Ana Navarro and MSNBC s host of Deadline: White House Nicolle Wallace. Here are both of those proud Republican women s statements on Trump s latest antics. First, Nicolle Wallace, who sent some very good advice to the White House and Republicans everywhere that most likely will definitely not be taken:As a former WH comms director, my thoughts to the President s tweets: https://t.co/hhDNMWeAmL  Nicolle Wallace (@NicolleDWallace) June 29, 2017Now, Ana Navarro s stinging response on CNN with Wolf Blitzer and others, amid a montage of outraged responses: This dude has got such a fixation with women and blood. What is wrong with him?   This isn t normal.   No, it s not normal.  pic.twitter.com/m5cIL4YxKI  Leanne Naramore (@LeanneNaramore) June 29, 2017Here is her full Blitzer segment:MUST WATCH: @ananavarro neuters Trump on live TV https://t.co/51a5TOnqTW  Jason Morrell (@CNNJason) June 29, 2017Also, watch Ana Navarro unleash an attack on the silent GOP people who won t stand up to Trump:Holy Smoke! Watch Republican @ananavarro absolutely smash @realDonaldTrump and her Republican colleagues. pic.twitter.com/s7jUmRZm4k  WING MAN (@USA_WINGMAN) June 30, 2017The thing you need to realize is this, Ana, Nicolle, and other Republicans who cannot abide Trump: Your party as you knew it is gone. You always had an issue with racism, misogyny, homophobia, xenophobia, etc. That must be addressed, and it will continue until you do it. The thing the respectable members that are left of the GOP must recognize is this, though: with Donald Trump as your standard-bearer, those sentiments ARE the GOP. I know how much a part of one s identity a political party can be. I am a lifelong, dyed-in-the-wool Democrat. I d be HOWLING if anyone tried to force me to go Independent. However, if the Democrats ever came up with their own version of Donald Trump, I like to think I d run for the hills as fast as my fat little legs could carry me because my country will ALWAYS come before my party. I really hope you all have the stones to do the same in this instance.Remember, Republicans   history will judge you on who you associated with and how you handled the Trump era. You don t want to be on the wrong side of it.Featured image via BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images",0
966, Friday’s New York Daily News Cover Perfectly Illustrates What The Trump ‘Presidency’ Has Done To America,"Ever since Donald Trump took his ride down the escalator with his wife Melania, we ve all known he was not fit to be president. The nation watched in helpless horror as he coarsened our political discourse, encouraged violence at his rallies, attacked a Gold Star family, kicked off the whole campaign with anti-immigrant, white nationalist rhetoric that painted all Mexican immigrants as rapists and criminals, and much more. Then, with childish pet names and taunts, he decimated the traditional GOP candidates one by one and clinched the Republican nomination.As Trump carried the mantle of the GOP, the party brass desperately hoped that he would no longer be the crude, crass, racist, misogynist, xenophobic, disgusting man they had seen in the primary campaign. They hoped that he we would pivot, to no avail. Then, in a shocking political upset, Trump actually won the presidency via America s draconian Electoral College system, which was actually created to appease southern slave owners, and should have been dismantled long ago. Hillary Clinton won the popular vote by 3 million, yet she did not get to take the White House. The nation has suffered both at home and on the world stage for this.In Trump s latest outrage, just shy of six months into his presidency, Trump has again sunk to another low, and launched an incredibly misogynistic, disgusting attack on his one-time friend, Morning Joe co-host Mika Brzezinski. Trump, a lifelong New Yorker, has finally gotten his wish, but likely not in the way he imagined. One of his city s biggest papers, the New York Daily News, devoted a cover to him, to display what his so-called  presidency  has actually done to America and its citizens: He has humiliated us. In a dramatic cover, the Daily News tweeted Trump s effect, with a photo that said it all, an American Bald Eagle with its head bowed, with just the world  HUMILIATION  and a sub-header declaring that Trump has  set a new low.  Here is their profound tweet:How did we get here?A sneak peek at Friday's front page: https://t.co/zGR78o9N9L pic.twitter.com/qrzLJfhj2t  New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) June 29, 2017The New York Daily News is correct. No matter what Trump s ignorant, mouth-breathing base thinks, his very candidacy damaged America s standing on the world stage, and his so-called  presidency  has destroyed it. The damage Trump has done and continues to do will take a generation to repair. The fact that this man got anywhere near the presidency   and that s saying nothing of actually being elected   concerns and alarms our allies regarding the judgment of the citizens of this nation, and rightly so. They have every reason to worry.That bowed bald eagle says it all. Shame on us, America, for doing this to our great nation.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
967, Seth Meyers’ Reaction To Trump’s ‘Morning Joe’ Misogyny Is Something The Whole World Should See (VIDEO),"There have been many reactions to Donald Trump s Thursday morning Twitter meltdown that led to unbelievably misogynistic and disgusting attacks on one of the show s co-hosts, Mika Brzezinski. People from across the political spectrum have expressed outrage, frustration, and disgust, but perhaps the best reaction came from Seth Meyers, host NBC s Late Night.The first reaction came in a beginning monologue, in which Meyers recounted Trump s tweets for those who somehow missed them, and resulted in a new segment called,  I Can t.  That was literally Meyers  speechless reaction: He just couldn t deal with the bullshit coming from the so-called  president s  Twitter account. Watch that reaction below:Tonight, we introduce a new #LNSM segment responding to Trump s tweet this morning. pic.twitter.com/Diq8LK8Ypx  Late Night (@LateNightSeth) June 29, 2017Later in the segment, Meyers found his voice, and took on Trump s tweets head-on, and actually responded, doing what we re all doing, which is questioning Trump s mental health. During his nightly in-depth segment, A Closer Look, Meyers first talked about Trump s ignorance of his own GOP healthcare bill, and then turned back to the disgusting tweets. He referenced Trump s insistence that he told the Morning Joe hosts he was attacked  No!  when they supposedly wanted to go to his party on New Year s Eve, saying: Said no to what? Your fucking meds?! Watch the entire monologue below:That s the thing. Trump is mentally ill, and his currently our so-called  president,  and thinks he s leader of the Free World (though I think we all know that it s a toss up for that title now between Germany s Angela Merkel, Canada s Justin Trudeau, and France s Emmanuel Macron).It s time for the Republican Party and Americans at large to realize what many of us have been saying since Trump first announced he is running for president: That he is unfit for the office he holds, no matter how much his mouth-breathing, ignorant base and his White House mouthpieces defend him. He is a disgusting, bigoted misogynist who does the nation harm on an hourly basis.Cut the cord, GOP. For once in your miserable, craven lives, put your country before your party, and do something about this man and his nation-destroying, sorry excuse for an  administration. ",0
968, What Donald Trump Did On The Golf Course Is P*ssing Off His White Male Base (VIDEO),"We already know that Donald Trump hates exercising. In Italy, Trump rode in a golf cart, rather than walk 700 yards like the rest of the world leaders at the G-7 meeting. I guess it would make sense then that Trump s insists on burning as few calories as possible at his frequent golf outings, but what he did at his own Bedminster Club in New Jersey has even his rich white male base fuming. He drove his cart onto the green. I m not a golfer, and even I know this is never done.President Trump driving his golf cart all over the green is the most Trump thing ever(via MikeNFrank/Twitter) pic.twitter.com/UWuIcCIOnT  Sports Illustrated (@SInow) June 22, 2017People weren t having it:Bad etiquette. It s disrespectful to every paying member of that club. It doesn t matter if he owns the course.  Jerry Sardella (@SpecV63) June 22, 2017beyond bad ettiquette, played with my 72 yr old mother last wk & she almost died when a guy drove up near the fringe, like 10 ft frm green  John from Frederick (@BittnerJohn) June 22, 2017For as much time he spends on the course, he should know there are rules in the game of golf and driving on the green is a big no no.  Nick Walker (@Nicksplosion) June 22, 2017All the ones defending him driving on the green are assholes who would drive a cart on a green. Putting through tire tracks is no fun.  Daniel (@ahhdeeh) June 22, 2017As a golfer, I am appalled  LoyalOppositionKaren (@ybbkaren) June 22, 2017What an ass hat! In a 30-second video & he broke 2 rules of golf. BTW- this is a CLUB. The members own the course, not just him  Lisa Cutter (@CutPhD) June 22, 2017Trump strongly held the straight white middle America vote until he drove the golf cart on the green  Jack Wickham (@jawickham) June 22, 2017Of course, this is hardly the worst thing Trump has done, even today, but this may be the first time Trump s entitled jerk and bully attitude even hit home with his base   at least the part of his base that plays golf.Featured image via Ian MacNicol/Getty Images",0
969, The NRA Is ‘Proud’ That They Just Made A Viral Video Telling Supporters To Shoot Protesters,"The National Rifle Association, who has become nothing but the marketing arm of gun manufacturers, is panicking. Gun sales are down since the black guy left the White House. Now that they can t sell guns on the false fear that the President will take them away, they are  proud  to sell guns on the idea that cops aren t enough to take care of all the marauding liberals (a.k.a. The Resistance), so good ole  white NRA members (more on that in a moment) will have to take it into their own hands.Dana Loesch is a regular contributor on right-wing media circuits. She writes for Glenn Beck s  The Blaze,  and is often seen on Fox News. She s also an NRA spokesperson. In the dystopian video, which was first posted on the NRA s YouTube channel, but has since gone viral, Loesch uses visceral terms like  They (liberals) use their media to assassinate real news.  Then the images became violent, with the inference that anti-Trump protests are violent (very few are) and that cops are unable to handle the masses. The only way we stop this,  Loesch says,  the only way to save our country and our freedom is to fight this violence of lies with a clenched fist of truth.  Gee, I wonder what the NRA wants to put inside that clenched fist?Here s the video, which might not be appropriate for children or for unhinged adults, but then again unhinged adults are the NRA s biggest audience:Loesch defended the ad, actually, she doubled down on it by saying she was  proud  of the message.I want to make one thing perfectly clear, I am proud of this ad and I endorse personally the message of this ad. It s a fantastic ad and it holds up a mirror to the violent aspects of the left.The NRA and the violent right have become empowered, especially after an alleged Bernie Sanders supporter shot Rep. Steve Scalise at a Republican congressional baseball practice. Comedian Kathy Griffin and actor Johnny Depp haven t helped either. What we aren t seeing on the news, though, is that the election of Trump has ramped up right-wing violence far more than left-wing.In the days immediately following President Trump s election, hate crimes in the United States soared, reaching nearly 900 nationwide. Since then, the self-described  alt-right  movement and its cohort of fascists, racists and white supremacists of all stripes have only been emboldened by having Trump and white nationalist Steve Bannon in the White House.The level of violent hate crimes committed in recent months is staggering.Source: In These TimesNow, it s not as if the NRA wants everyone to be armed, or at least they aren t going to protect everyone s right to be armed. They ve been famously silent about the death of licensed African-American gun owner Philando Castile at the hands of cops.Featured image via video screen capture",0
970, GOP Operative Connected To Trump’s Ousted Top Adviser Tried Obtaining Russian-Hacked Clinton Emails,"An explosive report in the Wall Street Journal explicitly links the Russian-hacked Clinton campaign emails with Trump s campaign   and Michael Flynn s chances of ending up in prison just skyrocketed.According to the report, a GOP operative, Peter Smith, who had worked with Flynn s consulting group asked computer experts to help him get a hold of the cache of hacked emails the Russian government stole from Clinton s campaign. To open doors to getting what he wanted, he name-dropped Michael Flynn, who at that point was working on Trump s campaign. Smith died recently, but not before handing the Wall Street Journal a bedside confession of sorts.Talking Points Memo summarizes the insane details of the scheme:In one recruiting email reviewed by the newspaper, Smith said Flynn s son, Michael G. Flynn, was helping with the effort. In another, Jonathan Safron, a law student who worked for Smith, included Flynn s consulting firm, Flynn Intel Group, at the top of a list of websites of people working with the team. He said,  I m talking to Michael Flynn about this if you find anything, can you let me know?  Eric York, one computer security expert who said he searched hacker forums on Smith s behalf to try to dig up the emails, told the Journal.Here s where the other shoe drops, via WSJ:Those investigators have examined reports from intelligence agencies that describe Russian hackers discussing how to obtain emails from Mrs. Clinton s server and then transmit them to Mr. Flynn via an intermediary, according to U.S. officials with knowledge of the intelligence.It isn t clear who that intermediary might have been or whether Mr. Smith s operation was the one allegedly under discussion by the Russian hackers. The reports were compiled during the same period when Mr. Smith s group was operating, according to the officials.Trump actively encouraged Russian hackers to steal Clinton s documents during the campaign, but later claimed to not have anything to do with their release. Despite the denials, a mountain of circumstantial evidence and a number of questionable admissions from Trump s team have only stoked the flames that something was very wrong during the election. Much of his staff, including Vice President Mike Pence and Trump s own personal lawyer, have hired defense attorneys in preparation for the investigation into their involvement.This new information only further incriminates Flynn, who now goes from looking  pretty guilty  to  very guilty.  It also burns the last remaining bridges he may have had to save himself.Michael Flynn has toyed with taking a deal to turn on his former boss, but the FBI says it is not pursuing that relationship. There is a good possibility that, if these allegations bear fruit, Flynn winds up in jail for treason or something close to it.Now all eyes have turned to Trump himself, who seems consumed with protecting Flynn. By his own retelling, Trump fired then FBI Director, James Comey, because he wouldn t stop the Russia investigation. Comey has since testified that Trump specifically asked him to drop any investigation into Flynn (who has by now retroactively filed as a foreign agent working for Turkey s despotic regime).Spies, hackers, foreign agents, liars, thieves, and crooks   quite a group assembled by Trump, the man who only hires the best people.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
971, This Really Happened: Fox Interrupted Trump To Criticize Him And Praised Obama,"If today on Fox News was any indication at all, Donald Trump may have finally gone too far, even for some of his base, when he tweeted this Thursday morning about Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski:I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don t watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017 to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year s Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017While his spokespeople have been working overtime defending the indefensible and sexist tweets, even Fox News thought it was over the top and even Fox News is beginning to see how much better we had it under President Obama.Scarborough and Brzezinski s network, MSNBC, along with CNN, was airing live remarks by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin during a White House press briefing, but Fox uncharacteristically broke away to talk instead about the tweets with Republican National Committee chair Ronna Romney McDaniel:McDaniel defended the president, arguing that his tweets were a natural response to the constant criticism he receives from Brzezinski and co-host Joe Scarborough. Today, the president acted like a human, and he pushed back,  she said.Fox News anchor Julie Banderas wasn t buying the excuse. Listen,  she replied,  you don t need to stoop to the level, obviously. I don t care who you are. You don t stoop to the level of that. I mean that s like me scolding my 4-year-old for using a bad word and then me repeating it. That s just not how you run a country or you parent a 4-year-old. I mean I have to be honest, you know, if you see this negative commentary on a show, change the channel. Ignore it. I mean that s what I tell my kids: When somebody s mean to you, don t fight back. Just walk away. Source: Washington PostThat s not even the best part, Banderas, who s hardly a token liberal (just yesterday she blamed Democrats for the fact that Republicans can t pass Obamacare repeal), went on to compliment President Obama. People used to call President Obama stupid,  she said.  People used to call him a Muslim. People used to call him underqualified, a sellout to America, a hater of Israel. I mean they called him every name in the book, but you didn t see him lash out. No, you didn t. As Trump keeps embarrassing the Republican Party, you re going to see a lot more people distancing themselves.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
972, Snowflake Trump Makes His Staff Create A Daily Newsletter,"A couple of weeks ago, Donald Trump held his first cabinet meeting. They might have discussed policy or the goals of the floundering administration, but what the world saw was like something straight out of North Korea. Trump went around the room and each cabinet member heaped fawning praise on Dear Leader.It turns out that was far from an isolated incident. Trump s White House has a daily newsletter and its one and only purpose is to appease Dear Leader s fragile snowflake ego.There is already a White House newsletter called  1600 Daily  after the White House address of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. It s already an upbeat, full of pictures and general public relations (and yes, propaganda) stories, online newsletter that s available to the general public.West Wing Reads, though, is different. It wasn t written by staff. Instead, it s a compilation of stories from the web   mostly from right-wing sources such as Breitbart and Fox   that are flattering to Trump.On Thursday, for example, a Forbes contributor argued the Congressional Budget Office was wrong in calculating that 22 million people would lose health insurance under Trumpcare. According to them, no one would lose insurance.Reality check! An analysis by Forbes contributor Josh Archambault reveals surprising flaws in the CBO s score of the Senate healthcare bill, which concludes 22 million more Americans will be without health coverage by 2026. As Archambault points out, the CBO score is based on an old, inaccurate 2016 CBO estimate of how many Americans will purchase Obamacare. If you use their January 2017 update, Republican legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare would result in only 2 million fewer on the individual market by 2026, and would actually result in no losses and even some gains in enrollment in the years preceding, Archambault estimates. Click here to read more.On Tuesday, the newsletter even quoted CNN, who Trump normally calls  fake news,  because they had a positive write-up about his Supreme Court justice, Neil Gorsuch.And they like to say that President Obama was arrogant.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
973," Trump Meeting Privately With Putin, Asked Aides For Gifts To Give Him","It looks like Vladimir Putin is going to walk away with quite the goody bag after he leaves next week s G20 summit. According to The Guardian, Trump will be meeting privately with the Russian dictator and has asked White House aides to figure out everything he can possibly hand over to Putin.According to two  officials, national security council staff have been asked to propose  deliverables    and one idea floating around is to hand Putin control of two diplomatic compounds Obama took away because of that FAKE NEWS Russian attack on our country people in the Trump administration keep leaking stuff about.The Obama administration says the compounds, which housed 35 spies, were used for Kremlin intelligence gathering operations. It has not been stated what, if anything, Putin would be asked to give us in return.One of Trump s first acts in office was to loosen some of the sanctions imposed by the Obama administration in response to the attack on our election. Now, it appears that he will further undo them at G20. They have been asked for deliverables, but there is resistance to offering anything up without anything back in return,  said one official who seems worried that Trump will just give Russia something for nothing.Trump initially considered giving the compounds back in exchange for a new U.S. consulate in St. Petersberg, but that plan fell through after Russian officials met with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.Numerous members of Trump s administration   including The Donald himself for obstruction   are being investigated for their connections to the Kremlin.Just putting that out there, since Republicans don t seem to care.Featured image via Getty Images",0
974, WATCH: Kellyanne Conway Runs From Reporter Asking About Trump’s Vile Attack On Mika,"White House counselor Kellyanne Conway likes to call her critics  sexist  but she s always stood by amateur president Donald Trump s misogynistic attacks. In May, Conway said that CNN s Anderson Cooper was  sexist  because he rolled his eyes. Conway s boss unleashed an appalling personal attack on MSNBC s Mika Brzezinski Thursday that left even some Republicans speechless. Melania Trump has undergone numerous cosmetic surgeries, but her husband bashed  low IQ Crazy Mika  for  bleeding  after an alleged  facelift.  Then he went on to attack  Psycho Joe  Scarborough.While even House Speaker Paul Ryan said Trump s tweets this morning were not  appropriate,  Conway couldn t answer the question from a TMZ reporter.The video published by TMZ shows Conway turning herself into a pretzel trying to dodge the question as she headed as quickly as possible for the elevator. But halfway there she gave what she called a  bipartisan hug  to Rep. Debbie Dingell. That s right, she even hugged a Democrat to get out of answering the simple question about the former reality show star unleashing highly inappropriate mean-girl tweets this morning. Look,  Conway said,  a bipartisan hug. The elevator wasn t on the ground floor yet so Conway had to wait impatiently for it while she was still questioned about her boss s tweets, so naturally, she brought up the weather. It s a gorgeous day here,  she said.Back in May, Conway said,  I face sexism a lot of times when I show up for interviews like that,  of her interview with Anderson Cooper. And now it s a little more than a month later and she s strangely quiet after the alleged president launched a personal attack on Mika Brzezinski   simply because she s critical of the former reality show star. While Conway blasts the media over negative coverage, Trump is supposedly the  president  of the United States and Mika is the co-host of a cable show   only one of them is supposed to act presidential.Image via screen capture. ",0
975," Dem Rep. Calls Out GOP, Urges More Of Them To Rebuke Sexist Trump (TWEETS)","We all know that Donald Trump is a misogynistic sexual predator. That s the kind of public life he has led, and it is the kind of so-called  presidential  campaign he ran. However, now that he is sitting in the Oval Office and representing America as our Head of State, his words matter. Therefore, his disgusting, sexist attacks on Morning Joe co-host Mika Brzezinski are all the more gravely disturbing. Thankfully, people are calling him out. However, that isn t enough. The entire GOP needs to rebuke Trump for what he is doing on Twitter, and one Democratic Congresswoman is pointing that out, Rep. Barbara Lee of California.Taking to Trump s favorite medium of communication, Twitter, Rep. Lee called on her GOP colleagues to stop excusing Trump s behavior and standing by him, for his words are having a terribly negative impact on the impressionable children of America. Rep. Lee tweeted:I want my GOP colleagues to explain to my 3 granddaughters why they think these viciously sexist comments are acceptable from our President. https://t.co/C0C4GJaYks  Rep. Barbara Lee (@RepBarbaraLee) June 29, 2017She went on to remind everyone that this isn t about Trump anymore. It is also about the Republican Party s crazy tolerance and even acceptance of open and overt misogyny.This isn t just about Trump. We already knew he has no respect for women. It s also about the GOP   which continues to defend & support him.  Rep. Barbara Lee (@RepBarbaraLee) June 29, 2017Then again, the GOP has long been an anti-woman party. It is there in their policies, in their refusal to vote for the protection of domestic violence victims or in favor of equal pay for women, and their constant and unending stream of assaults on women s reproductive healthcare. In a way, that makes Trump the perfect standard-bearer for their party.Besides all of that, the party is largely made up of old, craven, white men, who couldn t care less about the well-being of women. The radio silence from the GOP side is in no way surprising, considering all of this.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
976, Melania Pauses Anti-Bullying Initiative To Say Her Husband Is Allowed To Mock Women’s IQ And Looks,"Set off by a comment about his small hands on MSNBC s Morning Joe, Donald Trump lashed out at the female host Mika Brzezinksi with a vicious attack on her intelligence and appearance.I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017 to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017The people closest to Trump, his family, had a unique opportunity to intervene and tell him to shut up. Instead, Melania Trump s spokesperson rushed out with a short message endorsing her husband s words and blaming the victim. It was sickening.Statement from the First Lady's Communications Director @StephGrisham45 pic.twitter.com/N8Sz0bobL4  Yashar Ali (@yashar) June 29, 2017Encouraging people to hit back  10 times harder  when they are attacked is an odd choice for Melania to go with. After all, her big White House initiative was supposed to be  anti-bullying.  Shortly before the election, she even specifically said part of her vision was that people would stop harming people based on  looks or intelligence. Melania Trump on cyberbullying, 11/3/16: We need to stop hurting people  made to feel less in looks or intelligence pic.twitter.com/Si2JEtLtLK  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) June 29, 2017Her husband s attack on Mika checked both of those boxes   and she s apparently okay with it.The White House came out with a similar response as well. Trump is allowed to demean Mika because she s a liberal and criticized him. That was Trump s spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee s take: This is a president who fights fire with fire and certainly will not be allowed to be bullied by the liberal media and the liberal elites in the media, or Hollywood, or anywhere else. Meanwhile, experts have repeatedly warned that Donald Trump exhibits the  textbook  signs of a bully himself.Parry Aftab, a lawyer who leads the Internet safety group WiredSafety, said Mr. Trump s behavior was a textbook example of cyberbullying.In particular, she said his methods were characteristic of  mean-girl cyberbullying  because he enlists others to mimic his attacks. She said his conduct resembled the violent and abusive language her organization can often get removed from Facebook and Twitter.Indeed, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg had to personally intervene on Trump s behalf and ensure none of Trump s Facebook posts were deleted for violating hate speech rules during the election because his messages often crossed the line.Trump is a man consumed by a rage directed at his critics   and it burns most brightly at his female critics. Infamously, he made attacking Megyn Kelly the centerpiece of his campaign, including shots at her menstruation cycle. It is no surprise, then, that he s turned his rage towards Mika Brzezinksi.Sadly, it s also no surprise that Melania is choosing to stand by her sexist husband rather than with a fellow woman.Featured image via Twitter",0
977, Sarah Huckabee Sanders F*cking UNBELIEVABLY Awful Defense Of Trump’s Mika Tweets (VIDEO),"On Thursday, Donald Trump truly became the President. He bravely stood up to the FAKE NEWS media by tweeting about MSNBC s Mika Brzezinski having blood coming out of her wherever    wherever  in this case being her face.I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017 to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017While the LAMEEstream media is presenting this as a horrible incident of cyber-bullying, White House spokesidiot Sarah Huckabee Sanders says that Trump was just pushing back because the tortured little snowflake is being bullied by the liberal media. This is a president who fights fire with fire and certainly will not be allowed to be bullied by the liberal media,  Sanders told right-wing propaganda network Fox News. Look, I don t think that the president s ever been someone who gets attacked and doesn t push back. There have been an outrageous number of personal attacks, not just to him but to frankly everyone around him,  she added.These  attacks  include the publishing or dissemination of any facts that are inconvenient or damaging to Trump.That anyone associated with Trump would even consider defending this reprehensible attack on one of his critics speaks volumes about this administration.Watch it below:Featured image via screengrab",0
978," Trump’s Social Media Man Joins Boss’s Insane, Juvenile Attacks On ‘Morning Joe’ Hosts (TWEETS)","By now, the entire world is aware that Donald Trump spent his morning lashing out at Morning Joe hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski in a truly unhinged fashion   even by normal Trumpian standards. He let loose in a crazy, misogynistic rant that accused Brzezinski of begging to be invited to his New Year s Eve party, but essentially he said she was too ugly to be there   except in much worse terms. Now, it seems that Trump s social media man, Dan Scavino, is joining in the continued debasement of the White House with equally childish tweets. We will screenshot them here, in case he thinks better of these tweets and decides to delete them:Of course, this is all because Joe and Mika have the stones to do their jobs and call this abnormal, alarming presidency out for what it is: Dangerous, unhinged, and terrible for the nation. Of course, with Trump being as thin-skinned as he is, the biggest job of his staff is to make him feel good and to hit back at any and all criticism that might be thrown at the White House, and especially at Trump himself.These people have done irreversible damage to the office of the president, to America s standing in the world, and to the political climate and discourse in America. It will likely take us a generation to get back to where we were   if we ever do at all.It s time to really think hard about what four years of this will do to our nation. Hell, the damage he s already done is quite literally immeasurable.Featured image via Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images",0
979, Fox News Says ‘Health Insurance Doesn’t Matter Cause We’re All Going To Die Anyway’,"Figuring out the best way to deal with healthcare and health insurance is very delicate, complicated. We ve got hundreds of thousands of Americans to take care of.Or do we? We re all going to die anyway. At least, according to Fox News.Fox News has presented the best argument to the health insurance problem on Wednesday by revealing that we will all one day die so it doesn t matter. We can all pack up and go home   everything is solved. You know what the crazy thing is?  Lisa Kennedy Montgomery said to her fellow hosts, chuckling after each soundbite from the Democrats.  We re all gonna die. And they can t predict there, there s no way, unless they re absolutely psychic and have a party line to heaven, they don t know who is going to die, or when, or how many people! This revelation and chuckling came after airing statements from Democratic leaders Nancy Pelosi and Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, in which they warn that cutting health care access for at least 22 million people by 2026 a figure the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office released this week   could result in thousands of deaths across the nation.I guess when you get down to it, the genius of this argument is pretty funny. It s so simple!Newsweek points out that multiple studies over the course of decades have consistently reflected a decrease in deaths from treatable diseases when there is increased access to coverage. A New England Journal of Medicine report states  the largest decreases [in death rates] were for deaths from  health care amenable  conditions such as heart disease, infections and cancer, which are more plausibly affected by access to medical care. Beginning with the Institute of Medicine s 2002 report  Care Without Coverage,  some analyses have suggested that lack of insurance causes tens of thousands of deaths each year in the United States,  the journal wrote in its report,  Health Insurance Coverage and Health What the Recent Evidence Tells Us. Several quasi experimental studies using population-level data and longer follow-up offer more precise estimates of coverage s effect on mortality,  it continues.  One study compared three states implementing large Medicaid expansions in the early 2000s to neighboring states that didn t expand Medicaid, finding a significant 6 percent decrease in mortality over five years of follow-up. Source: NewsweekIn other words, the personalities on Fox News are completely lost. Do people genuinely watch Fox News? Do they really soak all this in? There s enough evidence to show that cutting medical coverage will seriously hurt thousands of people, yet Fox News is happy to laugh it off.Featured image via Robin Marchant/Getty Images",0
980, Trump Goes On Insane Rant About Female News Anchor Bleeding; Here’s Her Response (TWEETS),"It can easily be said that there is a madman who has been allowed to take residence in the White House. A man with the maturity level of an awkward prepubescent pre-teen. A man who has been handed everything his entire life yet still feels entitled to bash others if they so dare criticize him and the work he supposedly does.As you all probably remember the horrible Megyn Kelly remarks he made about her bleeding out of her  wherever,  Trump has now decided to bash yet another news anchor and call her out on her bleeding, and this time it s MSNBC s Mika Brzezinski.In an early morning rage, clearly not happy with what was said about him on Morning Joe, albeit he says he wasn t watching yet clearly was, Trump tweeted: I heard poorly rated [Morning Joe] speaks badly of me (don t watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year s Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no! I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017 to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017Keep in mind all of this is being preserved as part of the national presidential record. Proud to be an American, huh?This isn t only bullying behavior, but sue-worthy behavior and hopefully Mika goes after him hard with a hefty lawsuit. Pardon my language, but wow, what an asshole.This is not how a *president is supposed to behave. This is not how any person is supposed to behave. Wow. Just wow. This is a dark time for the nation.Trump is a child and a mean child at that. He doesn t belong anywhere near the Oval Office and hopefully, Congress realizes that sooner rather than later.However, all that aside. Mika is getting the last laugh because her response is absolutely perfect:pic.twitter.com/8YhzcCUwM1  Mika Brzezinski (@morningmika) June 29, 2017Ha! Well played.(*pending investigations into Russian meddling in the 2016 election)Featured image via Getty Images",0
981, Nikki Haley Gets Crucified On Twitter After Bragging About Shameful Act,"Donald Trump and the people in his administration have precious little to brag about nowadays, but you can t manage to convince them of this fact. The proof is in the pudding, so they say   or in this case, in the tweets.Nikki Haley, the former governor of South Carolina who Trump decided to promote to United Nations ambassador, took to Twitter on Wednesday to boast about something that is downright shameful: stripping half a billion dollars from the U.N. s peacekeeping budget. Just 5 months into our time here, we ve cut over half a billion $$$ from the UN peacekeeping budget & we re only getting started.  pic.twitter.com/LA7IKqupff  Nikki Haley (@nikkihaley) June 29, 2017Twitter was quick to let her know that this is nothing to brag about and that she probably should have kept her mouth shut.Yeah, who needs  peacekeeping,  anyway? Only liberal snowflakes care about preventing genocides and atrocities and human rights violations.  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) June 29, 2017I forget, which book has the part where Jesus says  ignore others who need help so you can give a tax break to the wealthy ?  Greg (@gwiss) June 29, 2017Blessed are the peacemakers, unless they cost @nikkihaley money in her quest to destroy the UN.  Anita Creamer (@AnitaCreamer) June 29, 2017And this is something to be PROUD about??  Alp Ozcelik (@alplicable) June 29, 2017What the HELL is wrong with u???  Willie Garson (@WillieGarson) June 29, 2017Who needs peace anyway?!  taylor nicholson (@taybytheway) June 29, 2017I have checked five times to see if this was a parody account.  Kibblesmith   (@kibblesmith) June 29, 2017Why is that something you d ever brag about?  David Pepper (@DavidPepper) June 29, 2017No wonder you were booed.JFC, have you no shame, woman? What values do you have? Certainly not liberty and justice for all.  Jessica ? (@NoFascistsPls) June 29, 2017To brag about cutting funding for PEACE KEEPING EFFORTS is horrific.You are truly unAmerican  Jessica ? (@NoFascistsPls) June 29, 2017I can t believe how many morally treasonous people there are in the trump administration. And people support this shit. It is a disgrace  Jessica ? (@NoFascistsPls) June 29, 2017Sweet. Let me know how the world instability and mass genocide translates to America s jobs, healthcare, and standing in the world. ?  Marcia Gaines (@gainesm) June 29, 2017?Peace, huh, good god What is it good for Absolutely nothing Say it again ?  Mark Zohar (@markzohar) June 29, 2017Today s sign of the apocalypse  Dylan? (@dylanparks) June 29, 2017Or: You thought we already hated peace? You ain t seen nothing yet.  Oreo (@OreoDCW) June 29, 2017.@nikkihaley Girl, I went to Vacation Bible School, and this statement would earn you one hot Jesus F.  Ana Gasteyer (@AnaGasteyer) June 29, 2017pic.twitter.com/IRerzI17fn  Meg Yarbrough (@meg_yarbrough) June 29, 2017Seriously, what kind of person thinks stripping funds from peacekeeping is a good thing? There is something very wrong anybody who can boast about something like this.Featured image via Twitter",0
982, Trump Hesitant To Negotiate With Schumer On Health Care Because He’s Not ‘A Serious Person’,"Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer has been pushing for Donald Trump to negotiate with him and his fellow Democrats on health care. On Wednesday, he renewed his calls for Trump to work with him  in an open, bipartisan way. I have a challenge for @POTUS. It s simple: let s move forward on #healthcare in an open, bipartisan way. pic.twitter.com/AhRHXGfiMM  Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) June 28, 2017But when Trump was asked about his willingness to work with Schumer, he said he just isn t sure the Senate minority leader is  serious  enough, adding that he  doesn t seem like a serious person. During a photo op at the White House with the Chicago Cubs, ABC News Jon Karl asked Trump if he d be  willing to negotiate with all of them. Trump s response was to slam Schumer, because, of course it was.I better find out if he s serious. He hasn t been serious. Obamacare is such a disaster, such a wreck, and he wants to try and save something that s really hurting a lot of people  He d have to be very, very serious. You know, he s done a lot of talking, bad talking, and he just doesn t seem like a serious person. Trump, who is a freaking reality show star, seriously has the nerve to sit there and say that Schumer  doesn t seem like a serious person?  The absurdity of this statement and the irony of who is saying it is enough to make your brain hurt. And as usual, it all goes right over Trump s head.You can watch Trump s latest attack on Sen. Schumer here:Featured image via Michael Reynolds-Pool/Getty Images",0
983, Time Magazine Tells Trump To Stop Displaying Fake Magazine Covers In His Golf Clubs (TWEETS),"No one should be surprised about this, but it was recently discovered that Donald Trump was displaying fake Time magazines featuring himself as the cover star in his golf clubs. These fake magazine covers, dated March 1, 2009, were discovered in at least four of his golf clubs, painting the picture of a very, very mentally ill man.In response to this cringeworthy news, Time magazine has asked the Trump Organization to remove the magazine covers   which are framed   from its golf clubs.UPDATE: @time has asked the @realdonaldtrump s businesses to remove the phony magazine covers from their walls. https://t.co/beJXOTrevb  David Fahrenthold (@Fahrenthold) June 27, 2017The fake cover s headline reads, Trump is hitting on all fronts  even TV!    which is exactly what you would expect from Trump. This is how the fake magazines covers are being displayed:Photo via screen captureRevealing that the real Time magazine for March 2009 had featured actress Kate Winslet, a spokesperson for Time magazine said of Trump s version: I can confirm that this is not a real TIME cover. As you can imagine, the internet erupted once Trump s weird ego-stroking tactic made its rounds. Even politicians, such as Democrat Gerald Edward Connolly, got in on mocking Trump. Connolly even came up with his own fake magazine cover:Wow, my first cover of Time. Asked my staff to frame this and hang it in all four of my offices. @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/Hx57ZJExR8 pic.twitter.com/y1HciTB5G1  Gerry Connolly (@GerryConnolly) June 27, 2017And many other Twitter users tore Trump to shreds with more fake covers, like these hilarious responses:Mine is totes real, tho pic.twitter.com/k1nIXkUxWj  LardOfDorkness (@LardFDorkness) June 27, 2017The real one has been found! pic.twitter.com/nG0OvVJTcx  Carol at the NC (@carol_NC66) June 28, 2017Clearly, Trump is going to regret that those fake covers ever saw the light of day. Trump has only been featured on Time magazine s cover once, and it was in 1989, way before he entered politics. Thanks to this fiasco, Trump can pretty much be sure that he will never appear in a favorable light on the cover again!Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
984," OOPS: Hypocrite Trump Accuses Amazon Of Not Paying Taxes, Except They Do","Donald Trump just posted a provable lie on Twitter that makes him look like a complete hypocrite.In retaliation against the Washington Post for correctly reporting that Trump is displaying fake Time magazine covers of himself at his golf resorts, Trump attacked the Post as  fake news  and took aim at Amazon, which owns the Post, seemingly threatening the Internet giant and accusing it of not paying their taxes.The #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 28, 2017Not only is there no such thing as  internet taxes,  Newsweek pointed out that if Trump is somehow referencing Amazon s legal battle to not pay state sales taxes he is spreading fake news because Amazon lost in court and has been paying sales taxes in the 45 states that have a sales tax ever since.The president may be referring to Amazon s years-long fight against paying state sales taxes. But Amazon lost that battle, and recently has been adding states where it does pay sales tax.Amazon now pays sales tax in all 45 states that have a sales tax. On April 1, Amazon began collecting sales taxes in Hawaii, Idaho, Maine and New Mexico, the last four holdouts. Alaska, Delaware, Montana, New Hampshire, and Oregon do not have a state sales tax.If Trump was, in fact, referring to sales tax in his tweet, the tweet is fake news.Trump s tweet also smacks of hypocrisy since he actually does not pay his taxes. Trump has refused to release his tax returns and the only tax return we have seen shows that Trump may not have had to pay federal income taxes for two decades after he wrote off a $900 million business loss.Furthermore, Trump is currently suing the town of Briarcliff Manor, New York in an effort to force the town to cut the property taxes on his $38 million Westchester golf course and resort. Trump currently pays just $500,000, but he is trying to pay only half that amount by devaluing the worth of his own property despite bragging that it was worth $50 million on his 2016 financial disclosure forms.Trump has been disputing the taxes in court for years even though the town already gave him a generous tax break in 2008. Childishly, Trump sends a check every year marked  Paid Under Protest. Donald Trump is a hypocrite who lies through his teeth. And by attacking Amazon and the Washington Post, he is attacking Jeff Bezos, who just so happens to be a member of Trump s own American Technology Council. That will probably change soon.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
985," Trump Crumbles In GOP Health Care Meeting, Doesn’t Even Know What Trumpcare Is (DETAILS)","Yesterday, after Senate Majority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) called for the vote on the GOP s health care bill to be delayed until after the July 4 recess, Donald Trump met with GOP senators in a closed-door meeting to discuss how the failing bill might be saved. There s just one major problem: Trump doesn t know what the f*ck he s talking about! In fact, he probably doesn t even know what is in the bill.The New York Times recapped the meeting, and hidden in the report was a certain gem from an anonymous senate staffer who was present in the meeting. The account from this staffer truly proves that Trump is running the country blind and has no idea what s going on. The staffer said: A senator who supports the bill left the meeting at the White House with a sense that the president did not have a grasp of some basic elements of the Senate plan   and seemed especially confused when a moderate Republican complained that opponents of the bill would cast it as a massive tax break for the wealthy. This senate staffer also said that Trump seemed oblivious to the fact that the health care bill had tax implications, because in the meeting the POTUS said he would handle tax reform at a later time. Considering that Trump doesn t read and is incapable of focusing his attention on anything besides tweets, it s highly possible that Trump hasn t even looked at this health care bill.To make matters even worse, Trump demonstrated a delusional sense of comfort when he declared the meeting a success on Twitter. Trump tweeted: I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, unlike OCare! This proves that Trump is absolutely insane, and his incompetency has become a major threat to the well-being of all Americans. He doesn t even know what s in his own legislation.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
986," No, The Democratic Base Is Not Ready To Get Rid Of Nancy Pelosi","While there was certainly a left-wing populist wave during the 2016 election that propelled Senator Bernie Sanders much further during the primary season than anyone could have imagined, it seems that this was not the big middle finger to the Democratic establishment that people thought. Despite four losses in special elections to replace members of Congress that went to work in Trump s cabinet from deep red districts, it seems that the Democratic base is not ready to give up on our current leader in the House of Representatives, Nancy Pelosi.This comes after a wave of Democratic members of Congress have floated the idea of getting rid of Pelosi in favor of fresh blood. Members of the House Democratic Caucus like Tim Ryan (D-OH) have been calling for Leader Pelosi s head after the loss of the Great Democratic Hope in Trump Country, Jon Ossoff of Georgia s 6th district. However, a new poll shows that fewer than three in ten Democratic voters want Pelosi going anywhere.The poll is recent   conducted between June 22 and June 24, polling 1,984 self-identified rank and file Democrats. This is smart, because we need a strong, experienced leader to resist the Trump agenda in Congress. Pelosi can fundraise and whip votes like no other. This is not the time to rip ourselves to shreds out of fear of every candidate we run being painted as a clone of Nancy Pelosi. Remember, they ll do that to any Democrat. Their best weapon is to have us infighting and tearing one another down.There really isn t a whole lot of daylight policy wise between the progressive populist wing and the supposed center left. In fact, while in the Senate together, Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton voted together more than 90% of the time. Further, by the time the platform for the 2016 Democratic Party was done, Bernie and Hillary were about 97% in lockstep.In short, Democrats, the 2016 election is over. Stop blaming one another, and especially stop going after Nancy Pelosi. We need her right now, and we need everyone to be on board, lest we wind up with eight years of a hard to reverse Trump/Pence/Ryan/McConnell agenda.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
987, Public Schools In Kentucky Can Now “Teach” The Bible,"The Republicans are at it again   this time by passing a bill that will allow public schools in Kentucky to teach the Bible.WDRB reports that the man responsible for this is Gov. Matt Bevin. It was publicly signed at the Capitol on Tuesday. The bill, which easily passed the House and Senate, gives local school boards the option of developing a Bible literacy class as part of their social studies curriculum. The course is also meant to be an elective and not required.The bill s sponsor said students need to understand the role the Bible played in American history. It really did set the foundation that our founding fathers used to develop documents like the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, the Bill of Rights,  said Rep. D.J. Johnson (R-Owensboro).  All of those came from principles from the Bible. Is actually examining the Bible truly necessary to look at American history? Will it even be an examination of the Bible? What about other religious texts? It smells more like a guise to teach the Bible as if it s Sunday School in public schools.I m not the only one that thinks so, either. The ACLU of Kentucky said it s concerned about how the law might be used in schools. A Bible literacy bill that, on its face, may not appear to be unconstitutional, could in fact become unconstitutional in its implementation,  said Advocacy Director Kate Miller.  We want to make sure that teachers can teach and make sure that they don t go in to preach,  Miller said.Miller told WDRB News the ACLU will monitor the law closely.Honestly, if religion is that important to you, stick your child in private school. If you think you can t, find a way. The idea that we would not want this to be an option for people in school, that would be crazy. I don t know why every state would not embrace this, why we as a nation would not embrace this,  Bevin told the crowd.Well, the answer should be obvious. Because public schools are not meant to be held to any one particular religion. Though people like to say this nation was founded on Christianity, it was actually founded on freedom of religion. People wanted to practice their beliefs freely without the beliefs of others shoved down their throats.Unfortunately, all we can do is watch, wait, and hope that this bill will be in the trash before long.Featured image via Cheriss May/NurPhoto via Getty Images",0
988, Sean Hannity Tries To Bash CNN Reporter But It Immediately Backfires,"For Trump supporters, the only way to fend off critics of the amateur president is to lash out at the free press. There is no one who shamelessly sucks up to the former reality show star more than Sean Hannity. CNN s Jim Acosta has been questioning the blackout of the media at the White House lately. Most press briefings are now off-camera. Hannity, who works for the fake news network Fox News, responded by calling CNN  fake news.  He then called Acosta  arrogant,   combative  and  whiny.  According to Hannity, Acosta is  looking for ways to damage the President  as if Trump needs any help. CNN s White House darling is really starting to become unhinged,  Hannity said..@seanhannity Rips 'Unhinged' Jim @Acosta: 'He's Looking for Ways to Damage the President'https://t.co/BRq528lL9H  Fox News (@FoxNews) June 28, 2017Acosta responded on Wednesday by mocking Sean Hannity s attacks on him, tweeting that the Fox News host  needs a hug. Alternate headline: @seanhannity needs a hug. #hannityunhugged,  Acosta tweeted.Alternate headline: @seanhannity needs a hug. #hannityunhugged https://t.co/84ZvxkEBiG  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) June 28, 2017Acosta s tweet went viral.Yeah Jim, if you can stop asking questions and do some real journalism by sitting in a studio and screaming all day. That would be great. ;)  Steve Mullis (@stevemullis) June 28, 2017Why is it that Sean Hannity can continuously come up with bogus stories and it's glossed over? CNN takes responsibility and it's a scandal?  Brendan Steakelum (@steakelum) June 28, 2017He doesn't deserve a hug, but a kick in the balls would be great?  CA Cramer (@CurtCramer1) June 28, 2017@seanhannity needs much more than a hug. Maybe start with a brain.  Greg Martin (@jgregorymartin) June 28, 2017That pathetic headline and tweet from the biased @FoxNews makes me love you even more Jim!!! Keep fighting the good fight!  Brian (@BrianSMcDonald) June 28, 2017Keep rocking Jim!!  Tanja (@bambula) June 28, 2017You're doing something right Jim if a loser like Hannity is talking about you!  William Smith (@WilliamCSmithbr) June 28, 2017Since ur his #1 topic today, it means ur doing ur job well! Keep prying and keep getting under their skin Jim. Make America Honest Again!  American (@RealAmericanets) June 28, 2017You're my hero, @Acosta. I love this era where journalists give no fucks and the stoicism of the past dies. Give em hell. #hannityunhugged  Dena P (@Holdensmama) June 28, 2017We all remember Mustard-gate. Barack Obama just took office and the big story at Fox News was that he used mustard on his hamburger. That was a story the network covered for nearly a week. Sean Hannity seemed to suggest that Obama is an elitist for using mustard.coming from a man who was unhinged when President O asked for Dijon mustard.  Gerry (@geminiLAca) June 28, 2017Sean Hannity peddled the Seth Rich story AFTER his own company retracted it. CNN fired its employees for their mess up.  Chris (@yeschrisyes) June 28, 2017Jim-keep up the great work Fox/Hannity/Trump are showing just how much you are getting to them with your dogged, dedicated reporting-thx!!  Kati Angelini (@ktmoorestown) June 28, 2017??? Jim, you're the best!  Jennifer Newell (@WriterJen) June 28, 2017Jim, You're the best! Keep at it!  DianeW (@BellaLuna468) June 28, 2017It s odd that Hannity supports WikiLeaks, an entity who supposedly believes in the transparency of governments, yet the idea of a transparent Trump administration rattles him to the core. The Russia probe is not being reported accurately on Fox News and the network has begun losing its key demographics. Breitbart.com has fallen from 45th place to 281st place in news site traffic ratings as the right-wing site ignores Trump s massive scandals. Hannity, a conspiracy theorist, is using CNN to bash the press. Three journalists resigned and an inaccurate story was retracted. Meanwhile, Sean Hannity pushed the baseless Seth Rich murder conspiracy theory. That prompted advertisers to flee from his show. So, it s kind of cute that Hannity calls other outlets  fake news. Photo by Jennifer S. Altman/Contour by Getty Images.",0
989, WATCH: Rand Paul Accidentally Admits We Need Nationalized Healthcare,"Republican Senator Rand Paul spoke with CNN s Erin Burnett on Tuesday and accidentally spilled the beans about the kind of healthcare American really needs. While explaining his position on the latest healthcare plan drummed up by the GOP, he talked himself into a corner by describing a system of healthcare that sounds a lot like single payer.Paul was exchanging healthcare views with Erin Burnett when she realized that he accidentally made the point for nationalized healthcare, so she pressed him hard using his own words against him. We should try to give them options,  he explained while making the case for individual markets. He used the example of a how a plumber could link up with additional plumbers and create one large group market that covers all cases, including things like pregnancy. You could get a way out of that individual conundrum and you could get group policies, and most of the group policies actually have things like pregnancy,  Paul continued.  If you work for General Motors, my guess is pregnancy is automatically in your insurance because you are a big group and you have the leverage to demand it. Burnett took the argument for a collective large group insurance and ran with it. So why not go for the biggest group of all and just have insurance for everybody?  She retorted. Well, socialism s not a good idea,  said Paul, using the Venezuelan health crisis as a model for socialism s failures.Burnet slammed back,  But you did make a great argument for nationalized healthcare. You said  the bigger the group the lower the cost,  so I m taking your argument to its logical conclusion. Paul then tried to take back what he said.  I was talking about voluntary groups, not the gulag. Too late, Paul. You brought up the real solution to the healthcare crisis without even realizing what you were saying. The cat is out of the bag.Watch the whole hilarious conversation via CNN here:Featured image via screen capture",0
990, Spicer Quickly Orders Press Briefing To Be OFF Camera After Trump’s Indefensible Morning Meltdown,"Watching the healthcare bill he staked his entire presidency on flame out in the Senate seems to have broken Trump s brain. Within 24 hours, he was on Twitter having a spittle-laden meltdown over the negative coverage he s been receiving. Two articles   one by the New York Times and the other by the Washington Post   seem to have pushed him over the edge.First, there was the New York Times, which found a number of Senate Republicans willing to call him a moron:Senate Republican leadership has made it known that it would much rather negotiate with Mr. Pence than a president whose candidacy many did not even take seriously during the 2016 primaries. And some of the White House s efforts have clearly been counterproductive.Then there was the Washington Post, which discovered that Trump had photoshopped a picture of himself onto the cover TIME magazine and hung it in his golf courses.The framed copy of Time magazine was hung up in at least five of President Trump s clubs, from South Florida to Scotland. Filling the entire cover was a photo of Donald Trump. Donald Trump: The  Apprentice  is a television smash!  the big headline said. Above the Time nameplate, there was another headline in all caps:  TRUMP IS HITTING ON ALL FRONTS . . . EVEN TV! But that wasn t true.The Time cover is a fake.There was no March 1, 2009, issue of Time magazine. And there was no issue at all in 2009 that had Trump on the cover.So Trump being Trump promptly lost his mind.The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 28, 2017The #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 28, 2017Trump s attack on the Washington Post was particularly insane, not just because he seemingly invented the term  guardian of Amazon,  but that he demanded Amazon pay a non-existent  internet tax    the price for Amazon s owner also owning the Washington Post. It s how a particularly nasty dictator in a particularly nasty banana republic might behave. Hate the message, go after the messenger and everyone the messenger associates with. It confirms much of what Trump s critics have been saying: Trump is at war with the free press.How will the administration defend Trump s meltdown? By hiding. Sean Spicer ran into the metaphorical bushes, quickly releasing a  revised  press briefing schedule that demanded no cameras be allowed to film.White House briefing today: Off camera with @PressSec pic.twitter.com/fyBLIUmdj5  Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) June 28, 2017When it comes down to it, even Sean Spicer seems to know that the president s actions and comments are indefensible. He s banking on the fact that if he isn t filmed, perhaps history will forget his humiliating role in this administration.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
991, Trump Throws Hissy Fit After New York Times Reports That He Doesn’t Know What’s In His Own Healthcare Bill,"Donald Trump woke up on Wednesday morning and lashed out at the media again.The temper tantrum was aimed at the New York Times because they talked to a Republican senator who attended a meeting at the White House Trump organized to discuss the healthcare bill.Earlier this week, the Congressional Budget Office reported that the Trumpcare bill will cause 22 million Americans to lose their insurance and that premiums would skyrocket by 74 percent on top of taking away many of the protections that the Affordable Care Act currently provides.Faced with heavy opposition to the Republican repeal effort, Trump invited Senate Republicans to the White House to discuss the matter. It did not go well. The meeting went off the rails because, the senators found, Trump doesn t know a damn thing about the bill.According to the New York Times,A senator who supports the bill left the meeting at the White House with a sense that the president did not have a grasp of some basic elements of the Senate plan   and seemed especially confused when a moderate Republican complained that opponents of the bill would cast it as a massive tax break for the wealthy.Again, the Times spoke to a person who was actually at the meeting.But Trump whined about the report anyway and complained that the Times did not call him to confirm the story, which we all know he would not have done because Trump thinks any news story about his incompetence is  fake news. The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don t even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 28, 2017Trump even laughably claimed that he know all about healthcare.Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well & want victory for U.S.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 28, 2017In reality, Trump has admitted that he doesn t know much about healthcare in America. Back in February, he told a meeting of governors that  Nobody knew health care could be so complicated. Apparently, Trump is the only person in this country who didn t know that healthcare is a complicated issue in America. One can t exactly  know the subject well  if one has no clue how complicated the subject is.Featured Image: Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
992, Republican Senator Just Had A Priest Thrown In Jail For Protesting Trumpcare (VIDEO),"Protests against Trumpcare are ramping up now that the Congressional Budget Office has released their assessment of the bill. And not surprisingly, Republican senators are sinking to all-time lows to avoid the angry constituents begging for the GOP not to take away their health care. Last week they were dragging people out of wheelchairs to haul them off to jail and this week they re throwing priests behind bars.Six protesters were arrested on Monday for protesting the repeal of Obamacare at Sen. Shelley Moore Capito s office in Charleston, WV, who has yet to decide how she will vote on the bill. One of the protestors who ended up in handcuffs was Rev. Jim Lewis. For the party that claims to be all about Christian values, it sure is ironic that they having a man of God arrested because he asked them not to kill the poor and sick. Just saying.The Washington Journal reports:So, for six hours, several dozen West Virginians stood outside the office calling for their Junior Senator to protect their healthcare, while six went into Capito s office and staged a sit-in. At 5:30 pm, protesters inside were told that the office was closing and they would be arrested if they did not leave.The videos below, livestreamed on Facebook, show the protesters calmly and peacefully explaining their cause and the disaster they were committed to avoiding. Police officers   seemingly with reluctance, if not sympathy   told them they would be charged with trespassing and taken to jail if they did not leave.Committed to the moral imperative that is stopping Trumpcare, the protesters made clear that if the choice was between jail or backing down, the decision was easy.Gary Zuckett, executive director of the West Virginia Citizen Action Group which helped organize the event along with West Virginia Citizen Action Group, Rise Up West Virginia and Kanawha Valley Democratic Socialists of America, said they were there to try to get through to Capito just how many of her constituents will be hurt if this bill becomes law. The idea is, we need to send a message to Sen. Capito that this is not an acceptable direction for our country to be going,  he said.  It s going to hurt West Virginia, it s going to hurt our economy, it s going to put a lot of the rural health clinics at risk, it may close some rural hospitals. It s definitely going to harm her constituents when they lose their health care coverage, especially with the Medicaid expansion. You can watch video of a GOP senator having a priest arrested here:Featured image via Charleston Gazette-Mail",0
993, Trump Is Fighting Disney Over ‘Hall of Presidents’ Attraction Robot Speech,"Team Trump has reportedly been involved in a heated battle with Walt Disney World over the speech given by the president s robotic likeness at Disney s The Hall of Presidents exhibit.A source told Vice that there has been a back-and-forth with Trump s aides and Disney. Trump s team has insisted that they will write the speech given by the president s robot at the attraction.The source explained to Vice, When Disney tried to get this process started earlier this year, Trump s people said,  We ll be writing the speech that the president s audio-animatronic figure will be saying.' For the last two decades, a robot of the current president gives a speech at the end of the attraction. In the past, Disney employees have worked together with presidential teams to write appropriate addresses. The source explained to Vice that: The Imagineers [the researchers and developers behind Disney s theme park attractions] tried to point out that they re typically involved with this process. That they directly collaborated with Clinton, Bush, and Obama s people when it came to figuring out what the president s audio-animatronic figure would say. Trump s people said,  No. We re writing this speech. You guys have no input on this.' Vice s source says that Disney is afraid of a park boycott of Trump decided to take his disagreement out to Twitter. They d particularly like to avoid him tweeting about this situation. It would most likely result in a call for conservatives to boycott Walt Disney World, which is the company s biggest fear. Disney has denied the report and insists they are working with the White House to schedule a recording session.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
994, Sally Yates: I Refused To Lie And Say Muslim Ban Wasn’t Based On Religion When We All Know It Is,"Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates was fired by Donald Trump when she refused to defend his travel ban, which we all know is nothing more than a Muslim ban. On Tuesday, she explained to attendees at the Aspen Ideas Festival in Colorado why it was that she couldn t bring herself to argue that this bill wasn t based on religion. I came ultimately to the conclusion that our defending this travel ban would require me to send lawyers of the Justice Department to court to say this ban had nothing to do with religion   (that) it was all based on national security, nothing to do with religion,  Yates told the audience. And I did not believe that to be a defense that was grounded in truth and I couldn t send Department of Justice lawyers in to defend something based on a defense that I did not believe was grounded in truth. The Trump administration did not consult the Justice Department while crafting the ban and Yates didn t even know about it until she got a call from her principal deputy who had read about it in the New York Times. That was on a Friday evening. She studied the bill as much as she could over the weekend and then convened a meeting with  lifetime civil department staffers, holdover employees from President Obama s time in office and newly-hired Trump staff.  Her question to them was simple: How would you defend Trump s travel ban? We went around the table with my asking them,  All right, tell me why you think this is lawful? How are we going to defend this?'  Yates said.  Without revealing our internal discussions here, at the end of that, I was not comfortable that it was, in fact, lawful or constitutional and kept the senior Trump appointee back to tell him I was very uncomfortable where we were. After speaking to several other people about the Muslim ban, Yates said she just couldn t defend it. So, Trump fired her like he fires anybody who doesn t kiss his a** and tell him that he can do no wrong. Nevertheless, she persisted.Watch Sally Yates explain why she couldn t say Trump s Muslim ban was anything other than just that, a Muslim ban, here:1/  That s how we found out about it at @TheJusticeDept:Read abt it on the internet.   @SallyQYates talks #TravelBan pic.twitter.com/xTHWJHHULQ  Josh Weinberger (@kitson) June 27, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",0
995, GOP Rep. Wants A $30k A Year Housing Allowance; Twitter RIPS Him A New One,"Not long ago, Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), said that poor people should have to choose between having an iPhone and healthcare. Never mind that an iPhone costs something like $600 while a poor person would be lucky to spend only $600 a month on health insurance, especially under the Republican plans.Now, while we are still recovering from sticker shock over the Congressional Budget Office scoring of the Senate bill, which will cost us a lot more and cause 22 million people to lose insurance, Chaffetz has the nerve to complain that his $173,000 annual salary just isn t enough. He thinks he and his fellow members of Congress need an extra $30,000, tax free, because housing is expensive and four times the average American salary is far too much of a sacrifice.Twitter, was having none of it:He doesn t even deserve it plus he s leaving so he gets nothing Chaffetz calls for $2,500 legislator housing stipend https://t.co/ychfxDdEcU  Jbaby56 (@jbaby56) June 27, 2017Maybe if @jasoninthehouse didn t buy the newest iPhone, he could afford to house his family. https://t.co/s0U56XkkB7  Matt Y (@yantastico) June 27, 2017Can t help but compare Chaffetz s call for $2500 legislator housing stipend to his remarks re: health care + iPhones https://t.co/fM9nMnxEVk pic.twitter.com/abbw6YYUxX  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) June 27, 2017Chaffetz has some nerve saying Congress deserves a housing stipend while everyone else in America pays 50% or more of their income on rent.  Jerry Bird (@BostonJerry) June 27, 2017Jason Chaffetz wants a housing  stipend  for Congress, because I guess it s only called  welfare  when you re black.https://t.co/MFfGvlyb2Y  Jack Moore (@JackPMoore) June 27, 2017Put aside how you feel about Chaffetz, I know really great leaders who didn t run for Congress because of housing $ https://t.co/FZeJK0uzYK  Yashar Ali (@yashar) June 27, 2017When we get a housing stipend, you do too, Chaffetz. And by we, I mean the whole of the people of the United States. https://t.co/n0dPhpnorW  LTrotsky 21stCentury (@LTrotsky21) June 27, 2017Just what people making $174K PLUS annually need must be to cover those higher premiums under #Deathcare https://t.co/XoG8DvEcty  RC deWinter (@RCdeWinter) June 27, 2017If we were not living in a post-Reagan time, a time when for the last 40 years, Americans have been told that we have to tighten our belts while we wait for the riches to finally trickle down upon us, this might not be as ridiculous a request. Personally, I like the idea of people who have the education and intelligence to be worth a lot of money representing us, but Chaffetz is not one of those people. Besides, it s been a very long time since Republicans actually worked for the people. Once they start doing that, perhaps we d be willing to give them a raise.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
996, Brace Yourself For 74 Percent Higher Health Care Premiums Under New Bill,"According to a new report, health insurance premiums will shoot up 74% for the Average American under the health care bill being served up by the Republican Senate. Older customers will be hit even harder with some paying twice as much for plans comparable to what they currently have.The nonpartisan group Kaiser Family Foundation analyzed the costs for individual market plans that cover 70% of medical costs   what most Obamacare plans cover   and factored in insurance prices and subsidies under the Republican bill.Mitch McConnel s health bill encourages customers to purchase plans with high deductibles, reduces subsidies for lower-income Americas, and allows insurers to charge older people more.These changes would result in plans varying dramatically due to age and income, with low-income and older persons suffering the most.People between 55 and 64 would see an increase of 115$ on average, which is more than double the Obama care prices. Low-income Americans who make less than $24,000 a year would receive an increase of 177$, versus only 57% for people that bring in more money.Younger and higher income Americans will see less sweeping changes in their insurance premiums.Customers who have the disadvantage of being bother older and low-income will see premiums go up 294%, an increase of almost fourfold.The Senior Vice President for Special Initiatives at Kaiser Family Foundation, Larry Levitt, weighed in on the drastic situation. Faced with premiums almost quadrupling, many of these low-income adults would tend to either go without coverage entirely because it s unaffordable or gravitate towards a plan with lower premiums and higher deductibles. The Congressional Budget Office even admits this bill is going to be disastrous for Americans. Their own analysis concluded that premiums will most likely be too high for low-income Americans to purchase coverage, causing millions more to be stranded without insurance than under the current health care law.Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
997, Grandma Will Have To Pay More Than $20k A Year For Insurance Under GOP Bill,"The Congressional Budget Office released their report on the Senate s version of the Republican  health care  bill on Monday, and it was not good news. According to their analysis, a whopping 22 million Americans will lose their insurance coverage if the bill becomes law. But that is not the extent of the cruelty in this legislation.The CBO report revealed that much like the House version, the Senate bill is especially callous when it comes to the lives of those who are sick, disabled, or elderly   you know, the people that need health care the most.If the bill were to pass, older Americans would see their premiums skyrocket. Under Obamacare, the average cost of insurance coverage for a 64-year-old with an income of $56,800 is $6,800 annually. But under the Senate bill, dubbed the Better Care Reconciliation Act, that same 64-year-old would see their premiums rise to $20,500 per year. That means 36 percent of grandma s income will be going to insurance premiums, which does not include the costs of co-pays, deductibles, etc.CBO analysis BCRA premiums, via TwitterThe big brag of this bill is that it will lower premiums for the young and middle-aged (a little bit), assuming they are healthy, of course. But here s the thing, no one stays young and healthy forever. Some might argue that the whole point of having health care is so you have the opportunity to get old in the first place.Unless you die a tragic death before your time (probably from gun violence if you are in the U.S., but I digress), you are going to get old. That much is a guarantee. It s an either-or thing, not a maybe. And the chances are pretty good that sooner or later, you are going to get sick. Which, once again, is the whole point of having health insurance to begin with. But under the GOP bill, getting sick means you now have one of those nifty pre-existing condition things.So no matter how you look at it, the only way to avoid paying sky-high premiums under the BCRA is to die. This bill may be a lot of things, but it sure as hell isn t  health care. Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
998, The Absolutely Cringeworthy Moment Trump Tried Flirting With An Irish Reporter (VIDEO),"Donald Trump was in a room full of Irish reporters while placing a call to their newly elected Irish leader Leo Varadkar when Irish reporter Caitriona Perry seems to have caught his eye. What followed was awkward for everybody in the room, especially the deeply confused reporter.Despite being married to his third wife and at that very moment awaiting a phone call with world leader, Trump decided it would be a good time to flirt with Perry. First, picking her out of the sea of reporters, he tells her to come closer. Then he asks what outlet she works for, and while she answers, he talks over her saying  we have beautiful Irish press.  When the moment descends into awkward silence, Trump tells her she has a  nice smile. Perry laughs uncomfortably. The rest of us cringe.On Twitter, Perry herself posted the video, describing it as a  bizarre moment. Video of the bizarre moment when President @realDonaldTrump called me over during his call with Taoiseach @campaignforLeo Varadkar. @rtenews pic.twitter.com/TMl2SFQaji  Caitriona Perry (@CaitrionaPerry) June 27, 2017Sadly, for Americans, the moment is painfully real. Trump, by his own admission, boasted that he likes exploiting his celebrity status to come on to women   even if they say no. Shortly before the election, over a dozen women came forward to describe times he inappropriately touched or harassed them.Trump has also been known to target reporters with sexual advances. During the election, People magazine reporter Natasha Stoynoff documented the time she says Trump assaulted her while his wife was in the house.Since the election, many of the people who voted for him despite the allegations justified doing so by saying his alleged victims were making it all up. But his continued behavior is troubling. To watch Trump come on to Perry so brazenly only seems to reinforce the idea that he has crossed the line with other women. The cameras were rolling, there was a room full of people, and this is how he behaves?Featured image via Twitter",0
999, A Fed Up Reporter Just Stood Up To Sarah Huckabee As She Was Smearing The Free Press (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s war on the free press just entered a dark new phase. After spending the election smearing reporters, sometimes personally, his administration has only gotten worse once in power. Trump continues to attack any media that dares criticize him, and his staff have begun cancelling press briefings and blocking recording devices in the White House. On Tuesday, Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee attended the first on-camera press briefing in over a week   only to begin a disgustingly, dishonest smear of the free press.People watching in horror as Trump and his team undermine the media s ability to have a check on their power have been begging reporters to stand up for themselves and their duties   and one finally did.In a powerful moment, Brian Karem of The Sentinel, couldn t take it anymore. Standing up, he cut Huckabee off and said what has been on everybody s mind: Come on! You re inflaming everybody, right here, right now with those words. This administration has done that as well.Why in the name of heavens is anyone of us replaceable, and if we don t get it right, the audience has the opportunity to turn the channel or not read us. [Meanwhile], you have been elected to serve four years at least, there s no option other than that. Huckabee tries to stop him, but Karem keeps going: We re here to ask you questions. You re here to provide the answers and what you just did is inflammatory to people* [note: *Trump supporters] all over the country who look at this and say  See once again, the president is right and everybody else is fake media.' MUST WATCH: White House reporter @BrianKarem pushing back against Sarah Huckabee Sanders and saying what many people have been thinking. pic.twitter.com/hW49e0tdWY  Yashar Ali (@yashar) June 27, 2017Karem isn t exaggerating. Trump has crafted his persona to be above criticism. To his followers, he can do no wrong. He has repeatedly reinforced this dangerous behavior by labeling reporters  fake news  and accusing them of lying. This has had the effect of cutting off a large portion of the country from getting any reliable information about what Trump is doing. Many of his fans only listen to him   or watch his talking heads on Fox News.Huckabee, with Trump s approval, has tried to stoke this fire, bashing the media whenever she gets the chance. She and Trump are noticeably silent about the obvious lies he has said repeatedly throughout his campaign and time in office. Karem followed up on his appearance at the White House with a tweet that summed it up nicely.So, when we are wrong we correct ourselves but when has POTUS ever done that? We are not FAKE news.  Brian J. Karem (@BrianKarem) June 27, 2017Trump has never apologized or admitted wrongdoing for a single lie he s said   and there s a lot of them. The New York Times has created an exhaustive list of Trump s verifiable lies and it spans pages and pages. The analysis included this insane detail:Trump achieved something remarkable: He said something untrue, in public, every day for the first 40 days of his presidency. The streak didn t end until March 1.So who pushes more  fake news  CNN or Trump?Featured image via Twitter",0
1000," Stunning New Poll Reveals Global Opinion Of Donald Trump, This Is Unprecedented (IMAGES)","Donald Trump is doing a horrendous job of raising his historically low approval rating in America, and it looks like he s not doing any better in trying to gain the approval and trust of the rest of the world.Thanks to a new survey by the Pew Research Center, we can now rest assured that the entire world hates Trump just as much as most Americans do. The Pew Research Center surveyed 37 countries, discovering that 74% of respondents stated that when it comes to international affairs, they have ZERO confidence that Trump will respond appropriately or do the right thing.This will be damaging enough to Trump s ego, but it gets even worse for him! Pew Research Center also reported that a similar survey was conducted on former President Barack Obama when he was POTUS, and it produced some VERY different results. That survey revealed that 64% of respondents had complete faith in Obama on international affairs.While the fact that most of the world hates Trump is kind of hysterical, what it has done to America s reputation is quite depressing. The study revealed that America s reputation has declined dramatically since the days of Obama. When respondents were asked how they felt about the U.S., only 49% were favorable since Trump got into the White House, which was a 15% decline from Obama s time   and it s only been a few months. The authors of the survey said: In the eyes of most people surveyed around the world, the White House s new occupant is arrogant, intolerant and even dangerous. Among the positive characteristics tested, his highest rating is for being a strong leader. Fewer believe he is charismatic, well-qualified or cares about ordinary people. Ironically, the only two countries who reported to have more confidence in Trump than Obama were Israel and, you guessed it Russia. In fact, Russia increased 42% thanks to Trump s presidency, which should certainly raise some suspicion.You can check out the findings below:Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
1001, Former GOP Rep Throws Support Behind Obamacare After Becoming Unemployed With Pre-Existing Condition,"This proves that Republicans never care about the struggles Americans face until they go through it themselves.Donald Trump is continuing to push Republicans to pass his Trumpcare bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act, which would strip healthcare from millions of Americans and end protections that help people with pre-existing conditions get access to affordable health insurance.Republicans have been whining about what is also known as Obamacare for a long time now. They even demonized the landmark healthcare law so much that they ran campaigns on it. That includes David Jolly, who ran an anti-Obamacare campaign in Florida back in 2014 for a House seat.Jolly has since lost his seat in Congress, but he is singing a much different tune about the Affordable Care Act now.You see, Jolly became unemployed after losing his re-election bid. And to top it all off, he has a pre-existing condition that would have made getting insurance much harder had it not been for the protections provided by Obamacare, the very same law that Jolly opposed.During an appearance on MSNBC on Monday night, Jolly revealed that he has a pre-existing condition and went to say that he now supports Obamacare and does not want it to be repealed because doing so would put millions of Americans at serious risk. On January 4th, I was a former member of Congress   unemployed with no health insurance,  Jolly explained.  And a pre-existing condition. And while I ultimately chose a private sector plan, I also knew in 2017 that Obamacare provided an exchange that was a safety net that wasn t there before,  Jolly continued.  If I had to rely on it, I knew it was there. Jolly went to say that the politics of Obamacare are different today than they were in 2013 when he ran for Congress out of anger towards Obamacare. But he now realizes that Obamacare provides protections and options for people who need a safety net.Here s the video via YouTube. Jolly s relevant remarks are at the 9:30 mark.22 million Americans would lose their healthcare coverage if Republicans pass Trump s healthcare bill. Republicans in Congress, meanwhile, get to keep their taxpayer-funded health insurance. That s not right.The Trumpcare bill is cruel. It destroys healthcare for the poor just so the wealthy can get a major tax cut. It should not only end the political careers of any Republican who votes for it, it should put them behind bars. People will die because of this bill. And when that happens, every Republican who voted for it should be charged with murder.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
