id,title,text,label
12455,"Realizing It’s a Small, Terrifying World After All - The New York Times","ORLANDO, Fla.  —   The corner of Kaley Street and South Orange Avenue offers a tableau of American déjà vu, a sprawl of Subways and   so common in communities across the continent. This one just happens to include a gay nightclub popular with Latinos called Pulse, where gaping holes in the   exterior now reflect the infliction of a national traumatic injury. It’s easy to see Orlando as a place apart, our sanctuary of fantasy and escape, where fun trumps work and mouse ears are an accepted fashion accessory. But when a deeply aggrieved, heavily armed man burst into this unremarkable nightclub planted beside a carwash, the ensuing mayhem did not seem to occur in some distant, disconnected place. Instead, it became a sobering   of so much that is contentious in American life. Guns. Gay rights. Islamic extremism. Immigration. Latinos. Guns. Playing out just 20 miles from where George Zimmerman shot Trayvon Martin, in a state slowly receding into the rising seas, it felt like Disney Dystopia  —   just in time for Election 2016. Orlando is more than our preferred family vacation destination. Orlando is these fractured United States. Orlando is us. Past tragedies tended to unify Americans, said Gary R. Mormino, a retired historian at the University of South Florida with a particular expertise in his state’s experience. Here in Florida  —   “where roots are as shallow as Australian pines,” he wrote in an email  —   some people will recall how, after Pearl Harbor, President Franklin D. Roosevelt’s calm but assertive radio talks bonded the country, elevating hopes. Many more will remember the feeling of shared grief as the television broadcaster Walter Cronkite wiped a tear while reporting the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. “But 2016 brings together the toxic elements of an election year, presidential candidates who polarize the electorate, voters who are afraid and angry, and a press eager to exploit the spectacle of division and disaster,” Mr. Mormino wrote. “Alas,” he added, “we live in a balkanized state and nation. ” On some level, there’s a chaotic,    quality to the calamity at Pulse. On the previous Friday night, a young singer named Christina Grimmie  —   famous for having appeared on “The Voice”  —   was shot dead by a stalker as she signed autographs. And on the following Tuesday, an alligator killed a toddler at a Disney resort. But when Omar Seddique Mateen, 29, a security guard with thwarted law enforcement ambitions, entered the nightclub with a handgun and a   rifle  —   both legally and swiftly purchased  —   he was not coming from some foreign land. He was a   American, born to Afghan Muslim parents in Queens and educated in the public schools of Florida. And the community he was about to devastate was not some foreign place  —   not some stereotypical city of rednecks, snowbirds and   hordes. It was Tomorrowland today, a booming and diverse city of 250, 000, in which the Hispanic share of the population has grown to 25 percent. “I don’t even know that I’d characterize it as a Southern city anymore,” said State Senator Darren M. Soto, a Democrat who was born to   and Puerto Rican parents in New Jersey. “It’s much more of a transplant, Hispanic kind of vibe in the city. ” “We’re an   town, but we’re the new America,” he said. “We have people from all backgrounds and walks of life. ” That diversity includes gay men like Eric Rollings, 47, the chairman of the Orange County Soil and Water Conservation District. He recalled moving to Orlando from Michigan in 1989 and finding a small,   L. G. B. T. community still reeling from the AIDS epidemic. At the city’s first gay pride parade, a   ago, he said, Ku Klux Klan members gathered at the corner of Magnolia and Pine to “greet” the marchers. Now, he said, the gay pride festival is a popular signature event in the city. And on the January day that   marriage became legal in Florida last year, he noted, Mayor Buddy Dyer of Orlando officiated the marriages of dozens of   couples on the steps of City Hall. Mr. Rollings recalled much of this while decompressing in a local restaurant called Santiago’s Bodega. He wore a   adorned with slogans of determination  —   #OneOrlando, #OneHeart, #OnePulse  —   and an expression that changed by the minute. Now grief, now exhaustion, now disbelief, now hope, now grief again. The nightmare unleashed by Mr. Mateen is a continuation of the shared nightmare we keep reliving  —   from Virginia Tech to Newtown to Aurora to Charleston. The names of the victims may change, but the Greek Chorus reaction is all too familiar. Shock and grief, candlelight vigils and calls for unity, vows for change and legislative paralysis,   and vitriol, and, in the end, nothing much different  —   other than, say, South Carolina’s vote to remove the Confederate flag from State House grounds after the Charleston shooting. It took a   filibuster by Senator Chris Murphy, a Democrat from Connecticut with searing memories of the slaughter of 26 schoolchildren and educators in Newtown, to get modest   measures to the Senate floor. Yet it had no more success Monday than similar proposals did after Newtown, with the Senate, largely along party lines, failing to advance measures  that called for an expansion of background checks for all gun sales and a delay in selling guns to suspected terrorists (consider that phrase, by the way). Add to that the profound displays of support for the grieving L. G. B. T. community here, offset by flashes of intolerance  —   a pastor in Sacramento lamenting that more hadn’t died  —   and statements by more than a few politicians that somehow managed not to mention that many of the victims were gay, or Latino, or both. Finally, the Pulse massacre provided more rhetorical fodder for Donald J. Trump. He suggested that President Obama was to blame. He trumpeted the positive aspects of racial profiling and reiterated his call for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States. Mr. Trump also said the massacre highlighted the need for more guns, not fewer, and imagined a scene in which some in the nightclub had been armed. “And this son of a bitch comes out and starts shooting, and one of the people in that room happened to have it, and goes boom, boom  —   you know what, that would have been a beautiful, beautiful sight, folks,” said Mr. Trump, the presumptive Republican candidate for the presidency. It was too much, all this death and grief and discord, as if the horrors unleashed at the club were just another excuse to display our grievances and divisions. So respite was sought at one of the many   theme parks: Epcot. The $121. 41 cost of admission was paid, as well as the $20 for parking. Then began a slog in   heat through this permanent world’s fair. Past the margarita stands of fake Mexico, the pastries of fake Norway, the orange chicken with rice of fake China, the bratwurst of fake Germany, the tiramisù of fake Italy. On to the   comfort of a colonial building featuring the “American Adventure” attraction. An a cappella group called the Voices of Liberty serenaded visitors with a song that gave a   to every American state. Then guests were directed to some closed white doors and instructed to remain on the blue carpeting and off the gold  —   at least until these doors opened to the auditorium. Soon, an animatronic Benjamin Franklin and Mark Twain were leading a   tour of American history, beginning with the Mayflower and ending with a montage of famous American faces and moments: Marilyn Monroe and Magic Johnson, Elvis Presley and Albert Einstein, Walt Disney and Sally Ride, the “I Have a Dream” speech of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and the image of firefighters raising the American flag at ground zero. The music swelled, a singer urged America to “spread your golden wings,” and the lights came on. With the show over, the audience was directed to exit to the left, past white doors and into the hot glare of what seemed like another country entirely.",0
12456,News: Doing Its Part: The NBA Is Housing Syrian Refugees On Whichever Half Of The Court Isn’t Being Played On,"Email 
Whether or not you’re a basketball fan, you’re going to love this story about a bold new humanitarian initiative from the NBA. In order to help alleviate the refugee crisis in Europe, the league is housing Syrian refugees on whichever half of the court isn’t being played on during the game. 
Now that’s making a difference. Way to go, NBA! 
Since the Syrian civil war began in 2011, millions of Syrians have been displaced. But thanks to the generosity of the NBA, some of them will now find a new home right around the three-point line on the half of the court that isn’t being played on at that time. While players occupy one half of the court, Syrian refugees will have a safe and welcoming space on the other half to reassemble their lives until the ball changes possession and they are shuttled to the opposite end. 
Wow. What a beautiful gesture from the NBA! With 29 courts across the country and 82 games in the 2016-2017 season, the league is set to provide housing that periodically oscillates from one half of the court to the other for several thousand Syrian refugees. This is huge. 
In contrast to Europe’s notoriously overcrowded refugee camps, the NBA’s half courts are big enough to comfortably house at least five families around the perimeter and one or two in the paint. The refugees also have access to any snack vendors who happen to be milling about the crowd near whichever half of the court they’re on at the time. 
Of course, it’s a new program, and it’s not perfect. There have been several incidents in which refugees have collided with players after failing to get to the other half of the court in time, and last night an 8-year-old Syrian girl had to be treated for minor injuries after LeBron James dunked on her during a fast break. 
Still, according to NBA commissioner Adam Silver, the program is a huge step up from the refugee camps abroad. 
“The Syrian refugee crisis is only getting worse. Meanwhile, we’ve got this half of the court that isn’t being played on just collecting dust waiting to be put to good use,” said Silver, adding that he felt the league had a moral responsibility to harbor the refugees. “If we can help these people by sheltering them on one side of the court until there’s a change in possession and then sheltering them on the other half as soon as there’s a change in possession and then sheltering them on the other half until there’s a change in possession, then we have an obligation to do that.” 
It’s refreshing to see a major organization like the NBA reaching out to a group of people who so desperately need our help right now. Faith in humanity restored!",0
12457,"Refugees, Lunar New Year, Malaysia: Your Morning Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning.  Here’s what you need to know: • President Trump’s immigration order barring refugees and citizens of seven countries from entering the United States unleashed chaos on the U. S. immigration system, prompting continuing protests and legal action, much of it by lawyers working   at airport arrival halls. A White House official appeared to reverse part of the order, saying that green card holders from the barred countries  —   Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen  —   would be allowed to enter “going forward. ” Here’s what we know and don’t know about the executive order. And here’s our full coverage of the Trump administration. _____ • Several European leaders rejected the refugee ban in blunt terms, and an array of Christian leaders denounced provisions that would favor Christian immigrants as discriminatory, misguided and inhumane. Even some top Republicans objected. Mr. Trump appeared to have more pleasant exchanges with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and Australia’s prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, who hoped for reassurance that the U. S. would honor the refugee resettlement deal struck with the Obama administration. _____ • Myanmar was shaken by a rare and brazen assassination. The country’s most prominent Muslim lawyer, U Ko Ni, was shot dead at the airport in Yangon, after returning with a government delegation from a trip to Indonesia. He appeared to have been shot while in his family car, while holding his grandchild. A suspect was arrested, but no motive was immediately evident. _____ • As Japan moves to accommodate Emperor Akihito’s wish to give up the throne, many Japanese believe it is also time to clear the way for a woman to reign. It has been nearly 250 years since Japan had an empress. “Like Queen Elizabeth in England, if Princess Aiko becomes the emperor, things may change in society,” a woman in Kanagawa Prefecture said. _____ • And Roger Federer, 35, became the oldest man to win a Grand Slam singles title in 45 years by defeating his longtime rival, Rafael Nadal, in an epic   final of the Australian Open. It was Federer’s record 18th tournament championship and his first since 2012. The victory came a day after Serena Williams, 35, defeated her sister Venus, 36, for her   23rd Grand Slam singles title, becoming the oldest female Australian Open winner in the current era. • Hong Kong’s monetary office says the city needs as many as 400 million more bank notes in circulation to handle Lunar New Year transactions and lai see distribution, which is valued at $1 billion. • Toshiba’s   from its   investment in a U. S. construction firm focused on nuclear power projects could rise to $4 billion to $7 billion, enough to put the    company’s future at risk. • Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • Three people were killed when a boat carrying 31 people capsized in Sabah, Malaysia.   people, mostly Chinese tourists, have been rescued. [Bernama] • The Philippine government’s free distribution of birth control has pitted President Rodrigo Duterte against the Catholic Church, and not for the first time. [The New York Times] • An American commando was killed in a raid on Qaeda militants in Yemen, the first counterterrorism operation approved by President Trump. [The New York Times] •  North Korea appears to have resumed operation of a reactor used to produce plutonium for its nuclear weapons program, the think tank 38 North said. [Reuters] • The Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, weighed in on a contentious issue, saying the U. S. Embassy “needs to be” in Jerusalem. “All embassies should come here,” he said. [The New York Times] • Thousands of Mongolians protested for the second time this winter to demand that the government address choking air pollution in the capital, Ulan Bator. [Associated Press] • Taliban militants are tapping new revenues sources beyond the opium trade, including collecting utility bills, as they take over increasingly large areas of Afghanistan. [The New York Times] • If you made a New Year’s resolution this year, there’s an 80 percent chance you’ve already given it up or you’re just about to. We want to help you stick with it  —   or revamp it into something you really want to achieve  —   so this month Smarter Living will offer tips, advice and motivation to help you. Every Monday in this space we’ll pose a new idea, offer advice for staying strong and ask you a question. Then every Thursday we’ll highlight a few of our favorite emails and offer a helping hand. To join in, email us at smarterliving@nytimes. com with the subject line “My resolution” and send us answers to the following three bullets. And, because this goes both ways, I’ll start us off: • Your name: I’m Tim Herrera, your Smarter Living Editor. • Your resolution and why you chose it (either the one you started with, or the one you really want to achieve): My resolution is to be better with money so I can save more and *gasp* maybe actually retire someday. • Two specific   within your resolution: In February, I’ll order delivery for dinner one fewer night per week, and I’ll stop buying one of my daily afternoon coffees (which I buy solely out of habit, but which cost me around $500 over the course of a year). • An audacious plan to respond to climate change by building a city of floating islands in the South Pacific is moving forward, with the government of French Polynesia agreeing to consider hosting the islands in a tropical lagoon. •  A song spreading fast online in China offers a bit of relief for those who dashed home for the new year only to face relentless personal questions from their families. • And we review “Behemoth,” a documentary from Zhao Liang that finds horror and surrealism in Inner Mongolia, where migrant iron and coal workers are shown as cogs in China’s economic progress. Bruce Lee, the first superstar of   films, appeared to Western audiences in only five movies and a handful of TV roles before his early death in 1973. But his influence has never really stopped growing, and his legacy can be found in some remarkable places. Take, for example, the video that Tom Brady, the N. F. L. quarterback, recently posted online to motivate his team for the playoffs. It features Lee’s mantra “Be water, my friend. ” Or the impact he had on 1970s reggae music, appearing on album covers, like Lee Perry’s “Kung Fu Meets the Dragon,” and inspiring countless songs and artists, such as Dillinger. David Henry Hwang, the   playwright, devoted an entire play to Lee’s life, and called him the first “  male hero. ” This week, the Museum of Modern Art in New York is screening all five of Lee’s films in a series called “Eternal Bruce Lee. ” He’s been honored in museums from Hong Kong to California, not to mention the Bruce Lee Action Museum in Seattle. Despite all the fanfare, Lee still has an aura of mystery. Did you know he was the 1958   champion of Hong Kong? _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes. com.",0
12458,Elon Musk Says Pending Tesla Updates Could Have Prevented Fatal Crash - The New York Times,"Tesla Motors is readying improvements to its Autopilot technology that might have prevented an accident in May that took the life of an Ohio man, Tesla’s chief executive said on Sunday. The man was killed when his Model S car driving in Autopilot crashed into a  . The improvements, to be released in the next week or two, include changes that require drivers to refrain from taking their hands off the steering wheel for long periods and more precise use of radar to recognize potential obstacles in the road. In a conference call with reporters, the head of Tesla, Elon Musk, said he believed the upgrades would have prevented the accident on May 7. “These things cannot be said with absolute certainty, but we believe it is very likely that, yes, it would have,” he said. The new version of Autopilot, with its improved radar, “would see a large metal object across the road” and be able to determine that the object is not an overpass or overhead road sign that poses no threat, he said. “Impact probability would be assessed as high and it would probably brake. ” One major change is that improved radar becomes Autopilot’s main system for scanning the road. Once the update is made, Autopilot will use images from cameras to supplement the radar system. The current system uses cameras as its primary source of images, and relies on radar to help confirm what the cameras see. Tesla has come under scrutiny since the crash, which took the life of Joshua Brown, 40, an entrepreneur. He was traveling at 74 miles an hour on a highway near Williston, Fla. and the car’s Autopilot system failed to recognize a white truck crossing its path against a bright sky. Data from the car showed that neither Mr. Brown nor the Autopilot system activated the brakes before impact. Tesla has previously suggested that the accident resulted from the driver’s failure to remain in control of the vehicle. Autopilot warns drivers to keep their hands on the steering wheel and their eyes on the road while the system is engaged. Mr. Musk added that Tesla had explained the coming improvements to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which is investigating the crash to determine if it resulted from any safety defect in Autopilot. “They appear pretty happy with these changes,” he said. “The reaction was quite positive, but I don’t really want to speak for them. ” Mr. Musk also suggested that the improvements could negate the possibility of the safety agency’s calling for a recall. “The word ‘recall’ does not make sense because this will be an    update,” Mr. Musk said, and owners will not be required to bring their cars to Tesla for the upgrade. The upgraded version of Autopilot, known as Version 8, will give drivers more frequent warnings to put their hands on the steering wheel at moderate and higher speeds. If a driver is warned three times within an hour to put his hands on the wheel, the Autosteer feature will not resume unless the driver stops the car, shuts off the engine and then restarts it. In    traffic, at speeds under 8 miles an hour, drivers can still keep their hands off the wheel almost indefinitely, Mr. Musk said. At speeds up to 45 miles an hour, they will be warned after a few minutes, and more frequently if the road turns or curves, or if there are other cars on the road ahead, he said. Other refinements enable the system’s radar to identify objects and obstacles more precisely, including by bouncing radar waves under a car in front of a Tesla vehicle, enabling Autopilot to detect obstacles that may not be visible to drivers. “I think it will be a dramatic improvement in the safety of vehicles,” Mr. Musk said. He added, however, that technology advances are unlikely to eliminate road accidents completely. “Perfect safety is really an impossible goal,” he said. “There won’t ever be zero fatalities. There won’t ever be zero injuries. ”",0
12459,Neal Katyal at 9th Circuit: If Trump Says ’Islam Is Peace’ He Can Have a Travel Ban - Breitbart,"Neal Katyal made oral arguments for maintaining the injunction against President Donald Trump’s executive order banning migrants from certain   countries Monday before the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. [“He could say, like President Bush did right after September 11th, ‘The face of Terror is not the true face of Islam, that’s not what Islam is about, Islam is Peace.’ Instead, we get ‘Islam hates us’,” Katyal told the bench, answering   Judge Richard Paez’s question on what, if anything, Trump could do to make the executive order acceptable.  Katyal, former President Barack Obama’s   acting Solicitor General, has taken on the representation of the plaintiffs who stopped the executive order’s implementation in March when a federal court in Hawaii ruled in their favor. The Justice Department has appealed the case to the Ninth Circuit, seeking to vacate that injunction. The most controversial element of   district court Judge Derrick Watson’s ruling was its justification of the injunction based not on the text or effect of the executive order, but on statements President Trump made during the 2016 campaign. According to that ruling, speaking about a “Muslim ban” and speaking negatively about the religion’s relationship with the West mean that the plaintiffs had a high enough likelihood of proving a violation of the First Amendment’s Establishment Clause to block the order. This is true even though the actual order does not take any action based on people being Muslim because, “[A] reasonable, objective observer —  enlightened by the specific historical context, contemporaneous public statements, and specific sequence of events leading to its issuance —  would conclude that the Executive Order was issued with a purpose to disfavor a particular religion[. ]” Katyal doubled down on this line of argument Monday, contending, as the district court had, that no reasonable objective observer could not see that the purpose of the order was to disfavor Muslims. As evidence, he rattled off an extensive list of amicus briefs submitted in favor of striking down Trump’s order. Mentioned were the usual bevy of     and liberal religious groups. “Even the Cato Institute,” Katyal finished, referring to the libertarian think tank with a long history of supporting weak immigration laws. The argumentation led naturally to the question of what, if anything, could be done to save such a facially neutral order. “Does that mean that the President is forever barred from issuing an executive order along these lines?” Judge Paez asked Katyal. “What does he have to do to issue an executive order that, in your view, might pass constitutional muster?” Trump might gain more power to issue executive order if he “disavows,” Katyal argued. “One example would be what Judge Hawkins said about disavowing formally the stuff before. ” “But that’s not it, he could do a lot of things,” Katyal continued. “I’m just going to throw out some examples, I’m not trying to micromanage the president. ” In addition to suggesting Trump could save his order by telling the country “Islam is peace,” Katyal also recommended removing references, in the text of the order, to the unsavory elements of Islamic society. “It could eliminate the text which refers to honor killings,” he told the court. Katyal, in his work at the Justice Department during the Obama administration, frequentally defended presidential power to govern by executive order. He appeared to recognize the unusual nature of this suit challenging a president’s authority on religious grounds. “Our fundamental point to you is that Presidents generally don’t run into establishment clause problems. This is a very unusual case in which you have these public statements by the President,” he said.",0
12461,McCain: Nunes ’Killed’ Bipartisan Russia Probe - Breitbart,"Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Sen. John McCain ( ) said House Intelligence Committee Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes ( )  “killed” any hope of a bipartisan cooperation on his committee’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.  Partial transcript as follows: RADDATZ: Sean Spicer said what Congressman Nunes, of the intelligence committee, did when he received the secret information the White House was both routine and proper. What he did, what he saw, who he met with is 100% proper. Do you think that is true? MCCAIN: It’s hard to respond. But the fact is that these committees, especially intelligence committees and armed services committees, we work closely together as Republicans and Democrats. We have to. It’s for the good of the security of the nation and the men and women who serve us. I’m happy to see the Senate intelligence committee, Senator Warner and Senator Burr working closely together. This is obviously a schism between Republicans and Democrats. Let alone the bizarre fashion in which all of this happened. If we are really going to get to the bottom of these things it has to be done in a bipartisan fashion. As far as I can tell, congressman Nunes killed that. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
12462,Shock and Gore: Mexican Matador Gets Bull’s Horn 11 Inches Up His Rear End - Breitbart,"Bull fighting fans in Mexico were shocked this week after a matador suffered the most grievous injury imaginable, when a bull gored him in the rear end. [Bull fighter Antonio Romero suffered the horrific injury when he fell to the ground face first leaving himself vulnerable to the horns of the raging bull roaring above him, the UK Sun reported.  Romero ended up with a full eleven inches of the bull’s horn piercing his rectum, reportedly causing “severe” injuries. The video of the terrible attack shows the matador initially performing his dance with the bull just as he is supposed to, but as he turns with his red cape called a muleta, the bull turns faster and from behind knocks the matador face first to the ground. And in a split second, as the matador lays vulnerable, the bull slams its horn into the prone tormentor. The bull pushes Romero several feet and only pulls back when the other matadors jump in to distract the beast. The video is shocking.  The matador was rushed to the hospital with horrific injuries to his rectum. Medical technician Felipe Sánchez told the media that, “It’s a serious and deep goring about 30 centimeters deep. At this moment we will operate it in the hospital, but it does bring major damage. ” Still, a surgeon later said Romero is “fine,” According to Univision. “The patient is fine, he has endured the surgery perfectly, a serious situation that endangers his life at a time because of the severity of the injury, but the damage is already controlled,” Doctor Juan Carlos Sanchez said. “The next 24 hours for tomorrow to begin the reconstruction of the anus. ” Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
12463,With Bridgegate Convictions Comes Calls To Impeach Chris Christie,"The verdict is in. Two of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie’s appointees, former Deputy Chief of Staff Bridget Kelly and former Christie-appointed Port Authority Deputy Executive Director Bill Baroni, have been convicted of all counts for their involvement in the illegal lane closures on the George Washington Bridge, popularly known as Bridgegate.
A third Christie appointee, David Wildstein, already plead guilty and was the government’s star witness in the case. 
Kelly, Baroni, and Wildstein testified in court that Governor Christie was aware of the scheme despite his claims. Even more members of Christie’s staff testified Christie lied to the press in a December 2013 press conference, when he claimed he learned about the scandal from news reports. They testified he was made aware by staff beforehand.
Given those convictions and admissions, the question now becomes what to do about Governor Christie, who still has more than two years left in his term.
An answer came earlier this month when New Jersey State Senator Loretta Weinberg, who served as co-chair of the New Jersey Legislative Select Committee on Investigation, called for Governor Christie to be impeached. 
That call was echoed today when Blue Jersey Editor Rosi Efthim and yours truly made the case for impeachment, citing the rules of the New Jersey Constitution and the public record of testimony and evidence gathered regarding the Bridgegate scandal.
Meanwhile, New Jersey Republican State Senator Jennifer Beck signed on to a bill that would lead to the appointment of a special prosecutor to further investigate Governor Christie’s involvement in Bridgegate. 
The process in New Jersey for impeachment mirrors the one under the US Constitution, where the lower chamber votes for impeachment and the Senate conducts a trial. A two-thirds vote is needed for impeachment to pass. Former President Bill Clinton famously was impeached by the House but survived the trial in the Senate.
Both chambers in New Jersey are controlled by Democrats but there are not enough Democratic Senators in the state senate to pass impeachment on a party line vote. Three Republican Senators would have to cross the aisle. If Senator Beck’s positioning is an indication, impeachment might have a real chance.
The post With Bridgegate Convictions Comes Calls To Impeach Chris Christie appeared first on Shadowproof .
",0
12464,"EgyptAir Was Aware of Threats to Security, Including One Scribbled on Plane - The New York Times","CAIRO  —   In an eerie coincidence, the EgyptAir jetliner that plunged into the Mediterranean on Thursday was once the target of political vandals who wrote in Arabic on its underside, “We will bring this plane down. ” Three EgyptAir security officials said the threatening graffiti, which appeared about two years ago, had been the work of aviation workers at Cairo Airport. Playing on the phonetic similarity between the last two letters in the plane’s registration,   and the surname of Egypt’s president, Abdel Fattah   some workers also wrote “traitor” and “murderer. ” The officials, who were interviewed separately and who spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe the airline’s security procedures because they were not authorized to speak publicly, said the graffiti had been linked to the domestic Egyptian political situation at the time rather than to a militant threat. Similar graffiti against Mr. Sisi, a former general, was scrawled across Cairo after the military ousted the elected president, Mohamed Morsi, in 2013. Since then, the airline has put into effect a variety of new security measures in response to Egypt’s political turmoil, jihadist violence and other aviation disasters like the crash of a Russian plane that killed 224 people in October. EgyptAir has fired employees for their political leanings, stepped up crew searches and added extra unarmed   security guards. Three such guards died in Thursday’s crash of Flight 804. Whether those moves were sufficient remained an open question on Saturday as experts pored over data emitted by the plane in its final minutes for clues as to what had brought it down. The French air accident investigation authority confirmed that the data showed that several smoke alarms had been activated while the plane plunged toward the sea. But they cautioned that the signals, sent by a monitoring system on board the Airbus A320 jetliner, did not offer enough information to conclude what had caused the crash. “These are not messages that enable us to interpret anything,” said Sébastien Barthe, a spokesman for France’s Bureau of Investigations and Analysis. “If there is smoke, it means that there is potentially a fire somewhere, but it doesn’t tell us where the fire is, and it doesn’t help us establish whether it is something malevolent or something technical. ” In an audio message released Saturday, Abu Muhammad   the official spokesman of the Islamic State and the head of a unit dedicated to external attacks, denounced the   military campaign against the group but did not mention the EgyptAir crash. EgyptAir’s security procedures last came under scrutiny in March when a passenger on a domestic flight pretended to be wearing an explosive vest and forced the plane to land in Cyprus. The crisis was resolved within hours when the man, later determined to be psychologically troubled, surrendered. The Egyptian authorities were quick to post surveillance videos that they said showed he had been searched before boarding the flight. Among the 66 people on Thursday’s flight from Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris were three EgyptAir   security personnel  —   one more than the normal team of two for reasons that were not entirely clear. EgyptAir security guards differ in several respects from the undercover air marshals who travel on American airlines. The Egyptian guards are unarmed and wear an understated uniform consisting of a dark blazer and a white shirt. When called on, they help crew members deal with unruly passengers. They come from a wide variety of backgrounds and earn a moderate wage of about $400 a month. Normally, one security officer sits in the first economy row, behind business class, and the other is at the rear of the aircraft, two members of an EgyptAir crew said. During stopovers at foreign airports, the security officers are usually responsible for searching the workers who clean the plane and checking the credentials of all crew members or employees who board. They do not monitor the baggage handlers who load the plane’s hold. Security officials said those procedures would have applied to the EgyptAir plane during short layovers it made at two African airports  —   in Tunis and the Eritrean capital, Asmara  —   in the days before the crash. But the procedure is different in Paris because European airports do not permit EgyptAir security officials to search local cleaning workers, a source of disgruntlement among Egyptian officials who feel they are being discriminated against. Colleagues described the security guards who died in Thursday’s crash  —   Walid Ouda, Mohammed Farag and Mahmoud el Sayed  —   as professionals who had exhibited no signs of unusual behavior. They described Mr. Farag as a lighthearted man who was often teased by friends for not having married, while Mr. Ouda cut a more taciturn figure and was polite to a fault. Friends and relatives also presented a uniformly untroubled picture of the pilot, Capt. Mohamed Shoukair, 36, and his   Mohamed Mamdouh Assem, 24. An EgyptAir pilot, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the news media, said he had worked with both and described them as professional aviators who had not exhibited any mental or social problems. At 24 years old, Mr. Assem was the average age of many   at the airline, he said. EgyptAir crew members have been subjected to much stricter security measures since the crash of the Russian jetliner in October, said the pilot, who described the procedures before that crash as lax. The new procedures include personal searches that have prevented crew members from smuggling cigarettes or currency, he said. The graffiti about Mr. Sisi occurred several times for about two years after Mr. Morsi, of the Muslim Brotherhood, was removed as president in July 2013. At the time, it was taken as a sign of the country’s bitter political divide rather than a directed threat against the plane. Nonetheless, over that period, EgyptAir fired a number of employees, mostly members of the ground staff, who were presumed to be sympathizers of the Muslim Brotherhood, security officials said. Similar purges took place in other companies in Egypt at the time. More recently, fears of terrorism have tightened security at regional airports, including Tunis, where the Airbus A320 had traveled just before its trip to Paris, the pilot said. Foreign flight crews face new restrictions on their movement and are now prevented, for example, from leaving the plane to buy items in the   shop, he said. EgyptAir flights headed to Europe also face added scrutiny under a European Union program known as SAFA, or Safety Assessment of Foreign Aircraft, which allows for spot inspections of airplanes at European airports and penalties for violations. Although Egyptian society has been divided in the turmoil that followed the ouster of President Hosni Mubarak in 2011, there has been a tangible sense of national solidarity since Thursday’s crash. Images of grieving relatives have dominated news coverage. As the official crash investigation starts, many Egyptians have reacted furiously to any suggestion that the airline crew bore any responsibility. Ezzat Shoukair, a cousin of the captain, said he was distressed by some of the coverage. “Don’t listen to the lies people have been saying since the crash,” he said, starting to weep as he spoke. “We just want to know where his body is. Otherwise, where will those who miss him go when they want to visit him?”",0
12465,Gov. Jerry Brown Endorses Hillary Clinton Ahead of California Primary - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   Gov. Jerry Brown of California has run three times for president. He is serving his fourth term as governor and stands as one of the most popular elected officials in the state. He has also kept a noticeably low profile as the Democratic presidential primary contest has moved to California, reflecting what aides described as the interest he had in both candidates. But that ended on Tuesday as the Democratic governor came off the sideline and endorsed Hillary Clinton as someone who has the “tenacity and skill to advance the Democratic agenda” and defeat the presumptive Republican candidate, Donald J. Trump. “Democrats have shown  —   by millions of votes  —   that they want her as their nominee,” he said in an open letter to Democrats and to independents, who are permitted to vote in the Democratic primary on June 7. Mr. Brown’s decision is the latest sign that California is shaping up as a climactic end to the Democratic nominating session. Mrs. Clinton and her opponent, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, have turned their attention to a state where Mrs. Clinton had once been confident of victory, and where one poll last week showed the two candidates essentially tied. On Tuesday, Mr. Sanders continued plowing through a heavy schedule of rallies in California, many in parts of the state where national candidates do not often go. Mrs. Clinton has scaled back plans to campaign in New Jersey to add additional events in the state, with a focus on Southern California, where she will be counting on minority voters to propel her. Nonetheless, she told MSNBC on Tuesday that she was “feeling very positive” about California. “We are competing everywhere, but I have been struck by some of the challenges California faces,” Mrs. Clinton said, criticizing Mr. Trump for denying the state’s drought. Mr. Sanders is spending about $1. 8 million on advertising in California, and Mrs. Clinton about $1 million, according to Kantar  . That is not a lot of money in a state like California, where a robust media campaign can easily cost $5 million to $10 million a week. Both candidates are concentrating their advertising campaigns, focusing on places like Fresno, Sacramento and Los Angeles. Mr. Sanders, after giving a speech on health care in Emeryville, across the bay from San Francisco, told reporters Tuesday that he was not surprised by Mr. Brown’s decision, noting that governors and other elected Democrats had repeatedly endorsed Mrs. Clinton, a former senator from New York and secretary of state. “I like Jerry Brown, but people can make their own choices,” Mr. Sanders said. “What we have had to do, and we have done pretty well in every state in this country, is taken on Democratic governors, taken on Democratic senators, taken on Democratic members of the House, Democratic mayors and all of their political apparatus. And yet we have won in 20 states, and I think we are going to win here in California. ” Mr. Brown, in his letter, offered strong praise for Mr. Sanders, noting the similarities between the Sanders campaign and the one Mr. Brown waged when he ran for president in 1992. “He has driven home the message that the top 1 percent has unfairly captured way too much of America’s wealth, leaving the majority of people far behind,” he wrote. “In 1992, I attempted a similar campaign. ” Still, the governor, who lost to Bill Clinton in a contest that left lingering bitterness between the two men, offered a powerful case against Mr. Trump in arguing that Mrs. Clinton had proved not only that she had abundant support among Democrats, but the ability to win in November. Mr. Brown met privately with Mrs. Clinton in San Francisco and Mr. Clinton in Sacramento last week. Mr. Trump, Mr. Brown noted in his letter, “has called climate change a ‘hoax’ and said he will tear up the Paris Climate Agreement. ” “He has promised to deport millions of immigrants and ominously suggested that other countries may need the nuclear bomb. He has also pledged to pack the Supreme Court with only those who please the extreme right,” Mr. Brown wrote. “The stakes couldn’t be higher,” he added. Even if she loses here, Mrs. Clinton will almost certainly have enough delegates to win the nomination. But a loss in the largest state  —   and in a Democratic stronghold  —   would not only provide a dark end to what has been at times an unhappy campaign, but might also empower Mr. Sanders to stay in the race, further delaying the point when Mrs. Clinton can turn her full attention to Mr. Trump. To win the nomination, Mr. Sanders would have to persuade hundreds of   superdelegates  —   party officials and leaders like Mr. Brown  —   to switch their allegiance in time for the July convention. Winning California, his aides say, can help him make that case. Tad Devine, a senior adviser to Mr. Sanders, said the senator would campaign heavily through Primary Day, going to parts of the state where he knows he can draw huge crowds and television coverage. “We think we have a very narrow path to get there,” Mr. Devine said of winning the nomination, “and California is the most important piece of that puzzle. ” A poll last week showed the two candidates essentially tied in the state. But many analysts say this is a difficult contest to poll, because there has been a huge   surge in registration and because it is challenging to project how many independents, who have favored Mr. Sanders, will actually participate.",0
12466,On Trump’s victory,"  Gilad Atzmon 
It occurred to me in recent years that the act of being progressive is not a political position but rather a mental state. 
The incapacity of the entire American progressive and left establishment to foresee Trump’s landslide victory suggests that we are dealing with people who are institutionally detached 
Just three days ahead of the presidential elections, the Huffington Post pathetically criticised star pollster Nate Silver of “Unskewing Polls in Trump’s direction,” for suggesting that a Trump victory was realistic. Ryan Grim wrote: “HuffPost Pollster is giving Clinton a 98 percent chance of winning, and The New York Times’ model at The Upshot puts her chances at 85 percent.” 
“There is one outlier, however, that is causing waves of panic among Democrats around the country and injecting Trump backers with the hope that their guy might pull this thing off after all. Nate Silver’s 538 model gives Donald Trump a heart-stopping 35% chance of winning as of this weekend.” 
The Huffington Post went as far as accusing Silver of “making a mockery of the very forecasting industry that he popularized.” 
In perspectives, Nate Silver and his 538 were obviously spot on. The Huffington Post and The New York Times were totally off the mark. Is it a coincidence? 
How is it possible that the Democratic Party, the mainstream media and Wall Street have managed to totally miss the level of anger that unites the American masses. These questions go far beyond polling strategy or the science of statistics. We are dealing with a state of being aloof on the verge of total detachment. 
Left and progressive thinking is shaped like a dream. It tells us what the world ought to be. Progressives often seem to forget what the world really is and what its people are really like. Hillary Clinton and her campaign, just like the New York Times and The Huffington Post, were in a state of denial. Boasting in righteous hubris, they failed to read the map. 
But this shouldn’t take us by a complete surprise. Detachment wasn’t invented by Clinton and her team. Detachment and alienation are ingrained in progressive thought. To be a progressive is to believe that some of the ‘other’ people are simply a bunch of unaware ‘reactionaries.’ Progressive thought is the secular manifestation of ‘chosenness.’ It is inherently Jewish, a fact that explains why Hillary Clinton’s top five donors were Jewish billionaires . 
Since being progressive is a form of supremacy. I would go as far as suggesting that progressives’ antagonism towards ‘white supremacy,’ is at large, a form of projection. The progressive attributes to ‘whiteness’ his own exceptionalist inclinations. 
Americans vs. Identitarians 
On election day, we learned that the Democratic Party was hanging on a thread, hoping to be saved by Florida’s ‘Hispanic vote.’ Clinton’s political future depended upon the hope that Trump had managed to upset enough Latinos. This peculiar development in which a national party is dependent on group politics shouldn’t take us by surprise anymore. 
The 2016 American presidential election divided America into two camps: The Americans on one side and the Identitarians on the other. The Americans are those who see themselves primarily as American patriots. They are driven by rootedness and heritage. For them, the promise to make ‘America great again’ confirms that Utopia is nostalgia and that the progressive reality is nothing short of dystopia. The Identitarians, on the other hand, are those who subscribe to progressive sectarian politics. They see themselves primarily as LGBTQ, Latino, Black, Jews, Women, and so on. Their bond with the American national or patriotic ethos is secondary and often non-existent. The future of the Democratic Party, in its current form, depends upon the hope that American subscriptions to sectarian ideologies will gradually increase and, as a result, will eventually strengthen the context of identity or group politics. The progressive agenda banks on the divestiture of the national and patriotic ethos. Needless to mention that half of America voted for Clinton. Hence, this political agenda is far from being farfetched or delusional. 
But the Identitarian agenda backfired. It was only a question of time before the so-called ‘whites’ or ‘rednecks’ grasped that their backs have been pressed to the wall. They also started to act and think as an identitarian political sector. Hillary Clinton calling Trump’s voters a “basket of deplorables” was a clear sign for white poor Americans that Hillary wasn’t exactly their ally. However, Hillary was far from being alone. Almost every Jewish writer within the American press didn’t miss the opportunity to attribute the “White Supremacist” label to Trump’s voters. For Cheryl Greenberg, Trump’s popularity was “the final gasping of white supremacy.” For T alking Points Memo’s Josh Marshall , Trump’s closing ad was packed with “anti-Semitic dog whistles, anti-Semitic tropes, and anti-Semitic vocabulary.” For Marshall and Goldberg, half of the American people were dogs obeying their master’s whistle. 
It shouldn’t take us by surprise that half of the American people would eventually react. They became weary of Jewish progressives like Marshall and Goldberg seeing them as dogs and white supremacists. The time was ripe for a revolution. 
So is the revolution here? I’m not holding my breath. The people who crowned Trump are certainly exhausted. They are ready for a change. Can Trump introduce such a change? No one knows. He is certainly going to keep us entertained. 
Gilad Atzmon is an Israeli jazz musician, author and political activist. His new book, “The Wandering Who,” may be ordered from amazon.com or amazon.co.uk .",0
12467,The Outsider-Insider: Isaac Babel’s Big Mistake,"Email 
It was fifty-four years or so when a classmate at Bard College insisted that I read a short story by Isaac Babel titled “The Reserve Cavalry Commander” that he described to me as a Cossack soldier miraculously bringing a moribund horse to its feet. The Red Cavalry (the title of Babel’s collection of short stories written when the Jew and former Menshevik was imbedded with pro-revolution Cossacks) had been confiscating peasant horses during the Civil War and trading in nags ridden to exhaustion on the battlefield for fresh ones. 
For the backward peasants, this was the sort of intrusion that would become the straw that broke the camel’s back. In about a decade, being forced into collective farms like recalcitrant horses drove them into open revolt. For the time being, however, they were inclined to tolerate the Communists who at least had come to power on the promise of peace, bread and land. It was the assault on the gentry’s land that for the time being assuaged the peasants. 
Responding to an aggrieved muzhik (peasant), Dyakov, the eponymous Reserve Cavalry Commander who was a former circus rider described by Babel as “red-faced with a gray mustache, a black cape, and wide red Tatar trousers with silver stripes”, promised that he could make this “lively little mare spring to her feet again”. The idea that the horse splayed out on the ground could be described as “lively” was almost an insult. The muzhik cried out, “Lord in Heaven and Mother of God. How is this poor thing supposed to get up? It’s on its last legs!”: 
Dyakov’s ability to bring the horse back on its feet was like Jesus raising Lazarus from the dead but all the more miraculous since it likely occurred. Most of Babel’s short stories were based on his experience as a war correspondent. He wrote: 
“You are insulting this horse, my dear fellow!” Dyakov answered with fierce conviction. “Pure blasphemy, my dear fellow!” And he deftly swung his athlete’s body out of his saddle. Splendid and deft as if in the circus ring, he stretched his magnificent legs, his trousers girded by cords around the knees, and walked up to the dying animal. She peered at him dolefully with a severe, penetrating eye, licked some invisible command from his crimson palm, and immediately the feeble mare felt bracing power flow from this sprightly, gray, blossoming Romeo. Her muzzle lolling, her legs skidding under her, feeling the whip tickling her stomach with imperious impatience, the mare slowly and deliberate1y rose onto her legs. And then we all saw Dyakov’s slender hand with its fluttering sleeve run through her dirty mane, and his whining whip swatting her bleeding ranks. Her whole body shivering, the mare stood on four legs without moving her timid, doglike, lovestruck eyes from Dyakov. 
“So you see-this is a horse,” Dyakov said to the muzhik , and added softly, “and you were complaining, my dearest of friends!” 
Throwing his reins to his orderly, the commander of the Reserve Cavalry jumped the four stairs in a single leap and, swirling off his operatic cloak, disappeared into the headquarters. 
Today, reading this story once again for the first time in fifty-four years, I am reminded of how important Babel was to me at the time. Like Ezra Pound, James Joyce and Thomas Mann, he was a portal into the world of modernist literature that still had an immense attraction for young bohemians in the early 60s. I never thought once about who Babel was or anything about the social reality he was trying to depict. All that mattered to me was Babel’s prose that could evoke the mysterious power of a Cossack resurrecting a dying horse. 
My early connections to modernism and my later connections to Marxism that superseded it and just about all the other intellectual baggage I carried around with me from the early 60s converged as I watched a press screening of “Finding Babel” that opens on October 28 th at the Cinema Village in New York. Directed by David Novack, who has a background as a sound engineer, it is a film that will be of great interest to those whose appreciation of Babel is strictly literary as was mine long ago and to those trying to come to terms with the Soviet legacy. Given the prominence of Ukraine today as a possible trigger of WWIII according to some, Babel’s multiple identity as Jew, Ukrainian, Communist and critic of Soviet deficiencies is worth pondering. 
The film is structured around the odyssey conducted by Andrei Malaev-Babel, who is the grandson of Isaac Babel and an acting professor in the theater department of the New College of Florida, to see where his grandfather lived and to speak with people who knew him or who have studied or been inspired by his work. Isaac Babel was executed for treason in 1940, having been charged with belonging to a Trotskyist group and spying for France and Austria. Babel’s wife Antonina Pirozhkova, who died at the age of 101 in 2010, is interviewed in the film and provides much of the information about Babel’s personality and his travails as a dissident. After her husband’s arrest in 1939, the Soviet cops told her to forget about him and to “regulate her life” according to the New York Times obituary. She was formidable in her own right. With her engineering degree, she helped to design the Moscow subway system. The obit notes: 
Ms. Pirozhkova recalled Babel’s dismay at her haphazard reading habits, which he tried to correct by drawing up a list of the “hundred books that every educated person needs to read.” It included a volume titled “The Instincts and Morals of Insects.” She recounted evenings spent with Soviet cultural giants like the film director Sergei M. Eisenstein and visits by foreign luminaries like André Gide and André Malraux. 
It was Babel’s mistake apparently to adhere to the values of the original Russian revolution rather than to fall in line as a Stalin toady. 
As he travels around Ukraine, Malaev-Babel encounters intellectuals and ordinary people who revere Babel as one of their own especially for “Odessa Tales”, another collection of short stories that is as highly regarded as “Red Cavalry”. Written in 1923 and 1924, the stories focus on Jewish gangsters living in Moldavanka, an Odessa slum, hardly the material you’d expect to find written by a partisan of the Russian Revolution but certainly in keeping with the original inspiration of Soviet culture that conformed to Terence’s observation: “ Homo sum, humani nihil a me alienum puto “, or “I am human, and nothing of that which is human is alien to me.” 
Although I have never read “Odessa Tales”, I plan to as soon as I find the time since it is about the same sort of characters my grandfather Louis Proyect probably knew in Byelorussia and who like him escaped pogroms by emigrating to the USA. Unlike my grandfather who made a life out of building hotels in Sullivan County in upstate NY, Abe “Kid Twist” Reles and other members of Murder Incorporated only saw the Borscht Belt as a place where they could dump their victims in Swan Lake, about fifteen minutes from my home town. 
Throughout the film we hear brief excerpts from both collections narrated by Liev Schreiber that will be a good introduction to Babel’s literary power. There are also interviews with some leading Babel scholars including Stanford professor Gregory Freidin who spent a day traveling around Paris with Malaev-Babel to see places where Babel lived for a few years before returning to Russia. We learn that although he could have avoided becoming one of Stalin’s countless victims by living in exile, he was too attached to Russian culture and language to live abroad. 
While in Paris, Babel wrote a play titled “Maria” that likely put him on Stalin’s shit-list although being a free-thinking intellectual and artist might have condemned from the start. With his theater background, Malaev-Babel is ideally suited to discuss the play with fellow thespians including Marina Vlady, an acclaimed Russian-French actress, who reads a letter from the titular character. 
In 2003, Gregory Freidin mounted a production of “Maria” at Stanford University. The play’s program describes major character Isaac Dymshit, a Jewish gangster, as a symbol of capitalist rationality while the eponymous Maria epitomized the pure romance of the revolution. She, like the young Babel, served in the Red Cavalry. 
Never seen on stage, we only hear from Maria indirectly as her letter is recited by another character in scene five. It begins: 
At dawn the bugle from squadron headquarters wakes me. By eight I have to be in the Political Propaganda Division, I’m in charge there–I edit the articles of the divisional newspaper, I run the literacy classes. Our reinforcements are all Ukrainians. They remind me of Italians, the way they talk and act. Russia has been suppressing and destroying their culture for centuries. In our house in Petersburg, opposite the Hermitage and the Winter Palace, we might as well have been living in Polynesia for we knew any­ thing at all about our people! 
It is writing lines like this that got Babel killed rather than spying for France or Austria. 
Babel was a friend and protégé of Maxim Gorky, who remained a diehard Stalinist despite sharing Babel’s inclination for writing about the lower depths of Russian society. He was deeply troubled by how “Maria” depicted political corruption, prosecution of the innocent, and black marketeering within Soviet society. Gorky accused Babel of having a “Baudelairean predilection for rotting meat.” Apparently Gorky had forgotten that Baudelaire was Marx’s favorite novelist. 
David Novack, the director of “Finding Babel” has a connection to Odessa but not to its legendary Jewish gangsters. He has an ancestor named David Nowakowsky who wrote liturgical music for a synagogue there. 
In an interview given to The Odessa Review , Novack sums up Isaac Babel’s relationship to the Soviet experience that resonates with my own on the left. As someone with roots in the existential “outsider” world of the 1960s that saw Albert Camus as its most eloquent spokesmen, I never found myself comfortable with the Trotskyist milieu that fostered cultish obedience to the Genius Leader. To this day, it has been these youthful affinities with outsider culture that makes it difficult for me to join any amen chorus on the left even though it is the left that remains my homeland. I think that Novack’s description of Babel’s “insider/outsider” sensibility can help me preserve my sanity in a period of deep contradictions within the left: 
Babel represented the insider outsider, that’s what he was. He got himself all the way inside, up to the upper levels of the NKVD. Up to Beria who ended up supervising his torture in the end, personally. I don’t know if he was in the room, but he had an office in the St. Catharine’s Monastery where Babel was tortured. That monastery was being used as a torture prison, the Sukhanovo prison, which we note in the film, we visited it. He got himself as close to the flame as possible as an insider, but yet he was an outsider because he was from Odessa, he was Jewish. He should not even have been permitted to study under Gorky which is where he really honed his skills. The only reason that he was able to study under Gorky is that he smuggled himself illegally to St. Petersburg when he wasn’t allowed to be there, because it was outside the settlement area for Jews. So Babel was an outsider. He then found himself with Red Calvary with the Cossacks in the Red Army, running through Western Ukraine as he documented brutality against the Ukrainians and the Jews. Brutality brought on by both sides, it was a civil war essentially between the reds and the Poles. Who suffered the most? The Jews and the Ukrainians, the peasantry are the ones who suffered the most in that conflict. There he was again, the outsider insider. It’s from this very unique perspective where all his writing came from.",0
12468,Climate Change and the Evidence for and Against · Guardian Liberty Voice,"CNN reported that sea records, in the Arctic and Antarctic, were at an all-time low in early October 2016, since scientist began to keep track. Research Scientist Walt Meier said it seems as though the human race is witnessing the Arctic and Antarctic Seas at record low levels for the first time on record, which is the argument for climate change.
Meier works for the Cryospheric Sciences Laboratory, at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center. He has also traced sea ice data since 1979.
Record low sea ice data is not new to the Arctic . However, this is a shocking turn of events for the Antarctic. Although the sea ice in the Arctic has been melting over the past decade, the sea ice in the Southern Hemisphere has been increasing.
The extent of the Antarctic Sea ice reached a record high each year from 2012 to 2014. Climate change critics indicated that the ice accumulation in the South Pole is evidence that climate change is not occurring. However, the scientific community has claimed that the process is caused by flows and differences in the hemisphere.
Additionally, Meir said that it is too early to know if the recent and rapid decline in the Antarctic Sea is going to occur regularly, such as the rapid decline in the Arctic. He concluded that the decrease in the sea ice of the Southern Hemisphere defies the argument against climate change because the ice in Antarctica is rising.
However, Skeptical Science stated that the climate has changed before and is always changing. In the past, the world experienced ice ages and warmer periods. In the previous warmer times, alligators were found in Spitzbergen.
In the last 700,0000 years, ice ages have occurred in a hundred-thousand-year cycle. There has been a warmer climate than the present one, regardless of greenhouse gasses being lower than they are now. In recent history, there have been medieval warm periods and then a little ice age, which is the argument against climate change.
Greenhouse gasses were involved in most of the climate changes throughout world history. When they were reduced, the Earth became colder. However, when they were increased, the global climate grew warmer. When the greenhouse gasses rose rapidly, the global warming that resulted became highly disruptive. The drastically warmer climate also caused mass extinctions.
In certain times, the increase in greenhouse gasses caused life to flourish, such as the Cretaceous and Eocene Periods. The gasses were in balance with the carbon in the oceans and with the weathering of the rocks. Ocean chemistry, atmospheric gasses, and life had millions of years to adjust to those levels.
However, there were several moments, in the history of the planet, where the climate jumped abruptly. Just as the climate is rapidly changing today. The extreme change was caused by rapid greenhouse gas emissions.
Skeptical Science stated that the climate was changing before humans lived. Scientists also claimed that the cause was from increased carbon emissions, such as those experienced today. They concluded that the emissions are destructive to life on Earth.
Climate Neutral Now is a global community of organizations that is committed to improving the climate by the second half of the 21st century. By the end of 2015, the world joined together to sign the Paris Agreement. Climate Neutral reported that this was a global climate change agreement that placed the foundation for a low carbon future.
However, in order to make the environment livable for the future, individuals, companies, and governments must be able to work together to gain climate neutrality. The Paris Agreement is a result of the argument for climate change.
Opinion News by John A. Federico
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
CNN: Amid higher global temperatures, sea ice at record lows at poles
Skeptical Science: What does past climate change tell us about global warming?
Climate Neutral: Go Climate Neutral Now
Featured Image Courtesy of Berkeley Lab’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    Antarctic Sea , Arctic Sea , Climate Change , ice , spot",0
12469,"To Wimbledon Wild Card, Life Feels Lifted From a Hollywood Script - The New York Times","WIMBLEDON, England  —   “Wimbledon,” a movie released 12 years ago, was a romantic comedy about a British tennis player on the verge of retirement who finds love, and then unlikely success at the tournament. Over the past four months, Marcus Willis, a    from Slough, England, has starred in a   version of the film, all but   its implausible plot points on the way to his unlikely spot in the Wimbledon main draw, scheduled to begin Monday. Willis, ranked 775th before the qualifying tournament, had nearly given up on his dreams of reaching Wimbledon and was planning to move to Philadelphia, where offers of coaching jobs were waiting. “I was adamant I was going to go to America to coach,” Willis said. “I had called up someone about the visa  —   and then I met a girl. She basically told me I was an idiot and that I should keep going, and I’m very grateful for that. ” Shortly before he had planned to leave in February, Willis met Jennifer Bate, a dentist and a mother of two. Bate said she was out on the town with a cousin as each tried to shake off “wrong relationships” that had just ended. “We just met, and honestly, it was a blur after that,” Bate said. “We went on a little walk to get some fresh air before we’d get a cab. He said, ‘I’m meant to be going to America soon,’ and I was like: ‘What? You can’t go to America.’ The night we met, I said, ‘You’ve just met me you can’t just move to America.’ I said it jokingly, and then he told me he was a tennis player. I thought, ‘Yeah, right, whatever.’ ” After experiencing what she called “love at first sight,” Bate rushed home to tell her mother she had met “the one,” and Willis postponed his plans to leave England. With Bate’s encouragement, Willis rededicated himself to tennis, despite having endured injuries and financial hardships in recent years. In 2014, struggling with touring expenses, Willis had started a crowdfunding campaign seeking support in getting to his “childhood dream” tournament. In 2016, he had played only one event, a January tournament in Tunisia at the lowest rung of sanctioned professional tennis, earning just $356. But his falling ATP ranking was just high enough to get him the last direct entry into a Wimbledon qualifying   playoffs for British players. Once there, he won three matches to reach the tournament’s main qualifying event. Though British wild cards often prove to be overmatched cannon fodder in the qualifying tournament, Willis played with confidence. In his first match, against the   Yuichi Sugita, Willis came back from losing the first set,   to notch his first career victory over a   opponent. With his unorthodox   barrage of chunked slices and    Willis continued his winning ways in the next two matches, beating the Russians Andrey Rublev and Daniil Medvedev and becoming the first British player to reach the Wimbledon singles main draw through qualifying since 2008. By doing so, he guaranteed himself prize money of at least 30, 000 British pounds. Andy Murray, who ended 77 years without a British men’s singles champion at Wimbledon when he won here in 2013, had practiced with Willis at the Davis Cup years earlier and called Willis’s qualifying a “really cool story. ” “He’s an awkward player, has got quite a different sort of game style,” Murray said. “   a little bit. He’s got really good touch, good volleys, puts a lot of slice on his slice backhand, quite a spinny forehand. He’s quite an unusual player. ” Those unnerving, unconventional weapons were on display when Willis made his previous best career run, to the quarterfinals of a   tournament in Knoxville, Tenn. in 2014. There, Willis also gained notice for his tubby physique, which inspired one Facebook heckler to call him Cartman, after Eric Cartman, the corpulent cartoon    from “South Park. ” Willis embraced the nickname, and while he is still bulkier than many in the sport, he has dropped 55 pounds. He still readily pokes fun at himself. “It’s good banter I enjoy it,” he said. If he wins his   match Monday against the   Ricardas Berankis on Court 17, a possible   encounter with the   champion Roger Federer looms. His weekend at Wimbledon playing among the game’s best  —   “I saw Djokovic earlier, and my jaw dropped I’m going to act cool and pretend it’s all normal now,” he said  —   has proved equally invigorating. “I’m delighted, but it makes me realize I want it week in, week out now,” he said. “I’ve got to keep working, keep my head down, and get on with it. ” Bate, who was unable to cancel her Monday dental patients’ appointments, will follow his   match from afar. She said she believed she would have many more opportunities to watch Willis continue toward a Hollywood ending. “Something in his mind has just clicked, and he’s ready now,” she said. “He’s taking it all in, and he’s got plenty more in him. ”",0
12470,Beneath a Close Election Contest Lie Deep Rifts Among Groups,"Beneath a Close Election Contest Lie Deep Rifts Among Groups Gary Langer et al., ABC News, November 3, 2016 
Profound rifts among groups lie beneath the close presidential contest, underscoring the country’s fundamental political divisions not only by gender, education, race and ethnicity but also by factors ranging from religious belief to residential area. 
{snip} 
There’s a 22 point gender gap in the contest, nearly double the norm in elections since 1976. And that pales compared with other gaps–44 points between college- and non-college-educated whites, 65 points between whites and nonwhites, 66 points between rural and urban residents and 97 points between white evangelicals and likely voters who don’t profess a particular religion. 
{snip} 
Trump is doing less well with Republicans and GOP leaners who wanted someone else to win the nomination; he has 75 percent support in this group, with 15 percent going to Clinton, 7 percent to Johnson or Stein. Two factors mitigate the damage: leaning Republicans have grown more apt to say they supported Trump in the first place (47 percent, up from 40 percent in August), and there’s no slippage evident in turnout among leaning Republicans who preferred someone else for the nomination. 
{snip} 
Differences among groups abound, with one of the largest between evangelical white Protestants–a core Republican constituency–and those who profess no religion. The former back Trump by 77 to 19 percent; the latter, Clinton by 64 to 25 percent. The groups are identical in size, each making up 17 percent of likely voters. The gap between them is typical. 
{snip} 
The racial gap, while wide, is narrower than typical. Whites support Trump by 53 to 39 percent; nonwhites favor Clinton, 72 to 21 percent. But that 65 point divide is a bit smaller than the average in exit polls since 1976, 73 points, as well as 26 points smaller than the record racial gap, 91 points, in 1984. That’s mostly because of lower support for Clinton among nonwhites who are not black or Hispanic; 48 percent back her, versus 66 percent for Barack Obama in 2012. 
In a particularly prominent result in this election, gender and education continue to spell broad differences among whites. College-educated white women, consistently strong for Clinton all year, now back her by 59 to 32 percent. Non-college-educated white men, steadily one of Trump’s best groups, support him 64 to 26 percent. 
White men with a college degree continue to divide closely, making them a battleground group. Non-college-educated white women–the largest of these groups, at 24 percent of likely voters–have wavered in their support, generally for Trump but by varying margins. Lately, they look more settled on Trump, now by 61 to 33 percent. 
{snip}",0
12471,‘The Daily’: Trump Trumps the Super Bowl - The New York Times,"When Patriots quarterback Tom Brady can’t make it through a pregame news conference without talking about our president, it’s official: Donald Trump overshadows everything. Even the Super Bowl. On today’s episode of “The Daily,” we discuss what happens when the biggest story in sports meets the biggest story in politics. And a bloody mission in Yemen reminds us that a new administration doesn’t always mean a new start. Tune in, and tell us what you think. Email us at thedaily@nytimes. com. Tweet me at @mikiebarb. And if that isn’t enough, we can even text. If you are on your phone and don’t see an audio player on this page, follow the instructions below. On your iPhone or iPad: Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon. If you’re reading this from your phone, tap this link, which will take you straight there. (You can also use the magnifying glass icon to search just type “The Daily. ”) Once on the series page, you can tap on the episode title to play the episode (make sure you have an internet connection) and tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone free. Or if you have another preferred podcast player, you can find “The Daily” there. (Here’s the RSS feed.) On your Android phone or tablet: Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Play Music” with an    icon. If you’re reading this from your phone, tap this link, which will take you straight there. (You can also use the magnifying glass icon to search just type “The Daily. ”) Once on the series page, you can tap on the episode title to play the episode (make sure you have an internet connection) and tap on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone free. Or if you have another preferred podcast player, you can find “The Daily” there. (Here’s the RSS feed.) From a desktop or laptop: Click the “play” button above to start the show. Make sure to keep that window open on your browser if you’re doing other things, or else the audio will stop. You can always find the latest episode at nytimes. . On Amazon Echo, Echo Dot or Tap: Open your Alexa app. From the navigation panel on the left, select “Settings,” then select “Flash Briefing,” then select “Get more Flash Briefing Content. ” Look for “The New York Times” and select “Enable Skill. ” Now you can say, “Alexa, what’s my flash briefing?” and you will hear “The Daily. ” On Google Home: You can say “Okay, Google, play New York Times news” to listen to that day’s audio report.",0
12472,"Elon Musk Threatens to Quit Advisory Panel if Donald Trump Cuts Energy Taxes, Subsidies - Breitbart","Elon Musk is threatening to resign from President Donald Trump’s business advisory panel if he extracts Americans from the Paris Climate Agreement which indirectly subsidizes Musk’s multiple   business projects. [The Wednesday threat came after news reports announced that Trump has decided to quit the 2016 agreement, which critics say would increase energy costs for U. S. consumers, factories and workplaces.   The threat was delivered via a pair of tweets from the entrepreneur, who has skillfully harnessed a variety of federal regulations to subsidize his Tesla   company, his SolarCity energy company, and a Nevada battery factory. Don’t know which way Paris will go, but I’ve done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH  via councils, that we remain,  —   Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 31, 2017,  Will have no choice but to depart councils in that case,  —   Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 31, 2017,  Trump is under huge pressure from his supporters and many business groups to quit President Barack Obama’s Paris deal, which has not been sent to the Senate for approval. When shaking hands on the deal, Obama promised the United States would reduce “global warming” by cutting U. S. emission of “greenhouses gases” by   by 2025, chiefly by taxing natural fuels and subsidizing new solar energy. Trump’s decision to quit the Paris deal would help many U. S. manufacturing industries by reducing the cost of energy from burning coal, oil, and natural gas. That cheaper energy would be a big gain for the   manufacturing communities in the midwestern states whose voters carried Trump over the Democrats’ “Blue Wall” November 8, 2016.  But if Trump pulls out of the Paris deal, it will damage the political support and government subsidies given by Democrats to the new   industries concentrated in the   West and Southwest. For example, the Los Angeles Times reported that Musk’s battery factory in Reno, Nevada is reported to have enjoyed roughly $1. 3 billion in state subsidies, his SolarCity company has gotten $1. 5 billion from federal   In California, the state legislature allowed his Tesla Motors to sell more than $500 million worth of carbon energy credits, said the Los Angeles Times, and the state’s   agency allows the owners of   cars to use   “high occupancy” lanes in gridlocked Los Angeles. Musk’s   company in New York state has reportedly gained $1 billion in   and   investment from Democratic politicians said the newspaper.  Unsurprisingly, Musk is a strong advocate for growing “carbon taxes” on natural fuels. In a January 2017 interview with Gizmodo, Musk declared:  CO2 [carbon diooxide] isn’t exactly pollution, but it does cause warming and slight acidification of water if very large quantities are dug from deep underground and added to the surface cycle. The problem is the   tragedy of the commons. The common good being consumed is atmospheric and oceanic carbon capacity, which currently has a price of zero. This results in an error in market signals and far more CO2 is generated than should be. We won’t ever go to zero CO2, but the rate over time should be dropped far below what it is today. Start low and increase it until the desired outcome is achieved. This can be offset by a reduction in other taxes, like sales tax, which is quite regressive. This is analogous to taxing cigarettes and alcohol more than fruits and vegetables, which everybody agrees makes sense. We should have higher taxes on the things that science says are probably bad for us than those that are probably good for us. Under criticism from progressives, Musk also championed his participation in Trump’s advisory council, telling Gizmodo that “the more voices of reason that the President hears, the better. Simply attacking him will achieve nothing. Are you aware of a single case where Trump bowed to protests or media attacks? Better that there are open channels of communication. ” New York investors, including Goldman Sachs, have made big bets on the preservation of the Paris deal, according to The Huffington Post. ",0
12473,"Morley Safer, Mainstay of ‘60 Minutes,’ Is Dead at 84 - The New York Times","Morley Safer, a CBS television correspondent who brought the horrors of the Vietnam War into the living rooms of America in the 1960s and was a mainstay of the network’s newsmagazine “60 Minutes” for almost five decades, died on Thursday at his home in Manhattan. He was 84. His wife, Jane Safer, said he died of pneumonia. Mr. Safer was one of television’s most celebrated journalists, a durable reporter familiar to millions on “60 Minutes,” the Sunday night staple whose signature is a relentlessly ticking stopwatch. By the time CBS announced his retirement on May 11, Mr. Safer had broadcast 919 “60 Minutes” reports, profiling international heroes and villains, exposing frauds and corruption, giving voice to   and chronicling the trends of an   America. Mr. Safer joined the program, created by Don Hewitt, in 1970, two years after its inception. His tenure eventually outlasted those of his colleagues Mike Wallace, Dan Rather, Harry Reasoner, Ed Bradley and Andy Rooney, as he became the senior star of a new repertory group of reporters on what has endured for decades as the most popular and profitable news program on television. But to an earlier generation of Americans, and to many colleagues and competitors, he was regarded as the best television journalist of the Vietnam era, an adventurer whose vivid reports exposed the nation to the hard realities of what the writer Michael J. Arlen, in the title of his 1969 book, called the “  War. ” With David Halberstam of The New York Times, Stanley Karnow of The Washington Post and a few other print reporters, Mr. Safer shunned the censored, euphemistic Saigon press briefings they called the “5 o’clock follies” and went out with the troops. Mr. Safer and his Vietnamese cameraman, Ha Thuc Can, gave Americans powerful   of firefights and    missions filmed hours before airtime. The news team’s helicopter was shot down once, but they were unhurt and undeterred. In August 1965, Mr. Safer covered an attack on the hamlet of Cam Ne about 10 miles west of the port city of Da Nang. Intelligence had identified Cam Ne as a Vietcong sanctuary, though it had been abandoned by the enemy before the Americans moved in. Mr. Safer’s account depicted Marines, facing no resistance, firing rockets and machine guns into the hamlet burning its thatched huts with flamethrowers, grenades and cigarette lighters as old men and women begged them to stop then destroying rice stores as the villagers were led away sobbing. “This is what the war in Vietnam is all about,” he reported. “The Vietcong were long gone. The action wounded three women, killed one baby, wounded one Marine and netted four old men as prisoners. Today’s operation is the frustration of Vietnam in miniature. To a Vietnamese peasant whose home means a lifetime of backbreaking labor, it will take more than presidential promises to convince him that we are on his side. ” Broadcast on the “CBS Evening News,” then anchored by Walter Cronkite, and widely disseminated, the report and its images stunned Americans and were among the most famous television portraits of the war. They provoked an angry outburst from President Lyndon B. Johnson, who excoriated Frank Stanton, the president of CBS, in a midnight phone call and ordered Mr. Safer investigated as a possible Communist. He was cleared. For three weeks in 1967, Mr. Safer toured China, then in the throes of Mao Zedong’s Cultural Revolution, posing as a Canadian tourist (he was born in Canada) because Western reporters were barred. Then, as CBS London bureau chief, he covered a war in the Middle East, the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia, strife in Northern Ireland and civil war in Nigeria, where he was expelled for reporting thefts from relief supplies intended for Biafran refugees. In 1970, he swapped the foreign correspondent’s fatigues for the dapper suits and silk handkerchiefs of “60 Minutes,” American TV’s first news and entertainment hybrid with a magazine format. He was soon contributing celebrity interviews and stylish essays to complement the investigative exposés of Mr. Wallace, the veteran CBS inquisitor, who died in April 2012. Over the next four decades Mr. Safer profiled writers, politicians, opera stars, homeless people and the unemployed, and produced features on shoddy building practices, strip mining, victims of bureaucracy, waterfront crime, Swiss bank accounts, heart attack treatments, problems of sleeplessness, cultural nabobs and other subjects, many suggested by staff members and viewers. In contrast to the often abrasive Mr. Wallace, Mr. Safer produced witty pieces on the lighter side of life: the game of croquet, Tupperware parties, children’s beauty pageants, experiments in communication with apes, and   Abu Dhabi, capital of the United Arab Emirates  —   “a place,” as he put it, “with free housing, free furniture, free color television, free electricity, free telephones, no property taxes, no sales taxes  —   no taxes, period. ” His serious journalism included a 1983 investigative report in which he cited new evidence that helped free Lenell Geter, a black engineer wrongly convicted of an armed robbery and sentenced to life in prison in Texas. Mr. Safer’s report was not the first on the case, but it drew national attention that led to its official reconsideration. In the studio or reporting on the road  —   he often traveled 200, 000 miles a year for “60 Minutes”  —   Mr. Safer was an affable interviewer, asking questions the man in the street might if he had the chance. He was well aware of television’s power to exploit emotions and was typically moderate, if persistent, in his commentaries. Still, Mr. Safer sometimes raised hackles, as when he questioned the basic premise of abstract art in a 1993 report, calling much of it “worthless junk” destined for “the trash heap of art history” and saying it was overvalued by the “hype” of critics, art dealers and auction houses. The art world recoiled, but Mr. Safer, who described himself as a “Sunday painter,” stood his ground. In 2012, he aired another blast at modern art, visiting a Miami Beach show that he called “an upscale flea market” and complaining that “the art trade” was a “booming cutthroat commodities market. ” In a commentary, the New York Times art critic Roberta Smith called Mr. Safer’s performance “a relatively toothless, if still quite clueless, exercise,” adding: “Basically, he and his camera crew spent a few hours last December swanning around Art Basel Miami Beach, the hip art fair, and venturing nowhere else, letting the spectacle of this event, passed through quickly and superficially, stand for the whole art world. ” Suave, casual, impeccably tailored, with a long, craggy face, receding gray hair and a wide, easy smile, Mr. Safer was something of a Renaissance man. He baked pies and cakes (but swore he did not eat them) played pétanque (a French version of bocce) pounded out scripts on a manual typewriter long after computers became ubiquitous, and painted watercolors of the interiors of countless hotel and motel rooms he had occupied. In 1980, he even had a show at a SoHo gallery. Why, he was asked in 1980, create still lifes in a transient world? “It’s 11:30 at night,” he replied. “I turn on Johnny Carson, I pick up my paints, and it wipes my mind out. ” Morley Safer was born in Toronto on Nov. 8, 1931, the son of Max and Anna Cohn Safer. His father owned an upholstery shop. Mr. Safer studied at the University of Western Ontario, now Western University. He was a reporter for two small newspapers in Ontario and worked for Reuters in London before joining the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation in 1955. As a CBC correspondent over the next three years, he covered conflicts in the Middle East and Cyprus and the Algerian revolution. In 1958, he produced and appeared on “CBC News Magazine. ” Sent to CBC’s London bureau in 1961, he covered major events in Europe, the Middle East and Africa in the early 1960s. He joined the CBS London bureau in 1964. In 1965, he went to Vietnam and soon began filing reports that changed the way many Americans perceived the war. In 1968, he married Jane Fearer, an anthropologist and author. He is also survived by their daughter, Sarah Safer a brother and sister and three grandchildren. He had homes in Manhattan and Chester, Conn. In 1989, Mr. Safer went back to Vietnam for a “60 Minutes” report and interviewed people whose lives had been touched by the war. He also wrote a   book, “Flashbacks: On Returning to Vietnam” (1990) with a chapter on Pham Xuan An, a Time magazine war correspondent who had secretly spied for Hanoi. Mr. Safer held no grudges. “He has done his best to follow his conscience,” he wrote. Mr. Safer won many awards, including Emmys, Peabodys and the George Polk Award for career achievement. In recent years, he worked part time for “60 Minutes. ” Still, his 2009 profile of the legendary Vogue editor Anna Wintour, who rarely gave interviews, was the talk of the fashion world. When he retired, CBS broadcast an hourlong special, “Morley Safer: A Reporter’s Life,” in which he revealed that he had not really liked being on television. “It makes me uneasy,” he said. “It is not natural to be talking to a piece of machinery. But the money is very good. ”",0
12474,Trump Picks Supreme Court Nominee Will Announce on Live TV,"President Donald Trump announced that he has made his Supreme Court nominee choice, promising to announce it live from the White House on Tuesday. [I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court,” he wrote on Twitter. “It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P. M. ”  Trump initially set his announcement for Thursday but moved it up after Senate Democrats seized on his executive order blocking immigration from several   countries in the Middle East. According to the Associated Press, three federal appeals court judges are on Trump’s short list  —   Neil Gorsuch, Thomas Hardiman, and William Pryor.",0
12475,Syrian Troops Clash With Rebels as Bombs Fall on Aleppo - The New York Times,"BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Government soldiers made advances in the center of the besieged city of Aleppo on Tuesday, as heavy aerial bombardments by Syria and its ally Russia extended into a fifth day,   media organizations said. Syrian state television reported that troops loyal to the government of President Bashar   had captured the   neighborhood of Farafra, near the city’s medieval citadel. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a monitoring organization based in London, confirmed that government forces had pushed into the center of Aleppo as part of their siege of   areas in the eastern part of what was once Syria’s commercial capital. Airstrikes on Tuesday afternoon killed at least 23 people, including nine children, in the Sha’ar and Mashhad neighborhoods in eastern Aleppo, the observatory reported. The ground offensive, if confirmed, would be a major development in the battle for Aleppo, where fighting has raged off and on since 2012. However, social media accounts associated with opposition fighters said the government was exaggerating the magnitude of its advances. Insurgents from groups that identify themselves as the Free Syrian Army said they had blocked government forces trying to advance on the eastern sections of Aleppo’s Old City. Rebels have been fortifying the eastern neighborhoods under their control for years, and any ground offensive would probably be long and grinding, international officials have said. The Syrian military has not demonstrated an ability to quickly take and hold large territories, even with help from thousands of foreign militiamen commanded by Iranian Revolutionary Guards, including fighters from the militant group Hezbollah and from Iraq, as well as a small number of Russian ground troops and heavy application of Russian and Syrian air power. Over the last week, Aleppo has been the site of some of the most ferocious fighting in Syria’s   civil war, after the collapse of a   negotiated by the United States and Russia. Mohamed Abu Jaafar Kahil, the head of a medical charity, said in an electronic message that conditions in Aleppo were desperate. “Hospitals have no more room to receive even one more case, due to the huge number of casualties, of wounded and of martyrs who died today at the hands of barbaric Russian warplanes backed by Syrian warplanes,” he said. Mr. Kahil recounted “nonstop bombing” by rockets and other artillery, including cluster munitions, which maim and kill indiscriminately. He estimated that dozens had died and hundreds had been wounded. Dr. Mohamed   a radiologist reached via the messaging app Viber, described a dire situation at the hospital where he worked. “We’re running short of drugs we’re running short of respirators,” he said. “We don’t have baby milk, especially for newborns. ” Bassem Ayoub, an Aleppo resident, said food and medical supplies were running out. “Every day is worse than the last,” he said. “Every day I leave my house, I keep in mind that I might not be back. All the people are doing the same here. We’re living day by day. ” Humanitarian organizations were trying to repair a water pumping station serving the eastern part of the city. Hanaa Singer, the Unicef representative for Syria, said officials were worried that the supply of drinking water might run out, putting 100, 000 children at risk of dehydration. There was no progress on diplomatic efforts to halt the bloodshed. In Germany, Chancellor Angela Merkel denounced the violence but expressed skepticism that a   zone, one of the ideas for stanching the violence, could be instituted. “What we currently see on the ground is very, very brutal and clearly targeting civilians,” she told reporters in Berlin, according to The Associated Press. She added that the recent attacks amounted to a “deep, deep setback. ” “It clearly now is up to the Assad regime, and also Russia, to take a step to improve the chances for a   and humanitarian aid,” she said. The conflict in Syria has by some estimates left 500, 000 people dead, displaced half the population and, according to the United Nations, has sent more than 4. 8 million people into neighboring countries as refugees. The United States has accepted about 12, 500 Syrian refugees over the past year, Anne C. Richard, the senior State Department official for refugee issues, said on Tuesday. That exceeds the goal set by President Obama of admitting as least 10, 000 during the fiscal year. But it is a tiny fraction of the total number of refugees. Ms. Richard also announced that the United States would provide more than $364 million in additional aid,   of which is to be provided to Syrians who are inside the country. That brings the total humanitarian assistance the United States has provided during the conflict to more than $5. 9 billion. Donald J. Trump, the Republican candidate for president, has called the program to admit Syrian refugees a security risk and has said it should be suspended. Defending the program, Ms. Richard said the vetting was “extremely rigorous” and added that the State Department wanted to bring in a higher number of Syrian refugees next year, though there was not a specific target. ",0
12476,“Not A ‘Real’ Union”: Emails Show Clinton Campaign Attacks On Nurses,"Robby Mook, the manager for Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign, urged staff to attack National Nurses United (NNU) as “fringe” and suggested they were “not a ‘real’ union,” according to emails published by WikiLeaks.
NNU gave Bernie Sanders one of his biggest union endorsements. The nurses union also invested a lot of time and resources into get out the vote efforts and hosted a major People’s Summit in June that brought all the forces, which were supportive of the Sanders campaign, together in Chicago to explore how to carry on a people’s agenda after the election.
RoseAnn DeMoro, executive director of NNU, responded, “The Clinton team’s attack on nurses as ‘fringe’ and not a ‘real union’ is deplorable, but hardly a shock. It’s a window in how they seek to vilify any critics, as evidenced in other emails showing Clinton’s mocking disdain for environmental activists.”
DeMoro continued, “Apparently, a ‘real union’ is only one that falls lock step within the Democratic Party establishment and ‘fringe’ when it fails to embrace partnerships with Wall Street and other corporate interests.”
“Sadly, it’s also a preview of what we can expect in the next four years and a reminder that—from day one of the Clinton administration—NNU and our allies will need to make our voices loudly heard to advocate for social, economic, and political justice for patients and all people.”
On August 9, 2015, the labor outreach director, Nikki Budzinski, indicated NNU would endorse Sanders. It was the first national labor endorsement the campaign failed to win.
Mook replied, “On the nurses—can we be ready [with] background for the press team on how fringe they are? Also have they praised HRC before?”
“I would be wary of trying to attack them as fringe,” Budzinski advised. However, she said the press would “love this story” and “finding a creative way to shake it I think is worth the effort.”
Mook agreed and added, “I’m just worried less experienced reporters won’t understand that they’re not a ‘real’ union.”
NNU is, in fact, a “real” union. It is an AFL-CIO member union. It is also the largest union of registered nurses in the United States.
In July 2015, Mook favored lobbying NNU leadership to prevent them from endorsing Bernie. That pressure clearly failed.
The campaign pit the nurses of the American Federation of Teachers (AFT) against the nurses of NNU, trotting them out to deaden the impact of NNU’s support for Sanders. Campaign chairman John Podesta even seemed to welcome AFT president Randi Weingarten’s pledge to “go after NNU and there [sic] high and mighty sanctimonious conduct.”
Individuals connected to the campaign continued to keep track of NNU and their efforts to support Sanders. Tina Flournoy of AFT notified the campaign when NNU sent out a press release condemning the Democratic National Committee for its attempt to rig the primary process by denying Sanders access to a master list of voters.
Clinton campaign staff likely considered NNU “fringe” because the nurses union took a principled stand on the Affordable Care Act (ACA). They pushed for single-payer healthcare and still refuse to settle for anything less than Medicare for All.
At a Democratic Platform Committee meeting in June, DeMoro criticized the ACA, as well as the Clinton campaign’s proposals for incremental market-based reform that would barely address human needs.
Clinton and DNC appointees to the Platform Committee blocked the Democratic Party from including language that would have suggested the party supports expanding Medicare to cover all Americans.
“The Affordable Care Act, while an improvement, is not good enough. It is structurally deficient [and] leaves healthcare as a system based on profit and ability to pay rather than patient need,” NNU declared in a statement after the platform committee voted down the single-payer language.
It still means tens of millions of American have no “health coverage or ‘insurance’” because they cannot afford “high out of pocket costs.” Plus, the law has systemic problems which undermine quality of care, and it is easy for the health care industry to game the system, NNU added.
President Barack Obama’s administration confirmed premiums under the ACA will go up about 25 percent. Many Americans will only have one insurance provider to choose from when buying insurance through exchanges.
The spike further undermines the arguments of progressive establishment figures, who insist the ACA must be defended at all costs, including against calls to establish a universal health care system that would truly put people before profits.
Finally, some of the worst attacks from Democrats and the Obama administration came in 2009 and 2010 against groups and organizations, which did not immediately fall in line and support the ACA. They lashed out those committed to single-payer healthcare or a much weaker reform, the public option.
The conduct of the Clinton campaign suggests this type of disdain for principled challenges from progressives will continue under a Clinton administration, and in fact, a Clinton administration may be more crude and vicious in their efforts to stamp out dissent.
The post “Not A ‘Real’ Union”: Emails Show Clinton Campaign Attacks On Nurses appeared first on Shadowproof .
",0
12477,DELINGPOLE: ’Penises Cause Climate Change’ Progressives Fooled by Peer-Reviewed Hoax Study - Breitbart,"Gender studies is a fake academic industry populated by charlatans, deranged activists and gullible idiots. [Now, a pair of enterprising hoaxers has proved it scientifically by persuading an academic journal to   and publish their paper claiming that the penis is not really a male genital organ but a social construct.  The paper, published by Cogent Social Sciences  —   “a multidisciplinary open access journal offering high quality peer review across the social sciences”  —   also claims that penises are responsible for causing climate change. The two hoaxers are Peter Boghossian, a   faculty member in the Philosophy department at Portland State University, and James Lindsay, who has a doctorate in math and a background in physics. They were hoping to emulate probably the most famous academic hoax in recent years: the Sokal Hoax  —   named after NYU and UCL physics professor Alan Sokal  —   who in 1996 persuaded an academic journal called Social Text to accept a paper titled “Transgressing the Boundaries: Towards a Transformative Hermeneutics of Quantum Gravity”. Sokal’s paper  —   comprising pages of   but meaningless   jargon  —   was written in part to demonstrate that humanities journals will publish pretty much anything so long as it sounds like “proper leftist thought” and partly in order to send up the absurdity of so much   social science. So, for this new spoof, Boghossian and Lindsay were careful to throw in lots of signifier phrases to indicate fashionable   bias: We intended to test the hypothesis that flattery of the academic Left’s moral architecture in general, and of the moral orthodoxy in gender studies in particular, is the overwhelming determiner of publication in an academic journal in the field. That is, we sought to demonstrate that a desire for a certain moral view of the world to be validated could overcome the critical assessment required for legitimate scholarship. Particularly, we suspected that gender studies is crippled academically by an overriding   belief that maleness is the root of all evil. On the evidence, our suspicion was justified. They also took care to make it completely incomprehensible. We didn’t try to make the paper coherent instead, we stuffed it full of jargon (like “discursive” and “isomorphism”) nonsense (like arguing that hypermasculine men are both inside and outside of certain discourses at the same time)   phrases (like “   society”) lewd references to slang terms for the penis, insulting phrasing regarding men (including referring to some men who choose not to have children as being “unable to coerce a mate”) and allusions to rape (we stated that “manspreading,” a complaint levied against men for sitting with their legs spread wide, is “akin to raping the empty space around him”). After completing the paper, we read it carefully to ensure it didn’t say anything meaningful, and as neither one of us could determine what it is actually about, we deemed it a success. Some of it was written with the help of the Postmodern Generator  —   “a website coded in the 1990s by Andrew Bulhak featuring an algorithm, based on NYU physicist Alan Sokal’s method of hoaxing a cultural studies journal called Social Text, that returns a different fake postmodern ‘paper’ every time the page is reloaded. ” This paragraph, for example, looks impressive but is literally meaningless: Inasmuch as masculinity is essentially performative, so too is the conceptual penis. The penis, in the words of Judith Butler, “can only be understood through reference to what is barred from the signifier within the domain of corporeal legibility” (Butler, 1993). The penis should not be understood as an honest expression of the performer’s intent should it be presented in a performance of masculinity or hypermasculinity. Thus, the isomorphism between the conceptual penis and what’s referred to throughout discursive feminist literature as “toxic hypermasculinity,” is one defined upon a vector of male cultural machismo braggadocio, with the conceptual penis playing the roles of subject, object, and verb of action. The result of this trichotomy of roles is to place hypermasculine men both within and outside of competing discourses whose dynamics, as seen via   discourse analysis, enact a systematic interplay of power in which hypermasculine men use the conceptual penis to move themselves from powerless subject positions to powerful ones (confer: Foucault, 1972). None of it should have survived more than a moment’s scrutiny by serious academics. But it was   by two experts in the field who, after suggesting only a few changes, passed it for publication: Cogent Social Sciences eventually accepted “The Conceptual Penis as a Social Construct. ” The reviewers were amazingly encouraging, giving us very high marks in nearly every category. For example, one reviewer graded our thesis statement “sound” and praised it thusly, “It capturs [sic] the issue of hypermasculinity through a   and nonlinear process” (which we take to mean that it wanders aimlessly through many layers of jargon and nonsense). The other reviewer marked the thesis, along with the entire paper, “outstanding” in every applicable category. They didn’t accept the paper outright, however. Cogent Social Sciences’ Reviewer #2 offered us a few relatively easy fixes to make our paper “better. ” We effortlessly completed them in about two hours, putting in a little more nonsense about “manspreading” (which we alleged to be a cause of climate change) and “  contests. ” No claim made in the paper was considered too ludicrous by the  : not even the one claiming that the penis is “the universal performative source of rape, and is the conceptual driver behind much of climate change. ” You read that right. We argued that climate change is “conceptually” caused by penises. How do we defend that assertion? Like this: Destructive, unsustainable hegemonically male approaches to pressing environmental policy and action are the predictable results of a raping of nature by a   mindset. This mindset is best captured by recognizing the role of [sic] the conceptual penis holds over masculine psychology. When it is applied to our natural environment, especially virgin environments that can be cheaply despoiled for their material resources and left dilapidated and diminished when our patriarchal approaches to economic gain have stolen their inherent worth, the extrapolation of the rape culture inherent in the conceptual penis becomes clear. The fact that such complete drivel was published in a social science journal, the hoaxers argue, raises serious questions about the value of fields like gender studies and the state of academic publishing generally: “The Conceptual Penis as a Social Construct” should not have been published on its merits because it was actively written to avoid having any merits whatsoever. The paper is academically worthless nonsense. But they do not hold out much hope for it having any more effect on the bullshit in the social sciences industry than Sokal’s hoax did  —   because leftist stupidity in academe is so heavily entrenched. As a matter of deeper concern, there is unfortunately some reason to believe that our hoax will not break the relevant spell. First, Alan Sokal’s hoax, now more than 20 years old, did not prevent the continuation of bizarre postmodernist “scholarship. ” In particular, it did not lead to a general tightening of standards that would have blocked our own hoax. Second, people rarely give up on their moral attachments and ideological commitments just because they’re shown to be out of alignment with reality.",0
12478,Pokemon GO Revelations/ Open Lines,"  Pokemon GO Revelations/ Open Lines Pokemon GO Revelations/ Open Lines Date Friday - November 18, 2016 Host Jimmy Church   
Filling in for George, Jimmy Church ( ) will be joined by Bryan Lunduke , a technology journalist for Network World, an author of nerdy books, podcaster, and creator of absurd videos. He'll discuss how the Pokemon GO app was developed by In-Q-Tel corporation which is the venture capital firm of the CIA, and how downloading the app, opens phones and provides the CIA access to all the personal data they contain. Followed by Open Lines in the latter half. Website(s):",0
12479,Dem Rep Jeffries: ’Every Racist in America Voted for Donald Trump’ - Breitbart,"During a speech on the House floor on Monday, Representative Hakeem Jeffries ( ) argued that while not all Trump voters are racists, “every racist in America voted for Donald Trump. ”  Jeffries said, “Since January 20th, we’ve seen a disturbing increase here in America in         and   acts. And the question is, is this just a coincidence, or could it possibly have something to do with the election of the 45th president of the United States of America? Now, in part, what we’re seeing is connected to a historic backlash that has often occurred throughout this journey that we’ve been on here in America, that whenever we make significant progress, there’s always a backlash amongst some in America who’ve got a problem with the fact that we’ve done things designed to be more consistent with our values of liberty and justice for all, equal protection under the law. ” After listing historical examples of this, Jeffries stated, ” And then, of course, we’ve got Barack Obama, who was elected in what many of us viewed as an incredible step in the right direction,   having gone from the outhouse to the White House. Eight years of tremendous progress in moving this country forward, followed by the election of Donald Trump, a man who spent five years perpetrating the racist lie that Barack Obama was not born in the United States of America. And many of us are wondering, why were so many people who worship at the altar of white supremacy drawn to Donald Trump’s campaign? What was it about this individual that so many folks dripping in hatred flocked to his candidacy? That’s not to say that every American who voted for Donald Trump is a racist. We do know that every racist in America voted for Donald Trump. that’s a problem. ” He concluded, “And so, again, I just ask the question in closing, is this all a big coincidence? We know part of it is the backlash that has often occurred whenever we’ve made progress in America, but this president has a responsibility to address the rise in hate crimes that have taken place on his watch, whether or not his election is directly connected to it. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
12480,GOP senators warn negotiators: US climate goals might not last,"November 4, 2016 GOP senators warn negotiators: US climate goals might not last 
A group of Republican senators on Thursday advised American negotiators to warn their international counterparts that President Obama’s climate goals might not survive the next administration. 
In a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry, the senators, led by Environment and Public Works Committee Chairman James Inhofe (R-Okla.), noted that American commitments to the international Paris climate deal aren’t binding and could be undone by an unfriendly Congress or Republican presidential administration. 
“Joining international agreements using ‘sole executive agreement authority’ leaves the door open for any future administration to alter its course,” the senators wrote. “Understanding this is especially important in the context of climate change policies, because Congress’s unwillingness to support the president’s international efforts is not the result of gridlock — it is the result of explicit opposition.”",0
12481,Why Are Russia and China Buying Up All of America’s Food? Paul Martin and Dave Hodges,"

The Port of New Orleans is quickly running out of food. The Russians and the Chinese are buying up a good portion of America’s grain and food. Inside sources are saying that China is preparing to buy up all beef. What is behind these actions. Could it have anything to do with an impending War between China and Russia and the United States.
The threat is greater than one can imagine. The details are in the following video.
 

 
P lease Donate to The Common Sense Show 
 
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 

 

This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information.
 


Click here for more information 
 
The sane alternative to Facebook 
Seen.Life-The Facebook alternative- no censorship, no spying– Sign up here 
 
[/fusion_text] ",0
12482,Trump Supporters Applaud Immigration Order as a ‘Welcome Change’ - The New York Times,"While President Trump’s order banning immigration from several Muslim countries led to protests at several American airports, the news was often met with satisfaction and approval in those precincts that Mr. Trump carried in the November election. And the protests themselves were viewed with irritation by some, including conservatives who were otherwise critical of Mr. Trump’s order. “People at airports are on tight schedules and are henpecked enough as it is,” Jay Cost, a senior writer for the Weekly Standard, said on Twitter. ”It is uncivil and rude. ” Dan McLaughlin, a securities lawyer in New York, in an article for National Review, wrote that the anger over the new policy was “seriously misplaced,” and he argued that the policy was far less radical than critics had made it seem. “His policy may be terrible public relations for the United States,” Mr. McLaughlin wrote. “But it is fairly narrow and well within the recent tradition of immigration actions taken by the Obama administration. ” Others said that the policy, which went into effect on Friday night, had already been effective. Mark Kern, a video game designer turned conservative political pundit who has supported video surveillance of mosques, voiced his approval. He said that Mr. Trump’s decisive action was a welcome change. “If we sit and debate and prevaricate, remember Europe did this too, and now wishes it hadn’t,” he wrote in one Tweet. He added later, “Luckily we now have a POTUS who does not waver or hesitate to do what is needed. And despite hysteria to the contrary, lawfully. ” The conservative pundit Tomi Lahren, who supports Mr. Trump, wrote in an email that, “It’s not intolerant or unloving to put Americans and American safety first. Every nation has the right to protect its people first. ” “Somehow the left doesn’t seem to understand or agree with that right,” she said. The response on the right was far from monolithic. The Koch brothers condemned the order as the “wrong approach” and so did writers at their libertarian   the Cato Institute. John Podhoretz, the conservative commentator, reaffirmed that he thought Islamic terrorism posed a threat, but he wrote that the policy was not “based in fact. ” In fact, Mr. Podhoretz wrote, the order resembled what he characterized as a liberal solution to major problems  —   a grand, gesture that the president was using to rally his base. “They are making horrible policy for naked political advantage based in disingenuousness,” he concluded. “And that’s no way to run a country. ” A Quinnipiac poll taken in   before Mr. Trump issued the order, found that 48 percent of Americans were in favor of “suspending immigration from terror prone regions, even if it means turning away refugees. ” Mr. Trump’s order immediately closed the nation to refugees and to people from some predominantly Muslim countries including Iraq, Syria and Iran. In the same poll, 53 percent of respondents were in favor of requiring Muslim immigrants to register with the federal government. A member of Mr. Trump’s transition team, Kris Kobach, had suggested before the new president took office that a national registry for immigrants from countries plagued by terrorism might be reinstated. A spokesman for Mr. Trump at the time, Jason Miller, later clarified that the registry would not track individuals based on their religion. Reuters reported that while protests filled airports where travelers were being held, many other people around the country were nonchalant about the order and puzzled by the protests. Louise Ingram, 69, of Troy, Ala. told Reuters that while she was not opposed to immigrants, “I just want to make sure they are safe to come in. ” “A country is not a country if it doesn’t have borders,” said Steve Hirsch, 63, who was at Dulles International Airport in Virginia, where hundreds of people were protesting, to pick someone up this weekend. On Mr. Trump’s official Facebook page, his supporters thanked him for the action. One user, Jason Juno Lee, who identifies himself as a Marine, posted a comment comparing the United States after the order to a safely locked house. “I lock my doors every night,” he wrote. “I don’t lock them because I ‘hate’ the people outside. I lock them because I love the people inside!” Another user named Wes Schmaltz was more concise: “Thank you President Trump for doing exactly what you were elected to do. ”",0
12483,the influencing machine and magnus olsens blood.,"the influencing machine and magnus olsens blood. page: 1 First off i just heard of this about 2 months ago. His blood is clumping up and they found crystals that seem engineered in the blood using an electron microscope. then today i read this.. remote influencing.. As we all know all electronic circuits need power, in the case of Remote Influencing Psychotronic Generators provide this power. Tim Rifat has developed the Psychotronic Generator from simple Pavlita generators to the far future Bone Generators(TM) using your own skull and bones as Psychotronic Crystal Generators. These Bone Generators(TM) change the Quantum Wave Function of reality, Remote Influencing. The science of Remote Influencing is based on quantum mechanics only Tim Rifat has developed science to explain Remote Influencing. The process is to decohere the Quantum Wave Function, decollapse it and return it to it's quantum vacuum grand state, modify the Quantum Wave Function to the remote influenced event, collapse it using hyperinfinity so it manifests as your remote influenced event. (see www.supernaturalspirit.com Services for full explanation). In effect we zap the thing to be changed make it vanish and remanifest it as the event we went in laymans language; this takes energy supplied by Psychotronic Amplifiers in your Psychotronic Bone Generators(TM) as well as hyperinfinity the operator that holds the new event in being supplied by your Bone Generators(TM). Only one event can be carried out at a time (explained on www.psychicpowergambling.com) so Tim Rifat has arranged to quantum mechanically change your skeleton into Bone Psychotronic Generators(TM) for one specific event and give you the energy and Psychotronic Fuel with the hyperinfinity to manifest 12 of these singular events after which your Bone Generators which are acting as Psychotronic Batteries run out of energy. ive experienced temporal effects both physical and mental in being attacked by some kind of possibly similar technology. i have no dount im on a similar program as magnus. i get tortured bad. thats all ill say.",0
12484,Stakes Rise for Prosecutors Trying Officer in Freddie Gray Case for Murder - The New York Times,"BALTIMORE  —   After two prosecutions without a conviction since the fatal arrest of Freddie Gray, opening arguments are set to begin Thursday in the trial of Caesar R. Goodson Jr. the only officer charged with murder in connection with the death and the driver of the police wagon in which Mr. Gray suffered the spinal injury that killed him. The combination of the two unsuccessful prosecutions and the murder charge has raised the stakes substantially in the trial of the third of six officers charged in the death of Mr. Gray, 25, a black man whose death spurred riots, looting and arson. “These are the most serious charges,” said Warren S. Alperstein, a defense lawyer here who has represented police officers and has been closely following the cases but is not directly involved in them. “This is, arguably, the    case for the state. It would be a devastating blow if the state was unable to secure a conviction. ” The trial comes as prosecutors aim to shift the narrative away from the mistrial of one officer involved in the case and, just over two weeks ago, another one’s acquittal on all charges. But legal experts say it will be exceedingly difficult for prosecutors to secure a conviction for murder. Some activists in Baltimore say their faith in the judicial process is already worn. “The average person doesn’t really expect anything,” said Dayvon Love, the director of public policy for Leaders of a Beautiful Struggle, an advocacy organization. “They expect the officers to get acquitted. They don’t expect any accountability. ” In addition to the failed prosecutions, the trials have left lingering questions about how Mr. Gray ended up with a functionally severed spine, critics say. “The world wants to know what happened to Freddie Gray,” said Darlene Cain, a nurse’s assistant whose son was shot and killed by a Baltimore police officer in 2008, and who has urged greater accountability from officers who use force. “How did a young person, healthy, talking and standing at one moment, and then at the next time, he’s not living?” Officer Goodson, 47, a   Baltimore police veteran who, like Mr. Gray, is black, faces seven charges in total, including three charges of manslaughter, and a charge of   depraved heart murder  —   a rare charge for a police officer, even as scrutiny of law enforcement grows. “We’re seeing a huge increase in trials for officers for any criminal offense, but I’ve never seen a murder trial for an officer without video or eyewitness testimony,” said Geoffrey P. Alpert, a professor of criminology at the University of South Carolina who has focused on the use of force by the police. He added, “It’s been an uphill battle in the other two trials, and this is going to be the toughest. ” The case will be decided not by a jury, but by Judge Barry G. Williams, who acquitted another officer, Edward M. Nero, late last month. Judge Williams, once an attorney in the Department of Justice’s Civil Rights Division, is also black, and he won accolades from members of the legal community  —   including Billy Murphy, the lawyer for Mr. Gray’s family  —   for not bowing to public pressure in deciding Officer Nero’s case. But he has been accused in some quarters of making a narrow ruling that did not reckon with the larger questions of the case. Officer Goodson’s side of the story has never been officially told he is the only charged officer who did not give a statement to police investigators. Court filings have hinted that the prosecution may suggest Mr. Gray was taken for a   rough ride, with Officer Goodson intentionally driving the van in a dangerous fashion. They have indicated plans to call a witness who can discuss the practice. But legal observers say it is not yet clear what, if any, evidence they have to prove that is what happened on April 12, 2015, when Mr. Gray was arrested. “The open question with regard to the Goodson trial is, will we hear more about the practice of giving rough rides?” said David Jaros, a professor of law at the University of Baltimore, who said that such a theory could explain why prosecutors chose to charge Officer Goodson with murder. “Absent a rough ride,” Mr. Jaros said, “it is much harder to understand the prosecution’s decision to pursue that particular charge, which requires a wanton and reckless disregard for human life that is so significant that it is akin to intentional murder. ” What is known is that Officer Goodson responded to the arrest of Mr. Gray on a bright morning last April. Mr. Gray had fled, apparently unprompted, from police officers in the Sandtown neighborhood of West Baltimore. Mr. Gray was eventually placed  —   in handcuffs and leg shackles but no seatbelt  —   in Officer Goodson’s transport wagon, which made several stops in the neighborhood before arriving at the Western District police station. There, Mr. Gray was found unresponsive. He died of a spinal injury a week later. Protests here grew so violent that Gov. Larry Hogan called in the National Guard. With armored trucks still rolling through the city, the state’s top prosecutor, Marilyn J. Mosby, announced charges against six police officers  —   three black, three white. Late last month, Officer Nero was acquitted on charges of   assault, reckless endangerment and two counts of misconduct connected to his role in Mr. Gray’s arrest. And in December, a jury failed to reach a verdict in the case of Officer William G. Porter, who faced charges including manslaughter and reckless endangerment. Prosecutors eventually secured an unusual ruling from the state’s highest court  —   a procedure that caused delays in all of the trials  —   to let Officer Porter testify against Officer Goodson while his own retrial is pending. “Officer Porter’s testimony will be crucial,” said Douglas Colbert, a professor of law at the University of Maryland, who has been supportive of the prosecution, adding, “He minimally suggested going to the hospital. ” Regardless of the role of a rough ride, the case may turn on what prosecutors can show about Officer Goodson’s state of mind while he drove Mr. Gray through West Baltimore. They are expected to argue that he had custody of Mr. Gray, and was responsible to keep him safe by using the seatbelt and obtaining medical help when he needed it  —   and knew he could be putting Mr. Gray in danger by not doing so. Defense lawyers are expected to paint Officer Goodson as a veteran with a clean record who acted in line with accepted departmental practice when he did not buckle Mr. Gray in. “There’s an irony that the officer’s best defense is really an indictment of how people are generally treated in the system,” Mr. Jaros said.",0
12485,"Feminist Commentator Laci Green Slammed by Leftists for Dating Anti-SJW YouTuber, Wanting Open Debate - Breitbart","Feminist Laci Green has faced backlash from   activists, radical feminists, and former friends after she was revealed to be in a relationship with popular   YouTuber Chris Ray Gun. [Though the   community welcomed Green’s openness to engaging in more open debate with people who disagree with her views in a recent video, the feminist YouTuber revealed on Twitter that social justice warriors angry with her had allegedly doxed her and harassed her family.  shoutout to whichever sjw asshole leaked my private info on facebook  sent a torrent of people to harass me and my family for ”colonizing”.  —   Laci Green (@gogreen18) June 7, 2017,  “Nobody has the right to tell you who you can date, who you can love, who to share your body with,” posted Green this week, after she was attacked for dating someone with different political beliefs. “Your body and your life belong to you. ” nobody has the right to tell you who you can date, who you can love, who to share your body with. your body and your life belong to you.  💚  —   Laci Green (@gogreen18) June 5, 2017,  “My, how quickly some feminists who claim to be   anti   or anti   turn around and do just that,” she continued. “Amazing. ” my, how quickly some feminists who claim to be   anti   or anti   turn around and do just that.  amazing.  —   Laci Green (@gogreen18) June 6, 2017,  In a video titled “Taking the red pill?” last month, Green revealed that she had started to talk to people of different opinions and was planning to host debates with  .  Green, who hosted MTV’s digital series Braless and was named by TIME as one of the “30 Most Influential People on the Internet” in 2016, was immediately attacked by leftist activists following the video, and a   video titled “Caught between extremes” and has since generated even more backlash following the announcement of her relationship. sorry but I gotta ask: are you dating chris? I know you’re probably tired of seeing this but the uncert  …      —   yup.  ❤️ https:  .   —   Laci Green (@gogreen18) June 5, 2017,  Oh holy shit, Laci Green completely lost it. Holy fucking hell. Peak white cis feminism. And the   just LOVE it.  —   Grinsekatze (@Natanji) May 11, 2017,  laci green is a (pardon my french) dumb white feminist and her claim to intersectionality is invalid and whack as fuck,  —   mia (@144px) May 12, 2017,  anyway laci green is a perfect example of how white women can easily put aside the struggles of others to befriend racists,  —   mia (@144px) May 12, 2017,  I don’t want to make friends with antifeminists. Far more productive to befriend someone at YouTube who could delete all their channels.  —   Steve Shives (@steve_shives) May 12, 2017,  Don’t date  . Don’t date gamergate. Don’t date white supremacist. No, not even if you like them. In their words: Fuck your feelings.  —   Zinnia Jones (@ZJemptv) June 5, 2017,  Steve Shives, who is known online for the large amount of Twitter users he has blocked, claimed that Green’s embrace of open debate and discussion was the “embrace” of “white supremacy. ” Mic drop from @theLLAG on Laci Green’s embrace of antifeminism and white supremacy. pic. twitter.   —   Steve Shives (@steve_shives) June 3, 2017,  Actor Benjamin O’Keefe added that Green’s desire for civilized debate between both sides of the political spectrum equated to “not giving a fuck about: her friends, women, people of color, interacial [sic] couples, trans people, [and] Muslim people. ” Not giving a fuck about: her friends, women, people of color, interacial couples, trans people, Muslim people. https:  .   —   Benjamin O’Keefe (@benjaminokeefe) June 5, 2017,  During a discussion with one Twitter user, Green declared that “people [with] very liberal values are being pegged ‘nazis’ and ‘white supremacists’ for [different] opinions. ” in my view, it’s   not listening.  people w very liberal values are being pegged ”nazis” and ”white supremacists” for diff opinions.  —   Laci Green (@gogreen18) June 5, 2017,  “To many people, this approach is profoundly alienating,” she continued. “It operates on fear, shame, and censorship rather than open dialogue  room to grow. ” to many people, this approach is profoundly alienating. it operates on fear, shame, and censorship rather than open dialogue  room to grow.  —   Laci Green (@gogreen18) June 5, 2017,  This is not the first time Green has been harassed for diverging from social justice dogma, having previously allegedly received death threats for using the word “tranny” in 2009, according to Daily Dot. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
12486,"All Aboard the Nordic Express, at Agern - The New York Times","Almost everyone who has lived in Manhattan has had the dream. Wandering through your apartment, you see a door nobody has noticed before. On the other side, you find that you have been living all along with extra rooms: enough space for an office, a guest bedroom, a painting studio, a   closet, a tiki bar, a library. That sensation is what you get walking into Agern for the first time. Just off a corridor in Grand Central Terminal that you’ve probably rushed down hundreds of times, behind a set of doors locked for longer than most New Yorkers can remember, a restaurant has appeared. In the three months since it opened, Agern has made both the train station and the city’s dining landscape into roomier, more interesting places. There are no windows, and the front entrance, at the top of a short flight of stairs, is marked by a small sign that’s easy to walk past. This makes Agern ( ) feel like a quiet harbor away from the eddies and currents of commuters outside. Hours can slip away. In the modern Scandinavian dining room, pale wood, charcoal seat cushions and wall tiles in mossy Grand Central green create a calming mood. It’s like a spa with tasting menus and cocktails. The primary owner is the Danish restaurateur Claus Meyer, one of the founders of Noma, in Copenhagen, and of its New Nordic cooking style. New Nordic is not so much a cuisine as a philosophy. Its followers value traditional methods like curing and smoking, and seek out forgotten or overlooked ingredients from nearby. Mr. Meyer recruited Gunnar Gislason, the chef of the New Nordic restaurant Dill, in Reykjavik, Iceland, to run the kitchen. Mr. Gislason has imported Dill’s philosophy but not, for the most part, its Icelandic provisions, like the dried sheep droppings over which fish is smoked. Buying food raised around New York, he and his chef de cuisine, Joseph Yardley, treat the city as another Scandinavian capital:   . Sign on for the Field and Forest menu, a vegetarian excursion through seven courses with a salvo of finger foods (the $120 price, like all the prices at Agern, includes service) and the plants you eat are mostly those you could buy at Union Square Greenmarket. What the kitchen does to them gives them an unfamiliar and often transporting cast. There was, for instance, a potato salad that caused double and triple takes. The potatoes had a restrained but durable smokiness. They were served with shaved rhubarb, ramps and feathery red seaweed, which carried a memory of the ocean. Finally, long yellow bands of cured egg yolk had the salty, intensifying effect of bottarga. That salad has been replaced by one with lemon cucumbers and fleshy summer melon, but the cured egg remains, giving the fruit and vegetables a depth I didn’t expect. Preserved blackberries, tart and a little salty, brought a welcome sharpness to endive salad, dressed with mild and creamy havgus cheese and chopped almonds. Sweet corn and fresh chanterelles are a classic summer match, but I had no idea how wonderful they could taste with the addition of tarragon and golden raspberries. The Land and Sea menu costs $25 more. In the New Nordic spirit, the animal flesh is not supplied by overworked and unsustainable ingredients. It comes from more humble stuff. Rather than foie gras, there is beef heart, chopped into red filaments that provide ballast and iron to a salad of skinny asparagus stems and garlic scapes with tart green slices of unripe strawberries. Instead of bluefin tuna, you eat skate, cooked gingerly to keep the appealing gelatinous softness, under celery and batons of apple. Heirloom pork is not the loin but the neck, imbued (too strongly?) with rosemary and served with a crisp, simple, creamy and very good salad of green beans. The two menus are not that far apart. Sometimes they are separated by a single ingredient: A few briny spoonfuls of trout eggs get the potato salad admitted to the Land and Sea menu. From time to time, they converge on an identical dish like the unaccountably delicious potato fry bread, a fritter of sourdough mixed with mashed potatoes, or the roasted beet. The last time I ate at Agern, this had become “our famous beet. ” It does seem to have been consciously designed to be talked about. It’s carved on a cart next to the table after being liberated from the    crust it’s baked in. The crust is supposed to give the beet the flavor it would pick up over a wood fire, but it didn’t taste smoky to me. My first bite was impossibly salty, too. But after that, its natural flavors were deeply concentrated, and the underlying beet salad, flecked with fresh horseradish and fried caraway seeds, was stunning on its own. So was the tiny loaf of   rye bread, wonderful with beets mashed into it and even more wonderful under a thick coat of butter. These   loaves are baked by Rhonda Crosson, and I think they are at least as good as her big rounds of sourdough, and those are exceptional. Agern’s pastry chef, Rebecca Eichenbaum, showed how resourceful she could be in her last job, at Wassail, where she spun elaborate desserts out of parsnips and carrots. She is no less inventive at Agern, but the results are a little less effortful, even as she tops ripe berries with a kombucha ice made from rose petals or doubles up on the tartness of sorrel sherbet with curls of barely sweetened rhubarb. Many of these can be ordered individually, a considerate option from a restaurant where on the wrong night the tasting menus can inch forward like the   local to New Haven. My last meal lasted more than four hours, for no discernible reason. There may be travelers, or even nontravelers, who would be happy with two courses and dessert. I’d suggest, though, that they stay away from the $68 “  hung beef” whatever flavor it picked up from hanging was stamped out by horseradish cream and horseradish leaves. In Denmark, Mr. Meyer is also active in delis, bakeries, a coffee roaster and other concerns. Last year, he moved to New York, and he is adapting to his new home with the same entrepreneurial energy. In Brooklyn, he has opened a bakery and a coffee roaster under the direction of a star of the Copenhagen caffeine scene named Omar Maagaard. Mr. Maagaard’s beans are brewed into Agern’s espresso and   which made me think for the first time that the people who compare coffee to great wine are not completely barking mad. And I say this having lived through five excruciating minutes during which coffee was brewed drop by drop atop a digital scale. (For tableside drama, digital scales run a distant third to sharp knives and open flames.) Following the   spirit, most of the other drinks are grown in the United States. Chad Walsh has put together a list of domestic wines, beers, spirits, cider and mead. (Strange things are happening in mead, a beverage that is pretty strange to begin with.) As you leave, you’re handed a cloth sack or two. Inside you may find a small sourdough loaf with a jar of butter or bright, freshly cooked raspberry jam. Or a bottle of   coffee. They could be advertisements for Mr. Meyer’s tentacular operations, I suppose, but ads rarely taste so good the next day.",0
12487,Putin tells the West of its own problems,"Putin tells the West of its own problems 28.10.2016 Source: Kremlin.ru On October 17, President Vladimir Putin , when visiting Sochi, delivered a speech at the plenary session of Valdai International Discussion Club. Most of his speech was dedicated to Russia's foreign policy and r elations with Western countries . America is not a banana country, but a great superpower Print version Font Size All the talks about Russia's alleged interference in the US election process are nothing but hysteria, he said. ""The list of mythical and concocted problems includes the ongoing hysteria - I can not call it otherwise - about Russia's influence on the course of the current election of the American president,"" Putin said, TASS reports. According to Putin, the United States is currently facing a plethora of problems - from the enormous public debt to police violence. ""Yet, it appears that the US elites have nothing to say to their people, to calm down the society. It is much easier to divert people's attention to so-called Russian hackers, spies, agents of influence, and so on."" ""Does anyone really think that Russia can somehow influence the choice of the American people? Is America a banana country or what? America is a great superpower, correct me, if I'm wrong,"" Putin said. Putin regrets Russia can not maintain a powerful propaganda machine comparable to Western media. ""I'll tell you, dear colleagues, I'd like to have such a propaganda machine in Russia. But it is, unfortunately, not the case. We have no such global media outlets like CNN, the BBC and others. We have no such opportunities yet,"" RIA Novosti quoted President Putin as saying. Vladimir Putin said that US presidential candidate Donald Trump represents the interests of ordinary Americans who are tired of the elites that have been in power in the United States for decades. ""As for Mr. Trump, he chose, apparently, his own way to reach out to voters' hearts. What kind of a way is it? Of course, he behaves extravagantly, we all see it, but I think that all that is not so pointless,"" Putin said. ""He represents the interests of ordinary people, who criticize those who have been in power for decades,"" he said adding that Trump represents the interests of ""those who do not like the transfer of power by inheritance.""One of the participants of the meeting said, making references to reports in Western mass media, that Russia supports Donald Trump in the American presidential election.In Putin's view, such an opinion has been formed by those who defend Hillary Clinton's interests in the presidential race. ""How do they do it? First off, they create an image of the enemy in the form of Russia, and then announce that Trump is our favorite. This is absolute nonsense and a way of political struggle, a way to manipulate public opinion on the eve of the presidential election in the United States,"" said Putin. Russia can attack NATO countries? Speculations about Russia being a military threat to NATO are ridiculous, the Russian president said. ""In the West, they constantly invent fictional mythical threats like Russia's military threat. But the fact is, Russia is not going to attack anyone, this is ridiculous. I have read your analytical materials - not only the materials of those present in this room, but the materials by analysts from the United States, from Europe - this is impossible, simply silly and unrealistic. In Europe alone, there are 300 million, all are members of NATO, the United States is a 600-million-strong nation, and Russia has about 146 million people. This is simply funny to just talk about it,"" Putin said. According to him, the true leadership in the modern world is not about the efforts to invent ephemeral threats and then use them to subjugate others. A true leader needs to see real problems and take efforts to solve them. ""This is how Russia understands her role today in world affairs,"" said Putin.Putin also criticized NATO for not adapting the alliance to the new conditions that have emerged in the world since the Cold War. ""The structures created during the Cold War have apparently outlived themselves. NATO is not adapting itself to the new conditions, even though they talk about it all the time,"" the president said. NATO strengthens defenses in the countries located along the border with Russia, amid growing concerns about the strengthening of Moscow's military potential . The decision on the deployment of NATO's four additional battalions in Eastern Europe and the Baltic countries (Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania) was adopted at the NATO summit on July 8, 2016, in response to Russia's actions in Ukraine. Terrorists are always smarter and stronger Using terrorists in one's political interests is ""a very dangerous game,"" the Russian leader said in his speech. ""Once again, I want to address to such players: in this case, extremists are smarter, wiser and stronger than you, and when you play with them, you will always lose,"" Putin said. ""The terrorist attacks of recent years in Boston and other American cities, in Paris, Brussels, Nice, in German cities, and, unfortunately, in our country, have shown that terrorists no longer need either cells or organizational structures - they can act alone, independently, it is enough to only motivate them ideologically and set them against their enemy - against us all,"" the Russian president said. Aleppo and Mosul Putin rejected the criticism of Russia for the bombings of Aleppo and reminded of civilian casualties in Iraq, Afghanistan and Yemen. The president compared the siege of Aleppo with the offensive on Mosul, which the Iraqi army has been conducting with the participation of the United States. According to Putin, terrorists shot about 200 people there while trying to stop the advance of the Iraqi army. ""Let's not forget it,"" the Russian president said.As Putin said, in Aleppo one needs to destroy the nest of the terrorists, while doing everything possible to avoid civilian casualties. ""If you do not want to touch anything, then one should not attack Mosul either, let's just leave everything as it is,"" Putin said. Putin also said that civilians are killed not only in Aleppo, but also in Yemen and Afghanistan, where they kill people right at their wedding parties. ""I think bells should be tolling for all of those innocent victims,"" he said. Putin stated that it will not be possible to stop the bloodshed and start a political process in Syria. ""It would seem that after long negotiations, enormous efforts and complex trade-offs, the united front against terrorism has finally started forming, but that did not happen. Our personal agreements with the President of the United States did not work,"" Interfax quoted Putin as saying. Today, if some countries benefit from certain standards or rules, they force other countries and everyone else to obey them too. However, if these standards subsequently become an obstacle, ""they throw them in a bin, say that they have become obsolete and then set new rules."" This strategy was used to attack Belgrade, Iraq, then in Afghanistan and Libya. The operation was launched without the appropriate resolution from the UN Security Council. Some superpowers, Putin said, in an attempt to take advantage of the international situation, have broken the international legal regime that prohibited the deployment of new missile defense systems. They have also created international terrorist groups and supplied weapons to them, even though the brutality of those groups makes millions of people leave their homes and migrate, plunging other countries into chaos. ""We can see the freedom of trade being sacrificed and so-called sanctions being used to put political pressure. Bypassing the World Trade Organization, they are trying to form closed economic alliances with rigid rules and barriers, where main beneficiaries are their own transnational corporations,"" Putin said. ""It is obvious that economic cooperation should be mutually beneficial and based on common universal principles, so that each state could become a full-fledged participant in global economic life, - said Putin. - In the medium term, the trend for the regionalization of world economy will continue, but regional trade agreements should complement and develop, rather than substitute universal norms and rules."" Pravda.Ru",0
12488,Before It All Began: DML’s Spot-On Prediction of the 2016 Race,"by Dean Daniels / November 7, 2016 / POLITICS / 
In the summer of 2015 before the current presidential race ignited, and two weeks before Trump announced his candidacy, DML gave a compelling speech during his tour in the state of Massachusetts. In front of an audience at a small town synagogue, the award-winning businessman and conservative commentator laid out the key component that he believed would catapult any presidential candidate above all the others: “putting Americans first.” 
DML emphasizes during his “Americans first” speech that the number one issue in America is immigration. He explains in crystal clear detail how immigration, both legal and illegal, goes beyond party identification. He says “it’s not a Democrat or Republican issue — it’s an American issue.” 
Having traveled the country by car exploring the idea of running for president himself, DML got a real sense for what concerned Americans most. Therefore, he knew before the rest of us that the ideal candidate of 2016 would be someone who has the audacity and the courage to tell the American people he or she will commit to the deportation of illegal immigrants. 
“Remember, it’s not an anti-immigration; it’s an anti-illegal immigration; and it’s about being pro-America.” 
While putting Americans first would have been DML’s campaign theme had he chosen to run for the highest office in the land, this strategy was instead adopted by none other than Donald J.Trump. This is one major reason why DML has supported Trump since day one. 
Trump has done more than proven DML correct. Trump has proven how powerful the “ Americans first” ideology is during a day and age when progressive politicians like Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are catering to foreign workers and corporate donors at the expense of the American people who are left to rot on the back burner. 
Watch an excerpt from the speech, and then check out DML’s electoral map and how he sees Trump winning on Tuesday. 

Sign up to get breaking news alerts from Dennis Michael Lynch. Subscribe",0
12489,US Supreme Court justice groped female lawyer in 1999: Report,"US Supreme Court justice groped female lawyer in 1999: Report US Supreme Court justice groped female lawyer in 1999: Report By 0 40 
A female lawyer has accused US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas of sexually assaulting her in 1999, a report says. 
Moira Smith, who works as a corporate lawyer with an Alaska energy company, said the judge made unwanted sexual advances on her during a dinner party when she was 23-year-old, the National Law Journal reported on Thursday. 
She said Thomas grabbed and squeezed her buttocks several times during the party in Falls Church, Virginia. 
“Justice Thomas touched me inappropriately and without my consent,” Smith said. 
“He groped me while I was setting the table, suggesting I should sit ‘right next to him,’” Smith said. 
“He was 5 or 6 inches down and he got a good handful and he kept squeezing me and pulling me close to him,” she stated, according to the Journal . 
In a statement to the National Law Journal , Thomas, 68, dismissed the allegation as “preposterous”, saying that the incident “never happened.” 
Smith, currently vice…",0
12490,Secure Team: NASA Secret Military Robot Explodes! Meet Your Terminator 10/28/16 [VIDEO],"Click Here To Learn More About Alexandra's Personalized Essences Psychic Protection Click Here for More Information on Psychic Protection! Implant Removal Series Click here to listen to the IRP and SA/DNA Process Read The Testimonials Click Here To Read What Others Are Experiencing! Copyright © 2012 by Galactic Connection. All Rights Reserved. 
Excerpts may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Alexandra Meadors and www.galacticconnection.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of any material on this website without express and written permission from its author and owner is strictly prohibited. Thank you. 
Privacy Policy 
By subscribing to GalacticConnection.com you acknowledge that your name and e-mail address will be added to our database. As with all other personal information, only working affiliates of GalacticConnection.com have access to this data. We do not give GalacticConnection.com addresses to outside companies, nor will we ever rent or sell your email address. Any e-mail you send to GalacticConnection.com is completely confidential. Therefore, we will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. Continue reading... Galactic Connection 2016 | Design & Development by AA at Superluminal Systems Sign Up forOur Newsletter 
Join our newsletter to receive exclusive updates, interviews, discounts, and more. Join Us!",0
12491,La mejor región y el segundo mejor país para viajar en 2017 están en Latinoamérica - RT,"La mejor región y el segundo mejor país para viajar en 2017 están en Latinoamérica Publicado: 26 oct 2016 19:24 GMT 
La lista se basa en la selección de los autores, editores y la comunidad de viajeros de la revista 'Lonely Planet'. Flickr / Mark Rowland Síguenos en Facebook 
La mayor guía turística del mundo, 'Lonely Planet', ha publicado su lista de mejores destinos para viajar en el próximo año: la conocida como Best in Travel 2017 incluye 10 países, ciudades y regiones de todo el planeta. La selección ha sido realizada por los autores, editores y la comunidad de viajeros de la publicación. Países 
Canadá lidera la clasificación como mejor país para visitar en 2017 gracias a su nuevo primer ministro, Justin Trudeau, que provocó en una ola de optimismo nacional a su llegada al cargo. Entre otros factores los autores del 'ranking' mencionan el bajo precio del dólar canadiense y los festejos del 150.º aniversario de la confederación. 
Le sigue Colombia, con su espectacular cambio en calidad de la vida y el fin a ""décadas de guerra civil y violencia"". En el 'top 10' también han entrado dos Estados caribeños: Dominica y Bermudas, en el cuarto y sexto lugar respectivamente. 
1. Canadá ",0
12492,NYPD Source: Weiner Laptop Has Enough Evidence “to Put Hillary … Away for Life”,"Leave a reply 
Selwyn Duke – Sex crimes with children, child exploitation, money laundering, perjury, and pay to play, reads the partial list of crimes that, say New York City Police Department sources, could “put Hillary and her crew away for life.”Shocking evidence of such criminality has been found on ex-congressman Anthony Weiner’s laptop computer, say the sources, which was seized from him by NYC officials investigating his allegedly having sent sexually explicit texts to a 15-year-old girl. Moreover, Hillary Clinton’s “crew” supposedly includes not just close aide and confidante Huma Abedin and her husband, Weiner, but other aides and insiders — and even members of Congress. Reports True Pundit : 
NYPD sources said these new emails include evidence linking Clinton herself and associates to: • Money laundering • Sex crimes with minors (children) • Perjury • Pay to play through Clinton Foundation • Obstruction of justice • Other felony crimes 
NYPD detectives and a [sic] NYPD Chief, the department’s highest rank under Commissioner, said openly that if the FBI and Justice Department fail to garner timely indictments against Clinton and co- conspirators, NYPD will go public with the damaging emails now in the hands of FBI Director James Comey and many FBI field offices. 
“What’s in the emails is staggering and as a father, it turned my stomach,” the NYPD Chief said. “There is not going to be any Houdini-like escape from what we found. We have copies of everything. We will ship them to Wikileaks or I will personally hold my own press conference if it comes to that.” 
These revelations would explain why Director Comey reopened the investigation into Clinton’s mishandling of classified information, a move that shook the political world and caused Comey to come under fire. As the NYPD chief put it, the new e-mails contents truly are “alarming.” 
True Pundit also reports FBI sources as stating that Abedin and Weiner are both trying to cut immunity deals with federal officials and that, if they didn’t cooperate, they’d face long prison sentences. Abedin’s turning state’s evidence would no doubt be devastating for Clinton, as the two women have for years been joined at the hip. Abedin has at times been like Clinton’s shadow, has been called her “body woman,” and has even been rumored to be Clinton’s lesbian lover. So Abedin likely knows where, as is said, the bodies are buried. 
Of particular note, the new e-mails allegedly contain information revealing that Hillary, Bill Clinton, Weiner, and numerous congressmen took trips to convicted billionaire pedophile Jeffrey Epstein’s private island, where he is said to pimp out underage minors of both sexes to prominent people. The trips were taken aboard Epstein’s Boeing 747, dubbed the “Lolita Express”; the pedophile’s island, in the US Virgin Islands, has been called “ Sex Slave Island .” 
These revelations would also explain why Clinton used powerful software called BleachBit to scrub damning information from her private server. According to BleachBit’s website, its program gives criminals and others the ability to “shred files to hide their contents and prevent data recovery.” 
Yet it can’t scrub bumbling perverts from your personal life, and Weiner’s laptop also contains incriminating e-mails revealing the mishandling of classified information by Abedin and Clinton, say the sources. Both women “sent and received thousands of classified and top secret documents to personal email accounts,” and this information could have been “accessed, printed, discussed, leaked, or distributed by untold numbers … of unknown individuals,” writes True Pundit . 
Consequently, FBI sources say the new Clinton investigation has been broadened and now includes matters such as how, informs True Pundit : • Abedin forwarded classified and top secret State Department emails to Weiner’s email • Abedin stored emails, containing government secrets, in a special folder shared with Weiner warehousing over 500,000 archived State Department emails. • Weiner had access to these classified and top secret documents without proper security clearance to view the records • Abedin also used a personal yahoo address and her Clintonemail.com address to send/receive/store classified and top secret documents • [a] private consultant managed Weiner’s site for the last six years, including three years when Clinton was secretary of state, and therefore, had full access to all emails as the domain’s listed registrant and administrator via Whois email contacts. 
This story just adds more intrigue to a presidential campaign that is truly unprecedented, with a torrent of WikiLeaks and Project Veritas revelations and now Clinton’s Weiner woes. From vote fraud to inciting violence to child sex abuse to pay-for-play to perjury, it’s becoming clear to many that the Democratic Party — and the Clintons in particular — are essentially a criminal syndicate. 
As former assistant FBI director James Kallstrom said in a Sunday interview, “The Clintons, that’s a crime family, basically. It’s like organized crime. I mean the Clinton Foundation is a cesspool…. God forbid we put someone like that [Clinton] in the White House.” And now we know better why, as I wrote Sunday, this “appears standard FBI sentiment. I personally know of an ex-agent — someone with knowledge of Clinton ‘crime family’ dealings — who I’m told is having trouble sleeping at night due to the prospect of a Clinton presidency.” 
All these revelations raise important questions: How could Hillary Clinton and her cohorts have bumbled so badly that they appear a cross between Inspector Clouseau and Boss Tweed ? 
And if Clinton is so careless with her own personal survival, how can she be trusted with national survival? 
Part of the explanation is general incompetence, yet there’s another factor: Both Clintons have engaged in continual criminality over the decades — and have been allowed to skate at every turn. This lack of accountability has led to complacency and ever-increasing brazenness, just as with a child never punished for wrongdoing. 
So, finally, perhaps, Clinton corruption has reached critical mass. And with Donald Trump ahead 10 points (according to one respected poll) among the 88 percent of voters who have definitely made up their minds, maybe, come late Tuesday evening, some tossing and turning FBI agents will finally be able to enjoy a good night’s rest. SF Source The New American Nov. 2016 Share this:",0
12493,Jeff Bezos Wants to Improve Amazon Delivery Service... to the Moon - Breitbart,"Amazon boss Jeff Bezos wants to apply the same principles used in Amazon’s developing delivery services to bring supplies to the future population of the moon. [After The Washington Post obtained a copy of the confidential “white paper” that Bezos’ space company Blue Origin is passing on to Trump’s transition team, the company verified its authenticity. And while Elon Musk’s SpaceX rushes to beat Trump’s own lunar ambitions, Bezos is focused on the logistics of something a little more permanent than private sightseeing excursions.  Blue Origin want to deliver cargo to the moon, paving the way for sustained human colonization of our natural satellite. They’ve even picked a spot for this potential real estate  —   a cheery little crater near the moon’s south pole, with access to water via ice hidden in the crater’s shadows, and enough consistent sunlight to make use of solar energy. The thought of lunar expansion has managed to whet the appetites of several companies, who are already offering their own ideas for involvement. One such example is Bigelow Aerospace. Its founder, Robert Bigelow, wants to adapt the design of their BEAM habitat, currently docked with the International Space Station. He wants to create an orbital depot to house supplies and medical facilities. According to Bigelow, venturing toward Mars is “premature. ” As for the moon? Bigelow asserts that “We have the technology. We have the ability, and the potential for a terrific business case. ” For his part, Bezos believes that “if you go to the moon first, and make the moon your home, then you can get to Mars more easily. ” Bezos says that this project “only be done in partnership with NASA,” and believes that “[Blue Origin’s] liquid hydrogen expertise and experience with precision vertical landing offer the fastest path to a lunar lander mission. ” He is personally “excited about this,” to the point of investing his own money “alongside NASA,” to make sure they get there. “Blue Moon is all about   delivery of mass to the surface of the Moon,” according to the Amazon boss. “Any credible first lunar settlement will require that capability” But all of this is just the beginning of Blue Origin’s ambitions. Their first proposed mission hopes to be just the first in “a series of increasingly capable missions. ” We’ll have to wait to see whether President Trump and his advisors are as excited about the possibilities as Bezos himself. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.",0
12494,Toby Young ‘far fetched’ say benefit claimants,"October 28, 2016 
A row has broken out over a review of Ken Loach’s new film, “I, Daniel Blake” with several benefit claimants refusing to believe that its author, Toby Young, could possibly have happened. Young’s review in The Mail, in which he described Loach’s representation of common DWP practices such as delaying appeals and giving out benefit sanctions for minor errors as “far fetched”, was met with anger and incredulity in online forums. However, many of the claimants who were involved in researching the film have simply denied that Young was even real. 
Said Sarah, 41, who claims ESA for chronic Parkinson’s and has been forced to make several appeals, “Toby Young simply doesn’t ring true. We’re meant to believe that he’s a journalist, but he’s more of a lefty’s version of what a Daily Mail reviewer ought to be like. Where is the research, the information? I can’t really believe that journalism’s that bad, it just isn’t credible.” Jack, 47, who has been sanctioned twice on JSA, was more forthright: “This is a fraud. Everyone knows that it’s easy to impersonate a journalist and the idea that this so-called “Toby Young”, if that is what he’s really called, bears any resemblance to how things are on the ground is simply ludicrous”. 
The Daily Mail have hit back, saying Toby Young was “the genuine article” and that “if we didn’t give an outlet to marginalised Oxbridge graduates with appalling senses of entitlement, then there was a real danger that their voices might be drowned out by the cries of the needy and the vulnerable”. Mental health campaigners have also responded angrily, saying that Young was “clearly delusional”, needing “help rather than disbelief”. The DWP have refused to get involved in the row and, when asked to comment, a spokesman merely spat on the ground and gave me a piecing stare. andyiong",0
12495,Top university stole millions from taxpayers by faking global warming research,"Top university stole millions from taxpayers by faking global warming research 
  J. D. Heyes (NaturalNews) The 'global warming/climate change' charade is bad enough in that it is nothing more than a politically motivated ""issue"" used by globalists of all political stripes to gain more control over the world's population.But now it's costing some citizens scarce tax dollars.As reported by The Daily Caller , a top university in Britain has been caught stealing millions of taxpayer dollars from a federal budget that is chronically in the red just to produce phony global warming data .A global warming research center at the London School of Economics received millions of dollars (pounds) from UK taxpayers after taking credit for research it did not perform.The UK's Daily Mail noted further that the UK government provided £9 million ($11 million in US dollars) in funding to the Centre for Climate Change Economics and Policy (CCCEP) in exchange for research that was never done. Massive scientific fraud regarding 'global warming' A number of papers that CCCEP claimed to have published to receive government funding were not even about global warming and were written before the organization was even founded, or written by researchers who were not affiliated with the center. Worse, government officials never bothered to check CCCEP's alleged publication lists, saying instead they were ""taken on trust,"" according to a recently released report.""It is serious misconduct to claim credit for a paper you haven't supported, and it's fraud to use that in a bid to renew a grant,"" Professor Richard Tol, a climate economics expert from Sussex University whose research was reportedly stolen by CCCEP, told the Daily Mail . ""I've never come across anything like it before. It stinks.""The center's chairman since 2008 has been Nick Stern, a well-known global advocate for more policy action supposedly aimed at combating climate change. In addition he is also the president of the British Academy, an invitation-only society that is reserved for the academic elite and which disburses grant money in the millions of pounds to researchers, as well as Lord Stern's own organization.In recent days the CCCEP, which is jointly based at the London School of Economics and the University of Leeds, hosted a gala event that was attended by experts and officials from around the world. The occasion: A celebration to mark the 10th anniversary of the Stern Review, a 700-page report detailing the alleged economic impact of climate change, a review that was commissioned by Tony Blair's government.The massive paper claimed that the world must take immediate action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions or face dramatically higher costs in the future. The review exerted a great amount of power and influence on a series of British governments, as well as international organizations.But now the report's contents and conclusions are in serious doubt. Not the first time global warming data has been FAKED Following the Daily Mail 's report, CCCEP spokesman Bob Ward admitted the organization had ""made mistakes,"" in both claiming credit for studies it did not perform and foro papers that were actually researched and published by other academics.Academics and experts whose work was falsely represented were furious, including one who said CCCEP's actions were ""a clear case of fraud – using deception for financial gain,"" The DC reported.Studies receiving financial support from the public sector are not required to disclose it as an ethical conflict of interest, even when financial support is in the millions of dollars. The DC noted that recent studies in the United States, which the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) uses to support the 'scientific' case for its massive new power plant regulations, the Clean Power Plan, saw the agency give $32.1 million, $9.5 million, and $3.65 million in public funds to lead authors – all of whom essentially provided the agency with the 'results' it wanted.As Natural News founder and editor Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, reported in June 2014 , this isn't the first time so-called global warming/climate change data has been faked. Sources:",0
12496,The Real Reason Behind Saakashvili's Resignation,"November 8, 2016 -  Ruslan Ostashko, PolitRussia - translated by J. Arnoldski -  


One of the symbols of the “new Ukraine”, the ex-Georgian president, fugitive, and part-time governor of Odessa, Mikhail Saakashvili, has announced his resignation, which came as a shock and to the dismay of Ukrainian citizens, who for some reason had great political hopes for him. I’ll leave aside the discussion of how Saakashvili’s biography, character, and addiction to hard narcotics couldn't possibly leave anything good to be expected from him. What is more interesting to discuss are the motives behind his resignation and explaining whether this is connected to the American elections.  
Before delving into this, let’s immediately eliminate two entirely untenable theories which nevertheless have a number of supporters on social networks.  
Untenable theory number one is that Saakashvili has some kind of insider information that the US elections will be won by Hillary Clinton, and that he was warned in advance to secure a good starting position in the new American leadership’s Ukraine strategy. I understand the appeal of this theory, but I can’t agree with it. Saakashvili can hope that Clinton will win, and he can pray for her victory, but he cannot know the results of the US elections or possess any top insider secrets. For those who doubt this, let me remind you of two episodes. 
The first episode was in 2008, when Saakashvili was 100% sure that America would completely sign up to back him against Russia. Well, how did that 'insider knowledge' work out? 
The second episode was just recently, in this year, when he spoke of his future triumphant return to Georgia, apparently hoping that the Americans would falsify the results of the Georgian parliamentary elections in favor of his party. The Americans could have done this, but they didn’t. His party lost the elections by a landslide. 
Thus, the image of Saakashvili as a super insider can be very appealing, but it does not correspond to reality. 
The second untenable theory is that Saakashvili left for internal Ukrainian reasons or was forced to leave by ‘disgruntled Odessans.” Contemporary Ukraine is a territory full of national injustice. Local, regional, and national authorities couldn’t care less about dissatisfied citizens, whether in Odessa, Kiev, Zaporozhya, and so on. They also don’t care about their approval ratings. Saakashvili was given Odessa to “eat up,” and the people who took this decision to quarter a US mercenary in Ukraine are clearly not the ones sitting in Kiev.  
Given this, it can be supposed that the version that the former Georgian president, famous for his greed, left his post because of tensions within Ukraine is in the least a strange theory. 
And now about Saakashvili’s gesture. Apparently, he really needed to officially distance himself from Poroshenko who, from the point of view of many Western experts, has fulfilled almost all of the tasks in Ukraine that he was given. Even better was Saakashvili putting the emphasis on conflict with Poroshenko.  
The new US president, whoever it will be, will be forced to do something with this situation, and the fact is not too far off that the decision will be made to do some behind-the-scenes spanking. 
The scenario of backstage spanking, reducing salaries, and rinsing dirty laundry in the media is the best thing that could happen to Poroshenko under any new American administration. 
Saakashvili is pretending that he has nothing at all to do with what has and is happening in Ukraine. For him, it would be ideal if Washington believed that he has no relation to Poroshenko, doesn’t know Kolomoysky, and has never seen Yatsenyuk, but had instead been somehow dragged into the mess created by the US’ political puppets in Ukraine. 
Under these circumstances, distancing himself is a good strategy, but Saakashvili has run into an obstacle. He should have distanced himself earlier. Now this trick might not work. 
The former Georgian president is now demonstrating a kind of behavior which is really familiar in Russia and which is difficult to be misconstrued. What does a regional official who has thieved or failed at an important project do when he learns that a check up is soon coming from Moscow? The pattern of behavior has not changed since the times of the USSR, believe me. This official immediately flies to the capital and tries to, so to say, resolve issues in a small circle of interested associates. Saakashvili and his team have failed in two spheres of work, the Georgian and Ukrainian ones. In Georgia, he lost elections, and in Ukraine he failed to create a success story out of Odessa. The Americans needed such success stories and Saakashvili 100% promised them something of the sort.  
Now Saakashvili is covering his weak spots and unleashing into the information field the theory that he failed as governor only because of corrupt Kiev and interference by Poroshenko himself and his entourage. 
Surely, Saakashvili has already written something in this spirit to Washington and is now simply publicly confirming his position and line of defense. If he gains the nerve, then he could try to ask the new US administration (and he has friends among both the Republicans and the Democrats) for a promotion, to let him steer something in Kiev, or participate in a new political project in Ukraine. 
Considering that the Americans love to arrange political shows in which some political puppets are replaced by other political puppets under cries of fighting against corruption, then this might just work out for him. 
Saakashvili’s actions are a very bad sign for Poroshenko. Poroshenko has no good way out of the unfolding situation. It may very well be that he has been left with only two paths: one to Rostov and the other to the gallows. 
Saakashvili’s actions are also a possible sign that the Americans will radically shake up the Ukrainian political elite and bring real freaks and misfits to the forefront. For us, this is more good than bad. Any sudden movements could finish off the government system in Ukraine and lead to the delegitimization of the regime in Kiev, especially if outright Nazis come to power there. 

For us, this collapse of the administrative system and the delegitimization of the government in Ukraine is good, even if Saakashvili earns something out of this.  

     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
12497,Leaked Memo: Is Soros Planning ‘Series of Color Revolutions’ in Southeast Asia?,"=By= Ekaterina Bilnova Editor's Note Does Soros count as a non-state or a quasi-state actor? I am not sure sometimes, but it is indeed worrisome that an individual has the resources and connections to even attempt a color revolution. However, a similar “rocking of the boat” has been taking place in the U.S. with Ayles and the Koch brothers bankrolling a deep right revolution of the government. W ikileaks’ Podesta Files shed light on US billionaire George Soros’ deep concerns about the lack of “freedom” and “constitutional democracy” in Malaysia under Najib Razak. Soros’ concerns may serve as a prelude for a series of “color revolutions” in Southeast Asia, Mathew Maavak of Universiti Teknologi Malaysia assumed in an interview with Sputnik.
The latest set of documents released by Wikileaks indicates that George Soros and his Open Society Foundation are very concerned about the situation in Malaysia, one of the US’ longstanding allies in Southeast Asia. 
A memo , sent by Michael Vachon, US billionaire George Soros’“right hand,” on March 6, 2016, to Chairman of Clinton’s presidential campaign John Podesta shed light on the Malaysian “corruption crisis” and blamed the country’s Prime Minister Najib Razak for “damaging the US’ credibility in the region.” 
“Malaysia could one day be a good ally of the United States in countering Islamic State [Daesh in Arabic] extremism, but not before it has achieved the freedom and constitutional democracy that its people have been denied,” the memo read. However, it seems that the US financial and political elite have yet another reason to be dissatisfied with the Malaysian prime minister, besides his alleged involvement in corruption scandal. “Malaysian Prime Minster Najib Razak heads to China next week to build closer ties and seek investment, which may further dent US aims in Southeast Asia after a push by President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines to bolster China ties,” Reuters reported Thursday. Both Malaysia and the Philippines have long been in dispute with China over the South China Sea . However, Kuala Lumpur may follow in the footsteps of Manila, seeking to ease tensions with Beijing in exchange for economic benefits, the media outlet assumed. So, what did Soros mean by highlighting the need for democratic change in Malaysia? ‘There is no Business like the Revolutions Business’ “First and foremost, one needs to understand Soros and his business model,” Mathew Maavak, a doctoral researcher in Risk Foresight at Universiti Teknologi Malaysia (UTM) and regular contributor to CCTV told Sputnik. “There is no business like the ‘revolutions business.’ It is more lucrative than the show business which can flop due to an unforeseen shortcoming. Revolutions, on the other hand, only need to tap into the evergreen market of public discontent. NGOs and the West-friendly media constitute a major subsidiary of the global social revolutions enterprise. Together, they seek out, identify and amplify public discontent in nations not aligned to the United States. Such US-engineered activisms have never led to more equitable societies; rather they have engendered endless bloodshed and global terrorism,” the researcher emphasized. Maavak dubbed these human rights entities and philanthropists “agitprop entrepreneurs.” “To the agitprop entrepreneur, the returns on revolutionary investments are immense,” he underscored. “A wealthy hedge fund manager can short a targeted market before executing a pre-planned ‘revolution.’ The resultant stock market and currency meltdown would provide self-evidentiary ‘proof’ to an anxious public, exerting more pressure on the government of the day to either capitulate or concede to ‘popular demands’ that are actually drafted abroad, likely by the IMF!” “Therefore, even if a revolution fails, the subsequent economic fallout would render local assets cheap for foreign acquisition,” the researcher remarked. Soros’ Alleged Role in Asian Financial Crisis of 1997 Maavak referred the Asian financial crisis in 1997, which started in Thailand with the financial collapse of the Thai baht, the country’s national currency. “That seemed like Soros business plan for Malaysia and the ASEAN region during the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis,” he noted. Indeed, some observers blame George Soros for the slump. South China Morning Post’s columnist Zhou Xin went even further, stressing that Soros, “whose aggressive currency trades were blamed for destroying the Thai and Malaysian economies” in 1997 made yet another attempt to destabilize Asia’s economies by targeting Hong Kong markets in 1998. “The entire region was in turmoil, and the name of George Soros featured prominently in this sordid saga. The ‘Reformasi’ [protest] movement led by sacked [Malaysian] Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim — who had close to ties to Washington hawks — failed to topple the government of the day,” Maavak recalled. The Reformasi, kicked off in September 1998, consisted of civil disobedience, demonstrations, sit-ins, rioting, occupations and online activism, involving thousands across Malaysia protesting against the government. However, despite execrating Soros for his role in shorting the Malaysian currency, the ringgit, and for supporting the Reformasi movement, former Malaysian Prime Minister Dr. Mahathir Mohamad did little to stem the vast NGO and alternative media networks that were being built by the Open Society Foundation and its affiliates, backed by the US State Department, Maavak pointed out. “There was a good reason for Mahathir’s lack of decisiveness, apart from the occasional arrests and police raids,” Maavak suggested, “Upon stepping down from power, he used these same networks to oust his successor Abdullah Ahmad Badawi, and is now using the same Fifth Column to attempt the ouster of current Prime Minister Najib Razak.” A Series of Domino ‘Color Revolutions’ in Southeast Asia “Without chaos in ASEAN, Soros and the transnational capitalist class may stand to lose a lot of money,” the researcher suggested. “They need Najib ousted as a prelude to a series of domino ‘color revolutions’ in the region. In Malaysia, the color chosen was yellow and it is used by the Bersih (Clean) coalition that probably sees [Democratic presidential nominee] Hillary Clinton as the paragon of virtue and transparent governance,” he assumed. Maavak’s prognosis is by no means groundless, given the fact that ASEAN countries have signaled their willingness to strengthen their ties with China, drifting away from Washington. “Washington has suffered geopolitical setbacks in virtually every nation in Asia Pacific,” Tony Cartalucci, a Bangkok-based geopolitical analyst, noted in his recent article for New Eastern Outlook, stressing that the US’ influence is rapidly waning across the Asia Pacific region . 
Bidding for hegemony in Asia Pacific US financial and political elite will do whatever it takes to curtail China’s influence and pressure ASEAN economies into obeying Washington, according to Maavak. 
Note to Commenters Due to severe hacking attacks in the recent past that brought our site down for up to 11 days with considerable loss of circulation, we exercise extreme caution in the comments we publish, as the comment box has been one of the main arteries to inject malicious code. Because of that comments may not appear immediately, but rest assured that if you are a legitimate commenter your opinion will be published within 24 hours. If your comment fails to appear, and you wish to reach us directly, send us a mail at: editor@greanvillepost.com 
We apologize for this inconvenience. Nauseated by the Had enough of their lies, escapism, omissions and relentless manipulation?",0
12498,Cartel Radio Network Found near Texas Border,"PIEDRAS NEGRAS, Coahuila  —   Authorities in this border city have seized two radio repeaters used by Los Zetas cartel as part of an underground communication network. [Over various days, members of the Coahuila Attorney General’s Office and Fuerza Coahuila had been carrying out an intelligence operation aimed at tracking down the illicit communication network, Coahuila’s Secretary of State Victor Zamorano revealed in a prepared statement. The network was used by members of organized crime to remain in constant communication and relay the position of law enforcement forces.   The two radio repeaters and other equipment were found by police in various houses throughout the city. Authorities did not release the exact addresses, claiming they are currently investigating the homeowners for criminal ties.  As Breitbart Texas has been reporting, the border state of Coahuila has a long history of being under the control of Los Zetas and most recently under the faction called Cartel Del Noreste. For more than a year, the CDN and other Los Zetas factions such as Vieja Escuela Zetas (CDZ) or “Grupo Bravo” have been waging a fierce war for control of lucrative drug trafficking routes in various parts of Mexico including Tamaulipas, Nuevo Leon and Coahuila. As part of their regular operations, Mexican drug cartels use radio communication networks to maintain control of their areas. As Breitbart Texas has reported, in the border city of Reynosa, the Gulf Cartel has been using a radio communication network and video surveillance systems. Editor’s Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities.  The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by “J. M. Martinez” from Piedras Negras, Coahuila. ",0
12499,"Myths, misconceptions, and outright lies about nutrition are keeping people fat and sick","VIDEOS Myths, misconceptions, and outright lies about nutrition are keeping people fat and sick We tend to seek out information that confirms what we already believe instead of considering all points of view 
Fatty foods make you fat. 
Carbs make you fat. 
If you eat 1,200 calories a day, you will lose weight. 
Eat whatever you want in moderation. 
Low fat and no-fat foods will help you lose weight. 
Sugar-free foods will help you lose weight. 
The list above provides a few examples of common beliefs about dieting and nutrition. 
But the truth is far more complicated. Nutrition just isn’t that simple. 
Let’s take another look at those statements. 
Fatty foods make you fat. But ..a vocados and almonds are sources of healthful fats. 
Carbs make you fat. But …f ruits and vegetables are sources of carbohydrates. 
If you eat no more than 1,400 calories a day, you will lose weight. But … are the caloric needs of a 300 lb man and a 110 pound woman the same? 
Eat whatever you want, as long as it is in your daily calorie range. So. .. how does one determine how many calories he or she needs? Does this mean eating candy bars all day – as long as I stay in my calorie range – is okay? 
Low fat and no-fat foods will help you lose weight. But…does this mean I can eat low fat cookies and chips every day and still be healthy? 
Sugar-free foods will help you lose weight. So…I can eat as much of them as I want? 
Common beliefs about diet and nutrition are often vague, misleading, and open to interpretation, and can lead to incorrect assumptions, as the examples above show. 
And looking to experts for advice doesn’t necessarily make things any easier. 
It would seem that, in this age of marvelous technological advancement and state-of-the-art research facilities, we would have the ability to find definitive solutions to the diet-related problems that plague us. 
So, why don’t we? 
Research Challenges 
In a piece for The New York Times titled Why Nutrition Is So Confusing , science and health journalist Gary Taubes explored this question. 
Since the 1960s, nutrition science has been dominated by two conflicting observations. One is that we know how to eat healthy and maintain a healthy weight. The other is that the rapidly increasing rates of obesity and diabetes suggest that something about the conventional thinking is simply wrong. In 1960, fewer than 13 percent of Americans were obese, and diabetes had been diagnosed in 1 percent. Today, the percentage of obese Americans has almost tripled; the percentage of Americans with diabetes has increased sevenfold. 
I’m reminded of a quote that is often attributed to Albert Einstein: 
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again, but expecting different results. 
Taubes goes on to explain that in 1960, fewer than 1,100 articles on obesity and diabetes were published in medical literature. As of 2014, over 600,000 articles have been published that attempt to provide useful data on these health conditions. 
Yet, here we are, with higher rates of obesity, diabetes, and other diet-related health conditions than ever. 
It is possible, Taubes says, that the ever-increasing number of studies and books on dieting, obesity, and diabetes are “the noise generated by a dysfunctional research establishment.” 
Science – nutrition science in particular – has limitations, he explains: In nutrition, the hypotheses are speculations about what foods or dietary patterns help or hinder our pursuit of a long and healthy life. The ingenious and severe attempts to refute the hypotheses are the experimental tests — the clinical trials and, to be specific, randomized controlled trials. Because the hypotheses are ultimately about what happens to us over decades, meaningful trials are prohibitively expensive and exceedingly difficult. It means convincing thousands of people to change what they eat for years to decades. Eventually enough heart attacks, cancers and deaths have to happen among the subjects so it can be established whether the dietary intervention was beneficial or detrimental. 
Nutrition research also suffers from funding issues. Pharmaceutical companies and the like do not benefit from such studies, so they (understandably) do not want to pay for them. There’s no financial incentive to fund research on the benefits of whole foods. 
As a result, Taubes says, …we have a field of sort-of-science in which hypotheses are treated as facts because they’re too hard or expensive to test, and there are so many hypotheses that what journalists like to call “leading authorities” disagree with one another daily. 
In the article’s conclusion, Taubes says our current situation is unacceptable, and asks that we challenge ourselves to do what it takes to find answers. Obesity and diabetes are epidemic, and yet the only relevant fact on which relatively unambiguous data exist to support a consensus is that most of us are surely eating too much of something. My vote is sugars and refined grains; we all have our biases. (Author’s note: I am inclined to agree with Taubes regarding sugars and grains…at least for now.) 
Even when funding for studies IS available, problems are common, as Julia Belluz tells us in her Vox piece titled I asked 8 researchers why the science of nutrition is so messy. Here’s what they said. Take the Women’s Health Initiative, which featured one of the biggest and most expensive nutrition studies ever done. As part of the study, women were randomly assigned to two groups: One was told to eat a regular diet and the other a low-fat diet. They were then supposed to follow the diet for years. The problem? When researchers collected their data, it was clear that no one did what they were told. The two groups basically had followed similar diets. “They spent billions of dollars,” says Walter Willett, a Harvard physician and nutrition researcher, “and they never tested their hypothesis.” 
As most people who have tried to stick to any sort of weight loss protocol can testify, humans just aren’t good at sticking with a diet for more than a few days without slipping. This trait makes short-term studies easier to conduct, but those kinds of studies don’t measure long-term results. We can use the results of short-term studies to infer what long-term health effects may occur, but that requires a lot of guessing and assumption-making. 
It is also difficult (if not impossible) to control for what scientists call “confounding factors.” Here’s an example : Say you wanted to compare people who eat a lot of red meat with fish eaters over many decades. One hitch here is that these two groups might have other differences as well. (After all, they weren’t randomly assigned.) Maybe fish eaters tend to be higher-income or better-educated or more health-conscious, on average — and that’s what’s leading to the differences in health outcomes. Maybe red meat eaters are more likely to eat lots of fatty foods or smoke. 
People are diverse, and so are food sources and foods themselves – factors which further complicate research. Animal studies have limitations, because, well, animals aren’t humans, and have vast biological and lifestyle differences. 
Epidemiology, or the study of the patterns and causes of disease, is extremely difficult to do, as Kamal Patel, director at Examine.com , told Lifehacker : Nutritional epidemiology is a really, really tough thing to study. Harder than most other areas of health. Much harder than it sounds. Some people think “Oh nutrition! I know about food and nutrition! That’s much easier than some analyzing some obscure medication that I can’t even pronounce.” Wrong. Medication effects can be complex, but nutritional epidemiology makes that look like child’s play. … It’s easy to see how the public can get mixed messages. Research results are notoriously unpredictable, since only some of the total number of studies get published. Studies have a higher chance of getting published if they show positive results, and food and supplement manufacturers can keep funding trials until one gets published. Nutrients interact with each other, so the effects of any one nutrient are hard to predict, let alone the effect of any one food in the midst of a diet comprised of dozens or hundreds of foods. So while I don’t agree with everything Michael Pollan says, his message is generally on point: “Nutritionism” is bound to fail. If you obsess about your diet and individual nutrients, you not only lose the benefit of the occasional cronut or Thanksgiving dinner, but you lose the forest for the trees. Natural foods are what’s healthy, nutrients and the controversies they cause are what keeps research dollars flowing and flip-flops popping up every couple weeks. It’s important to get nutrients, but it’s wise to get them mostly through food, and only after that supplement what you need in a very targeted manner. 
Poorly designed research, different researchers studying the same effect but using different measurements and reporting outcomes differently, and researchers’ tendency to selectively report positive or “interesting” results all contribute to the already-murky nutrition science waters. 
Even well-done studies can produce contradictory results. 
Big Food Industry’s Influence 
dishonest clever marketing by the “food” industry all contribute to the confusion. 
When we have soft drink giant Coca-Cola creating its own “research” group and pasta companies paying for studies that “show” their products are linked to lower BMI (woooo boy was THAT study flawed!), well…you can see there are serious issues to contend with. 
**** 
Misinterpretation and Miscommunication of Findings 
If scientists can’t come to a consensus, how can journalists possibly get it right and report it to us – the end users – accurately? 
In the article Cancer, the Media, and the Misinterpretation of Studies: A Cautionary Tale , I explained how typographical errors and misinterpretations of findings can lead to flurries of articles with misleading titles and flawed information being distributed to the masses. This is another way that nutritional myths are born. 
Truthful claims can sound very similar to misleading or outright false ones, so pay close attention to wording. 
Science writer and educator Beth Skwarecki provides us with an excellent example: Vitamins are magical substances that will make you more healthy if you are deficient!” Well, yeah. That’s actually true. “Vitamins are magical substances that will make you more healthy!” Sounds similar, but it’s not the same, and it’s not true in most cases. Then you can substitute various other chemicals or superfoods for the word “vitamins” in that sentence. True claims and misleading ones sound very similar. 
**** 
As you can see, it isn’t that we are lacking information. On the contrary; we are drowning in it , much of it conflicting, some of it flawed, and a lot of it biased. 
So, what should we believe? 
All of the problems we discussed above might have left you feeling hopeless. 
But there’s some light at the end of the tunnel. 
The following are generally accepted as true. 
Artificial trans fats are dangerous . Saturated fat is not. You need fat in your diet . 
Eggs (especially the yolks) are very nutritious. Dietary cholesterol has not been proven to raise blood cholesterol or elevated risk of coronary heart disease. 
Butter , once believed to be terrible for health, is filled with vitamins, minerals, and beneficial fatty acids, and has anti-inflammatory properties. Raw, unpasteurized butter and cream contain a unique substance called the Wulzen factor , a hormone-like substance that prevents arthritis and joint stiffness. 
Coffee , chocolate , and nuts – all also labeled unhealthful in the past – have been shown to have nutritional benefits. 
Sugary beverages (sodas and juices) can damage health and are linked to excess body fat and type 2 diabetes. 
Most weight loss supplements will reduce your bank account, but not your body fat. 
The scale isn’t very useful for measuring health or body composition, and neither is BMI . 
You don’t have to count calories to lose weight. It works for some, but some people prefer tracking macronutrients like protein instead. 
Processed food package labels can be misleading and should be viewed with skepticism. Avoiding processed “foods” as much as possible is a good idea, speaking of that. Studies show we eat far too much of them, and we are paying for it dearly. 
A few more things to keep in mind… 
When reading about diet and nutrition, expect to find conflicting information on most topics. Sometimes the issue truly hasn’t been settled, and sometimes interpretation of the available data varies. 
Watch out for confirmation bias : We tend to seek out information that confirms what we already believe instead of considering all points of view. If you have already formed an opinion about something, intentionally search for information that conflicts with your current belief. It will be uncomfortable, but it is crucial to getting at the truth – which is what you want after all, isn’t it? 
Look at the sources referenced in articles or books about nutrition. If there aren’t any, be wary. Be VERY wary. 
Funding by industry doesn’t always mean a study is biased or flawed, but knowing who paid for the research is one factor you can use while weighing the findings (remember the Coca-Cola and pasta “studies” we talked about earlier?). 
Try searching public journals via PubMed or Google Scholar for studies. 
Parting Words 
Perhaps keeping it simple is the best answer. Maybe we’ve come full circle, and should go back to the basics. You really can’t go wrong with whole foods, exercise, fresh air, sunshine, clean water, and quality sleep . 
And of course, question everything – including what you read on this website. 
“Be careful about reading health books. Some fine day you’ll die of a misprint.” ― Markus Herz",0
12500,Boko Haram Video Appears to Show Bodies of Kidnapped Girls - The New York Times,"The militant group Boko Haram released a video on Sunday purporting to show the bodies of several kidnapped schoolgirls who fighters claim were killed by Nigerian airstrikes. A masked, camouflaged fighter who appeared in the   video said many of the schoolgirls had died in the strikes, according to the SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors militant jihadist groups. The unidentified fighter also demanded the release of imprisoned militants in exchange for the release of the girls. The strikes are part of a broader offensive by the Nigerian military to rid the region of Boko Haram. The abduction of  more than 250 schoolgirls from Chibok, a small village in northeastern Nigeria, more than two years ago set off global outrage and a social media campaign using the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls that got the attention of Michelle Obama. Hundreds of other girls and boys have also been kidnapped and murdered by the group. There was no immediate comment from the government or the military about the video, although President Muhammadu Buhari said last year that he was open to negotiating with the group. A spokesman for the Bring Back Our Girls campaign said the video appeared to be legitimate, noting that families of those kidnapped had recognized eight of the girls who appeared in the clip. “We are still reaching out to some parents to see if any can recognize more,” said Jeff Okoroafor, the spokesman for the group, which regularly holds rallies in Abuja, the Nigerian capital, to demand that the government find and rescue the girls. The video is among a handful that Boko Haram has posted online in recent days, as the militant group appears to have split into two factions, apparently over the killing of other Muslims and whether fellow believers should be spared. The group has targeted mosques and markets with suicide bombers, some of whom are young girls and boys. Hundreds of Muslims have been killed. Boko Haram pledged support to the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, last year, and two primary factions have emerged. One faction has been recognized by the Islamic State, which broadcast an interview with a new “governor” of the group, Abu Musab   in its online publication. Abubakar Shekau had been leading Boko Haram but had not been heard from in months until the release of a  voice recording on Aug. 3. Jacob Zenn, a security analyst and an African affairs specialist at the Jamestown Foundation, a research organization based in Washington, said it appeared that the girls in the video were in the custody of Mr. Shekau’s group. Logos seen in the video and a reference to Mr. Shekau as the leader indicated that it was produced by his faction, he said. Mr. Shekau’s faction “has significant logistics capabilities if it has been able to keep so many of the world’s most   girls hidden and captive for more than two years now,” Mr. Zenn said. Many analysts believe the girls have been divided among Boko Haram fighters and are scattered throughout the Sambisa Forest, where the Nigerian military has stepped up its offensive against the militants in a battle that has recently included airstrikes. In the video, the camera pans across a group of   girls cloaked in robes with hair coverings. At least one is holding a small child, a troubling reminder of fears that the girls have been forced to marry militants. The video cuts to a fighter in camouflage standing before them, calling on the government to release fighters. He conducts a brief interview with one of the girls, as others are grouped behind them. The last few minutes of the video show what appear to be the bodies of several dead girls. Earlier this year, members of Nigeria’s civilian militia found one of the kidnapped Chibok girls wandering in the forest. The girl, Amina Ali, was found with a baby and man claiming to be her husband, although the government said he was a member of Boko Haram. She told her family that the other girls from Chibok were still in the forest and that six of them had died.",0
12501,"Joy Reid: It’s ’Delicate’ Because While We Hope Scalise Recovers, We Can’t Ignore His History of Race, Gun Control - Breitbart","MSNBC “AM Joy” host Joy Reid reacted Saturday to House Majority Whip Rep. Steve Scalise’s ( ) shooting, calling it a “delicate” situation because she hopes he recovers but added she cannot ignore his history regarding race,   marriage and gun control.  “[I]t’s a delicate thing because everybody is wishing the congressman well and hoping that he recovers, but Steve Scalise has a history that we’ve all been forced to sort of ignore on race,” Reid said. “He did come to leadership after some controversy over attending a white nationalist event, which he says he didn’t know what it was. He also   a bill to amend the Constitution to define marriage as between a man and a woman. He voted for the House healthcare bill, which as you said would gut health care for millions of people, including three million children, and he   a bill to repeal the ban on   weapons. Because he is in jeopardy and everybody is pulling for him, are we required in a moral sense to put that aside at the moment?” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
12502,"John Bolton: I’m Concerned That U.S. Is Pushing Back on Israeli Settlements, Delaying Jerusalem Embassy Move","On Thursday’s Breitbart News Daily, SiriusXM host Alex Marlow asked former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton about the Trump administration’s evidently softening support for Israeli settlement construction. [“I’m concerned about it. I’m concerned about the fact that the embassy hasn’t been moved from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem,” Bolton said. “It has the mark of the kind of thinking you hear at the State Department, that questions like the final status of Jerusalem and the argument that settlements are an obstacle to peace. We’ve been hearing these kinds of arguments for 30 or 40 years, and they appear to have gained some traction. ”  “Now, I don’t want to read too much into it,” he added. “I’m not saying it’s the end of the world. But if you look at, for example, all of the campaign promises in effect that candidate Trump made, he’s really done an unbelievable job and showed, I think, he’s not a normal politician, in the number of those promises he’s already begun to fulfill or actually fulfilled. The embassy move is kind of conspicuous at this point, so I worry about it. ”  “I understand, and I would certainly advocate that when you’re ready to announce it, you’re going to need some very active diplomacy to calm our European friends down, to talk to our friends in the Arab world, to explain why it is we’re doing it. You need a strategy. You need to be prepared for it. I grant all that. But that doesn’t take forever to do, and we’re now approaching the third week. So I don’t know where the vibes are coming from, but I have to say that the fact that this has slowed down, and the comments about the settlements should lead us to ask, ‘What’s the story?’ I think we need to hear more from the administration on that point,” he said. “The State Department, all you have to do is tap them on the knee, and you get these kinds of responses. So it could be that somehow or another, this kind of thinking has wended its way over to the White House, and some people over there have been attracted to it, for reasons I don’t frankly understand,” Bolton suggested. “I mean, the ‘peace processers,’ as they’ve been called, have been at this for a long time, and ultimately it’s always Israel that has to strike the deal, as it did for Egypt and the Camp David accord, as it’s done with Jordan. Our theories about what’s going to lead to peace or what we think the best way to proceed is, is not necessarily as acutely aware of the sensitivities in the region as Israel is. ”  “We’re fortunate, I think, that Prime Minister Netanyahu, who will be coming next week, he and President Trump can sit down and hash all this out. Hopefully, both on Iran and on some of these things like the embassy and the settlements, maybe we’ll see some clarity emerge from that meeting,” he said. Bolton offered a fiery denunciation of British House of Commons Speaker John Bercow for effectively banning President Trump from speaking before Parliament. “This man is an embarrassment to the British Parliament,” he declared. “There are just any number of stories of his behavior. The position of Speaker of the House of Commons is not the same as in our system, the Speaker of the House of Representatives that Paul Ryan holds. It’s much more of a ceremonial position. This fellow Bercow, again for reasons I don’t understand, is a Conservative Party member, but he doesn’t follow the leadership. He’s a completely independent figure. That’s fine. That’s the British constitutional tradition. But somehow, they’ve gotten somebody who seems to think that he has some voice that gives him a role in British politics way beyond his capabilities. ” “I think Theresa May’s government, the prime minister, I’m sure she’s outraged at this and would like to try and find a way to correct it. Hopefully, she will,” he added. Marlow also asked Bolton about a new Rasmussen poll that shows Democrats believe Muslims in the United States are worse off than Christians in the Middle East. “I hadn’t heard of that poll, but that is simply bizarre,” Bolton responded. “If you go to the U. S. Commission on International Religious Freedom or look at any number of people who have studied this question of the persecution of Christians around the world  —   former Senator Joe Lieberman refers to it often  —   you can see the real threat that they’re under. ”  “Right in the Middle East now, the Christians in Syria affected by ISIS and the civil war there, they’re the ones we should be granting refugee status to in the United States. But they’re even afraid to come into the refugee camps because the extremists are dominant there, and they’re worried they’ll be in danger even in U. N. refugee camps. So how people can come to that conclusion is beyond me. Maybe they just watch too much MSNBC,” Bolton said. Marlow built on that point to suggest the Rasmussen poll is evidence that Democrats “live in a bubble, and they don’t seem to get any information outside of the establishment press. ” Bolton said he found the results of the poll “inexplicable” as anything but a partisan information bubble. “There’s no reason, no justification for discriminating against anybody simply because of their religion in this country. That’s what we have a First Amendment for. It was vital to the founding of our country. I think most Americans, whatever their feelings about party affiliation, really are prepared to be tolerant of any religion that respects and tolerates other religions, as well. So I think your point about Democrats living in a bubble is absolutely right,” he told Marlow. “That should trouble us. It’s not just that they’re wrong it’s that fundamentally, this is going to have a negative effect on our democracy if people are operating in such a   universe,” Bolton warned. John Bolton is a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and founder of his own political action committee, BoltonPAC. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
12503,Libertarian Party is DEAD after Endorsing Hillary Clinton,"
The Libertarian Party has been shooting itself in the foot since the beginning with large amounts of misstatements, judgement errors and wrong policies, but now they finally decided to shoot themselves in the head.
What Libertarian VP Bill Weld just did, is going to destroy and bury the Libertarian Party forever. There is no going back from this one.
I mean, WHAT IS ALEPPO??? , I guess I’m having an Aleppo moment (when being asked to name a single foreign leader), sticking his tongue at a woman who interviewed him , having mental collapse reactions on camera , are imbecilic errors which some followers could forgive but no one can forgive this one.
So this is what the Libertarian movement was all about. Total stupidity, betrayal and cuckoldry!
Ron Paul, chief Libertarian cuckold whom we strongly supported back in the past (and you can search and look at our older 2008-2012 articles as proof that we actually DID strongly supported him) endorsed the Libertarian Party first on CNN and then on FOX Business clowns Bill Weld and Gary Johnson who threw a George Washington gun replica in the garbage , pledged to sign TPP , open borders plus many others and now this, clown number 2: Bill Weld directly endorsing Hillary Clinton.
Libertarian vice presidential candidate Bill Weld is under fire from members of his own party and from GOP after espousing support for Democrat presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton. Appearing on MSNBC’s The Rachel Madcow Show Tuesday, Weld told Libertarian voters in the battleground state of North Carolina to instead give their vote to Hillary, claiming “Donald Trump is a threat to the country”. Sure he is! He’s a THREAT to corruption and that’s exactly why the people want him.
“We are making our case that we’re fiscally responsible and socially inclusive and welcoming and we think we got on the merits the best ticket of the three parties if you will. And so we’d like to get there.”
“Having said that as I think you’re aware I see a big difference between the R candidate and the D candidate and I’ve been at some pains to say that I fear for the country if Mr. Trump should be elected. I think it’s a candidacy without any parallel that I can recall. It’s content-free and very much given to stirring up envy and resentment and even hatred. I think it would be a threat to the conduct of our foreign policy and our position in the world at large.”
Stating voters in North Carolina may decide the outcome of the 2016 election, Madcow asked why a Libertarian voter fearing Trump should vote for Hillary rather than Weld and his running mate Gary Johnson.
“I’m here vouching for Mrs. Clinton,” Weld told Maddow, “and I think it’s high time somebody did.”
Earlier this year, Weld said he would dedicate remaining efforts in the campaign toward staving off a Trump presidency.
“The libertarians are reaching levels of cuckoldry never thought possible,” writes Chris Menahan for Information Liberation .
After this one, the Libertarian movement is DEAD, the very heads of the Libertarian movement, Ron Paul, Gary Johnson and Bill Weld killed the movement! Libertarians are disgusting cucks who like to watch their wives getting kissed by other men (censored version). And this is exactly what they are, cucks! Just watch the photo above, who in the world names their WI-FI “Cuckoo”??? They even spelled WI-FI “Wifi” with small letters and no minus line. Someone who would read it fast without paying too much attention, could end up reading “Wife: Cuckold”. You can’t make this stuff up!
They like to watch the Constitution, morality, ethics, principles being screwed by Hillary Clinton!
Libertarians/cuckservatives: muh principles!
We, the EU Times: Well what’s your principles?
Libertarians/cuckservatives: Open borders, TPP, destruction of 2nd Amendment, Christian oppression and Muslim immigration, pro-abortion, outsourcing of jobs, not standing up to government corruption and vote rigging! Define those principles of yours you cuckolds!
Ron Paul is a disgrace for supporting this cuckoldry! We disavow Ron Paul and we SPIT on all his previous work! We regret ever supporting him! Ron Paul got himself rich with millions of dollars in grassroots donations and when they stole votes from him (and they did steal from Ron Paul) the weakling cuck that he is didn’t had the courage to stand up to himself and to his voters and say or do something. He’s a snake just as bad as Ted Cruz and Glenn Beck!
The Libertarians are DEAD, Long live the Nationalists! Thanks to Trump, we now have a better, improved movement, more authentic and principled than ever before!
Here’s principled libertarian Bill Weld endorsing Hillary Clinton:

",0
12504,"Distracted By Election 2016, No One Resisted The Deep State’s Patriot Act 2","By Nathaniel Mauka Congress overwhelmingly voted for the Patriot Act nearly 16 years ago, and our civil liberties have never been the same since. As... ",0
12505,Social Media Reacts to Kathy Griffin’s Shock Trump ’Beheading’ Photo,"After   comedian Kathy Griffin posed with a bludgeoned   severed head of President Donald Trump, social media has exploded with reactions to the controversial photo. [The image of Griffin, obtained by TMZ, depicts a gory, severed version of Trump’s head, as the former Fashion Police host stands with a cold expression on her face.  Now, social media users have gone online to express their disgust for the image: Of course CNN will probably keep Kathy Griffin on the payroll for their annual New Years Eve coverage, cuz they want Trump dead too.  Sad.  —   Mark Dice (@MarkDice) May 30, 2017,  ”Get over the Kathy Griffin picture you ❄️ what’s the matter? It’s just a photo”  —   people hysterical over a peeing dog statue this morning,  —   Stephen Miller (@redsteeze) May 30, 2017,  Hey @CNN do you condone Kathy Griffin’s views? Will she be hosting New Year’s Eve Live again with @AC360? pic. twitter.   —   Nick Short (@PoliticalShort) May 30, 2017,  NOT FUNNY:  Kathy Griffin ’Beheads’ Trump  …     https:  .   —   DRUDGE REPORT (@DRUDGE_REPORT) May 30, 2017,  When did Kathy Griffin join ISIS? https:  .   —   Brittany Pettibone (@BrittPettibone) May 30, 2017,  These people are Satanic. Does @andersoncooper perform death rituals with his good friend and   Kathy Griffin? Or even sicker stuff? https:  .   —   Mike Cernovich (@Cernovich) May 30, 2017,  Imagine the meltdown if a conservative celebrity had posed with a   of Obama’s decapitated head. https:  .   —   Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) May 30, 2017,  Hey @andersoncooper and @cnn  —   why do you associate with a person who wants to behead Trump? https:  .   —   toddstarnes (@toddstarnes) May 30, 2017,  Feminists: ’Peeing pug’ is misogynist extremism, Same Feminists: ’Kathy Griffin beheading Trump is empowering, edgy art’ pic. twitter.   —   Chet Cannon (@Chet_Cannon) May 30, 2017,  If you’re CNN, you announce immediately that Kathy Griffin will no longer be hosting your New Year’s Eve special right now   hesitation. https:  .   —   Joe Concha (@JoeConchaTV) May 30, 2017,  . @maggieNYT, will you ask @kathygriffin to go easy on @realDonaldTrump because he has a young son? Or do you only do that for pedophiles?  —   John Cardillo (@johncardillo) May 30, 2017,  Does @donlemon support this Satanism? What does he and his   Kathy Griffin do? @andersoncooper pic. twitter.   —   Mike Cernovich (@Cernovich) May 30, 2017,  Meanwhile, mainstream media reports downplayed the photo of Griffin, shifting the conversation to another topic: Trump is gonna tweet about kathy griffin isn’t he,  —   Asawin Suebsaeng (@swin24) May 30, 2017,  No promises, but I’m hoping to keep @TheAtlantic free of news about both Chuck Woolery and Kathy Griffin.  —   Jeffrey Goldberg (@JeffreyGoldberg) May 30, 2017,  btw, here’s what one person from   who is active on 4chan just sent me re: the Kathy Griffin photo and giving the right ammo : pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Warzel (@cwarzel) May 30, 2017,  Is Kathy Griffin the Leader of the Democratic Party?  —   Tim Dotcom (@timothypmurphy) May 30, 2017,  ”Why don’t more libs condemn Kathy Griffin? !”  Prob same reason more cons didn’t condemn Nugent? Bc they’re dumb  fodder for dumb outrage.  —   Andrew Kirell (@AndrewKirell) May 30, 2017,  I’m already exhausted by the amount of disingenuous moral outrage this will drum up https:  .   —   eve peyser (@evepeyser) May 30, 2017,  Griffin has forced her way into the mainstream, hosting CNN’s New Year’s Eve special for the last few years with Anderson Cooper. The    spokesperson also enjoyed a long run on Andy Cohen’s Bravo network as the star of the reality show My Life on The  . Representatives for CNN and Griffin did not immediately respond to Breitbart News’ request for comment.",0
12506,President Trump Declines Invite to Throw Out First Pitch at Nats Game - Breitbart,"Early on Tuesday rumors began circulating that President Donald Trump was in talks with the Washington Nationals to throw out the first pitch on Opening Day this month. But, it appears the White House has decided to turn down the invitation. [According to a Politico report, the White House made plans with the   team to take the mound for the ceremonial first pitch in the Opening Day game against the Miami Marlins. The report came from Luke Russert, who heard about the discussion from his perch in Florida.  But, before end of day, others began reporting that the White House already put the kibosh on the plan. Washington Post sports columnist Barry Svrluga took to his Twitter account to report that Trump won’t be tossing that first pitch after all. Nats say the White House has declined invitation for President Trump to throw out ceremonial first pitch Opening Day.  —   Barry Svrluga (@barrysvrluga) March 28, 2017,  The Donald has done some throwing in the past. In 1992 he and   Marla Maples appeared at Pilot Field in Buffalo to toss the pigskin around. He looked pretty good doing it, too.  Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
12507,Brad Pitt SHOCKS AMERICA: “I’m Tired Of Liberals Taking My Money. I’m Voting For TRUMP!”,"Email 

“We need more and more jobs. Unemployment is way up here,” he said. “He’s hired more employees, more people, than anyone I know in the world.” 
I believe in him first of all because he’s a businessman. I think jobs are badly needed. 
Hollywood star, Brad Pitt is usually catching some heat through supporters of President Obama after calling his agenda “anti-Christian.” 
Pitt talked out about his own Christian beliefs during the 1999 interview. During the interview, he shared his story of how he or she uncovered religion. 
As the particular son of a preacher and spending a majority of his time in the church, he grew to become rebellious as a teen. 
After what Pitt calls a personal face along with God, he came back in order to the church in his 20s. 
“I had this particular tremendous physical and spiritual experience.” 
His devotion to his faith has shocked liberal Hollywood plus angered President Obama supporters who support his alleged “anti-Christian agenda.” 
As other celebrities live a liberal and free life-style, Pitt has explained that he is proud of his religion 
Because of this, Brad has finally come out in support of Donald Trump and his run for Presidency.",0
12508,Obama to Guest-Edit Wired Magazine - The New York Times,"It is perhaps only fitting that a president who rose to power by harnessing the internet would   one of the nation’s leading technology and science magazines on the way out. President Obama will take on that duty in the November issue of Wired, the magazine announced on Tuesday. It will be available on newsstands nationwide on Oct. 25, two weeks before Election Day. By Wired’s estimation, it will be the first time a sitting president has   a magazine, a move the editor, Scott Dadich, described as a natural choice, given the nation’s history of innovation. “When the founders wrote the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution, they were at the bleeding edge of enlightenment philosophy and technology,” Mr. Dadich said in the announcement. “Franklin was talking about crazy stuff like electricity and communications networks. Paine gave up the copyright to Common Sense so it could get wider publication. Jefferson was radically rethinking design and land use. ” At Mr. Obama’s direction, the issue will focus on the future, the magazine said. Its theme will be frontiers: personal, local, national, international and beyond. (Think precision medicine, urban planning, civil rights, climate change and space travel.) That theme will also serve as the subject of a White House conference, a convening of innovators, to be held in Pittsburgh earlier in October and to be   by the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University. The president is no stranger to science, technology and Silicon Valley, subjects central to Wired’s coverage. His first presidential campaign is often credited to an effective use of big data and the internet. and he has championed several ambitious initiatives while in office, including plans to map the human brain and to get 20 million people subscribed to   internet by 2020. Last year, Mr. Obama famously dined late into the night at the White House with 13 guests, including Reid Hoffman, LinkedIn’s   John Doerr, a Silicon Valley venture capitalist and Vinod Khosla, a founder of Sun Microsystems  —   part of a broader effort to prepare an infrastructure and endowment that would be used for, among other things, a “digital first” presidential library. Mr. Obama also courted support from Silicon Valley professionals, some of whom were rewarded for their efforts. John V. Roos, a major   and a former law firm partner there, was appointed ambassador to Japan after Mr. Obama first took office. The Wired arrangement won’t be the president’s first foray into editing, either. In 1990, he  became the first black editor in the history of the Harvard Law Review.",0
12509,"Venezuela: Chavistas Shut Down Mass, Force Faithful to Listen to Anti-Catholic Rant - Breitbart","The head of Venezuela’s opposition coalition in the legislature denounced the violent takeover of a Catholic Mass in late January by armed Chavista gangs known as colectivos, who forced those congregated to listen to a disparaging rant against the Catholic Church instead of prayer. [Jesús Torrealba, the secretary general of Venezuela’s Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD) tweeted this week that colectivos stormed into Caracas’s San Pedro Claver Church on January 23  . “The violent government supporters closed the door, prevented the parishioners from leaving, and forced them to listen to a political speech,” Torrealba denounced on Twitter. “The violent colectivos offended the Venezuelan Episcopal Conference and social leaders in the area in their speech. ”  1) GRAVE: La Iglesia San Pedro Claver, Caracas, fue cercada y tomada hoy 29E a la 1pm por paramilitares oficialistas mal llamados colectivos,  —   Jesus Chuo Torrealba (@ChuoTorrealba) January 29, 2017,  3) Los oficialistas violentos cerraron las puertas, impidieron la salida de los feligreses y los obligaron a escuchar un discurso político,  —   Jesus Chuo Torrealba (@ChuoTorrealba) January 29, 2017,  4) Los violentos mal llamados “colectivos” ofendieron en su discurso a la Conferencia Episcopal Venezolana y a dirigentes sociales de la zona,  —   Jesus Chuo Torrealba (@ChuoTorrealba) January 29, 2017,  Torrealba concluded, noting that the incident ended after Monsignor Jesús González de Zárate, an official at the church, pleaded with the gangs to allow the Mass to continue. Following reports of the event, the head of the Venezuelan Episcopal Conference issued a statement condemning the increasingly common attacks on the part of supporters of the socialist government against the Catholic Church. “These are not isolated occurrences but rather, one gets the impression that these are premeditated events meant to intimidate the Catholic Church,” Monsignor Diego Padrón, the head of the conference, said in remarks on an   radio program. The Church, he added, is a target because it “has taken a very clear position before the government, noting its difficulties, problems, and the crisis the nation is currently in. ” Padrón also listed other events that made him believe these were not isolated incidents, including attacks on the homes of multiple clergy members who had openly objected to the socialist government. While the Vatican has not aided the Venezuelan opposition at its highest level  —   Pope Francis notably met with dictator Nicolás Maduro, but not the wives of his political prisoners  —   Venezuelan clergy have vocally opposed the growing infringement on human rights and dire economic situation Maduro’s policies have created. The Episcopal Conference loudly protested Maduro’s edict granting the military full control of the nation’s food supply, objecting to the socialist government’s “constant preaching of hate, criminalization and punishment of all dissidents. ” The Conference also attempted to facilitate talks between the MUD and the government, on Pope Francis’s orders. After months of delays and a refusal by the government to release prisoners of conscience, the bishops sent the head of the government a private letter expressing “pain and concern” over “a disturbing delay in the adoption of necessary measures for the concrete application of the agreements. ” The Socialist Party’s    Diosdado Cabello responded by publicly calling the letter “disrespectful and irresponsible” after it leaked to international outlets. The MUD ultimately backed out of the Vatican talks, objecting to the Maduro government’s “arrogant and rude response  …     to the demands formulated in a letter from the Vatican. ”",0
12510,Eric Fanning Confirmed as Secretary of the Army - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Senate confirmed Eric K. Fanning on Tuesday as secretary of the Army, making him the   openly gay official ever at the Pentagon. The voice vote ended a confirmation process that had been delayed for months by a Republican senator who wanted assurances that detainees from Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, would not be sent to his state. But as the senator, Pat Roberts of Kansas, explained how his concerns had been resolved, one of his statements indicated that the administration does not believe it will be able to close the prison before President Obama leaves office. Mr. Roberts said on the Senate floor that he had been assured last week by the deputy defense secretary, Robert O. Work, that Mr. Obama would not move Guantánamo detainees to Fort Leavenworth, Kan. because “the clock has run out. ” In a statement, Mr. Work said he had made clear to Mr. Roberts that “we have not taken any location off the table for relocating Guantánamo detainees. ” Still, Mr. Work acknowledged that there was “limited time left” to gain Congress’s support for the administration’s plan to close the prison. There have been signs that time is short. The administration said in February that every potential site the government had studied for housing Guantánamo detainees would need substantial construction work. No contracts have been put out in the three months since then, because Congress has banned bringing detainees into the United States or spending any money to modify a prison to accommodate them. Mr. Fanning, 47, has held   posts across the armed services, including as Air Force under secretary and deputy under secretary of the Navy. He has also served as chief of staff to Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter.",0
12511,What University of Texas Campus Is Saying About Concealed Guns - The New York Times,"AUSTIN, Tex.  —   As classes began here at the University of Texas this past week amid a new law allowing concealed handguns on college campuses in the state, an accounting student quietly strapped on a pistol and headed to class. A   sophomore joined a raucous protest against the law. A professor who had sued to stop the law resigned herself to teaching with handguns in the classroom. And the college president sought out ways to safeguard the campus culture that he cherished while accommodating a law that he did not. While the right to carry a gun is fiercely protected by Second Amendment advocates across the country, administrators at universities in Texas, both public and private, have expressed reservations about the     law. Nowhere has the debate been as intense as it has been here in Austin, a liberal outpost in a conservative state. The law, passed last year by the   Legislature, went into effect Aug. 1 and has turned this campus of 50, 000 into a microcosm of the national debate over how to balance the constitutional right to bear arms with the costs that guns often impose. Those on campus are at the heart of a struggle to decide how to expand rights without stepping on others and what, if any, places should be exempt. Many professors and students worry that guns in classrooms will frighten people and discourage free expression, which is the bedrock of academia. The few students licensed to carry handguns and their many supporters beyond campus counter that   and the right of individuals to bear arms must not be restricted. The question now is how do those abstract ideas play out  —   for students trying to get through organic chemistry or meet a professor after class, professors who want to introduce critical thinking and intellectual exploration without fear, and administrators walking a tightrope with the Legislature. Here are the thoughts of four members of this campus. Huyler Marsh grew up near Dallas, the son of an economics professor who discouraged guns in the house. As a freshman in Austin, he met a student who invited him to join the college shooting club, and he was hooked. Now a    studying for a master’s degree in accounting, Mr. Marsh has been shooting competitively for years. “Shooting at targets, it’s addicting,” he said. “You are chasing perfection. ” On the fourth floor of a library on campus, he quietly dropped his backpack and lifted the tail of his red plaid shirt to show a black .  pistol sticking from a holster wedged in the back of his waistband. “I wear it pretty much whenever I can,” Mr. Marsh said. “It’s not that I’m afraid of getting attacked all the time. It’s more like a fire extinguisher or a seatbelt. You always have it and hope you never have to use it. If I call 911, it might be 10 minutes before they get here. It might be more. It’s nice to know you have ultimate responsibility for your safety. ” University rules still ban guns from many places: labs with hazardous materials, some areas of dormitories,   centers, football games, mental health facilities and the top of the University of Texas Tower, where 50 years ago an engineering student shot 49 people. Despite the rules, Mr. Marsh said he would be able to take his gun nearly everywhere he went. College officials in other states with campus carry, like Colorado and Idaho, say there has been little noticeable impact. In Texas, only people older than 21 can carry concealed handguns, and university leaders estimate only a few hundred will do so in Austin. Mr. Marsh said most people would never even notice, which, he added, is “the whole point of concealed carry. ” Mr. Marsh lives in a group house just off campus. He has a drawer full of different holsters for different occasions, and a small revolver he can easily drop in his pocket. Only one other student he knows carries, he said, and in the clamor that has accompanied the law, it is easy to feel like an outcast. A few of his housemates are so against guns on campus that he did not want to talk about it in his house, and chose the library instead. “Some of my roommates are really loud about this,” he said. “We have respectful disagreements, but I try not to bring it up. ” Ana Lopez grew up not far from campus in Austin and dreamed of going to the University of Texas. Now a sophomore studying   in the honors program, she is not so sure she made the right choice. “I had a really great world literature last year,” she said. “We were a small class full of different races, different sexualities. We talked about a lot of contentious issues  —   slavery, racism  —   and of course people disagreed. ” She is worried now that in such classes that students will hesitate, knowing someone might have a gun. “If we can’t have those kinds of conversations without fear, what is the point?” Ms. Lopez said in an interview. She added that if she had known that campus carry was coming to the University of Texas, “I probably would have gone somewhere else. ” In the spring, she went to a university meeting where the group deciding how to put the law into effect was taking comments. Ms. Lopez planned to just listen, but she noticed that no undergraduates were speaking, so she stood up and said she did not want guns in her classrooms. She soon became one of the leading student activists against the law, joining a protest this past week beneath the clock tower where the first mass shooting on a college campus took place 50 years ago. Campus carry, she feels, was forced on the campus by outsiders to make a political point. “It’s not just an issue on campus,” Ms. Lopez said. “The Legislature has always been at odds with U. T. They don’t like us because we’re this liberal institution in a red state. They don’t have our best interest in mind. ” Taped to the door of Lisa Moore’s office is a sign with a kitten and butterfly that reads, “Ask me about my gun policy. ” The   law allows professors to ban guns from private offices, but despite her sign  —   a mild attempt at levity  —   written notice is not technically sufficient professors are required to tell each student orally. When asked about her policy, Professor Moore said: “I love what I do. I consider teaching and learning to be a sacred vocation. We want to do everything we can to promote it. I don’t see guns as a part of that. So, no, I won’t be allowing guns in my office. ” “I grew up on a ranch, and I can still probably kill a gopher at a fair distance, but what we were taught is you don’t take your guns to town,” she said. “I just don’t see a scenario where guns have a place in the classroom. I want students getting their mind blown to remain a metaphor. ” In July, she and two other professors sued the university and the state, saying campus carry’s “dangerously experimental gun policies” violated the First and Second Amendments. A judge refused to stop the law from taking effect in August, but has yet to rule on the case. “The Second Amendment allows for a   militia,” Professor Moore said. “What we have is not a   militia. It’s a    with a backpack. ” She sighed and then said, “I’m worried about accidents. ” She is also worried that the presence of guns might impinge free speech by making some students too fearful to speak their minds in class. Some professors have resigned rather than teach in the environment. “I’m a lesbian who teaches gay and lesbian studies,” Professor Moore said. “I know how vulnerable some students can feel. Having a weaponized campus is going to make it feel that much less welcoming. ” Already, she said, the law has interfered with teaching. During her first class after the law took effect, she said, her English literature students discussed the rules and she explained how she could not legally prohibit guns in class, or even ask who had them. “Three of them started crying,” she said. “We did not talk about Jane Austen that day. ” The   law was passed three days before Gregory Fenves became president of the University of Texas at Austin. He has spent more than a year since trying to accommodate it in a way that would limit the impact without inviting court challenges from gun groups or provoking the Legislature to pass new laws that could cut funding or impose rules that would allow people to carry guns openly in classes. “I don’t believe guns belong on campus,” he said in an interview in his office minutes after returning from a meeting at the Capitol, just four blocks from campus. “We had more than 3, 000 comments on this from students and faculty, and they overwhelmingly opposed it. ” The law allows private colleges to ban concealed weapons, and nearly all of them have done so. Faculty at the University of Texas pushed hard to allow professors to do the same with their classrooms, but Mr. Fenves pushed back, because he thought the law would not permit it. “I wish, like private colleges, we could prohibit guns,” he said. “We don’t have that option. ” The Austin campus has imposed a warren of exclusion zones to protect students and sensitive areas, but Mr. Fenves has tried to limit signs marking those zones. He told his campus safety team that he did not want the campus to “look like a war zone. ” The best outcome, he said, would be that the law had no noticeable effect and that a year from now the campus had forgotten about it. He worries, though, that it will affect recruiting. “Already we’ve lost a dean over the issue,” he said. “We are concerned about it, and we will continue to monitor it. ”",0
12512,New Alaska Law Taking First Step Against Common Core,"By Mike Maharrey 
Today, a new law allowing parents to opt their children out of standardized testing in Alaska goes into effect. The new statute gives parents a powerful tool to push back against Common Core.
Rep. Wes Keller (R-Wasilla) introduced House Bill 156 ( HB156 ) last year. The legislation broadly defines the rights of Alaska parents to direct the education of the children. An important provision in the law allows parents to opt their children out of standardized testing.
(1) recognizing the authority of a parent and allowing a parent to object to and withdraw the child from a standards-based assessment or test required by the state;
The legislation also allows parents to object to and opt their kids out an activity, class, or program.
Shane VanderHart with Truth in American Education explains the significance of the opt-out right .
This doesn’t change Alaska’s standards which are essentially Common Core, but this is a win for parents who were having issues opting their students out of assessments and certain classes, like sex ed. This is something all states should do if they haven’t already. While parents have a natural right to opt their children out of assessments it is so much easier when the government cooperates with parents rather than oppose them.
The House passed HB156 in April by a 22-17 vote. The Senate approved an amended version of the measure 15-5. After some back and forth to reconcile the House and Senate versions, the bill received final passage on May 5.
NEW YORK New York serves as a shining example of the effectiveness of an individual opt-out campaign against Common Core testing programs. Grassroots activists started a movement that spread across the entire state and sent a powerful message against Fed Ed.
The New York Post reported that 20 percent of parents chose to opt their children out from the Common Core standardized testing last year. In the Lower Hudson Valley, the number reported this year was even higher, according to the USA Today :
Some school officials voluntarily reported their figures on Tuesday; others declined, saying the numbers should first be reported to their boards of education; others did not respond at all. Those who responded were responsible for nearly 44,000 students, nearly 10,000 of whom declined to take the test, at a rate of 24 percent.
The Washington Post reported that he number of opt-outs were also high in other areas.
Eighty-six percent of test eligible students in the Long Island district of Comsewogue refused the test, and 89 percent of students in Dolgeville in the Mohawk Valley said “no.”
Newsday reported that 49.7 percent of all Long Island students refused the test even though the Newsday editorial board has repeatedly urged parents to have their children take it.
Massive opt-outs create a path forward for Alaska parents wanting to eliminate Common Core standards and put education back into the hands of state and local bodies where it belongs. Ultimately, if enough students opt out of the testing, it could collapse the Common Core system altogether.
HISTORY Common Core was intended to create nationwide education standards. While touted as a state initiative through the National Governors Association (NGA) and the Council of Chief State School Officers (CCSSO), the U.S. Department of Education was heavily involved behind the scenes.
Up until recently, the DoE tied the grant of waivers from the No Child Left Behind Act to adoption of Common Core, using the standards as powerful strings to influence state educational policy. The Every Student Succeeds Act passed by Congress this year now prohibits the DoE from attempting to “influence, incentivize, or coerce State adoption of the Common Core State Standards … or any other academic standards common to a significant number of States.”
But under the new federal law, states still must comply with College and Career Ready Standards , based on Common Core, as a condition for receiving some federal dollars. It also requires the federal education secretary to approve each state’s plans for standards and assessments.
Even with the federal strings partially cut from Common Core for the time being, it is still imperative for each state to adopt its own standards. The feds can once again use these national standards to meddle in state education at any time if they remain in place. Just as importantly, one-size-fits-all standard simply don’t benefit children. State and local governments should remain in full control of their own educational systems.
Michael Maharrey [ send him email ] is the Communications Director for the Tenth Amendment Center, where this article first appeared . He proudly resides in the original home of the Principles of ’98 – Kentucky. See his blog archive here and his article archive here . He is the author of the book, Our Last Hope: Rediscovering the Lost Path to Liberty. You can visit his personal website at MichaelMaharrey.com and like him on Facebook HERE ",0
12513,Moveable Feast Cafe 2016/11/11 … Open Thread,"Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. Name:",0
12514,UFO activates camouflage mode,"Grey 25 
The video appears to show a disc-shaped object flying behind a small gap in the clouds before it quickly vanishes. The footage is believed to have been filmed over North America – but no further details were provided. Tags",0
12515,Notre Dame Students Claim VP Pence’s Presence on Campus Makes Them Feel ’Unsafe’ - Breitbart,"The uproar at the University of Notre Dame over Vice President Mike Pence’s upcoming commencement address has escalated, as students are now claiming that his presence on campus will make them feel “unsafe. ”[Seniors Imanne Mondane and Jourdyhn Williams have started a whiteboard message campaign to express their concern over the selection of Mike Pence as the university’s commencement speaker. Over the past week, Mondane and Williams have taken photographs of students with quotations from Pence that the two seniors feel are “racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic. ”  “For me personally, [Pence] represents the larger Trump administration,” Senior Immane Mondane told The Observer, the   newspaper of the University of Notre Dame and the nearby St. Mary’s College.  “His administration represents something, and for many people on our campus, it makes them feel unsafe to have someone who openly is offensive but also demeaning of their humanity and of their life and of their identity. ” “I know that during his time as governor of Indiana and also during his campaign trail, along with Trump, he has made offensive statements towards minority groups that affect me, like women and ” Williams claimed. Williams argues that the selection of Pence as the university’s commencement speaker contradicts with the school’s Catholic mission. “I feel that is offensive to such a large population here at Notre Dame, and I also believe it goes against certain Catholic Social Teaching, which is something the University likes to broadcast that it stands behind, but it picks and chooses when it wants to stand behind them,” Williams complained. Encouragingly, Mondane has organized a discussion on her concerns and has invited students of all political persuasions to attend and voice their opinions. “We’re going to have a   discussion in the weeks to come,” Mondane said. “Everyone is welcome to the discussion, and we’re going to have an event and advertise, but we really want to get the voices there who may not agree with us and who may take issue with what we’re doing. We both have an equal platform, and we’re on an equal playing field where one narrative isn’t totally dominant of the other. ” Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
12516,Джон Керри: Антироссийские санкции только укрепили США и Европу,"  
По словам Керри, Запад остается единым в вопросе сохранения санкций на фоне агрессивной политики России, а после ряда попыток со стороны Москвы вмешаться в предвыборную кампанию в Соединенных Штатах чувство общности, в том числе и в этом вопросе, ""по обе стороны Атлантики"" только укрепилось. 
""Я был в Брюсселе в начале этого месяца и я обнаружил, что чувство общности подходов за Атлантикой демонстрируется каждый день. США и Европа продолжают поддерживать жесткие экономические санкции против России"", - сказал Керри, выступая в совете Чикаго по международным отношениям. 
Керри заявил, что ""наше единство становится еще сильнее"", обвинив при этом Россию в том, что она якобы ""пытается вмешиваться в функционирование нашей демократической системы"". 
В начале октября министерство внутренней безопасности США и Нацразведка обвинили Россию в намеренном взломе почтовых серверов американских граждан и политических организаций с целью вмешательства в избирательный процесс в стране. 
Российские официальные лица отвергают все обвинения американской стороны. Как пишет Аргументы стороны американских властей неоднократно звучали обвинения, что Россия пытается влиять на политическую ситуацию в США. 
В частности, утверждается, что атаки на сервера демократов организованы Кремлем. 
Ранее основатель WikiLeaks Джулиан Ассанж пообещал до конца этого года опубликовать ""значительные данные"" по правительствам трех стран и выборах в США. Об этом он сообщил в ходе видеомоста, который транслируют в Берлине. 
Сведения о президентских выборах в Штатах будут обнародованы до их проведения 8 ноября. 
Ассанж также добавил, что информация о планах ресурса нанести вред кандидату на пост президента США от Демократической партии Хиллари Клинтон ложная.""Было очень много перевирания моих цитат и публикаций WikiLeaks. В этом конкретном случае перевирается цитата о том, что мы хотим навредить Хиллари Клинтон"", - сказал он. 
Джулиан Ассанж также отметил, что ""все заявления о якобы существующих связях между WikiLeaks и Россией абсурдны"". 
Напомним, 4 октября исполняется 10 лет со дня первой публикации документов на сайте WikiLeaks. Ассанж планировал выйти на балкон посольства Эквадора в Лондоне, где он укрывается от британского правосудия, и сделать заявление. Однако выступление было отменено по соображениям безопасности. 
Ранее WikiLeaks обнародовал электронную переписку Демократической партии США. Из опубликованных документов следует, что партийный аппарат демократов во время праймериз работал на Клинтон в ущерб ее конкуренту Берни Сандерсу. Скандал стал причиной отставки руководителя национального комитета Демократической партии. 
Как пишет Взгляд, штаб Клинтон в ответ обвинил во взломе серверов Москву , которая якобы хотела помочь на выборах республиканцу Дональду Трампу. Пресс-секретарь российского президента Дмитрий Песков назвал подобные утверждения абсурдными. Сам Трамп отшутился, что просто нравится президенту России Владимиру Путину, и заявил, что все эти письма демократам вообще не следовало писать. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda.Ru на сегодня Поделиться:",0
12517,Cast of Avengers Joins Together To Support DAPL Protestor,"By Claire Bernish, The Free Thought Project Four stars from the movie, The Avengers, have now joined forces to demand President Barack Obama pay attention to abuses and excessive force being used... ",0
12518,How Big Banks Are Putting Rain Forests in Peril - The New York Times,"In early 2015, scientists monitoring satellite images at Global Forest Watch raised the alarm about the destruction of rain forests in Indonesia. Environmental groups raced to the scene in West Kalimantan province, on the island of Borneo, to find a charred wasteland: smoldering fires, orangutans driven from their nests, and signs of an extensive release of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. “There was pretty much no forest left,” said Karmele Llano Sánchez, director of the nonprofit International Animal Rescue’s orangutan rescue group, which set out to save the endangered primates. “All the forest had burned. ” Fingers pointed to the Rajawali Group, a sprawling local conglomerate known for its ties to powerful politicians like Malaysia’s   prime minister. But lesser known is how some of the world’s largest banks have helped Rajawali  —   and other global agricultural powerhouses  —   expand their plantation empires. The year before the clearing of trees in West Kalimantan, Rajawali’s plantation arm secured $235 million in loans  —   funds that the Indonesian company used to buy out a partner and bolster its landholdings  —   from banks including Credit Suisse and Bank of America, according to an examination of lending data by The New York Times. The deal forms part of at least $43 billion in loans and underwriting to companies linked to deforestation and forest burning in Southeast Asia alone, according to a tally compiled by the   Rainforest Action Network, the Dutch consultancy Profundo and the Indonesian nongovernmental organization TuK Indonesia. More than a third of that sum comes from American, European and Japanese banks, many of which have sustainability pledges that specifically mention deforestation. That figure is almost certainly incomplete because not all financing is made public. It also excludes loans made by the same banks to forestry projects outside Southeast Asia, or financing provided to other, more global players. And it contrasts with efforts by companies like Nestlé and Procter  Gamble to distance themselves from suppliers linked to deforestation. And while there has been a growing movement among endowments and pension funds to divest from the   industry  —   and banks have started to back away from financing coal projects  —   any move away from deforestation has been slower to catch on, experts say. The role of banks has come under the spotlight in recent weeks after environmentalists called out banks like Bank of America and Goldman Sachs for financing the contentious Dakota Access oil pipeline project. The money is aiding a process that scientists say destroys ecosystems, displaces indigenous communities and covers the region each year in a thick, suffocating smog that stretches from Jakarta to Hong Kong. Deforestation  —   and the fires that frequently accompany it  —   also generates   of total global warming emissions, making forestry loss one of the biggest single contributors to global warming, according to the Union of Concerned Scientists. “Destroying the world’s forests makes fighting climate change almost impossible,” said Andrew W. Mitchell, executive director of the Global Canopy Programme, a forestry think tank. “The finance sector is really lagging behind in realizing that. ” In funding Rajawali’s palm oil plantations, the banks appear to have violated their own sustainability policies. In its forestry and agribusiness policy, adopted in 2008, Credit Suisse says it will not finance or advise companies with operations in “primary tropical moist forests” like those of West Kalimantan. Bank of America says in a banking policy, adopted in 2004, that it will not finance commercial projects that result in the clearing of primary tropical moist forests. The 2014 deal financed Rajawali’s expansion into palm oil by helping the conglomerate buy out a former partner, invest in new palm oil mills and increase its landholdings. Demand for palm oil is surging worldwide, driven by rising incomes in markets like China and India and a switch away from trans fats by Americans and Europeans. Rajawali’s plantations have been accused by environmental and labor groups of deforestation and illegal burning. Indonesia is one of the world’s biggest palm oil producers, and forestry loss there and elsewhere ranks as one of the biggest single contributors to global warming. Sebastian Sharp, a spokesman for Rajawali’s plantation arm, acknowledged that the burning and clearing on its West Kalimantan forest sites might be illegal but said local communities encroaching on its properties and starting the fires were to blame. He said the company did not engage in illegal burning or clearing. Credit Suisse declined to comment on its Rajawali deal or to say whether the deal violated its sustainability policies. A Bank of America spokesman, Bill Halldin, said that the most serious accusations against Rajawali came after the 2014 loan, in which the bank played “a very small role. ” “Today, we would certainly consider more information before making any decision on any client,” he said. Brigitte Seegers, a spokeswoman for ABN Amro, declined to comment. Climate concerns have been brought into sharp relief by the impending presidency of Donald J. Trump, who has called climate change a hoax. Mr. Trump has said he will pull the United States out of the Paris accord, a commitment by 195 countries to take concrete measures to reduce   carbon emissions. Daily emissions from Indonesia’s forest fires last year at times exceeded emissions produced by all economic activity in the United States. A recent Harvard and Columbia study estimated that the fires caused at least 100, 000 premature deaths across Southeast Asia. The World Bank estimates that the fires cost Indonesia’s economy $16 billion. Although deforestation has slowed in many parts of the world, notably in the Brazilian Amazon, forest clearing is on the rise in Southeast Asia. Indonesia, in particular, suffers the world’s highest rates of forest loss, an average of almost 2. 1 million acres a year, a study published in 2014 found. About 15 percent of the world’s historical forest cover remains intact, according to the World Resources Institute. The rest has been cleared or degraded or is in fragments. Rajawali originally operated its palm plantation business, Green Eagle Holdings, as a joint venture with the French conglomerate Louis Dreyfus. But starting in 2014, Rajawali took the first step to consolidate the palm oil business under its control, and invest in new infrastructure. Its loans from Western banks were crucial. In January 2014, Green Eagle attracted a $120 million loan from a group of lenders led by ABN Amro. In July of that year, it scored an even bigger loan of $235 million from a syndicate led by Credit Suisse. Bank of America also took part in that loan. The financing allowed Green Eagle to buy out Louis Dreyfus to invest in new palm oil mills and increase its landholdings. In November 2014, Green Eagle merged with another plantation operator, BW Plantation Rajawali is majority shareholder of the resulting company, Eagle High Plantations. The banks issued those loans as Rajawali was being accused of extensive forest and peatland destruction, illegal burning, use of child labor and the use of force against workers at plantations under its control.   mapping by the Indonesian Ministry of Environment and Forestry, and satellite imagery from Global Forest Watch, show forest loss at two sites in West Kalimantan from 2011 to 2013 and again in 2015, with much of the forest gone by the end of the year. Those sites included around 11, 000 hectares of peat, which, when set alight, can smolder for months underground. Zamzami, who goes by one name, a Greenpeace staff member in Indonesia who visited a Rajawali plantation in West Kalimantan in September 2015, said the burning continued. “It was difficult to breathe because of the smoke,” he said in field notes. “Far away, on the horizon, I could see the forest wall. ” Eagle High is now one of Indonesia’s largest palm oil plantation operators, with more than a million acres in land rights under its control, according to an investors’ presentation dated September 2014. Human rights organizations have reported that children as young as 6 work to support their parents in another   plantation in the Papua province. That plantation has promised to support the abolition of child labor by ensuring that there are no children on plantation sites. In December 2015, a    worker was shot dead at the plantation by state security forces. It was unclear why state forces were on private property. Mr. Sharp, the Eagle High spokesman, blamed local villagers for the forest clearing and burning on its sites. “It’s being done by local communities, and we have no control over that,” he said. Environmental groups argue that plantation companies are responsible for protecting their sites. Mr. Sharp said that there were instances in which workers brought their children to plantations but that the company was “trying to brainstorm ways in which we can stop them from doing that. ” He also questioned the wisdom of Indonesian labor law. “Why can’t we hire children at 15? Families need income,” he said. Under the country’s law, the minimum age for hazardous work, including jobs on plantations, is 18. The worker who was killed, Marvel Doga, was “drunk and violent, poured petrol everywhere and threatened to set fire, and he had with him a bow and arrow” when nearby state security forces tried to incapacitate him, leading to his death, Mr. Sharp said. He said Eagle High paid “thousands of dollars” to his family in compensation. Credit Suisse and ABN Amro declined to discuss specific deals. Bank of America declined to comment on the accusations. But in a February 2015 research note, Credit Suisse deemed Rajawali’s palm oil push a success. Eagle High’s increased landholdings and land rights signaled “significant headroom for expansion” of palm oil production, Priscilla Tjitra, an equity analyst for the bank, said in a report to clients. “The allocation of finance is so influential in our economy and to our environment,” said Tom Picken of the Rainforest Action Network. “But there’s little way we can hold financial sectors to account. ” The orangutan rescues continue. The world has lost 60 percent of its population of Bornean orangutans since 1950, according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature. In July, the Bornean orangutan was listed as critically endangered. International Animal Rescue, which runs a temporary shelter for about 100 orangutans in West Kalimantan, said its staff had rescued roughly 50 of the primates during the 2015 burning season, twice the number the organization rescues in an average year. “They were all starving, all skinny,” said Ms. Sánchez, the orangutan rescue group’s director. So far this year, about 25 orangutans have been rehabilitated. “The problem is that every time an area is destroyed and orangutans are under real threat, we have to look for areas to release them, and that’s challenging,” she said. “We’re running out of places where we can release these orangutans. ” In September, Rajawali’s plantation arm secured a $192 million loan from Bank Negara Indonesia, a state bank, to refinance the debt held by its plantation subsidiaries and to double the capacity of palm oil refineries in Papua and West Kalimantan. Bank Negara Indonesia’s sustainability policies say that its clients must adopt “minimum environmental, social and governance standards. ” The bank did not respond to requests for comment.",0
12519,Transgender Actor Laverne Cox To Speak at Alternative CU Boulder Event During MILO Visit - Breitbart,"The transgender star of the Netflix series “Orange is the New Black,” Laverne Cox, is set to speak at the University of Colorado’s Boulder campus on January 25th, at the same time as MILO’s scheduled event. [Cox’s talk is currently entitled, “Ain’t I a Woman: My Journey to Womanhood,” and according to Maura Towey, the chair of CU Boulder’s Distinguished Speakers Board, Cox will “provide an engaging conversation surrounding   and oppression. ”  Leftists at CU Boulder had attempted to shut down MILO’s event, which is being hosted by the CU College Republicans and the CU chapter of Turning Point USA. A petition in favor of banning MILO from the campus reached around 1000 signatures, and claimed that MILO “is not a journalist according to any respectable definition of that word he is a racist, sexist, reactionary opportunist who makes a comfortable living off sensationalism. ” “To deny him the privilege of speaking at our esteemed university is not to infringe on his (or anyone’s) freedom of speech” it continued. “And deny him the privilege of speaking at our university is exactly what we ought to do. ” However, following a report by Breitbart News, the university administration reassured students that MILO’s event would “go on as planned. ” “We value free speech and respect our student organizations’ decisions on who they want to invite to events at our campus” proclaimed the university in an email to Breitbart News. “Personally, I feel strongly that discrimination and harassment have no place on our campus,” said College Chancellor Philip P. DiStefano. “With that said, we must support the free exchange of ideas. I would hope that any speaker who comes here can present his or her opinions in a respectful manner. We understand that some topics will be supported by some students and denounced by others. Hosting a speaker on campus does not mean the university endorses or has other viewpoints on that speaker’s message. ” MILO’s speech, which will be one of the last on the Dangerous Faggot Tour, will start at 7PM in the Mathematics Building, with doors opening from 6PM. Like most other dates on the tour, the event is sold out.",0
12520,Review: Elif Batuman’s ‘The Idiot’ Sets a Romantic Crush on Simmer - The New York Times,"THE IDIOTBy Elif Batuman423 pages. Penguin Press. $27. Love, as Thomas Pynchon wrote, reviewing Gabriel García Márquez’s novel “Love in the Time of Cholera” in The New York Times Book Review in 1988 and quoting Mickey and Sylvia’s 1956 hit single, love is strange. Elif Batuman’s first novel, “The Idiot,” is in part about the unlikely and consuming crush that Selin, the daughter of Turkish immigrants, develops on an older mathematics student from Hungary during her freshman year at Harvard. It is unclear, for hundreds of pages, whether this crush is requited. Meanwhile the reader, palm crushed into forehead, thinks, “Poor Selin, what are you doing to yourself?” “The Idiot” is set in 1995. Blues Traveler plays on Discmans. Mixtapes are still units of emotional currency. Students type with green cursors on black screens. Email is new, and Selin intuits its power. “Each message contained the one that had come before, and so your own words came back to you  —   all the words you threw out, they came back,” Batuman writes. “It was like the story of your relations with others, the story of the intersection of your life with other lives, was constantly being recorded and updated and you could check it at any time. ” Anyone who has followed Batuman’s work will not be surprised to learn that Selin first falls for Ivan, the Hungarian student, because she adores his email messages. Batuman is a language freak and geek. You can imagine one of her characters becoming attracted to someone, as did a woman in Norman Rush’s last novel, “Subtle Bodies,” because he was “verbal looking. ” Herself the daughter of Turkish immigrants and a graduate of Harvard, Batuman is a staff writer at The New Yorker and the author of “The Possessed: Adventures With Russian Books and the People Who Read Them” (2010). That book was a witty and melancholy tour de force about reading and love and the pleasures of travel as against tourism. That same voice is poured into “The Idiot. ” It’s memorable to witness Selin, via Batuman, absorb the world around her. Each paragraph is a small anthology of   observations. Only Batuman would send a character in search of new clothes and have her think, “what was ‘Cinderella,’ if not an allegory for the fundamental unhappiness of shoe shopping?” Selin notes the “death roar” of an institutional toilet. She observes how, lighting a cigarette, “when the flame came into contact with the paper, it made a sound like the needle coming down on a record player. ” Small pleasures will have to sustain you over the long haul of this novel. “The Idiot” builds little narrative or emotional force. It is like a beautiful neon sign made without a plug. No glow is cast. We’re told why Selin falls for Ivan. He gives good email. He is also, as one of her friends puts it, “a    Hungarian guy who stares at everyone like he’s trying to see through their souls. ” He’s Ivan the enfant terrible. Selin tells us about the force of her longing. “Every sound, every syllable that reached me,” she says, “I wanted to filter through his consciousness. ” But we never feel this longing in our bones. I’m reminded of the acting coach’s dictum that it’s not important that the actor cry it’s important that the audience does. After 100 pages, I was done with Ivan and wanted Selin to be done, too. I wished, as if she were an avatar in a video game, to point her in a different direction. Selin is not done with him. The summer after her freshman year, she travels to the Hungarian countryside to teach English and perhaps to see him on weekends. She consumes a lot of food with sour cream in it. She judges a contest to see which students have the best legs. She frets. Sexual heat is at a minimum. This is too bad, because Batuman has a rich sense of the details of human attachment and lust. Watching Ivan dig into his pockets for coins, for example, Selin thinks: “An amazing sight, someone you’re infatuated with trying to fish something out of a jeans pocket. ” That line beamed me back to my own freshman year at college. “The Idiot”  —   at the rate Batuman is burning through the titles of Dostoyevsky novels, her next one will be called “Netochka Nezvanova”  —   reminded me of Martin Amis’s complaint about “Pride and Prejudice. ” That novel’s only flaw, he said, “is the absence of a   sex scene between Elizabeth and Darcy. ” There are two things I admire about this novel. One is the touching sense, here as in everything Batuman writes, that books are life. Selin is, convincingly and only slightly pretentiously, the sort of person who buys an overcoat because it reminds her of Gogol’s. She likes learning Spanish because “the donkey had a place in the national literature. ” She delivers this writing advice, after hearing a story about a host placing an unsettling stuffed weasel in a guest room to keep someone company: “If you really wanted to be a writer, you didn’t send away the weasel. ” I also liked Selin’s determination to be “someone trying to live a life unmarred by laziness, cowardice, and conformity. ” She’s an interesting human who, very much like this wry but distant novel, never becomes an enveloping one. Fiction, like love, is strange.",0
12521,What Are Saponins? Discovering Their Health Benefits,"in: Natural Medicine Saponins are naturally occurring plant glycosides; which is to say they are phytochemicals — chemicals found in plants. They possess soap-like qualities and produce a lather when mixed with water. [ 1 ] Over one hundred families of plants contain saponins and there are more than eleven classes of them including dammaranes, tirucallanes, lupanes, hopanes, oleananes, taraxasteranes, ursanes, cycloartanes, lanostanes, cucurbitanes, and steroids. [ 2 ] It’s believed many other varieties remain undiscovered. The word saponin is derived from sapo , Latin for “soap.” True to its name, the root of the Saponaria, or soapwort plant, has been traditionally used as soap. [ 1 ] Saponins offer tremendous health benefits. Studies have shown they may support the immune system , promote normal cholesterol levels, and support overall wellness. [ 3 ] Why Are Saponins Beneficial? Saponins have a unique chemical structure that produces foam when mixed with water, just like a detergent. And, also like detergent, can bind with water as well as fats and oils. This means that, in the digestive tract, saponins produce an emulsification of fat-soluble molecules. Specifically, they bind to bile acids and help eliminate them from the body, preventing cholesterol from being reabsorbed. You might even say saponins “wash away” various toxins. What Are the Health Benefits of Saponins? The unique chemical structure allows them to offer a number of prospective health benefits. It’s believed they have a favorable effect on cholesterol, can help boost the immune system, have an antioxidant effect, and may even support bone strength. Saponins and Cholesterol Saponins seem to help promote normal cholesterol levels. The body uses cholesterol to produce the bile necessary for digestion. They bind with bile and prevent cholesterol from being reabsorbed back into the bloodstream; rather, it’s simply excreted. Many cholesterol medications operate in the same way. The cholesterol-lowering effect of saponins has been known for decades. A 1977 animal study found that saponins may reduce cholesterol absorption. [ 4 ] A separate study found that giving a certain saponin extract to rats with high cholesterol reduced “bad” (LDL) cholesterol without affecting “good” (HDL) cholesterol. [ 5 ] Saponins Boost the Immune System In nature, plants rely on saponins as a mechanism to fight parasites. Similarly, when consumed by humans, they provide a similar defense against harmful organisms . One study demonstrated this action against Candida cells, specifically. [ 6 ] In another study, a specific type of saponin was observed to have antimicrobial activity that favorably influenced oral health. [ 7 ] Their ability to act as a broad, frontline shield reduces the burden on the immune system. Saponins and Cancer Saponins have several qualities that act against cancer cells. In particular, some have an antioxidant effect [ 8 ] and may be directly toxic to cancer cells. [ 9 ] Cancer cell membranes have cholesterol-type compounds. Like cholesterol, saponins are able to bind with these compounds and disrupt the proliferation of cancer cells. According to an article published in the Journal of Nutrition , saponins from soybeans may slow the growth of cancer cells. [ 10 ] Other studies have reported having induced the death of cancer cells and slowed tumor growth. [ 11 ] It’s important to realize that most of the research into the effects of saponins on cancer cells has been preliminary and involved specific enzymes, proteins, or other components of saponins extracted in specific ways and matched against specific cancer cells under specific situations. In other words, it’s not quite as simple as eating a handful of soapberries and thinking it will cure cancer. Other Health Benefits of Saponins Investigations into saponins have yielded a number of other, interesting revelations about their qualities. Preliminary research from a 2010 study concluded that saponins from Terminalia arjuna (arjun tree) may offer a therapeutic benefit for kidney or urinary stones. [ 12 ] In a 2015 issue of Natural Products Research , it was noted that, in the past ten years, several preclinical reports have suggested that they may offer hope as a natural solution for depression . [ 13 ] Other positive qualities include supporting Kupffer cells in the liver and encouraging normal detoxification. Saponins found in oats and spinach support digestion by accelerating the body’s ability to absorb calcium and silicon. In animal studies, saponins have been found to promote balanced blood sugar and support normal bone density. [ 14 , 15 ] Where to Find Saponins Saponins are a component in over a hundred different types of plants and foods including beans, chickpeas, peanuts, quinoa, and soy. They exist in nightshade vegetables like tomatoes. Herbs like ginseng, Tribulus terrestris , jiaogulan , bupleurum root , osha , and collinsonia also contain saponins. Saponins are common in food products, often added as an emulsifier. Some carbonated beverages like root beer rely on saponins extracted from yucca and quillaja to produce a foamy head. The berry shell from the soapberry plant can be used as a natural laundry detergent . The hard shell, which resembles a nut, releases saponins when it absorbs water, acting as a detergent to release grime, dirt, and oil from clothing. Have you used saponins in any way? Do you have an experience or thought to share? Leave a comment below and add to the conversation. References",0
12522,5 Habits All Successful Seducers Share,"Whether you are looking to attract a long-term girlfriend or wife, or you are experimenting with shorter-term liaisons, learning the art of seduction is essential. Reams of content have been written on the topic, both on ROK and elsewhere: indeed, it’s possible to get lost in a tsunami of pick-up advice.
But while it can be useful to absorb successful people’s techniques, a shortcut is to observe their habits and adopt them yourself. To that end, here is a list of the top five habits I’ve observed in men who are great with women.
1. They take every opportunity 
Guys who are great with women recognize and take up every opportunity that is presented to them. In this way they are somewhat akin to entrepreneurs. They know that the market is in a constant state of flux, and that change is at the heart of opportunity. As such, like the speculators of pussy they are, they are never afraid to launch a takeover bid, regardless of the circumstances.
Game writers will often advise men that they should be approaching all the time. I would wholeheartedly endorse this. I would also add that however many opportunities you’re taking now, there are always more to be had. I, for example, will try to get my first approach of the day in in the morning while I’m traveling to my office on the subway. There are so many cute girls on their way to work in London (or any reasonably-sized commuter city) and yet guys won’t talk to them, rationalizing that it is too early, she’ll think I’m crazy or whatever. In actual fact, I’ve probably taken more phone numbers and set up more dates through morning approaches than at any other time.
So next time you are out and about and see an attractive girl, be sure to approach her whatever the time or the circumstances. It is only by being present and open to all prospects that you will truly optimize your game.
2. They notice and follow up on IOIs 
While most game advice is centered on what the guy should do in order to attract the girl, the fact remains that there will be many times that girls will shoot you so-called ‘indicators of interest’, or IOIs, without you having done anything.
While I would never advise anyone to rely on these as a mainstay, I would counsel that you should always at least do your best to notice them, and to follow up with alacrity. Not only do direct IOIs frequently lead to sex, but also, if you fail to pursue a potentially-interested girl you may find yourself regretting it for a long time afterwards. Men, after all, are the more romantic gender. There are few more lasting self-inflicted wounds than the thought of that beautiful girl who smiled at you at the museum and who you just know you could have dated, had you had the courage to speak to her.
The successful seducer is always on the lookout for IOIs, therefore, and he’ll execute quickly when he gets them, even if it means deviating slightly from his routine. For example, a while back I was on a subway train when I got strong direct eye contact from an attractive, petite and very feminine brunette—just my type. Once you’ve been in the game a while you will learn to distinguish a solid IOI from casual interest, but the best way to describe it is as that “rabbit in the headlights” look that girls give when they are truly smitten.
Well, she was giving me that look and I knew I had to follow up. When she got of the train I went right after her, introduced myself on the platform, took her number and then left. A drink and then several awesome sex sessions ensued later. Had I not taken the time to go after her then we would never have connected.
Remember: always be willing to go after a sure thing, and never leave money on the table.
3. They stand out from the crowd 
Every truly successful seducer I have ever known has found ways to differentiate himself and stand out from the crowd. This can manifest itself in many ways, but primarily I’m talking about standing out physically (in terms of what you wear) and standing out in terms of your personality.
While the old concept of “peacocking” is rightly maligned by both men and women these days, there can nevertheless be little argument with the fact that, all else being equal, the better dressed man will be more successful than his slacks-and-sweatshirt counterpart. A former colleague of mine who has slept with more women than anyone else I’ve ever met was particular about his clothes to the point of obsession.
I appreciate that this will immediately cause some people to question his masculinity (“what real man takes so much care over his clothes?”) but remember that narcissism is one of the three “dark triad” characteristics that are like catnip to women (along with Machiavellianism and psychopathy). Therefore, taking time to select a silk pocket square that contrasts dramatically with your blazer plus the right trousers and shoes will help your cause a lot—if you remember that your main aim is to stand out rather than blend in.
Your personality, too, should be larger than life. Don’t be obnoxious, but as a rule of thumb try to ensure that you are louder and have more to say than the other men in the group.
4. They are dominant 
There can be no doubt that women are attracted to masculine men, and that means that to be a contender you need to be dominant. Now of course, the massive and blatantly obvious caveat here is that you should also be ultimately respectful and appreciate that no means no. Nevertheless, within these boundaries it will serve you well to ensure that your body language, your tone of voice and your general demeanor communicates dominance – both of the woman you are interacting with as well as any men in your vicinity.
The key thing here is to appear decisive and unwavering—even if secretly you aren’t. For example, after you’ve had a couple of drinks with a girl on a date, try getting up, taking her by the hand and simply leading her to a taxi. When she questions what you’re doing just say “we’re going back to my place to watch a movie.” Doing this will communicate that you have had similar success with women before and that you are not intimidated by her.
Now, in the back of your mind you may well be uncertain that she will acquiesce and that’s fine – just do the actions anyway and see what happens. She’s much more likely to want to go home with you if you demonstrate leadership and even if she doesn’t, she will still respect you more which will pay dividends the next time you meet.
5. They don’t apologize 
Highly successful seducers never apologize—or certainly not for minor social infractions anyway. The fact of the matter is you can’t make an omelette without breaking eggs. If you are the kind of guy who frequently approaches women while demonstrating leadership and a certain kind of cocky-funny humor then the chances are you’re going to offend someone every so often.
Now, I’m not recommending that you should be a dick—be classy and convivial in all your interactions. But the truth of the matter is that the real seducer always ruffles a few feathers in his quest for vaginal Valhalla. If someone gets offended then make a joke but don’t apologize. As long as have acted lawfully then you have nothing to be sorry for.
Remember, an apology is a submission to someone else’s frame—and that is never a good look.
Want to find out how to approach and seduce sexy girls? Buy my bestselling book, The Seven Laws of Seduction . For daily game advice connect with me on Twitter @Troy7Laws 
Read More: Why You Don’t Deserve That Perfect 10 
",0
12523,AdWeek Names Breitbart’s Boyle to List of Top 15 Political Power Players - Breitbart,"Matthew Boyle, the Breitbart News Washington, DC, editor has made AdWeek’s list of political power players keeping media real in the age of fake news. [From AdWeek:  Asked what one word best describes Breitbart’s tenacious political coverage, the site’s political editor echoes none other than Dan Rather. “Courageous,” says Matthew Boyle, who joined Breitbart in 2012 from The Daily Caller. Of Boyle’s work ethos, Breitbart editor in chief Alex Marlow has said he “typifies the ‘fighting spirit’ we value. ” In August, Boyle called out the media on Fox’s Sean Hannity Show for “100 percent using” fallen   solider U. S. Army Capt. Humayun Khan and his family “for their political goals. ” “We don’t take orders from anyone except ourselves on what we think we should be focused on,” says Boyle, who worked closely with former Breitbart chairman Steve Bannon, now Trump’s chief strategist. “Steve is a friend and my old boss, and I’ve learned so much from him,” Boyle notes. “He’s an incredibly smart person and I talk to him on occasion, as any good journalist would do, trying to get information out of newsworthy sources. ” Boyle says he plans to be in the business “for a long time” for one simple reason: “Someone has to do the tough work, and the amazing team we have at Breitbart is stepping up in a fantastic way to fill the void left behind by the receding relevancy of waning established legacy operations. It’s an exciting time to be in journalism, and I’m not even 30 years old yet. ”  —  Chris Ariens, For the rest of the article, click here.",0
12524,Stockholm Attacker Was ’Rejected Asylum Seeker’: British Citizen Among Dead,"Swedish police revealed Sunday the Uzbekistan citizen suspected of driving a stolen lorry into crowds killing four on Friday was a rejected asylum seeker who was wanted for deportation. [The    man was due to be expelled from Sweden, reports the country’s   newspaper AftonBladet. Police commander Jonas Hysing told the paper “we do not know where they are, so we can not enforce expulsion” speaking of the many migrants who should be deported from the country but the government keeps no records of their whereabouts.  The officer also confirmed police were aware that the suspect had expressed an interest and sympathy for the Islamic State online. According to the report, the man applied for a residence permit in 2014, and that it took until 2016 for it to be rejected, with the Asylum board ruling he should be deported. Officers called at his registered address in February 2017 but found he didn’t live there. Two months later it is believed the suspect stole a delivery lorry and drove through crowds and then into a department store in Stockholm, killing four and injuring 15. One of those identified as having died in the attack was a British citizen. Another was Belgian, and two more were Swedish citizens. No identities other than nationalities have yet been made public. Breitbart London reports Sunday that the suspect travelled to Sweden to make money in the construction trade. A source said of the man “He just wanted to make money, that’s why he was in Sweden and worked as a construction worker. His wife and children still live abroad”. This is not the first time in recent history that a rejected asylum seeker due to be deported by the Swedish government has gone on to launch an attack against citizens in the country. Breitbart London reported on the Ikea attack in August 2015 where Eritrean migrant Abraham Ukbagabir took a packet of knives in the shop’s kitchenware department and stabbed two shoppers to death before attempting to kill himself. He later told investigators he struck because he wanted “revenge” against Sweden for having his asylum application rejected. Despite having been so keen to stay in Sweden in 2015, the killer has since complained he doesn’t like Swedish prisons and wants to be transferred to one in Eritrea.",0
12525,"For Orchestras in the U.S., So Much Depends on Their Communities’ Fortunes - The New York Times","The orchestra world’s Black Friday began on Sept. 30 with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra going on strike in the morning and ended across Pennsylvania that evening with the Philadelphia Orchestra walking out as patrons gathered for its   gala. The Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra musicians, who were already on strike, sent their support on Twitter. But three strikes should not be taken to mean that classical music is out. While orchestras across the country face endemic challenges  —   rising costs and weakening demand, along with difficulty raising money as classical music’s place in the broader culture fades  —   each ensemble has its own obstacles, and its fortunes are often closely tied to its community’s. That is why some orchestras, including the mighty Los Angeles Philharmonic and the small Grand Rapids Symphony, which announced this year that it raised $40 million for its endowment, are able to thrive while others struggle. “I think orchestras are fundamentally local businesses,” said Thomas W. Morris, who has led both the Cleveland Orchestra and the Boston Symphony Orchestra. Mr. Morris added that while the unions representing musicians tend to look at what their peers are paid at comparable orchestras across the country, management typically focuses on what it thinks the local area can support. That is certainly the case in Philadelphia. The Philadelphia Orchestra is one of America’s best ensembles, known even to people who do not listen to much classical music for its playing in Walt Disney’s classic “Fantasia. ” Seven seasons ago its base pay was higher than at the New York Philharmonic or the Boston Symphony Orchestra, both in cities where the cost of living is substantially higher than in Philadelphia. Then the ensemble, facing a fiscal crisis, sought bankruptcy protection five years ago  —   betting that the ability to get rid of some of its pension obligations would outweigh any hit taken by its reputation. The musicians saw their pay cut by 14 percent, and, in the fiercely competitive orchestra world, fell behind those peers and dropped to the eighth   group in the nation, where they remain, according to Adaptistration, a website that tracks orchestra compensation. “Does it matter to us that last season our base salary was more than 18 percent less than the Boston Symphony, and over 24 percent less than that of the San Francisco Symphony?” the Philadelphia musicians asked in a statement released when they went on strike. “Yes, it does. In order for us to remain a great orchestra, we must be able to attract and retain the best players. ” (The cost of living is significantly higher in Boston and San Francisco than in Philadelphia.) The strike action is likely to direct renewed attention to the orchestra’s decision to seek bankruptcy protection in 2011. In an email she sent to supporters of the orchestra, Allison Vulgamore, the ensemble’s president and chief executive, said, “The talents of our great musicians must be recognized while also balancing the need for the kind of careful financial stewardship that will keep the Philadelphia Orchestra strong and viable for years to come. ” The financial challenge has grown as orchestras that could once count on support from business leaders and industrialists  —   when the Pittsburgh Symphony was founded at the turn of the last century, Pittsburgh was a booming steel town, and Andrew Carnegie helped support the ensemble  —   now must struggle to raise money in a very different kind of economy. “It used to be understood that there was a group of good community citizens, usually associated with the big companies in town who had deep ties to the community and a sense of civic responsibility,” Mr. Morris said. “Now companies are changing, they’re owned by holding companies, their headquarters are elsewhere, and CEOs move around. ” Pittsburgh’s musicians went on strike after rejecting a management proposal that they said would cut their pay by 15 percent in the first year, freeze their pensions and reduce the orchestra’s size. The chairman of its board, Devin McGranahan, said in a statement that its deficit and debt had put it on track to “run out of cash and have to close the doors” by spring. But it has not all been doom and gloom in the orchestra world this year. The Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, which had a lockout four years ago, agreed to a contract with raises this spring. The Minnesota Orchestra, which recently went through a grueling   lockout, has new labor peace and new board leadership, and went on tour to Europe this summer. The Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, which had a successful recent   campaign, is adding musicians to its roster at a moment when many ensembles are shrinking. Just this month a prominent arts blog asked: “Some Of Our Orchestras Seem To Be Thriving  —   Is This A New Trend?” Still, real tests remain. The old subscription model that orchestras relied on to fill seats is on the decline as audiences now prefer to make   decisions about their leisure time. Some orchestras are struggling with attendance. Cincinnati is renovating its Music Hall, and plans to reduce its capacity by roughly 1, 000 seats from the 3, 417 it once held. But even in shaky economic times the unions representing orchestra musicians hold power because without players, the show cannot go on: Their product, live performance, cannot be outsourced. That has made it difficult for orchestras to curb costs. Robert J. Flanagan, an emeritus professor at the Stanford Graduate School of Business who wrote the 2012 book “The Perilous Life of Symphony Orchestras,” said that the recent labor unrest showed that the challenges facing many orchestras had not disappeared with the end of the Great Recession. “From the point of view of the musicians, they’ve spent a long time developing their skills, so they tend to look at what people with similar skills are being paid at other orchestras,” he said in an interview. “On the management side, they’re basically stuck with what the community they’re located in is willing to pay. And those two perspectives have very little to do with each other. ”",0
12526,Man Arrested at Rally Tells Authorities He Wanted to Kill Donald Trump - The New York Times,"A man arrested at a Donald J. Trump rally in Las Vegas on Saturday told the authorities that he had intended to kill Mr. Trump, according to a complaint filed Monday in United States District Court in Nevada. The man, Michael Steven Sandford, was arrested after trying to grab an officer’s gun from her holster, the complaint said, and had lingered near the officer, telling her he wanted Mr. Trump’s autograph. In an interview after his arrest, the complaint says, Mr. Sandford told the authorities that he “made a conscious effort to come to Las Vegas to kill Trump,” and that he had been “planning to attempt to kill Trump for about a year. ” He also said that he expected to be killed by law enforcement personnel during his attempt on Mr. Trump’s life. Mr. Sandford said that the day before the rally, which was held at the Treasure Island casino, that he visited a nearby gun range to “learn how to shoot a gun” and that it was his first time using a weapon. He said he chose the specific officer because he noticed that her holster was in an “unlocked position. ” Mr. Sandford had a United Kingdom driver’s license when he was arrested and had been living in New Jersey for about a year and a half before driving to California, and eventually Las Vegas He said he had bought a ticket to Mr. Trump’s rally in Phoenix later that day as a backup plan should he not find an opportunity in Las Vegas. All rallies for Mr. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, are protected by the Secret Service and feature full metal scanners at the entrance, along with numerous members of his private security detail throughout the events. The Trump campaign directed all requests for comment to the Secret Service. In an email, a spokeswoman for the Secret Service confirmed that Mr. Sandford was arrested after trying to disarm the officer. She said that the investigation was continuing and that he could face additional charges.",0
12527,Under the Big Top – America’s Three Rings of Evil Clowns | New Eastern Outlook,"Region: USA in the World As an American, someone raised to believe truth and justice will prevail, I am appalled at the foreign and domestic policies of my country’s government. The level and scope of the deceit with which the Obama administration has laid out onto the world stage is embarrassing. For the first time in my 61 years I realize why some figures in our history were ashamed of being known as American. Our leaders have shamed us, done irreparable damage to our heritage and our legacy as a people, and still most of my countrymen sit idle. America today reminds me of a traveling circus, three rings of evil clowns entertaining a peanut gallery of onlookers. Or are we participant clowns? For over the better part of Barack Obama’s presidency we’ve witnessed the most respected nation transformed, step-by-step, into one of the most dreaded empires the world has ever known. 300 million people, all their ancestors, and their future generations will pay the overwhelming cost of Obama’s mistakes and malfeasance in office. While I do not personally believe this man is evil, I am sure the people behind him are. The lies, the impact, the unbelievable devastation these people have unwrapped, it spells the end of a perfect dream for humanity. I wonder as I type this, how many people reading it will realize how true my words are. John Kirby, the spokesperson for the US Department of State is a prototype for all that is wrong with our nation. He is a mirror reflection of Secretary of State John Kerry, who is in turn a further reflection of Barack Obama and the people who stand behind. They lie, cheat, steal, kill, maim, or at best coerce in order to achieve goals their constituency (the people) have no inkling of. All of us knew politicians have always been liars and crooked, but the degree to which we can be betrayed is unheard of today. This press conference on the alleged bombing of Aleppo hospitals by Russia, it is damning, damnable evidence of what I am saying. This is, of course, if one watches intently and then reasons. Compare what Kirby says, with what you have seen or read from the Wall Street Journal or the New York Times. Measure the tone and content of this unique message. Bear with me, and I’ll help you convict these warmongers of their crimes. The Circus of Liars I must point out that Barack Obama has had more State Department spokespersons than any president in history. First there was Sean McCormack, from 2005 to 2009, a leftover from the Bush administration. After McCormack’s tour of administration liar in chief, he joined Boeing in 2009 and serves as the as vice president of Communications in Government Operations. McCormack left the Obama administration to more or less help Hillary Clinton and the “click” extend the growth of companies like Boeing. This Washington Post piece (amazingly) condemns both Hillary Clinton and McCormack for their apparent collusion to morph policy into business with, guess who? Why Mother Russia, of course. Philip J. “P.J.” Crowley made his “deal with the devil” from 2009 to 2011. The 2011-2012 recipient of the General Omar N. Bradley Chair in Strategic Leadership (? The Military ties to State) is a War College bred and reared pentagon puppet. The fact most recent State Department liars are former military begs the question; “Why is our foreign policy institution lined with CIA, spooks, War College graduates and command grade military officers?” Crowley is an interesting example of how our foreign service is infested with war hawks and military industrial minions. To Crowley’s credit, his candidness in the wake of the mistreatment of whistleblower Chelsea Manning, and his subsequent resignation redeemed this old soldier by comparison to his colleagues. He is emblematic of a system that uses good soldiers in order to mislead the people, and to misdirect our policies toward the wrong goals. Crowley is pretty much off the radar now, but somehow still semi-loyal to the Obama-Clinton team. His tweets on Twitter hum the Democratic Party line. He’s now a Fellow at The George Washington University Institute for Public Diplomacy, which means he’s been let out to pasture. Next we come to Victoria Jane Nuland, the pin-up girl of soulless and reprehensible US bureaucrats. From my perspective, as someone who has covered the Ukraine civil war extensively, Nuland in Kiev reminds me of the worst parts of the rise of Nazi Germany. I cannot possibly be bombastic enough in characterizing this Hillary Clinton spawn. It is not my nature to be unkind, or less than a gentleman, but this woman is no lady. Her hacked conversation, with fellow psychopath, US Ambassador to Ukraine Geoffrey Pyatt, lives in infamy amidst volumes of horrid US intentions. “Fuck the EU”, along with the clear regime change the Obama White House was behind, should have spelled resignation for this demonic Washington witch. She, and her colleague Pyatt, are complicit in the deaths of thousands of innocent men, women and children in the Donbass. Nuland, who most agree will be Hillary Clinton’s Secretary of State should he reach office, is the most deadly psychopath the American people could possibly put in charge of our foreign service. For the Russians who still have to deal with her, I am sure 20 minutes looking at her is unbearable. This is America fiddling, while our reputation abroad burns. She is the queen of regime change, she and her husband children of the ideology America needs to forcefully alter world governments. This is the “WOW” persona, the caricature of disastrous Washington policy. Don’t take my word, research Nuland starting here , and see where it leads. Jen Psaki lied so well, and stuck up her nose to the dissenting press so expertly, she graduated the US State Department right up to the White House. Those of us who winced at her nonchalant misrepresentation of facts, also understand she is part of the click that now inhabits the halls of power in Washington. Psaki is part of a country club that runs it all. If the Democrats win in November’s presidential election, people like Psaki will become monsters, an empowered American politburo kin to the worst fascists in history. Psaki is the official cheerleader now, of a White House campaign to create a legacy for the worst president in American history. Catch her Twitter feed her, and figure out why in the world Barack Obama would want to be a Wired Magazine editor for a day. Despite her pallid and docile appearance, make no mistake, this Obama minion is as deadly as Nuland, maybe even more so. I recall Psaki launched a social media attack on Russia that was nearly universally ridiculed as “hash tag diplimacy.” Her “hot mic” comment on her own points on Egypt at a press conference as being “ridiculous”, they remind me of Obama being caught promising then Russian President Dmitry Medvedev he’d “fix” the ABM missiles issue if he won in 2012. What makes this spokesperson so dangerous is her forward enthusiasm, and her seeming happy-go-lucky satisfaction with being part of the biggest lie ever perpetrated. Lying is transfigured into truth, a job well worth doing. Good God. Finally we come to John Kirby, Naval War College trained mouthpiece for Emperor Caligula (look him up and compare to our presidents) and whichever Nero we elect next. A Public Affairs Officer (PAO) at the command level in the US Navy, he’s what many former military people would refer to as a first class boot licker. I’m a squid myself, so I am familiar with the type. Kirby would climb a tree to tell a lie, if ordered to do so, and show righteousness in doing so. Kirby, Kerry, the whole Obama administration is utterly absurd. This recent press conference reveals just how out of bounds US policy is. Furthermore, Kirby’s contention the Syrian war cannot end without airpower being grounded is likewise idiotic. The State Department’s stance on Russia’s hammering of jihadists only makes sense, if the overthrow of Assad and his legitimate government is a goal. John Kirby: Syrian War Won’t End Without Grounding Aircraft – this is the headline that calls our attention to the fact Assad is about to wreck Washington’s plan. Regime change has become such a common term now, that media consumers are immune to what it really means. Since the first Bush took office, since the fall of the Berlin Wall, more governments have been turned upside down than at any time since World War II. And the “Kirbys” of the world are accomplices to massive world chaos. Kirby’s “Russians in body bags” threat has pushed the Kremlin’s panic button now. We have descended into crisis policy, an all or nothing lunacy that can only end in war. Three Rings of Evil Clowns These people are all deplorable. But compared to the linchpins of war they speak for, each is insignificant by comparison. This message for instance, the New York Times headline “U.S. Officials Say Russia Probably Attacked U.N. Humanitarian Convoy”, it did not originate with them. Our new “probably” dogma is a function of a failing freedom, the complete takeover of a free press by western oligarchs that make Russian mafia types seem impotent. Watching this evil circus reminds me of a twisted horror movie, a guttural glimpse at wicked clowns betraying the children they are supposed to love and entertain. The Soros and Rockefeller types, those Rotschilds and the Goldman Sachs sharks, Silicon Valley fakers and Wall Street urchins the Clintons take money off of, the whole mess in our nation’s capital stinks to high heavens. Just how my countrymen stomach it leaves me breathless and clueless at times. America is taking part in a wider broadcast of the movie “The Turman Show” these days. Raised up to believe in freedom of the press and the merits of democracy, my countrymen have been conditioned to rely on their media, their leaders, and the seeming implausibility that one group can take over the world. Well, a group has taken over half of it, and with the proper time and funding, this can be proven. Since me or some other researcher has no such investigative grant, the case against these evil clowns goes untried. The Nation, Slate, Global Research, RT, and myriad independent media attempt to dissent. But trillions of dollars flow back and forth fueling the paranoiac message – Russia is the enemy again! The first ring of circus clowns wield more power than Xerxes, the Bilderbergs probably even believe their own cause – perpetuating the elite order is, after all, a noble genetic cause. In the second ring business types and the oh-so aggressive and ambitious, they will literally do anything to succeed. The Clintons, Bushs, and Obamas out there are the master puppets. Their mission is pretty clear, pay the devil his due and cash in. It’s really as simple as all that. Today’s Washington is a bit like Chicago during Capone’s time. Once the “Man” has you, he’s got you but good. La Cosa Nostra hasn’t got anything on the numbers games along the Potomac. The little crime bosses, grown up from their internships and grant designations, they pepper every institution in America. As they graduate, God knows what goals the Kirbys of the world set out to achieve. In the wider center ring, it’s easy to see the Clinton Foundation workers really do drink Bill and Hillary’s Kool Aid. Mind washed into believing in the ultimate bullshit, naïve middle intellectuals become squirming opportunists, oblivious to the fact they sold out. The “Man” has got them, and early on. Meanwhile, the whole mess is cloaked in the guise of democracy, and hidden underneath people’s fear they’ll be called conspiracy theorists. George Orwell’s 1984 seems to have been written to exclude the possibility complete control could be achieved. But isn’t that how complete control is ultimately achieved? Above the center ring, high up on the flying trapeze liberty defies death. The people are doing a high wire act without a net. We are the third ring of clowns, only we are hesitant to see our role as sellouts too. America is life under the big top, with our favorite pop stars handing out peanuts. I don’t know how you feel about it, but I feel utterly betrayed. Phil Butler, is a policy investigator and analyst, a political scientist and expert on Eastern Europe, exclusively for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook” . Popular Articles ",0
12528,Baba Vanga Was Right About Obama's Presidency And The 9/11 Attacks Sees Dire Future For Trump And The US,"The Blind Prophetess claims Barrack Obama will be the last president of the United States.

Baba Vagan is a cult figure in some circles in the Balkan states because of her uncanny knack for making astonishingly accurate predictions about the future.


Baba Vagan, who is sometimes referred to as the blind prophetess, is credited with predicting the events of September 11th, 2001 in the 1980s. It has been said that she had a vision of ‘American brethren’ being attacked by two steel birds which some believe could have symbolised the two hijacked jet planes which smashed into the Twin Towers of the World Trade Centre complex.

Perhaps even more impressively, she also made a prediction that the 44th President of the United States would be an African-American. However, unfortunately for the controversial president-elect Donald Trump, Vagan has said that Barrack Obama would be the last president that America would ever have and that Trump will never actually come to power. Extrapolating from this, supporters of Vagan have suggested that something catastrophic will happen to American civilisation in the space of the next two months and that the ramifications will be so deep that it would irrevocably abolish the office of the presidency. Others have suggested that it means that Trump will eschew the title and role of ‘president’ and instead install himself as a permanent dictator of the United States . 

It has been estimated that 85% of Baba Vagan’s prophecies have come to pass. However, sceptics have suggested that her prophecies are so vague that she is credited with being accurate more often than is reasonable. Her supporters have also been criticised for making fraudulent claims about her powers of psychic deduction.

However, for those who are inclined to find out more about the mysterious blind prophetess it may be of interest to know about some of her other predictions for the future. Vagan believes that human beings will have established cities under the oceans in 2130, that there will be a war on Mars in the year 3000 and by 3797 the Earth will be destroyed, but humanity will survive after fleeing to another universe.

Disclose TV 
SOURCE ",0
12529,"Hillary Clinton’s Backers Thought She Couldn’t Lose. Now, ‘I Can’t Go There.’ - The New York Times","Beside the olive display at Zabar’s, that iconic hub of lox and neurosis on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, Linda Donohue was trying to talk herself down. Surely the polls she tracked anxiously were not to be trusted, she said. Surely Donald J. Trump, the man with the garish golden tower across town, would not be allowed to reach the White House. “We have to have more faith in the American public,” said Ms. Donohue, 61, a longtime New Yorker now living in Seattle. A man behind her could not suppress a loud snort. Then Cathi Anderson, who was shopping with Ms. Donohue, mentioned yet another distressing poll, this one from Ohio, which showed Mr. Trump ahead. Ms. Donohue nodded grimly. Just in case her faith in the American electorate was misplaced, Ms. Donohue said, she had retained her Irish citizenship. For both parties, every election can feel like the most vital of a lifetime, the one day standing between a   nation and its imminent demise. Among liberals, there is an especially rich tradition of “” as even some practitioners call it, at the faintest sign of shakiness from their candidate. But as Hillary Clinton lurches toward Election Day, her supporters at times seem overwhelmed by a tsunami of unease, exacerbated by Mrs. Clinton’s bout of pneumonia and a   acknowledgment of the illness. They are confronting a question they had assumed, just a few weeks ago, they would not need to consider in a race against the most unpopular presidential nominee in modern times: Could Mrs. Clinton actually blow this? “It’s like someone dropped ice water on the head of America,” Julie Gaines, the owner of Fishs Eddy, a home goods store in Manhattan, said of Mr. Trump’s increased odds. “Everyone sobered up. This could happen. ” The creeping dread has accelerated in recent days, reaching critical levels even by Democratic standards. Mrs. Clinton became sick. Several polls tightened to the margin of panic, with Mr. Trump overtaking her in surveys in Ohio and Florida. And even as Democrats hoped on Friday that Mr. Trump’s latest gambit  —   seeking to distance himself from his long history of “birtherism”  —   would backfire, there is a fear that no scandal can sink him. A cartoon in The New Yorker captured it best: A woman sits in her psychiatrist’s office, perspiring in distress. The doctor scribbles on a pad. “I’m giving you something for Hillary’s pneumonia,” the caption reads. Supporters of Mrs. Clinton have greeted the moment with varying degrees of alarm, according to interviews with dozens of them across the country. They read warily about the health of her lungs and her   field operations. They reassure one another by reminding themselves of President Obama’s two winning campaigns, which encountered similar fits of concern after Labor Day. But even some zealous Clinton defenders have grown frustrated with their candidate, marveling at the prospect of her snatching defeat from the jaws of victory, for which some say they would never forgive her. The campaign’s decision last week not to acknowledge Mrs. Clinton’s pneumonia until two days after a diagnosis, once video surfaced of her stumbling out of a Sept. 11 memorial service on Sunday, has especially rankled. “They kept it from us,” said Sonia Ascher, 74, a former campaign volunteer, sitting with her husband and son at a coffee shop in Portsmouth, N. H. “It was just another thing again, another mistake, which she really can’t afford right now. ” The gloom seems to be spreading. Maurice Doucet, 55, a software engineer from Portland, Ore. wondered aloud on Wednesday how the race had gotten this close, lamenting Mrs. Clinton’s use of a private email server as secretary of state. “The rational side of my brain goes, ‘There’s no way people are actually going to switch sides,’” he said of voters’ movement toward Mr. Trump. “But the emotional side,” he added, his voice trailing off moments later. In Washington Square Park in Manhattan, among smitten college students and acoustic guitars, Guillermo Vidal, 75, grimaced at the thought of a Trump presidency. His friend’s bichon   mix, Dipsy, sat on the bench beside him, looking fretful. Mr. Vidal was asked what was troubling Dipsy. “She’s a Democrat,” Mr. Vidal said dryly. Then there are those who traffic in angst professionally, who are straining to consider even the chance of a Trump election. “The possibility of that is too horrifying to broach,” Larry David, the “Seinfeld”   and “Curb Your Enthusiasm” star, wrote in an email. “It’s like contemplating your own death. ” Surely Mr. David had done that, too? “I can’t go there,” he said. In liberal enclaves, some modest contingency planning has begun. Threats of relocation are a bipartisan ritual every four years, expanding the audience for Canadian home listings. But this time, voters seem to be taking their research a bit more seriously. Ramona Gant, 28, a graduate student in Chicago, said she had just renewed her passport with the election in mind. Ms. Donohue’s friend at Zabar’s, Ms. Anderson, also of Seattle, mused that Vancouver was not too far up the road. Mike Brennan, 67, from Ventura County, Calif. is keeping an eye on the stock market. “If it looks like it’s going to be close,” said Mr. Brennan, a Republican supporting Mrs. Clinton, “I’ll pull my money out. ” For many Americans, Mr. Trump’s momentum has registered as a more visceral threat, heightening concerns that had festered since his candidacy began. Ahtziry Barrera, 18, a college freshman from Orlando, Fla. arrived in the United States more than a decade ago from Mexico. Under an Obama administration policy known as DACA, which Mrs. Clinton has vowed to protect, Ms. Barrera has been allowed to stay in the country because she entered as a child. “A lot of people were not taking him seriously. ‘Oh, he’s not going to win.’ But it happened,” she said of Mr. Trump’s success in the Republican primary race. “It is a big stress on me, knowing that Nov. 8 is the day I’ll know whether my future is going to be secure or not. ” Some optimists have preached calm, reminding one another of Mrs. Clinton’s organizational advantages and holding out hope that she can best Mr. Trump decisively on a debate stage. While allowing that Mrs. Clinton has not run a perfect race, many of her admirers have cast blame elsewhere, singling out the news media, the Republicans who nominated Mr. Trump and, of course, the man himself. Gloria Steinem, the feminist leader and a Clinton supporter, said in an email that she had sensed a growing worry in recent weeks, fearing that Mr. Trump’s candidacy was becoming “legitimized by ‘media evenhandedness’” that had made his assorted scandals seem more banal. “There are things any campaign could do better, but in this case, I fear it’s like blaming the victim instead of the bully  —   dissociating in the hope that we won’t be bullied, too,” she wrote. “It’s like saying, ‘If only she hadn’t been walking in that neighborhood.   …    ’” Others hold tight to an abiding belief, perhaps against their better judgment, that everything will work out. “I still believe in humanity,” said Nadia Johnson, 22, a Brooklyn resident lunching at a Whole Foods this week. She quickly added a request: Ask her again in November.",0
12530,Sex Attacks At Swedish Festivals Have Risen 1000 Percent,"A new report has revealed that sex attacks at Swedish festivals have increased as much as 1000 percent in 2016, a trend which does not appear to be changing.[  organisation The Night Shift say they have documented over a hundred cases of sexual molestation, and that the numbers continue to rise Expressen reports. Over the past year, Sweden has seen a dramatic increase in the number of sex attacks at open air festivals and amusement parks across the country.  Grona Lund, an amusement park in Stockholm, was the scene of one sex attack last year, but so far this year there have been at least four according to security manager Fredrik Gemzell. The park, which has only been open since April, is one of the busiest in the country. “All cases are reported to the police. It is young teenage girls who have been victims,” said Gemzell adding, “We have our own security centre, where visitors can call. In addition, we have a security team which patrols the park. It is good that the police reported. It’s an incredible, totally unacceptable behaviour. ” In reaction to the many sex attacks over the last year, Lisen Andréasson Florman formed the Night Shift, an NGO designed to help put pressure on festival organisers to prevent future sex attacks. Despite some festival organisers listening to the complaints and increasing their security, festivals like We are Sthlm still saw 50 sexual assault incidents.    Alexandra Larsson was a victim of a sex attack at the Putte i Parken in Karlstad last year. “First, someone touched me on the butt a few times. I turned around and inquired who had done it, but got no answer,” Larrson said. “This was repeated several times. Finally, someone took me on the genitals. Then I got angry and turned around and shouted, ‘Whoever it was, you are an idiot! ’” Larrson was one of 32 young girls who was sexually attacked at the festival according to reports. The youngest was only   . Many of the men who have committed sex attacks at the various festivals were described as having a “foreign origin. ” At the Bravalla Festival in Norrkoping another girl, only 15, claimed that foreign men had sexually attacked her and her five friends. Official data from the Swedish government has shown that over the last two years sexual assaults have risen by a massive 70 percent nationwide. Between 13 and 14 percent of women now say they won’t venture out alone at night due to fears they may become victims of an attack.",0
12531,Putin Just Exposed US Election Rigging By Trolling The State Dept. In The Most Hilarious Way,"Putin Just Exposed US Election Rigging By Trolling The State Dept. In The Most Hilarious Way Oct 28, 2016 Previous post 
Proving he does, indeed, possess both a caustic wit and sharp political acumen, Putin just shut down the raging rigged elections controversy in what could best be called an epic prank to prove the point — Russia requested, and was unsurprisingly denied, permission to monitor the U.S. presidential election. 
Think about it. This somewhat tongue-in-cheek offer, although likely made with the expectation of futility, makes several critical points on the true farcical nature of the American electoral process. 
State Department spokesman Mark Toner, cited by USA Today , dismissively condemned President Vladimir Putin’s suggestion as a “PR stunt,” and Meg Casper, spokeswoman for Louisiana Secretary of State Tom Schedler, noted, “We’ve allowed observers from overseas in the past from other countries, never from Russia,” adding both the FBI and Department of Homeland Security “told us not to do this.” 
But the swift rebuke from the U.S. aligns more with its unprecedented since the Cold War anti-Russia propaganda campaign — a sensationalistic and proven fictitious narrative meant to inculcate Americans into believing Russia poses an imminent threat. 
In fact, with the Clinton campaign thoroughly capitalizing on the laughable narrative to warn Russia might attempt to rig the elections, and Donald Trump, rightly pointing to the former secretary of state’s efforts to rig the system from within and being accused of having ties to Putin, the State Department’s rebuke seems more a hypocrisy-tinged joke. 
As USA Today reports, “Toner noted that U.S. officials participated in a similar observation mission for Russia’s parliamentary elections in September.” 
How the U.S. State Department expects anyone to ignore this blatant moral duplicity — It’s Perfectly Acceptable When We Do It, But Not For Someone We Don’t Like — was not made immediately clear. 
Russia would, by any measurable standard, have every reason to act as an election observer, despite being “categorically rejected” — all talk of the 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
12533,BREAKING: Judge Issues Restraining Order Against Donald Trump,"Comments 
A federal judge in Ohio has slapped the Trump Campaign and dirty trickster Roger Stone with a restraining order for their minority voter intimidation tactics. Judge James S. Gwin issued an order that prohibits the Trump campaign and Roger Stone or his super PAC “Stop the Steal” from seven illegal activities, listed below. Stone did not make an appearance or send counsel. Amazingly, the Ohio Republican Pary avoided being enjoined by the order. 
Ohio Democratic Party Chairman David Pepper said in a statement to Cleveland.com that “with this decision, Ohioans can feel confident that they will be able to make their voices heard in this election.” Yale educated civil rights lawyer Subodh Chandra gave a play by play of the hearing on twitter, and noted that the Trump campaign had few answers for the judge’s questions. Chandra’s conclusions about the voter suppression hearing reflect the new terrain that the Republican party and Trump campaign have blazed in their open desire to suppress the vote: Graduating @YaleLawSch 22 yrs ago, I never thought I'd be sitting in a fed ct watching a hrng re enforcement of the KKK Act for an election. 
— (((Subodh Chandra))) (@SubodhChandra) November 4, 2016 
The federal judge’s ruling prohibits the following illegal behaviors by Donald Trump, Roger Stone and “Stop the Steal”: 
a. Hindering or delaying a voter or prospective voter from reaching or leaving the polling place fixed for casting the voter’s ballot; 
b. Engaging in any unauthorized “poll watching” activities inside of polling places, within one hundred feet of polling places (“the buffer zone”)11, or within ten feet of a voter standing in a line extending beyond the buffer zone.12 Unauthorized “poll watching” includes challenging or questioning voters or prospective voters about their eligibility to vote, or training, organizing, or directing others to do the same; 
c. Interrogating, admonishing, interfering with, or verbally harassing voters or prospective voters inside polling places, in the buffer zone, or within ten feet of a voter standing in line outside the buffer zone, or training, organizing, or directing others to do the same; 
d. Distributing literature and/or stating to individuals at polling places, in the buffer zone, or within ten feet of a voter standing in line outside the buffer zone, that voter fraud is a crime, or describing the penalties under any Ohio or Federal statute for impermissibly casting a ballot, or training, organizing, or directing individuals to do the same; 
e. Gathering or loitering, or otherwise being present without the intention to vote, at polling places, in the buffer zone, or within ten feet of a voter standing in line outside the buffer zone; 
f. Following, taking photos of, or otherwise recording voters or prospective voters, those assisting voters or prospective voters, or their vehicles at or around a polling place, or training, organizing, or directing others to do the same; 
g. Questioning, and training, organizing, or deputizing any persons to question voters at Ohio polling places, in the buffer zone, or within ten feet of a voter standing in line outside the buffer zone, under the guise of the purported “exit polling” or “citizen journalist” operations organized and encouraged by Defendants Stone and Stop the Steal. 
The Republican National Committee was also in court this morning, and a federal judge in Newark heard both sides of the DNC’s national action to stop minority voter intimidation under a 1982 consent decree. Spokesmen for the Democratic lawyers said that they were satisfied with the results of the hearing, and that the judge said he wouldn’t finish ruling today, but that a decision may be disseminated over the weekend in the emergency litigation. 
The Republican nominee’s efforts at voter intimidation and a campaign of suppressing the vote are the last refuge of a political loser. More importantly, Trump and Stone’s actions violate the federal laws meant to protect the right to vote, democracy and civil rights in America for all citizens.",0
12534,Trump’s Choice on Obamacare: Sabotage or Co-opt? - The New York Times,"President Trump and a   Congress tried and failed to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Now, they have to decide whether they want to work with it or sabotage it. Both Mr. Trump and congressional leaders acknowledged on Friday that they would not bring their repeal bill back for a vote any time soon. That means that, as Speaker Paul Ryan said, “we’re going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future. ” Mr. Ryan and Mr. Trump reiterated their criticisms of the law and set the stage for watching it collapse and blaming the Democrats for the aftermath. “I’ve been saying for the last year and a half that the best thing we can do politically speaking is let Obamacare explode,” Mr. Trump said from the Oval Office. “It is exploding now. ” Mr. Ryan said that Obamacare’s architects would be sad that the bill was allowed to live on, given what he described as its inevitable failure. In fact, Obamacare is not on the verge of “explosion. ” Enrollment in its insurance marketplaces is steady, and several independent analyses suggest that insurance prices have stabilized after a sharp market correction this year. But the structures it set up to provide health insurance to   Americans are vulnerable. Insurance companies have struggled to make money in the early years of the new markets, and many have backed out. Others remain tentatively committed and skittish. Mr. Trump will need to decide, quickly, whether his goal is to knock over the   markets, or help prop them up. If he decides to topple them, next year could be very messy. Insurers are making their decisions right now about whether to enter the markets for next year and about how much to charge their customers. Signals from the administration in the next few weeks about whether he will help or hurt them will almost certainly guide insurers’ choices. The biggest immediate decision concerns a court dispute between the House and the administration over subsidies to help   insurance buyers pay their deductibles and  . The House has argued that the money for those subsidies was not properly authorized. The Obama White House fought the case. It is not clear whether Mr. Trump’s lawyers will do the same. The availability of those subsidies, used by a majority of Obamacare customers, is critical for insurers in the markets. Without the subsidies, all the insurers will lose some money, and many smaller carriers will face bankruptcy. If Mr. Trump does not fight the court case, the Obamacare markets in most states will unravel quickly, leaving millions without insurance options on his watch. Many of the beneficiaries are Trump voters. There are smaller decisions ahead, too, about how to administer programs, whether to enforce the law’s individual mandate, and whether to recruit insurers to participate in markets where competition is thin. So far, Mr. Trump’s secretary for health and human services, Tom Price, has taken every opportunity to gloat about the health law’s setbacks, even as he is administering its programs. Mr. Price, perhaps more than Mr. Trump, has long been committed to the Affordable Care Act’s demise. But now he will have to manage the law’s many programs. Obama administration officials called insurers, cajoling and reassuring them. If Mr. Trump wants the markets to be vigorous, he could use his     skills to woo insurance companies into the stabilizing markets. If Mr. Trump and Mr. Price can make peace with the health law, there are opportunities to steer it in a more conservative direction. The law gives broad authority to the executive branch to shape health care policy. So far, the health law has been driven by Obama administration priorities, but that could change. A few early regulatory changes have begun that process. The Trump administration plans to make it harder for people to sign up for plans midyear. It has given insurers more wiggle room to raise their deductibles. It may be able to make alterations that loosen up benefit requirements  —   though it won’t be able to completely eliminate them, as Republicans sought to do at the last minute in the failed bill. The administration will also have enormous power to allow states to reshape their Medicaid programs  —   and even their local insurance markets  —   through waivers to existing law. Seema Verma, the   administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, was a consultant who helped states write pathbreaking conservative proposals for their Medicaid programs. She is ideally positioned to approve many more such waivers from   states, allowing them to impose premiums,   and even work requirements for Medicaid beneficiaries. A new Obamacare waiver program has just gone into effect: It would allow states to overhaul their entire health insurance markets if they can show that their revised plans would cover as many people. That process could allow Ms. Verma and Mr. Price to approve state plans that hew more closely to the Republican vision for health care. New powers granted under the Affordable Care Act allow the Department of Health and Human Services to make major changes to the Medicare program, through demonstration projects meant to lower costs and improve patient care. The Obama administration set a precedent of imposing “mandatory” projects on large portions of the country to test policy ideas. So far, Mr. Price has looked askance at such efforts. But the provision could give him power to reshape what Medicare pays for and how seniors receive their care. Nicholas Bagley, a law professor at the University of Michigan, has criticized the Obama administration for stretching its legal authority with some of its Obamacare choices. But those choices have created a precedent for the Trump administration to stretch the health law in its own direction. “If you think Congress is done, and you don’t want to provoke a reaction anymore, then you own this,” he said. “You will be judged as an executive on the performance of Obamacare. ” For years, opposing Obamacare has been a rallying cry for Republicans. But if Republicans can’t repeal Obamacare, they could instead   it. There are opportunities for Trumpcare yet.",0
12535,8 Reasons Why You Should Try Photography As A Hobby,"Submit Home This Month Popular 8 Reasons Why You Should Try Photography As A Hobby 8 Reasons Why You Should Try Photography As A Hobby Photography really is one of the most rewarding hobbies a man could pursue Ness Nomadison 
Ness is a thirty-something American with almost a decade of experience living and traveling across Asia. He's a strong believer in pursuing one's passions, continual self-improvement, and just being the best man he can be. He runs his own website, NessTheNomad.com . November 21, 2016 Lifestyle 
Have you ever had a curiosity in photography, yet you weren’t sure if it’s a hobby really worthy of your limited time? Then this article was written for you, as I was also once in your shoes. 
I picked up a DSLR camera for the first time back in 2013, which awoke a passion inside me that I never even knew was there. Three and half years later, I’m here to tell you just a few of the many benefits and realizations I’ve experienced by taking on this timeless hobby. Here are eight reasons photography might just be the most meaningful hobby you’ve overlooked your entire life. 1. An Opportunity to Flex Your Creative Muscle 
In order to be balanced human beings, I believe people need to be physically healthy, spiritually awake, and creatively expressive. Photography, just like writing and film, is a selfless way to be creative while also giving something back to the world. 
The way we interpret our world changes from individual to individual, and photography provides a medium for people to express themselves. Ask ten different photographers to photograph the same thing – a city for example – and be prepared to see ten wildly different visions of the same subject. In our sensory-overload world, it feels good to create something that’s uniquely you. 2. Appreciate and Understand Your Surroundings More 
I now find myself seeing everything around me in rectangular frames–a takeaway from having to frame so many pictures over the years. “Oh, those people over there would fit perfectly into a 3:2 box,” or “that building over there would look perfect boxed in from this angle.” My eyes are now sharper than ever. 
But I also find myself observing and appreciating all the little things around me. I always have to keep my camera nearby, because I often want to photograph something I’ve noticed in my daily routine. The pattern on a sewer lid, a reflection in a puddle, birds perched in a tree, and so forth. 
My pre-photographer self, just like most of the rest of the world, would have walked right past these things without a care in the world. Yet now I can be entertained from the most minuscule and simple things, especially if my camera is handy. The world is full of photogenic things, if can just teach yourself to notice them. 3. Help Preserve History 
Since its inception, photography has always been one of the most moving ways to preserve history in our rapidly changing modern times. Photos touch people in a way other media can’t. Both photography and video are both visual arts, but photographs differ in that they capture merely one frame of what is going on. Yet one frame is all one needs to feel taken back to another time. 
With the advent of the smartphone, photography is as accessible as ever. While this sounds good on paper, the truth is our world’s becoming more and more flooded with garbage and narcissistic photographs. Our world needs more adventurous and well-trained photographers out there taking photos of the modern world we live in and the rapid changes it’s undergoing. These are the photos that will be cherished decades down the road, not all the shitty selfies that bog down social media. 4. Travel Experiences Will Be More Meaningful 
Photography goes with traveling like bread goes with butter. It took me nearly five years of traveling internationally to finally get serious about doing photography on my trips, and after I got started, I never looked back. 
Rather than traveling for escapism and hedonism, I’m traveling to learn about and document our world. As a result, my trips feel much more meaningful and fulfilling than they ever did before. The way you see and come to understand a country as a photographer is quite different than if you weren’t one. 
I now divide my history of travel experiences into two separate groups–the trips I had before I owned a DSLR camera, and the trips I had after buying one. Photography is so fun and addicting, that I find myself wanting to go back to all those pre-DSLR camera destinations, even the ones I didn’t enjoy all that much, just so I can re-experience them with a camera in hand. 5. An Opportunity to Meet New People 
One thing I always try to do when I travel is meet fellow photographers. Whether they be foreign or local, I appreciate talking to people with an observational eye, as they can provide me with unique insight that non-photographers rarely can. 
But photography doesn’t just help you meet other photographers, it helps you meet other people from all walks of life. I’ve had regular people on the street come up and talk to me once they saw I was taking photos. I’ve also met people from online for no other reason than they liked my work. 
Being a good photographer can also be a great way to meet women. They’re not gonna start blowing you as soon as they see your awesome pictures, but don’t be surprised if you discover some newfound female admiration once your excellent photography skills are out in the open. And if you can make a woman look beautiful in a photo, she’ll admire you in a way you never imagined. 6. A Blog with an Edge 
In the diverse world of independently run blogs, how many bloggers do you know who can both write well and photograph well? I can literally only think of one , and the fact that this blogger is just as good at utilizing a camera as he is at wielding a pen (or rather a keyboard), puts his website in a league of its own in terms of quality content. 
Though I still highly respect the good bloggers out there for their amazing writing skills and insights, I think they’re doing both their readers and websites a great disservice by merely using stock photos or shitty shot-with-a-cell-phone photos in their articles. 
Readers can definitely tell the difference when a blogger takes all of their own photos with a nice DSLR camera. Start taking nice, DSLR-shot photos and see for yourself how they can enhance your articles. They’ll give you just that much more of an edge over all the other bloggers who don’t. 7. You’ll Also Have an Edge over 98% of Others on Social Media and Dating Sites 
Since everyone else is posting lame, smartphone-taken shots all over their social media accounts, your DSLR-shot photos could shine like diamonds in the rough. The same way you stand above 98% of other men by lifting weights regularly, the same advantage can be expected by not taking cheap shortcuts with your social media-bound photography. Your Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter accounts will all look better than ever before. 
This is also true for dating websites and apps, where most chumps just take some lame mirror selfies with their smartphone and then upload them to their accounts. Dudes with well-taken, nontraditional photos stand out big time. Don’t just take my word for it, as there has actually been plenty of discussion about these benefits over at the Roosh V Forum . 
And although they can be very helpful, you don’t actually need another photographer with you to get some good shots of yourself. Rather all you need is your camera, an autofocus lens, a tripod, a remote shutter, and a creative eye. 8. A Resume-enhancing, Marketable Skill 
Photography isn’t just mentally rewarding, it can also be financially rewarding if you play your cards right. The field of profitable photography may be vast and highly competitive, but one thing’s for sure – the demand for new photographs is infinite. The world never stops turning after all. Stock, portrait, wedding, wildlife, travel, sports, and news photography are just a few of the most in demand and profitable niches. 
But if you really wanna make money selling your photographs, you gotta make a name for yourself by sharpening your skills and networking with the right people. A great photographer who no one knows exists won’t make any money. 
My father is an outdoorsman slash wildlife photographer with decades of experience, tens of thousands of photos, and a giant network of contacts from his industry. It seems like magazine and website editors are always knocking on his door, because they know he probably has a nice shot of exactly what they’re looking for. Often all he has to do is dig through his archives, and boom–he’s made 500 bucks. Conclusion 
Stop dreaming about it, and just give photography a shot already. Borrow your friend or a family member’s DSLR camera for the weekend, and just get out there and take pictures of anything that strikes your fancy. 
Photography takes decades to master, but it all begins with a single click of the shutter button. Yet sometimes all it takes is one little click to realize you’ve been missing out on something very big and meaningful your entire life. You’ll never know until you try.",0
12536,В машине предполагаемых убийц Немцова обнаружены биоматериалы,"0 комментариев 4 поделились Фото: Fotodom.ru/Коммерсантъ 
""Экспертиза биологических материалов с подголовника, изъятого из указанного автомобиля была проведена экспертами ФСБ. Согласно результатам экспертизы, они принадлежат Шадиду Губашеву"", — цитирует прокурора Марию Семененко ТАСС. 
Она также добавила, что в автомобиле были найдены осколки компакт-диска, на которых обнаружили биоматериалы еще одного обвиняемого — Анзора Губашева. 
Однако Шадид Губашев данную информацию отрицает, заявляя, что "" никогда не находился в этой машине"". 
Ранее Pravda. Ru писала, что все фигуранты дела об убийстве политика Бориса Немцова отрицают свою причастность к преступлению . 3 октября на открывшемся в Москве процессе после оглашения обвинительного заключения все подсудимые заявили, что они невиновны. 
Отметим, ранее ТАСС писало, что оружие убийства политика, найти так и не удалось. ""Оружие, из которого был застрелен Немцов, найдено не было"", — сказала прокурор Мария Семененко. 
Из обвинительного заключения следует, что приобрел оружие предполагаемый организатор убийства Руслан Мухудинов, который далее передал пистолет Зауру Дадаеву и Анзору Губашеву. Мария Семененко также отметила, что обвиняемые получили за убийство политика не менее 15 миллионов рублей. 
По данным прокурора, Немцов был убит четырьмя выстрелами. ""Дадаев произвел три выстрела, увидел, что тот (Немцов) начал подниматься, и произвел еще три выстрела. От четырех ранений Немцов скончался. Было три сквозных и два слепых ранения"", — сообщила Семененко. 
В то же время представители семьи Бориса Немцова считают дело о его убийстве нераскрытым, так как расследование проведено неэффективно. ""Необходимо установить заказчиков. Расследование не является эффективным и всесторонним. Не установлен мотив преступления"", — заявила адвокат Ольга Михайлова. 
По ее словам, организатор и заказчик преступления до сих пор не задержаны. А реальный мотив и цель убийства политика не установлены. 
Напомним, Борис Немцов был убит в центре Москвы 27 февраля 2015 года. На скамье подсудимых оказались пять предполагаемых исполнителей преступления: Заур Дадаев, Анзор и Шадид Губашевы, Тамерлан Эскерханов и Хамзат Бахаев. В зависимости от роли и степени участия они обвиняются в совершении преступления. 
Предполагаемым заказчиком и организатором убийства следствие считает бывшего офицера батальона ""Север"" Руслана Мухудинова, который находится в международном розыске. Ему заочно предъявлено обвинение. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda.Ru на сегодня Заур Дадаев отказался от убийства Немцова? Поделиться:",0
12537,The Left Is Funny,"By Becky Akers October 31, 2016 
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 is one of the most pernicious in American history. It destroys freedom of association, subjects our private relationships to bureaucratic judgment and meddling, and substitutes the totalitarian credo of “civil rights” for the freedom from government Americans previously espoused. 
No wonder the left loves it. This legislation is Progressives’ Bible and Psalter in one convenient package, the inspiration for much of their mischief. 
So I was staggered to read that the radical left—not your average Marxist on Medicaid but the sexual deviants, feminists, “social activists” and “advocates,” Congressional Dimocrats, and other misfits with too much time on their hands—has excoriated the Civil Rights Act. Damned it, in fact. 
What inspired this astounding about-face? The “Russell Amendment” to the NDAA. 
The National Defense Authorization Act is as monstrous as the civil-rights one, which doubtless explains its gliding through Congress the last 54 years. This baby annually finances “our” troops—you know, the gullible, unemployed and unemployable, barely literate cannon fodder the government’s schools spew that the government’s “armed forces” then prey on—sorry, “recruit.” I haven’t surveyed all 54 Congresses that have overwhelmingly passed the NDAA, but I bet few criminals there ever dare vote “Nay” lest the parents, friends and neighbors of said cannon-fodder accuse them of not “supporting” “our” hired killers. 
Since politicians consider the NDAA a “must-pass” bit of chicanery, they are fond of attaching amendments to it, just as drivers stuck in traffic fall in line behind an ambulance with screaming sirens. Often, said amendments merely pertain to the usual corruption, i.e., pork . But lately they’ve also codified terror. For example, the NDAA of 2012 legalized the “indefinite mlitary detention” of American citizens . And yes, 2016’s NDAA still includes that Stalinesque decree. 
This year, Rep. Steve Russell [R-OK] sponsored an amendment that’s benign, relatively speaking. To wit, “ Any branch or agency of the Federal Government shall , with respect to any religious corporation, religious association, religious educational institution, or religious society that is a recipient of or offeror [ sic ; don’t you love it when existing jargon doesn’t adequately cover politicians’ sins, so they invent more?] for a Federal Government contract, subcontract, grant, purchase order, or cooperative agreement, provide protections and exemptions consistent with sections 702(a) and 703(e)(2) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e-1(a) and 42 U.S.C. 2000e-2(e)(2)) and section 103(d) of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 USC 12113(d)).” 
Correct me if I’m wrong, but isn’t Ol’ Steve simply upholding the Civil Rights Act and its wretched daughter, the ADA? 
Which infuriates the aforementioned crackpots and deviants. “ If passed, the Russell Amendment could put the livelihood of millions of Americans at risk, according to Sejal Singh, of the Center for American Progress.” 
Huh? But—but, Sejal, the Civil Rights Act forced employers to hire millions of Americans, even if they lacked skills and qualifications— 
“‘ This would jeopardize protections for over 28 million people — or one in five employees — who are under federal contract,’ Singh [said]… She believes the amendment was introduced as a way to counteract President Obama’s executive orders prohibiting workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender expression.” 
Wha—? But—but Sejal, the Civil Rights Act, you can’t be serious — 
“ ’We believe that this is part of a wave of backlash against progress in LGBT and women’s rights,’ Singh added.” 
Yep, this nutjob actually insists that the Civil Rights Act inhibits rather than promotes “progress in LGBT and women’s rights.” As if we would even talk with, let alone take orders, from her and her fellow deviants without the Act’s aiming federal guns at us. 
Nor is Sejal alone in her hysteria: whole battalions of Marxists have joined her in bewailing the Civil Rights Act. There’s “ David Stacy, the government affairs director for the Human Rights Campaign ,” who “pointed out the explicit danger this amendment could pose for LGBTQ employees.” And good that he did, because anyone normal certainly won’t see it: “’This amendment would give legal grounds for an employer to prevent a gay man from having their [ sic ] husband [ sic ] added to their [ sic ] health insurance. Trans people could be fired from their job [ sic ] upon announcing their intent to transition,’ Stacy explained.” 
Either Dave didn’t read Russell’s amendment or he’s as deranged as he is effeminate and ungrammatical. (And let us here lament the degeneration of the language these degenerates favor, the nonsense and irrationality. Men do not have “husbands”; singular nouns require singular pronouns; and unless all “trans people” malinger in a single job, they would be fired from their job s, plural. What absurd gyrations, and all to avoid those helpful terms, “his” and “hers”!) 
But for manic hyperbole, it’s hard to beat the ACLU, tireless cheerleader for tyranny in general and civil rights in particular: “ ’The Russell Amendment is one of the most significant threats to LGBT people and women we have seen in Congress in years. It must be removed from the defense bill — freedom, equality and fairness are at stake,’ said ACLU deputy legal director Louise Melling.” Good gracious, who ever suspected the Civil Rights Act of such wickedness? 
Naturally, “ Senate Democrats and the White House are … signaling strong opposition to a provision they say would allow for discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity.” I shan’t ask whether these dimwits are insane: we all know they are. Still, do any of them realize the amendment reinforces their hallowed Civil Rights Act? Have any of them read Russell’s wording? 
No surprise if they haven’t. First, Congressional goldbrickers vote on legislation without even glancing at the text . Second, Russell’s amendment is suspiciously absent from all the reports but one that I’ve seen on this silliness. Could it be that the agitators know the amendment’s innocuous, and their cronies in the corporate media have agreed not to reprint it? And third, this confirms that Progressives can’t think for themselves (or at all, truth be told). If they could, surely someone would protest, “Hey, what are we doing , trashing the Civil Rights Act?” 
At any rate, the Dimocrats have vented their dudgeon “in a letter to the leaders of the House and Senate Armed Services Committees.” The whole screed is risible, but my nominee for “Most Absurd Claim” is this line: “ This discrimination erodes the freedoms that our military has fought for generations to protect. ” 
What the Dimocrats actually mean by “discrimination” is “failing to roll over and play dead for all varieties of pervert in all situations at all times.” And “our military” most certainly has not “fought for generations” for such “freedoms.” If you’d told the guys starving at Valley Forge that they were dying so Daniel and Stephan can sodomize one another, they’d have deserted to the Redcoats. Indeed, I’m reminded of John Adams’ cry: “Posterity! You will never know how much it cost the present Generation to preserve your Freedom! I hope you will make good use of it. If you do not, I shall repent in Heaven, that I ever took half the Pains to preserve it.” I doubt John would define men sashaying into the women’s loo as “making good use of your Freedom.” 
Meanwhile, recall what fomented this outsized fury against the Civil Rights Act: the fear that a Christian might contract with the Feds to supply overpriced toilet seats and—horrors!—refuse to hire Bruce/Caitlyn as s/he convalesces from castration. For that , the LGPMNOQZ-whatever—in short, the Debauched Community throws the Civil Rights Act under the bus. 
If the DC—hmmm. What a happy coincidence that this abbreviation once again connotes a dictatorial sewer!—if the DC succeeds in stripping this amendment from the NDAA, so what? Christians ought never deal with the satanic State in any way, except to undermine and overthrow it while comforting its victims. Let’s hope believers so dead to conscience that they connive with Uncle Sam’s evil reconsider when they hear that the DC will once again force them to hire deviants. 
“ Religious freedom is essential to America ,” opines one of the DC, “but it is not a right to discriminate, and not with taxpayer dollars. You should never be disqualified for a job because you think or believe differently from your employer.” Get it? “Religious freedom” is all right in its place, but Caesar’s deviant demands are far more legitimate than any serf’s convictions. 
In their letter, the Dimocrats allege that Russell’s emphasis on the Civil Rights Act will “ harm hardworking Americans who deserve to be protected from workplace discrimination based on sexual orientation, gender identity, religious identity, or reproductive and other health care decisions.” Hey, if that’s the case, repeal the Civil Rights Act, and quick! The Best of Becky Akers Tags: Becky Akers [ ] has published two novels of the American Revolution, Halestorm and Abducting Arnold . They advocate sedition and liberty, among other joys, so the wise reader will buy them now, before they’re banned.",0
12538,Fear and Loathing Inside The Deep State,"2375 Views November 18, 2016 8 Comments Guest Posts The Saker 
by Larchmonter445 
Everyone in the Deep State is threatened by the Trump Presidency. The Deep State understands that power, funding, ideological stratagems and domination of government, media, academia, think tanks and NGOs are in the ‘field of fight’, to use the book title by a prime target the Deep State intends to destroy in order to save itself from Trump. Lt. General (ret.) Michael T. Flynn 
Lt. General (ret.) Michael T. Flynn, three-star expert in Military Intelligence, former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), counselor to Trump for the last fifteen months, is a vital Trump ally the Deep State is attempting to discredit. 
We have seen the one-week ferocious political and media attack on Stephen Bannon, begun the instant that Bannon was named Trump’s number one strategist-advisor. Bannon is the theologian of Drain the Swamp, the Trump policy to rid the system of corruption and catastrophically disastrous policies and bureaucrat enablers. 
To understand Steve Bannon, take the time to read this transcription or listen to the audio Q&A from a 2014 event in the Vatican. He lays out his philosophical agenda, and used the 2016 campaign to advance his war on the Elites. 
Drain the Swamp pertains to more than getting the corruption out of the system. Steve Bannon 
Bannon now has Trump’s full backing to destroy the UniParty, defeat the Globalists, banish the warmongers of the MIC and help the legal prosecution of the corrupt. This is the Revolution to end the domestic Tyranny and the global Hegemon. 
The usual weapons of personal destruction have been launched at Bannon to destroy him and to deprive Trump of his most effective counselor and field marshall. Bannon has been branded a racist, an anti-semite, a white supremacist, an Islamophobe and a misogynist. In every forum and media outlet, the meme of Bannon being the worst human on the planet played as intensively as how the Dems attacked Trump during the campaign. 
Relentless lies, chorused by every host, talking head, and hater of every value Trump and Bannon had campaigned for were spewed on Bannon’s name. All fabricated, most based on a few headlines written by Milo Yiannopoulos in Breitbart.com, alt right agitprop pieces constructed to collect reader clicks, revenues for Breitbart and fame for Milo. Bannon as chief of Breitbart was then scourged for those headlines. Mockery by Milo used against Steve Bannon. 
It was all the Media needed. But the Deep State directed it for good reason. Bannon is the Pale Rider coming to destroy them. 
Steve Bannon is dedicated to cleansing government and the financial system controlled by all those who have reigned over the foreign regime changes, the transfer of middle class wealth and income to Wall Street, paper wealth from derivatives to hedge fund and corporate global leaders, trillions to the 0.01% elites, all of whom populate the Ultra Wealthy Class, a new feudalism of billionaires and millionaires. 
Bannon’s life long credentials and work with Jews, Blacks, females and Muslims eventually helped stifle the Media excesses. But the vicious branding may stick long after the inauguration. 
The fear and loathing of the Deep State is focused on another nemesis and threat in the person of General Flynn. Flynn challenges the Deep State’s incompetence, particularly its lack of results in the fight against terrorism. Flynn dealt with this in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. He wrote a white paper on the state of US military Intelligence and the need to fix it. 
Flynn also is sickened with the 2012 Benghazi event and coverup, the lies of Clinton and the abandonment by the command structure of CIA, Pentagon, State and NSC. The Syrian war, the attempted coup of Erdogan, and the carnage wrought by bad policies, sheepish leadership and less-than-best methods of Intelligence gathering and usage motivated the General to join Trump. 
Flynn is now Trump’s guide into the Presidential raw data Intel reports and briefings. General Flynn is Trump’s personal analyst for interpretation of the data. Flynn has attended every briefing Trump has received. He is in place and the Deep State is out. So, they have mounted their counter-attack as soon as it was clear he would head the reform of the Intelligence community, and serve the newly elected President. 
Flynn has recruited over two hundred generals and admirals and twenty-two Medal of Honor recipients to the successful Trump campaign. Now some of the generals are possible cabinet or undersecretary department nominees or agency appointees. 
The Deep State is in deep trouble. General Flynn will probably be NSC head and I think he will have real power over fifteen other Intelligence agencies. Flynn may have great power over huge swaths of the MIC. He certainly will assist in the cleaning out of neocons and feckless employees, managers, supervisors and directors. 
Against Flynn, the Deep State is using a more traditional model of career attack and personal destruction than it did with Bannon. Multiple articles written to show that Flynn and Putin , Flynn and Russia, Flynn and RT media are part of the Trump gang of pro-Russian contacts connected to the Kremlin . 
Below is General Flynn at dinner with President Putin in Moscow. He explains in an interview . 
Other Trump-Putin supposed contacts are Carter Page and Paul Manafort, both of whom were attacked by the Media for the Deep State months ago. They resigned under political pressure applied through the media. 
In a payback, the Deep State lost some of their own sent to the Trump campaign who were unable to survive first inspection. They were dropped from the Trump campaign transition team. 
But, once Trump is sworn in, Carter Page will be back, most likely. He has connections to Gazprom, is well-liked in Moscow, and will be a link for American energy companies and perhaps some joint ventures in the gas field development and pipeline industry. Several friends of Trump are from the gas and oil industry, and the world is a small world when energy is the issue. The Arctic, the eastern Mediterranean, the South China Sea and other large development zones have enormous new fields to be tapped and exploited. Even the Black Sea zone around Crimea has yet-to-be-tapped energy stores. 
The primary interest of the Trump foreign policy will be to make America wealthy again. The Eurasian development has already attracted Trump to the OBOR of China and the AIIB infrastructure bank. Probably the entire New Silk Road of China and EAEU of Russia is not going to be without major US participation. The difference now is facilitation, participation, investment and benefits instead of obstruction, destabilization and terrorism used to thwart it all. 
To destroy Flynn and weaken Trump with the Intelligence and Military communities, the classic Washington technique of long articles with many negative anonymous sourced comments was used, carefully crafted headlines and paragraph headers, all designed for very negative Google Search feeds. 
The latest is about Flynn and Turkish “operatives” . Sounds like they met in dark alleys or underground passageways. Maybe in some Ankara safehouse, eh? 
It turns out quite differently. Hilal Mutlu (left) and Ibrahim Kurtulus (center) with Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn at Oct. 10, 2016 event. (Youtube screen grab) 
But Flynn is obviously being watched closely by CIA/State Dept. They know he is doing the bidding of Trump. And for good reason, Trump needs to know which way Turkey is leaning post-coup? And how sensitive is the Kurd issue in Syria? What are the ramifications of the US and Russia working in tandem against ISIS in Syria? Will Turkey help with safe zones for refugees? Will Turkey leave Syria after the war or does it plan to resist Russia and Assad? What about NATO? What about the Uyghurs Turkey protects, and is China being forced to come with military to put down the Uyghurs inside ISIS? Will the issue of demanding Fethullah Gulen’s extradition continue? Will there be mass death penalties for the imprisoned coup participants and Gulen’s followers? 
Flynn had a panoply of possible questions to be answered by the operatives from Erdogan. And the Turks would have questions they wanted answered with some hint of Trump’s positions. 
The Deep State are tracking Flynn and the Turks and are now exposing his links as a professional consultant. Nothing illegal. Nothing suspicious. Nothing out of the ordinary. But it was General Flynn, Trump’s guy. Smear him. 
How else would this information surface in the Washington Post except from the Deep State? And if you know the history of the Deep State, the WaPo is their first choice for all leaks, briefings in depth, exposes used to undermine officials who cross them or who point to the Deep States’ misdeeds or failures. You won’t find Sy Hersh’s articles in WaPo. 
The point of the articles about General Flynn was to shame him, to put down his personality, his lack of obedience to the Obama regime. He was investigated for giving Intel to foreign nations, we are told. He shared Intelligence with the Pakistanis, we are told. Read how his fellow generals talk about him . 
Imagine if the Deep State decided that Intelligence should never be shared. Well, the U.S. would have no allies. No nation joins a war effort without Intelligence for their military. Flynn, whose entire thirty-plus year career has been in Intelligence understands that. And he did it. Proudly, he related to the investigators, and it all was dropped except the record and the reporting of it now. 
The investigation was actually to cast a black mark on Flynn to be found later, by the uninformed, at the most sensitive of times. In this case, it is to weaken Flynn, to weaken Trump. 
“Mike Flynn shares Intel. Mike Flynn acts without checking with what the Deep State wants.” It turns out that Flynn did get approval for all he did. But he simply did the professional thing. He acted in behalf of his specialty, his profession, his oath of duty and the American people who paid him to protect America. 
There is something to be gained by studying this meeting with Turkey’s operatives. Flynn’s meeting signals that Trump will not likely arm the Kurds with heavy weapons. That would drive Turkey into the Russian-Iranian embrace fully. A practical solution to defeating ISIS and AQ and ending the Syrian war has to avoid losing Turkey. Trump is not going to be trying to coup anyone. His policy is no regime changes. He also does not like these secret wars of the CIA. If there is to be war, he wants it fought by the military, with a plan for victory. Principally, Trump’s wars will be like President Eisenhower’s. There were none for eight years. 
The warmongers and neocons of the Deep State and surface government will try to work over all the Trump nominees in the security and policy arena. Trump has refused to listen to any of them, though a few have been invited in to the goings on. However, we don’t know who is talking to Trump and who is talking to the various panels of experts that will advise who they think he should select. So a few neocons and warmongers like John Bolton and General Keane have made it into Trump Tower. But he eschewed them all these years and throughout the campaign. I doubt they will have any role in policy. He considers them failures. 
Expect very deep shakeouts at CIA and State. I think Flynn will use fellow military he knows and trusts as deputies and undersecretaries. General Keith Kellogg and General Ronald Burgess are likely for important positions. 
There has to be this cleaning out of the subterranean world of the Deep State. If President Carter got rid of 800 officers when Stansfield Turner tried cleaning out the CIA, I’m betting there are 1500 officers in the CIA who need retirement now. 
As for the State Department and the Clinton corruption of pay for play, that is only half the problem. The eighty years of Khazarian dominance of the State Department has created the need that whole thing ought to be shut down except for visas at embassies and consulates. (I’d use the Commerce Department in the interim. Send everyone else from State home. Board up Foggy Bottom for ten years.) 
Addendum: General Flynn early in the primary campaign consulted as advisor to five candidates. Carly Fiorina, Scott Walker, Ben Carson, Ted Cruz, and Donald Trump. He chose Trump as the one who wanted to be President in order to fix the country and make America great again. Now, Trump, Bannon and Flynn are going to drain the swamp, if they can survive. 
(Flynn has been named NSC Advisor and will command a staff of 400 from all the other Intel agencies, it has been reported by Fox and AP.) 
Larchmonter445",0
12539,Anonymous Hacker Fighting For Justina Pelletier Pleads ‘Not Guilty’ In Children’s Hospital DDoS Attack,"We Are Change 
Activist and alleged Anonymous hacker Martin Gottesfeld who has been accused of orchestrating an attack on the Boston Children’s Hospital pleaded “not guilty” to charges of conspiracy and intent to cause damage to protected computers.

After he was arraigned, Gottesfeld, who has been on a hunger strike for a month, rose from his chair and fainted in the courtroom.
Gottesfeld, 32, is a human rights advocate and Senior Systems Engineer who was born and raised in Andover, Massachusetts. He is being prosecuted under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) by Carmen Ortiz’s office . The same people who caused the death of Internet reddit founder pioneer and activist Aaron Swartz. 
If convicted,Gottesfeld could face up to twenty-five years in prison and $380,000 in restitution to the tormentors of Justina Pelletier, the patient he was initially fighting to protect. His attorneys are mounting a vigorous defense on his behalf, and need your help.
The CFAA has been cited by digital rights group EFF as being overly broad and so that, “Creative prosecutors have taken advantage of this confusion to bring criminal charges that aren’t really about hacking a computer, but instead target other behavior prosecutors dislike… Compounding this problem is the CFAA’s disproportionately harsh penalty scheme . Even first-time offenses for accessing a protected computer without sufficient “authorization” can be punishable by up to five years in prison each (ten years for repeat offenses), plus fines. Violations of other parts of the CFAA are punishable by up to ten years, 20 years, and even life in prison.” The ACLU agrees and filed suit that it violates everyone’s first amendment rights.
“Marty has dedicated years of his life to fighting for the human rights of institutionalized children. He would often spend 8 hours at his job, come home, and spend another 8 hours campaigning against child abuse. He never profited from his activism,” according to a statement on FreeMartyG.org. 
The statement goes on to say:
“In 2013, Marty began a campaign against troubled teen industry institution Logan River Academy. Dozens of survivors left heartwrenching petition comments and some created videos.
Marty’s story first hit main stream media after he and his wife experienced trouble with their boat and were rescued by a Disney Cruise Ship . Since the FBI left out Justina’s name and her suffering from its complaint against him, many outlets merely printed that he allegedly ‘cyber-attacked’ a hospital.
Marty’s family and friends have launched the #FreeMartyG campaign to set the record straight and call on the public to show their support for him.”
Justina Pelletier was tortured by the Boston Children’s Hospital and denied treatment for her mitochondrial disease and her medication, according to former BCH employees. Gottesfeld came to her aide in the form of cyber attacks on the hospitals website for awareness of the case.
Gottesfeld has said he will continue his hunger strike until the presidential candidates pledge to protect institutionalized children from abuse . He also said that he wants overzealous federal prosecutors to halt “political prosecutions” of people accused of crimes he considers harmless.
Gottesfeld also argues that he did not harm patients or expose any private information, so he did not break the CFAA and commit a crime.
Who is Justina Pelletier? That question is answered again by the statement on FreeMartyG.org :
“Justina Pelletier was 14 years old when she arrived at Boston Children’s Hospital E.R. with her mother. Both she and her older sister had been diagnosed with mitochondrial disease, a condition that is often genetic and runs in families. However, doctors at Boston Children’s Hospital felt her symptoms had psychological causes, and just 4 days after meeting her, wanted to stop successful mitochondrial disease treatments prescribed since 2011.
Fearful for her life, Justina’s parents refused to consent to such a radical departure from her well established treatment plan. They tried to discharge their daughter and bring her to previously scheduled appointments with her mitochondrial disease team.
What followed was any family’s nightmare. Unwilling to take “no” for an answer, Boston Children’s Hospital urged state officials to take custody of Justina and enforce their new treatment plan. This kind of thing happens more often than you might think. In fact, Boston Children’s Hospital even has a name for it. They call it a “parentectomy” (see the Wray and T. cases, as well as this open letter from a former federal prosecutor.) 
Pelletier’s abuse did not end at the Boston Children’s Hospital. It expanded to a DCF facility in Framingham, Massachusetts when she was transferred to a troubled teen industry facility, Wayside Youth and Family. Her contact with her family was severely limited , it was only after she took to smuggling notes hidden in her art projects describing her suffering that her family figured out.
Jennifer Pelletier describes her little sister’s abuse in the video below, she goes on to say how a worker at DCF harassed her sister in the shower :
“It’s disgusting to harm a human being it’s in humane and these actions that they’ve done to my sister what they’ve been harming her for almost 15 months now all of them should be held accountable and they should almost be treated the same way that my sister has been treated to see how hurtful it’s been they should be all plucked out of their lives and told that people don’t believe in them and have them doubt their own. I don’t get how anybody can treat somebody so in humane this needs to end now and Justina needs to be home before May 24th on her 16th birthday and this needs to end now.”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBgds6xVMBc
The case gained international attention and even congress’s attention when the hashtag “#FreeJustina” trended on Twitter. Jim Lyons spoke out on the floor of the House expressing his disdain for the case and presenting an amendment. Jim went on to say that Justina’s parents didn’t neglect their daughter and were innocent. He went on to say that “what we have here is the Department of Children and Family interfering with constitutionally protected parental rights to make medical decisions on behalf of their children.”
Justina Pelletier was eventually allowed to return home. She still hasn’t recovered from the torture though. She and her family have sued Boston Children’s Hospital and four of its doctors for gross negligence and civil rights violations. When the lawsuit was filed, Justina was quoted saying, “It was awful. Just imagine being a psych ward without needing to be in a psych ward.” 
Now it’s time to bring Marty Gottesfeld home. He fought for Justina Pelletier and others in the troubled teen industry of private “treatment” centers for years, including fighting to expose Logan River if you can consider donating to my good friends at @FreeAnons to help Marty’s defense fund. Marty has written a book called “Parentectomy” if you wish to read that book and further your knowledge about the troubled teen industry of private treatment centers you can do purchase it on Amazon and support him or here for free in pdf format . You can also listen to Marty answer several questions about his case, his treatment in prison, his hunger strike and his actions in the YouTube playlist below.
It shouldn’t be a crime to expose institutional child abuse even a congressional hearing has acknowledged the abuse below in which parents and survivors testified about the abuse that goes on in these privatized centers. Even the U.S. Government Accountability Office investigated the industry in 2007 and again in 2008 finding these centers abusive. Urge your representatives to pass legislation to curb the worst abuses and demand that places that have multiple notable claims of abuse are investigated and in severe cases shutdown.
#FreeMartyG #ShutDownLoganRiver

MAIL MARTY A LETTER LET HIM KNOW HE’S NOT ALONE IN THIS FIGHT! 
Marty Gottesfeld, Inmate #12982104
Donald D. Wyatt Detention Facility
950 High St.
Central Falls, RI 02863 The post Anonymous Hacker Fighting For Justina Pelletier Pleads ‘Not Guilty’ In Children’s Hospital DDoS Attack appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
12540,"Terry Branstad, Iowa Governor, Is Trump’s Pick as China Ambassador - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Terry Branstad, the Iowa governor who has long embraced China as a market for his state’s pork and soybeans, was tapped Wednesday by   Donald J. Trump to represent the United States in one of its most complex and increasingly contentious foreign relationships, as his ambassador to China. In choosing Mr. Branstad, 70, an amiable politician who likes to describe President Xi Jinping of China as an “old friend,” Mr. Trump sounded a softer note alongside his unrelenting criticism of China’s economic relationship with the United States. At an event on Wednesday morning at Cipriani restaurant in Manhattan to raise money for his inauguration, Mr. Trump told the audience that Mr. Branstad was a great choice. “He knows them all,” Mr. Trump said three separate times, according to an attendee. The selection was first reported by Bloomberg News. China was quick to embrace the choice, even before Mr. Trump’s announcement. At a regular news briefing in Beijing on Wednesday, Lu Kang, a spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, described Mr. Branstad as “an old friend of the Chinese people,” a phrase used to describe politicians trusted by Beijing. “We would welcome him playing a bigger role in promoting   relations,” Mr. Lu said of Mr. Branstad. As ambassador, Mr. Branstad would find himself in the middle of an increasingly fraught relationship. Mr. Trump campaigned against China, repeatedly describing Chinese imports to the United States as a form of theft. He has proposed a steep tariff on those imports and promised to seek vigorous enforcement of trade rules, such as restrictions on state support for private companies. The selection also comes just days after Mr. Trump spoke with Taiwan’s president by phone, prompting criticism from Beijing, which regards Taiwan as a breakaway province. Mr. Trump then defended the call in a pair of Twitter messages criticizing China for its trade practices and provocative moves in the South China Sea. Mr. Branstad is unusual in that he would have personal relationships with the leaders of both countries. Like many of the  ’s choices for senior positions in his administration, the governor was an early and unwavering supporter of Mr. Trump’s candidacy. One of the governor’s sons, Eric, ran the Trump campaign in Iowa. Another son, Marcus, has gone hunting with Mr. Trump’s eldest son, Donald Jr. Robert Hormats, a former under secretary of state in the Obama administration and now a vice chairman of Kissinger Associates, praised the choice. “It’s a good pick because he knows President Xi, he can represent the heartland of the United States, which I think is very positive, and the fact that President Xi has been in his state twice is a very positive thing,” Mr. Hormats said Wednesday in China. “It creates a personal relationship that is very hard to replicate. ” Mr. Branstad, an Iowa native, graduated from the University of Iowa and then served briefly in the Army  —   yielding a priceless story about his role in arresting Jane Fonda for trespassing at Fort Bragg. A lawyer by training, he entered the Iowa Legislature in 1973 and won election as governor in 1983. He served until 1999, then returned to office in 2011. In between, he was president of Des Moines University. Mr. Branstad first met Mr. Xi in 1985, when as the   governor of Iowa he hosted a Chinese delegation that came to study American agricultural practices. The delegation included a    official from rural Hebei Province, Mr. Xi. Mr. Xi has fondly recalled that visit. He stayed in Muscatine, a small city in the eastern part of the state, where he was hosted by a couple and slept in their boys’ vacated bedroom, filled with “Star Trek” action figures. In early 2012, Mr. Xi briefly revisited Muscatine as vice president while preparing for his promotion to Communist Party leader later that year. He became the president in 2013. “You can’t even imagine what a deep impression I had from my visit 27 years ago to Muscatine, because you were the first group of Americans that I came into contact with,” he told a group that included Mr. Branstad during his visit there. “My impression of the country came from you. For me, you are America. ” During his second stay in the governor’s mansion, Mr. Branstad has aggressively courted China as a market for Iowa’s produce. He has said little in public about the tensions over territorial disputes, North Korea’s nuclear weapons, and human rights restrictions in China that have shaped relations at the national level. He has visited China several times, most recently on a trade mission in November. Iowa, like the rest of the United States, runs a trade deficit with China. The Chinese buy food from the United States, including Iowa’s corn and pork. But Americans buy far more from China  —   a range of goods that can be surveyed at Walmart. The United States imported $483 billion in goods and services from China last year, while exporting $116 billion to China. The numbers are similar this year. As governor, Mr. Branstad has sought to increase American exports without criticizing Chinese imports, the standard Republican Party line before Mr. Trump’s ascendence. “I am excited to catch up with our old friend, Xi Jinping,” Mr. Branstad said during a trade mission to China in 2013, which included a meeting with the new Chinese president. “The value of this relationship cannot be overstated. As a result, Iowa is the preferred provider to feed China’s growing population and our agriculture exports to China continue to grow. ” Mr. Trump has taken a very different line on that relationship. He has said repeatedly that China is suppressing the value of its currency, an outdated accusation. In recent years, China has intervened in exchange markets to prop up the value of its currency, manipulation that tends to benefit American exporters. If Mr. Branstad is confirmed by the Senate, Iowa would get its first female governor. Lt. Gov. Kim Reynolds, 57, would take Mr. Branstad’s place.",0
12541,How Does Populism Turn Authoritarian? Venezuela Is a Case in Point - The New York Times,"When Hugo Chávez took power in Venezuela nearly 20 years ago, the leftist populism he championed was supposed to save democracy. Instead, it has led to democracy’s implosion in the country, marked this past week by an attack on the independence of its Legislature. Venezuela’s fate stands as a warning: Populism is a path that, at its outset, can look and feel democratic. But, followed to its logical conclusion, it can lead to democratic backsliding or even outright authoritarianism. Populism does not always end in authoritarianism. Venezuela’s collapse has been aided by other factors, including plummeting oil prices, and democratic institutions can check populism’s darker tendencies. The country is feeling the fundamental tensions between populism and democracy that are playing out worldwide. Those tensions, if left unchecked, can grow until one of those two systems prevails. But although countries must choose which system to follow, the choice is rarely made consciously, and its consequences may not be clear until it is too late. The wave of populist anger that Mr. Chávez rode into office, in the 1998 elections, was propelled by grievances over the state of democracy in Venezuela. When Mr. Chávez became president, the judiciary was dysfunctional and corrupt. A report by Human Rights Watch found that Venezuela’s top administrative court “had actually established set fees for resolving different kinds of cases. ” Less than 1 percent of the population had confidence in the judiciary. As a result, there was broad support for Mr. Chávez’s first round of judicial reforms in 1999, which increased judicial independence and integrity, according to a survey that year by the United Nations Development Program. But when the Supreme Court refused to allow the criminal prosecution of four generals who Mr. Chávez believed had participated in an attempted coup against him, he came to see the judiciary as an obstacle to popular will and an accomplice of the corrupt elites he had promised to oppose. Tensions grew in 2004 when the Supreme Court ruled that a petition for a referendum to recall Mr. Chávez from office had enough signatures to go forward. Mr. Chávez gave himself the authority to suspend unfriendly judges and to pack the courts with new ones, destroying the judiciary’s power to act as a check on his presidency. “Over the next several years,” the 2008 Human Rights Watch report found, “the newly packed Supreme Court would fire hundreds of judges and appoint hundreds more. ” In Mr. Chávez’s telling, this meant a judiciary that was more responsive to the will and needs of the people  —   a message that may have appealed to supporters who had voted him into office on explicit promises of smashing the corrupt old elite’s hold on power. Cas Mudde, a Dutch political scientist, wrote in a 2015 column for The Guardian that “populism is an illiberal democratic response to undemocratic liberalism. ” In other words, Mr. Chávez, like other populist leaders, told his supporters that their problems were caused by unresponsive, undemocratic elites and institutions. A strong leader, he argued, was necessary to break through those shadowy forces and impose the will of the people. That message was popular, as were initial steps. “However, this comes at a price,” Mr. Mudde wrote. This “majoritarian extremism” reframes democracy not as a negotiated process meant to include and serve everyone, but rather as a   battle between popular will and whoever dares to oppose it  —   including judges, journalists, opposition leaders or even government technocrats labeled, in some countries, as a “deep state. ” This is why Kurt Weyland, a University of Texas political scientist, wrote, in a 2013 academic article, “Populism will always stand in tension with democracy. ” Populist leaders like Mr. Chávez, by deriving their authority from a promise to champion popular will, “see any institutions outside their control as obstacles to be bypassed or overcome,” Professor Weyland wrote. This reveals a contradiction between how democracy is perceived and how it actually works. “Despite all democratic rhetoric, liberal democracy is a complex compromise of popular democracy and liberal elitism, which is therefore only partly democratic,” Mr. Mudde wrote in an academic journal in 2004. That requires handing power to unelected institutions, which are necessary to preserve democracy but at odds with the image of pure popular will. This contradiction leaves an opening for populists to challenge those institutions. But when populist leaders take authority away from institutions to “return power to the people,” as such leaders often say, in practice they are consolidating this power for themselves. “The logic of personalism drives populist politicians to widen their powers and discretion,” Professor Weyland wrote. This is why populists often cultivate cults of personality. Mr. Chávez, in addition to hosting a Sunday talk show, held rallies and appeared almost constantly on television. This practice is typically driven by more than ego such leaders derive their authority not from the   system that governs consolidated democracies, but from raw popular support. This works only as long as those leaders can claim to have a unique relationship with the public that enables them to attack internal enemies  —   say, the judiciary or the free press  —   on their behalf. Populism’s authoritarian tendencies could be seen in Mr. Chávez’s early battles with labor unions, which he had entered office promising to “democratize. ” Venezuela’s union leaders were corrupt, he argued, and had failed to protect workers’ rights. His government created a parallel system of new unions, while undermining established unions over which it had less influence. But this set up a dynamic in which   unions were favored and dissenting unions were punished. Mr. Chávez also began exercising more direct control over the powerful   oil company, a further extension of his message that power had to be taken back for the people. But when workers from that company went on strike in protest in 2002, he fired more than 18, 000 of them and prohibited the action. By 2004, Mr. Chávez’s government had begun to blacklist workers, identifying people who had been disloyal to his government and excluding many of them from government jobs and benefits. This sent a   message: To oppose the president was to oppose his project of “Bolívarian socialism” on behalf of the people. Dissent, by that logic, was a threat to freedom, not evidence of it. These episodes show how initial populist steps  —   standing up to unelected institutions, paving the way for seemingly necessary reforms  —   can take on a momentum of their own, until the list of populist enemies has grown to include pillars of basic democracy. In retrospect, these steps pointed squarely toward authoritarianism, culminating in the attempt this past week to muzzle the Legislature, which was among the final remaining checks on President Nicolás Maduro, Mr. Chávez’s successor. That progression was not inevitable. Strong democratic checks can sometimes resist the pressures of populism and keep leaders in line. Italy’s Silvio Berlusconi, for example, left office with a mixed record and a storm of corruption charges, but with the country’s democracy intact. But it is rarely obvious at the time which path a country is taking, and not only because initial steps toward authoritarianism often look or feel democratic. Tom Pepinsky, a political scientist at Cornell University, has argued that authoritarianism is often an unintended consequence of structural factors that weaken institutions  —   such as an armed conflict or economic shock  —   and of incremental steps taken by leaders who may earnestly believe they are serving popular will. “Just as democracies can be governed by authoritarians, so too can   democrats lay the groundwork for authoritarianism,” Professor Pepinsky wrote on his blog in February. Decisions that feel like shortcuts to democracy  —   tossing out judges or vilifying a hostile news media  —   can, in the long term, have the opposite effect. Along the way, this process can be difficult to spot, as it plays out mainly in the functioning of bureaucratic institutions that most voters pay little mind to. Elections are often still held, as they have been in Venezuela, the news media retains nominal freedom and most citizens can go about their lives as normal. Venezuela exhibits the   outcome of populist governance, in which institutions have been so crippled that crime is rampant, corruption is nearly universal and the quality of life has collapsed. But those consequences are obvious only after they have done their damage.",0
12542,"Amid Rain of Shells, Aleppo’s Civilians Offer ‘Final Scream’ - The New York Times","BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Families, medical workers, insurgent fighters and wounded people were packed and ready Wednesday morning to vacate the ravaged   neighborhoods of the Syrian city of Aleppo under a deal between Russia and Turkey. Then the resumed booms of incoming artillery shells from   forces sent them into hiding or running for their lives. It was the latest    whiplash for the thousands trapped in the ruins of a   northern metropolis, which has come to symbolize the atrocities unfolding in the nearly    war. Under the supposed deal for a   and evacuation  —   announced on Tuesday by Turkey, Russia and Syrian rebels  —   the remaining fighters were to leave Aleppo for   territory farther north and civilians were free to join them or move to   areas. That outcome would leave the whole city in the hands of forces loyal to the Syrian president, Bashar  . The United Nations high commissioner for human rights, Zeid Ra’ad   denounced the resumed shelling, calling it a probable war crime. “The way this deal was dangled in front of this battered and beleaguered population  —   causing them to hope they might indeed live to see another day  —   and then snatched away just half a day later is also outrageously cruel,” Mr.   said in a statement. “The Syrian government has a clear responsibility to ensure its people are safe, and is palpably failing to take this opportunity to do so,” he said. As each side blamed the other for the deal’s collapse, civilians inside the city issued anguished, angry pleas for international pressure to reinstate it. The Assad government and Iran, Syria’s other main ally besides Russia, appeared not to have been fully consulted on the deal, according to international officials and others briefed on the talks, and were insisting on new conditions. Rebel groups outside the city resumed shelling   districts in Aleppo. Civilians in other   areas to the north protested against their leaders and ransacked posts of   rebel groups, demanding they help those in Aleppo. Close to midnight Wednesday, rebel groups announced a new deal for another evacuation attempt on Thursday. Trapped civilians expressed disbelief, and the Syrian military denied that another deal had been reached. But by early Thursday the shelling had tapered off, residents reported, hoping the pause would hold. As the shelling escalated Wednesday morning, a radiology nurse in Aleppo, Mohamed   said he hoped the world would hear “our final scream,” adding that the wounded, with rescue and medical services in disarray, were bleeding to death in the streets. Yasser, an accountant volunteering in a makeshift medical clinic, posted a photograph via WhatsApp of an injured girl lying on a hallway floor. She was 10, he said, with broken bones, and was crying and shouting: “Get me out of Aleppo. I am afraid, I am cold. My back is hurting me. Where is the doctor?” Yasser, who asked to be identified only by his first name for fear of being arrested for contacting journalists, said in frustration, “Let us leave  —   what is happening?” Problems with the deal had been evident from the start. Soon after it was announced Tuesday night, Syrian officials said they had no knowledge of it, and there was no word from Iran. Then, around 1 a. m. Wednesday, a convoy of vans carrying dozens of wounded people, including fighters and their families, began making its way out of Aleppo. But the vans returned soon after, witnesses said, after   militiamen blocked the way and said they did not have Syrian government permission. The militiamen said they would not allow anyone out until rebel groups had ended their siege of Fouaa and Kfarya, two encircled Shiite enclaves in Idlib Province. Residents said they were told they could leave at 6 a. m. but as buses idled, the shelling resumed. Opposition leaders and civilians inside Aleppo said they believed that Iran had balked at a deal brokered by Russia. Osama Abu Zayd, a legal adviser to Syrian opposition factions, told The Associated Press that Iran’s field commander in Syria was resisting it. The interests of Mr. Assad’s two main backers, Russia and Iran, do not always dovetail. Iran has a stake in retaining the influence it gained by entering the conflict on behalf of Mr. Assad two years before Russia. Iran has trained, backed and financed the   militias that have bolstered Syrian ground forces, with recruits from Iraq, Afghanistan and other countries, as well as Hezbollah, the Lebanese Shiite militant group. Yasser, the accountant, said civilians in Aleppo did not approve of rebel shelling of civilians in Fouaa and Kfarya. “We are humans,” he said. “They are not our enemies. They are civilians like us. ” The Russian Defense Ministry blamed the rebels for the impasse, saying on Wednesday that they had “resumed the hostilities” at dawn, trying to break through Syrian government positions to the northwest. Residents questioned why rebels inside eastern Aleppo would start shooting again when they were about to escape. Later, negotiators said the Syrian government was asking for the release of prisoners and the bodies of dead soldiers, and for rebels to hand over fighters from the   Levant Conquest Front. Government opponents also said they suspected Mr. Assad of stalling. His government has often skillfully played its backers against one another. The wrangling could provide cover to finish off Aleppo’s last rebel enclave with force. As one Syrian military officer told Reuters in Aleppo recently, rebels must “surrender or die. ” Troubles carrying out the accord were not surprising, as there was no international monitoring  —   United Nations officials said the Syrian government had refused their repeated pleas to observe  —   and no enforcement provision. The same problems have vexed other deals reached during the conflict. Malek, an activist who said he hoped to join his pregnant wife in northern Aleppo Province, and who asked to be identified only by his first name for fear of retaliation, said the world saw civilians in   territory as “no longer human. ” “They think we are Daesh,” he said via WhatsApp, using an Arabic acronym for the Islamic State, the militant group that has established a   caliphate in parts of Syria but not in Aleppo. Using a mournful expression, he added, “we didn’t taste the flavor of life. ” At the United Nations on Tuesday, Secretary General Ban   said there had been “credible reports” of atrocities, including extrajudicial killings, as eastern Aleppo was retaken. Russia categorically denied the reports, and Mr. Ban said the world body had been unable to verify them. Dr. Salem Abou   a dentist who had kept his clinic open until last week but finally moved to one of the last rebel neighborhoods when his was taken by government forces, said Wednesday morning that he could hear heavy shelling. “We slept a quiet night, but sadly the shelling is back,” he said. Later, Dr. Abou   posted a video on Facebook calling for global powers to intervene to push through a deal. “The situation can’t wait,” he said. “Everyone should know, we, the people here, we love life and want to live. ” The evacuation plan came after two weeks of rapid advances by the Syrian Army and its allies, who drove insurgents into an   pocket of eastern Aleppo, with support from heavy airstrikes and artillery fire. Rebel groups have received support from Turkey, the United States and Persian Gulf states, but far less than the direct military aid that Iran and Russia have provided to Mr. Assad.",0
12543,"6 neo-Nazis arrested in Motorola assassination case, SBU plot exposed - Fort Russ","6 neo-Nazis arrested in Motorola assassination case, SBU plot exposed November 12, 2016 - Fort Russ News - RusVesna - translated by J. Arnoldski - The Ministry of State Security (MGB) of the Donetsk People’s Republic has announced the arrest of six neo-Nazis from Misanthropic Division, whose leaders earlier claimed responsibility for the murder of Sparta battalion commander Arsen Pavlov (Motorola). The counter-espionage department of the ministry has reported that those arrested have already given confessions and evidence of the “circumstances of the committing of such a terroristic and extremist crime.” The neo-Nazis had maintained contact with employees of the Security Service of Ukraine (SBU) and operated on the territory of the DPR in its interests. “It has been established that all terrorist and subversive actions in the DPR and LPR are carried out by the SBU in the framework of an approved operational plan, the purpose of which is to intensify internal contradictions between the leaders of the Donbass republics, creating the preconditions and circumstances for confrontation between them,” the Ministry of State Security emphasized, adding that the detainees are being further investigated. Follow us on Facebook! ",0
12544,Where to Live? Ask an App - The New York Times,"Searching for an apartment online has long been limited to plugging in what you can afford and where you think you might want to live and then sifting through dozens of listings. But what if you don’t have a neighborhood in mind? In a city as large as New York, there are probably neighborhoods you’ve never heard of. And even a place you think you know can change character within just a few blocks. So many factors are involved: Is it safe? Are there good schools? Is the subway nearby? Where will I take yoga class? And don’t forget the crucial but less tangible concerns: Will my family be happy here? Will we be welcome? You could end up spending hours researching school test scores, interviewing families at the local playground and besieging your friend’s sister’s cousin with questions about what it’s like to live there. Or you could resort to the growing number of apps and online tools that use a combination of big data and smart algorithms that offer to do your research for you at no charge. With names like PlaceILive and PicketFencer, they work like matchmaking services, taking your preferences into account and offering a list of neighborhoods that meet your criteria. PlaceILive, a   based in Lithuania, introduced an interactive quiz called Match earlier this year designed to help find your ideal New York City neighborhood. You answer a series of questions  —   Do you play any sports? Which is your preferred mode of transportation? Do you want quiet, green, residential, diverse, social, hip, artsy, L. G. B. T. ? And then, taking your budget and your office address into account, PlaceILive analyzes and prioritizes 288 neighborhoods, then delivers its top 10 picks. I searched for a   for $750, 000 in a quiet, green and safe residential neighborhood with restaurants, schools, car parking and a   commute, preferably by subway, from The New York Times, which just happens to be the default address in the office field. In short order the site delivered a top 10 list, with Washington Heights as the No. 1 match, followed by Inwood and Harlem Longwood and Fordham in the Bronx Woodside, Queens East Harlem and Astoria, Elmhurst, and Maspeth in Queens. I could have clicked “more neighborhoods” for more results. While some of those places seemed like   there were a couple of neighborhoods I would not have considered on my own, like Longwood in the Bronx, an area I have yet to explore. But Maspeth, which lacks a subway, seemed like a stretch. Google Maps estimated the commute by bus and train would take about 50 minutes. Results draw on statistics from the Census Bureau, New York Police Department crime maps and other open data sources. Clicking on “more details” lists these stats along with resident reviews from the website StreetAdvisor, school ratings from Greatschools. org, a map and pictures of grocery stores, restaurants, bars and other amenities from Foursquare, a destination for   reviews of businesses like cafes. Even with all these data points, however, it can be difficult to get a feel for what a neighborhood is like to live in. While StreetAdvisor, which offers neighborhood ratings and reviews from locals, provided some context, some areas, like Longwood, didn’t have any. And some school ratings used by the site were slightly outdated, according to Greatschools. Sarunas Legeckas, a founder of PlaceILive, said the site is working to refine its results and pointed out that if the neighborhoods don’t suit your fancy, you can let the site know by clicking on the X beneath the neighborhood, which will pull up a list of the reasons the neighborhood might not be right for you  —   such as it’s too trendy, or not hip enough, or it doesn’t have a great commute. “We don’t claim all our results are perfect,” he said. “It’s more like a guidance tool to make you think, to make you explore and maybe point you in a new direction  —   like looking in Queens instead of Manhattan. ” As more users take the quiz and leave feedback, he added, the tool will get smarter. More robust neighborhood descriptions, albeit for far fewer places, can be found at StreetEasy, the New York City listings site, which introduced more than 30 Neighborhood Guides in June with overviews of some of the most popular places searched on its site. Each guide outlines the area’s overall vibe, including perks, drawbacks, housing stock and median asking rent and sales price, as well as dining options courtesy of the review site Yelp. Bushwick, Brooklyn, for example, is described as “full of converted lofts in old industrial factories, sometimes with great access to outdoor space. ” The mood: “Equal parts   Hispanic and hipster bohemian, the neighborhood is both a   community and the site of much creativity. ” Best perk: “Seemingly every week, there’s a new restaurant, bar, or art gallery popping up. ” Biggest downside: “Vestiges of the poverty from the 70s and 80s remain. Many buildings are rundown and pockets of crime still exist. ” While there are just 35 searchable neighborhoods compared with the 288 at PlaceILive, StreetEasy’s results are presented in a rich,   format that may appeal to those less  . Selecting from StreetEasy’s list of neighborhood characteristics like “ ” and “ ” whittles down the number of places. Information on schools, while included in StreetEasy listings pages, is not mentioned in the neighborhood guides given the complexity of school zones, which can vary within a given neighborhood, said Susan Daimler, the general manager of StreetEasy, which is owned by Zillow Group, an online real estate database company. Naked Apartments, a New York City rental site and app, which was acquired by Zillow Group earlier this year, offers a similar Neighborhood Finder on its website that distills your search to apartment size, price, building features (doorman,   et cetera) and neighborhood “vibes” including “fun night life” and “cool factor. ” It seems a bit dated compared with StreetEasy’s guides, requiring a series of clicks to find neighborhood descriptions, but includes more destinations in its results. The New York Times introduced a neighborhood recommendation tool based on your budget earlier this year. When a recent search for a   for $750, 000 in Park Slope, Brooklyn, resulted in zero listings, for example, clicking “Where Should I Live” pulled up a graph pointing to the Brooklyn neighborhoods of Prospect Heights, Windsor Terrace and Williamsburg as alternatives with listings at that price. PicketFencer, a new site and web app focused on the New York suburbs, was born of David Leibowitz’s frustrations when making the leap from Brooklyn about six years ago. “There were plenty of sites that helped you find a house, but there was nothing for when you need to decide where you want to live in the first place. ” Word of mouth eventually led Mr. Leibowitz’s family to Maplewood, N. J. but the process, he said, “just seemed so lacking in rigor. ” With hundreds of towns outside the city to choose among, all with different commutes, school systems and personalities, he added, “it was hard to make sense of all these variables. ” PicketFencer, which Mr. Leibowitz subsequently founded, made its debut last month. New Yorkers looking to move to the suburbs can filter some 600 towns throughout New Jersey, Westchester County, Long Island and Connecticut by commute time, school ratings, affordability or walkability. Selecting a   commute from New York City, for example, school ratings of at least nine out of 10 and a walkability score of at least 70 of 100 produced nine neighborhoods, including Larchmont in Westchester County, New Hyde Park on Long Island, and Cranford, N. J. in Union County. Social content from Instagram, YouTube, Yelp and Twitter provides a snapshot of the town’s personality. And there are links to descriptive articles from The New York Times and other publications. For more   PicketFencer also offers to connect users with a real estate agent. But the site still has a way to go in terms of data context. It wasn’t initially clear, for example, what kind of transportation  —   car, train, bus?  —   the commute time to New York City is based on or why one town has a walkability score of 70 and another a 90. “We definitely want to do a better job of that,” Mr. Leibowitz said. Clicking an information icon to the left of the filters, he pointed out, explains that commute time is based on “public transportation. ” Even with kinks that need working out, such tools help fill an information gap. Real estate agents, citing   laws that prevent them from steering people to or from certain places based on race, religion, sex, marital status and other categories, tend to sidestep many questions about neighborhoods. “I totally appreciate the intent behind the law,” said Frederick Warburg Peters, the chief executive of Warburg Realty in New York. “But the intense fear of offending anyone or making anyone feel possibly excluded goes to such lengths that literally we end up being able not to say anything. People ask us, ‘Are there other young children in the building?’ and we are not supposed to answer. ” Kara I. Rakowski, a partner at the law firm Belkin Burden Wenig  Goldman, said if the online tools are involved with the sale, rental and financing of dwellings, by, say, offering listings or selling advertising to brokerage firms, they could be subject to   laws. “The fact that they are providing a service to try to assist people in finding the right neighborhood that fits them is great,” she said, but if the service “is really encouraging or discouraging protected classes from those neighborhoods, that could be an issue for them. ” Because it is a data company and does not sell or rent homes, Mr. Legeckas said PlaceILive is not in violation of fair housing laws. Other sites pointed out that they do not display data about or allow searching by any of the categories protected by   laws. Some services still rely on the human touch. Alison Bernstein is the founder of Suburban Jungle, a    real estate advisory firm that works personally with city dwellers to find the right suburb for their lifestyle. Ms. Bernstein’s territory is what no algorithm will cover, like knowing “what the moms are wearing to ” or that “every kid has a Mandarin tutor at the age of 6. ” “These are all intangible things that you have to live with on a daily basis,” she said, “and no computer program can express that to you. ” To determine a match, clients are assigned a “suburb strategist” who is not a real estate agent and is trained to dig deep, asking, for example, “what is your definition of a good school?” Ms. Bernstein said. “For one family it might be top test scores. For other people that might be a nightmare, because they don’t want a pressure cooker. ” Once a town or towns has been chosen, clients are referred to real estate agents who have been vetted by Suburban Jungle, which receives a portion of the commission should the client buy a home. Bottom line: While the new tools can help focus your search and may help you uncover some neighborhoods you might have overlooked on your own, even the best data cannot substitute for the sensation of walking down a street and feeling that you are home.",0
12545,Tech Limitations Hinder ICE Enforcement of Visa Overstays,"A recent U. S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) report reveals the information technology (IT) used by the government is ineffective to keep tabs on those who overstay visas. Moreover, the lag also causes a delay in determining whether a visa holder poses a national security threat. There is a backlog of more than 1. 2 million visa overstays. [Auditors with the Office of Inspector General (OIG) at DHS found that U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) investigations “may take months” to determine both a visa holder’s status and whether they are a threat to public safety.  According to a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas from the DHS Office of Inspector General, the IT scheme that exists presently “forc[es] ICE personnel to laboriously piece together vital information from up to 27 distinct DHS information systems and databases to accurately determine an individual’s overstay status. ” The system lacks “integration and   capabilities. ” The result: a stockpile of more than 1. 2 million visa overstay cases. Another problem in keeping track of visa overstays is the absence of a biometric system at the U. S. ports of departure. Immigration experts with the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) reported in September 2013: Tracking the arrival and departure of foreign visitors to the United States is an essential part of immigration control. The need for arrival controls is obvious, but recording departures is also important without it, there is no way to know whether travelers have left when they were supposed to. It is also vital that such exit tracking employs biometric indicators  —   for instance, the travelers’ photos or fingerprints. Using only biographic information, such as names or passport numbers, provides no assurance that the person departing is the one whose original arrival was recorded. CIS reported that “a biometric   system for aliens departing by air or sea is feasible immediately at a reasonable cost. ” Estimates, based on the costs at the time, showed that implementation expenses for the first year would range from $400 million to $600 million. This estimate included significant cost overruns. The immigration think tank suggested that implementation could be covered with a “relatively small fee increase” on those charged to foreign nationals who come to the country via air or sea. They wrote that the expense very likely would not require a congressional appropriation. There are 40 million of these individuals who travel by air. Moreover, CIS reported that as of September 2013, 14 countries already had, or were in the process of getting, biometric systems for air travelers. ICE officials have now been given the responsibility of identifying those who overstay their visa. The workload “would be minimal with a biometric exit” system and this would “enable the agency to focus on enforcing the law rather than diverting hundreds of agents to this task as it does now. ” The   program used to be charged with determining visa overstays. ICE was given this responsibility in 2013 when the then   program was divested of it. CIS reports that “the executive branch has so far refused to implement such a system. ” Yet, CIS reports Congress directed that an exit system be set up (in eight different statutes since 1996) and the three most recent legislative mandates require a biometric component. Although the cost has likely increased since 2013, many immigration experts would probably urge that so has the risks to Americans. Officials already capture these facial images and fingerprints at airports of entry and consular offices when foreign nationals are seeking to come into the U. S. CIS reports this information is “queried an average of 30, 000 times every day by authorized federal, state, and local government users. ” This information is used by intelligence officers and law enforcement and is shared with other countries to arrest criminals and terrorists who change their names and other information to get safely lost in the U. S. “ICE must equip its personnel with the tools and training they require for the vital work of tracking visitors who overstay their visas,” said Inspector General John Roth. “Timely identification, tracking, and adjudication of potential visa overstays is critical to ICE’s public safety and national security mission. ” Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
12546,6 Brutal Truths About Democrats The 2016 Election Has Revealed,"You are here: Home / US / 6 Brutal Truths About Democrats The 2016 Election Has Revealed 6 Brutal Truths About Democrats The 2016 Election Has Revealed October 29, 2016 Pinterest 
Seth Connell reports that a new video released from Project Veritas provides evidence that Hillary Clinton herself worked in the operation to rig the election to ensure a win. 
This video is the third installment from Project Veritas, which has released two previous undercover videos showing Democratic operatives discussing highly unethical and illegal campaigning activities. 
The videos revealed such damaging information that two top Democratic operatives were released from their position; when people from the Clinton camp step down, you know it’s bad . BREAKING: Rigging the Election – Video III: Creamer Confirms @HillaryClinton Involvement https://t.co/ozb1frZ7rR #Veritas @PVeritas_Action 
— James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) October 24, 2016 
This third installment includes a shocking number of insights into how the Democratic Party has been running the Clinton campaign. Several of the most memorable quotes from the video include: 
“Nobody is really supposed to know about me.”-Aaron Black 
“So Brad, and Bob, and Lux, and myself are all part of the old school method where, it doesn’t matter what the freakin’ legal and ethics people say, we need to win this motherf**ker.” -Aaron Black 
(In regards to the “Donald Duck” characters showing up at Trump events): “Skalar [Clinton operative] had gone to some buddy of his who is one of her body people and she explained the idea to Hillary. And Hillary just loved it. Let me tell you something, I think she has the right instinct here. This thing is working, is resonating but that story is not exactly what you want to hear about how presidential decision-making happens.” -Robert Creamer 
The coordination between the Clinton Camp, the DNC, and Americans United for Change is a rather obvious violation of federal campaign finance laws regarding expenditures. DNC chair Donna Brazile was also involved in the coordination with the Clinton Camp as well. 
Additionally, Robert Creamer discussed why the Donald Duck idea had to be owned by AUFC and not by the DNC. 
“The duck has to be an Americans United For Change entity. This had to do only with some problem between Donna Brazile and ABC, which is owned by Disney, because they were worried about a trademark issue. That’s why. It’s really silly.” 
Later in the video Creamer revealed why that is the case: 
“Donna Barzile had a connection with them and she didn’t want to get sued.” 
And finally, an explicit admission about Hillary’s desires, straight from Creamer himself: 
“We originally launched this duck because Hillary Clinton wants the duck.” 
Watch the full video below: 
This certainly seems to be illegal campaigning, based on these videos. One of the interns even stated that there was a whole slew of reasons why responsibilities had to be divvied up, because the whole scheme was a mess. And why is that? Because they are violating campaign coordination law, so they have to. 
It’s truly unbelievable. A plethora of revelations now show us how corrupt Hillary Clinton and the DNC are, yet there are still millions of people that support them. If these revelations continue, and they still support her, what can you really say? 
When corruption penetrates this deeply, and when the citizens still wholeheartedly back those who are driving the corruption, the country is in serious danger. 
God help us.",0
12547,How Safe is Food Packaging to our Health?,"Keywords: food packaging , packaging 
One of the major reasons why lots of people choose organic foods is to avoid exposure to chemicals. However, most of these organic foods, such as beans , often come in packaging which, if not done well, there are lots of chemicals present that can greatly interfere with the normal physiology especially if there is a wrong choice of packaging company. 
Various types of food packaging can possibly leach compounds into your food. Investigate your packaging, kitchen, and you’ll observe a lot of materials to be concerned about. Regardless of the possibility that you’re for the most part a “real food” type of individual, you presumably have canned merchandise, oats, pasta’s, and granola bars packaged in plastic bags, plastic wrap and plastic storage in your washroom. 
Most by far of food and refreshment cans which seem, by all accounts, to be made of metals like steel and aluminum in reality are lined with BPA, BPS or “deplorable substitutes” like polyvinyl chloride (PVC), which contains the known cancer-causing agent vinyl chloride. Your canned soup, soda, significantly seltzer or juices are likely exposing you to BPA and different compounds you’re in an ideal situation not ingesting. 
Even packaging made of evidently amiable paper might be lined with chemicals of concern like PFASs, which can be found in pizza boxes and the wrapping of slick takeout food. Extra chemicals from flame retardants to BPA have worked their way into our paper packaging as laudable efforts to recycle paper have presented a variety of different contaminants. 
The Environmental Working Group (EWG) has added yet another database to its arsenal of chemical data for consumers, permitting the individuals who need to avoid exposure to toxins to check for BPA in their food packaging. They built up the database since they contend that “Consumers have a right to recognize what’s in their food – particularly with regards to an ingredient, for example, BPA, that has been linked to cancer, infertility, mind, nervous system and cardiovascular abnormalities, diabetes, obesity and different genuine disorders. There’s no simple route for your average consumer to discover what their food is stuffed in, and little research demonstrating the amount of these chemicals migrate into our food. 
A whole-food, unpackaged eating regimen is your best safeguard against the chemicals in packaging. Also, it is very important to check the reputation of the packaging company and if they are positively or negatively rated. Since there are such a large number of unknowns with regards to packaging, your most solid option is to avoid it when conceivable. Proper packaging is can go a long way in ensuring that you retain the health of your body. 
One of the key things in making the packaging safe is by entrusting a packaging company that knows the importance of eliminating all chemicals in the food stuffs. There are packaging companies that are more careful when dealing with food. Packaging your foods wrongly and without proper care can not only pose a risk in your health, but it can ruin your name as the packaging company. Below are some of the ways that you can drastically reduce the harm that may arise during the food packaging. At the point when conceivable avoid canned foods and beverages, plastic wrap, and plastic bottles. Instead, pick a glass when you can, and cook beans yourself but if you must buy, look out for the reputable packaging companies. Accomplish your very own greater amount food preservation to lessen your exposure to packaging chemicals. Have a go at dehydrating some of your garden’s harvest and storing it in glass containers. Avoid putting hot food in plastic storage containers or heating foods packaged in plastic in the microwave. Plastics are significantly more inclined to leach chemicals when heated. Experts recommend keeping plastics out of the dishwasher too. 
By following the above measures, it can go a very long way in ensuring that you do not consume chemicals that are risky to your health. 
Author Bio: Karen Cole is Freelance writer in Health & Beauty niche. She is currently doing research about food packaging and www.allinpackaging.co.uk is helping her a lot in completing the research. Hope you all like this post. You might also like…",0
12548,Hannity Rips NBC For ’Corporate Jihad Against President Donald Trump’ - Breitbart,"Wednesday for his show’s “Opening Monologue,” Fox News Channel host Sean Hannity took aim at NBC News a day after Rachel Maddow, host of MSNBC’s “The Rachel Maddow Show,” released President Donald Trump’s 2005 taxes.  Hannity categorized Maddow’s effort as being part of what he called “the   propaganda media” and offered other examples in addition to Maddow of attacks on Trump. Partial transcript as follows: NBC’s corporate jihad against President Donald Trump continues. Plus, a new report from Circa News shows the investigation into a server connected to Donald Trump was, in fact, a politically motivated hit job pushed by a   Hillary Clinton donor. By the way, that’s tonight’s “Opening Monologue. ” All right, NBC has now hit a new low by releasing the president’s tax returns, or a small portion of them, last night. But what we’re seeing from the alt left propaganda destroy Donald Trump media  —   it’s not new. Now that Donald Trump occupies the Oval Office, the opposition party press is going to new extremes and lows to try and take down his presidency, and they won’t stop until he’s out of office. Now, I’ve been saying since 2008 right here on this program journalism is dead. Now it’s in the ground, buried, flowers on top. And last night’s political hit job by NBC is just the latest example in the media’s long list of attacks against the president. Here’s just a small sampling. (END VIDEO CLIP) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Here you have a deranged president, or a pathologically lying president, lying about the operations of the American government and lying about the previous president of the United States. That’s enough to invoke the 25th Amendment, but Mike Pence and the cabinet are not there yet. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: When he said today “America first,” it was not just a racial  —   I mean, I shouldn’t say racial, the Hitlerian background to it  …     UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I understand why so many people voted for him. I understand where you were coming from. I understand why you liked him. But this man is lying to you. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trump’s critics, those who are worried about this president and this White House, saw a live special television event brought to you by narcissism, thin skin, chaos and deeply personal grievances. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This was a whitelash. This was a whitelash against a changing country. It was a whitelash against a black president in part. And that’s the part where the pain comes. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is a really sad night. I’m just going to say it. This is a very sad night for the country. You can’t polish this turd. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don’t know  —   are you using the word lie or falsehood? What are you  —   what are you  …     UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I mean, I think you have use  —   the word  —   the word  —   you have to call it what it is. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It was interesting because I saw Sean Spicer on FOX News, and he said that you were rude. And I thought  …     (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What if you had called him a fake president? (END VIDEO CLIP) HANNITY: Beyond awful. And when the alt left propaganda media isn’t doing what you just saw and attacking the integrity and mental health of the president, well, they’re running wild all kinds of bizarre conspiracy theories about the Trump campaign colluding with the Russians. Now, what the biased press refuses to tell you  —   there is zero  —   no evidence whatsoever that shows any kind of collusion. Well, that didn’t stop the leader of the   propaganda media, Rachel Maddow herself, from going off the deep end last night, claiming that in 2005, a Russian oligarch knew that Donald Trump was going to be president, so he bought a property from him in Florida and Trump made a huge profit, more than two times what he paid for it! And as I said last night, Maddow thinks that somehow, maybe Russia knew in 2005 that Donald Trump would be elected president in 2016. Unfortunately, NBC News didn’t think that was possible even on election night. Now, that’s pretty pathetic, and the media should know better, but they’d rather put their radical   agenda than telling the truth to the American people. That’s why they never vetted Obama. That’s why they colluded with Hillary. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
12550,Ho’oponopono: Healing For Ourselves & Our World,"Ho'oponopono: Healing For Ourselves & Our World Nov 14, 2016 0 0 
We live in a world that is guided by the universal law of cause and effect. What we as individuals, groups of people, communities, societies and countries put out into the world through our thoughts, manifests. What we put into our collective consciousness has an effect. The cause being the thought. Everything is energy. All things have an energetic effect. We are all responsible for the shape of our lives and our world. We are all connected and bound together through this principle. When we hurt one another, whether intentionally or not, it is truly important for us to find forgiveness and healing. “I am sorry. Please forgive me. I love you. Thank you.” 
This is Ho’oponopono. These four sentences. It is a healing tool we can utilize for forgiveness. At this time, we may offer it to our newly elected world leaders, friends, family or a situation such as the turbulent US presidential election. For those of us unfamiliar with Ho’oponopono, these four sentences offered to both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, as an example, may feel like an instant trigger of built up internal emotions as many people have been going through anger, fear, hurt, confusion, and sadness both during and after this election. This healing modality can help take us from those feelings to feelings of deep forgiveness, acceptance, love and peace. 
“Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.” – Paul Boese 
If there is a need to heal hurtful differences you have had with others around the issue of this election, then you are in right the place right now by reading this piece. What is Ho’oponopono? 
Ho’oponopono is the Hawaiian ritual of forgiveness, and it belongs to an ancient system of teachings called Huna (Hu=Knowledge, na=represents Wisdom). The Hawaiian islands also go by ‘The Land of Aloha’, the land of love. It is in this essence and spirit of Aloha that we find Ho’oponopono. 
We all share a common path. Along that path, there is only one great universal power that accompanies us, and that is the power of unconditional love. It is the essence of God, and the place where compassion and unity spring forth. Ho’oponopono also means “compassion in action”. It helps us move past the duality behind good and evil, which is where we become separate from one another through judgment and condemnation. Through 4 simple sentences, Ho’oponopono can bring us to inner peace, harmony and unity. It offers us a solution to solving a problem while returning us to our divine plan. 
A paradigm shift: “I am sorry. Please forgive me. I love you. Thank you.” 
“Ho’oponopono is a spiritual-soul method of purification that cleanses us from fears and worries, destructive relationship patterns, and any religious dogmas and paradigms that oppose our personal and spiritual development. It cleans out the blockages in our thoughts and cell structure, for our thoughts are made manifest in our body. This is the paradigm change.” 
When we notice disturbances in our harmony and thought process because of a person, event or situation, then we can take this conflict and make a Ho’oponopono: I’m sorry (add the person’s name). We come to a stillness, and connect within our being. We contemplate, recognize and accept the problem, and ask for support through courage and peace. Please forgive me. We view the problem and all of its nuances, and we go within our own heart to seek out any part we may share in the problem. We take on 100% responsibility for the existence of the problem within us, another and our world. (100% responsibility=100% power). This could, for example, be in the form of a past experience where we have been hurt, and we are thus intensifying the current situation with the past. Perhaps we ourselves have made a judgement that has contributed to the conflict. These are all examples of things that require healing from within. I love you. Forgiveness takes place unconditionally, and we pardon ourselves and others. Thank you. With these words we express our faith and trust, and we let go. A prayer of gratitude may be offered to end. 
“If we can accept that we are the sum total of all past thoughts, emotions, words, deeds and actions and that our present lives and choices are colored or shaded by this memory bank of the past, then we begin to see how a process of correcting or setting aright can change lives, our families and our society.” – Morrnah Nalamaku Simeona 
It has been through Dr. Ihaleakala Hew Len, who took over the leadership of the Foundation of I Institute, that Ho’oponopono became known throughout the world. 
He spent 4 years working in the psychiatric department of the state prison in Hawaii, which had conditions described as “the hell”. Thirty prisoners were confined there. There was a chronic shortage of security and staff. Many employees put in their notice as soon as possible after beginning employment, and even handcuffed prisoners were known to inflict violence upon staff. 
While Dr. Hew Len worked there, he never met with a single prisoner. Instead, he spent his days in his office reading their case reports several times daily. With each prisoner’s report, he looked inward, and asked himself what darkness, negativity, power and hatefulness could possibly be within him that it too could be in another, and thus exist in his world. When he found something within himself, he did a Ho’oponopono. 
After 1.5 years, the atmosphere and mood of the prison hospital had completely altered. After 18 months, none of the prisoners needed to wear handcuffs, and they walked freely. People came happily to work, and the illnesses declined. Therapeutic conversations could then be held with the inmates, and after 4 years all of the inmates, except for 2, were completely cured. The institution closed. 
How was this possible? Through Ho’oponopono, Dr. Hew Len worked to continually cleanse his own heart, and take 100% responsibility for the existence of the prisoners in his life. 
This study has been well documented, and Ho’oponopono is now an acknowledged therapy in the USA. There are also more than 50 studies for forgiveness at the diplomatic level. 
“You are today where your thoughts have brought you, and tomorrow you will be where your thoughts will bring you.” – James Allen 
Another form to do the Ho’oponopono is to begin with I love you for unification at the beginning: “Before the sun goes down, forgive.”– Hawaiian Proverb 
Please, take the time to say it aloud. Some people have reported that it has had a miraculous effect when they even whispered it. Looking into your own eyes in a mirror while saying those 4 healing sentences can also be quite a testament to it’s extraordinary effect. 
“Forgiveness is not a one-time thing, forgiveness is a lifestyle.” – Dr. Martin Luther King 
If we all practice Ho’oponopono, look within, forgive, heal and love, then perhaps we can begin to see a shift in our lives as well as in our governments. Through cleansing what we have witnessed during this election season, there is hope for a deep shift within and without. It’s time to love ourselves and each other more. We all need more love. Let’s open ourselves to Ho’oponopono as a way to heal our inner and outer world. 
Deepest love and appreciation to Ulrich E. Dupree for writing the book, ” Ho’oponopono: The Hawaiian Forgiveness Ritual As The Key To Your Life’s Fulfillment”. This little book has been with me for 2 years now. Thus, a lot of the information I have shared in this article has come from it. I am grateful for the balance, peace and healing that it continues to bring into my life. 
This is the website of Dr. Ihaleakalal Hew Len. 
To read testimonials of peoples’ experiences during and after Ho’oponopono, click here . 
Finally, Aloha International has a wonderful list of books and resources (some free) to help understand more about the Huna healing art of Hawaii and Hawaiian Shamanism. 
If you have other resources or references that may help people heal through Ho’oponopono and Huna, please leave a link in the comment section for us to all access and, thus, from which we can continue to heal and grow. 
Peace begins with me. I am a part of the Universe. When I change, the world changes too. Peace begins with each and every one of us. 
“There is only one corner of the Universe you can be sure of improving, and that’s your own self.” – Aldous Huxley 
Aloha, ‘I see the divine in you, and I see the divine in myself.’ May we all find the healing we need, and may we all treat ourselves and others with respect, dignity, compassion, acceptance and love. When we heal ourselves, we heal the world. Peace be with me, and peace be with you. 
Ulonda Faye is a certified wellness practitioner, holistic esthetician, and Rejuv Miracles Practitioner. Based in Santa Fe, New Mexico, she offers online and in-person education in holistic skincare, self-love, beauty rituals, and life coaching.",0
12551,Cloud-resembling animal from the apocalypse accompanied by mysterious sounds,"Cloud-resembling animal from the apocalypse accompanied by mysterious sounds # Isotrop 0 
Chapter 13: 1 I saw a beast coming out of the sea, which had ten horns and seven heads; the horns ten crowns, and upon his heads blasphemous names. 2 And the beast which I saw was similar to a leopard; He had legs like a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion. Tags",0
12552,"Leaders Roll Up Sleeves on Climate, but Experts Say Plans Don’t Pack a Wallop - The New York Times","An airport hangar outside Paris shook with cheers, toasts and   in December as diplomats ushered a landmark climate agreement into existence. On Friday morning, world leaders will gather again at the United Nations for a grand ceremony to sign the document. But can they deliver on their promises to fight global warming? After a   of failed diplomatic efforts, signs are growing that nations have turned a corner in their political willingness to tackle climate change. Many leaders are pushing to make the Paris agreement legally binding years earlier than originally expected. The falling cost of clean energy is providing a powerful tailwind for their efforts. For all the signs of progress and political will, however, new challenges to implementing the accord have arisen just since December. Outside experts also say the countries’   plans are still far from enough to keep global warming to tolerable levels. No country has shared a detailed, credible strategy to achieve what scientists think is necessary: ending the era of   emissions and converting entirely to clean energy no later than the middle of this century. Unless countries develop more ambitious plans, the experts say, the world could ultimately suffer profound consequences, including debilitating heat waves, food shortages and   seas. “I think the train has left the station, and the   transition is going to happen,” said Guido   managing director of a group in Paris and New York, the Sustainable Development Solutions Network, that is analyzing the needed steps. “Whether it will happen in time to head off dangerous climate change is really the question. ” Big uncertainties hung over the climate deal even as the wording was being finalized in Paris, and in some ways, they have only grown since December. President Obama’s domestic climate program was essential in helping him lobby other countries to reach a deal, but it was thrown into turmoil in February when the Supreme Court temporarily shelved his Clean Power Plan. In developing countries, hundreds of   power plants are still on the drawing board. And oil and gas companies continue to invest billions of dollars a year searching for new reserves of fossil fuels. All those factors mean that a goal established by the governments of the world in 2009  —   limiting the warming of the planet to 3. 6 degrees Fahrenheit, or 2 degrees Celsius, above the preindustrial level  —   remains far out of reach. The temperature has risen half that much already, the climate appears to be destabilizing and the great ice sheets in Greenland and Antarctica are starting to melt. The plans that countries offered in Paris would, even if faithfully carried out, fall far short of cutting emissions enough to meet the goal. Moreover, Jeffrey D. Sachs, director of the  Earth Institute at Columbia University, noted this week that most of those plans run only to 2030, with countries still offering no hint of how they might eradicate greenhouse emissions by the 2050s. “The signing ceremony, the unprecedented number of countries that are going to sign is creating a momentum,” said Alden Meyer, director of strategy and policy for the Union of Concerned Scientists, a Washington advocacy group. “But there is still a lot of work to do, not just in the U. S. but around the world, to nail down these domestic actions. ” Looming large over the climate push is the American presidential election. The Democratic candidates, Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, have promised to build on Mr. Obama’s legacy and to pursue strong climate policies. But the two leading Republicans, Donald J. Trump and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, have questioned the science of climate change and sharply criticized the Paris agreement. The fight over a nominee to the Supreme Court is, in part, a fight over the fate of the Clean Power Plan, which is intended to limit emissions from power plants in the United States. The Supreme Court voted 5 to 4 in February to stall the plan. Justice Antonin Scalia, who voted in the majority, died four days later. The plan still has to move through a June hearing in a federal circuit court, and the deciding vote when it gets to the Supreme Court for a final ruling could well be cast by Justice Scalia’s replacement. Moreover, even if the plan is upheld, some experts have concluded that Mr. Obama is likely to leave office without establishing policies sufficient to ensure the country will meet the pledge he offered in Paris: to reduce American emissions by 26 percent to 28 percent in 2025, compared with their level in 2005. The Rhodium Group, an economic consulting firm, has calculated that Mr. Obama’s plans may reduce emissions by only 23 percent or so. The White House contends that it is still on track to meet those targets, and Brian Deese, the White House climate change advisor, said he and his staff are now preparing models and plans to lay the groundwork for the next president to strengthen the current policies. The signing ceremony on Friday is only an intermediate step. After, countries will still have to present formal ratification documents, and the Paris Agreement will not take effect until 55 countries representing 55 percent of global   emissions have done so. That was originally expected to take at least a couple of years. But some countries are talking about rushing through the final steps, possibly even bringing the agreement into force by the end of this year, before Mr. Obama leaves office on Jan. 20. The French minister of environment and energy, Ségolène Royal, alluded to the importance of the American presidential election during a meeting on Monday with reporters at the United Nations, saying the agreement might be “signed and ratified by the time anybody is elected. ” At that moment, the French ambassador to the United Nations, François Delattre, uttered a stage whisper within the earshot of several reporters. “On espère,” he said, or “One hopes. ” For all the lingering political uncertainty, however, the economics of clean energy appear to be improving so rapidly that a radical acceleration of the energy transition may become possible, if governments push it along with new policies. For instance, some analyses suggest that keeping climate change to a tolerable level will require mass adoption of electric cars by the 2030s, coupled with a transition to a cleaner electricity grid to power the cars. Sales of electric cars are now growing at 60 percent a year, albeit from a tiny base, according to a recent report from Bloomberg New Energy Finance. Moreover, car companies are promising a wave of electric models with improved range over the next couple of years, including the Tesla Model 3 that inspired more than 300, 000 people to put down deposits over the last three weeks. Even more significant, perhaps, is that most of the capital being spent in the world to build new power plants is being spent on renewables, twice as much in 2015 as on   power plants, Bloomberg New Energy Finance found. Most of the existing power plants still run on nonrenewable energy, however, and because the plants last for decades, that is likely to change only slowly. Wind turbines and solar panels are now supplying about 10 percent of the world’s electricity, a figure that has doubled in the last decade. The pace of adoption would need to rise sharply to meet the broad climate goals. As the market for clean power technology has grown, the cost has plummeted, and countries are scrambling to adapt their plans. India has promised a   increase in solar power, and bids for giant solar farms there have been coming in so low that many analysts are increasingly convinced that the country can pull it off. The promises rich countries made to secure the Paris agreement included mobilizing billions in financing for poor countries like India. “India’s needs are going to be astronomical if we are going to succeed,” said Dipak Dasgupta, an Indian economist and a former board member of a United Nations fund intended to channel some of the climate money. Whether the money will materialize is one of the great uncertainties about the Paris deal. Mr. Obama has had trouble persuading Republican lawmakers to provide even small sums to advance his international climate agenda, though Congress did approve tax measures in December that would give a big push to wind and solar power in the United States over the next few years. But if the money promised by rich countries is not forthcoming, the poor countries that pledged strong climate action in Paris could easily decide to walk away, one of the many ways the progress reflected in the deal remains fragile  —   and easily reversible.",0
12553,Islamists from Across Europe Moving to UK for ’Freedom’ to Practice Radical Islam,"A growing number of radical Muslims are flocking to move from France to Britain, where generous welfare payments, lack of scrutiny from the authorities, and the ease with which families can practice strict Islam have earned the UK a reputation as a halal paradise for Salafists who are unable to secure visas for Saudi Arabia. [French newspaper L’Obs reports that Small Heath, a neighbourhood of Birmingham where 95 per cent of residents practise Islam, is one of the most popular spots for French Muslims seeking a new home where women can wear the full face veil. The garment has been banned since 2010 in France.  “Daesh [ISIS] isn’t here, and no one is looking at you,” explained Dounia, a woman of Moroccan origin who moved to Small Heath from France with her husband Karim and his four children a year ago. Life in the area is “cool” for Muslims, she said, telling L’Obs how there are single sex gymnasiums and pool schedules with segregated swimming, that shops contain prayer rooms and how, in hospitals, women can ask to be seen by a female doctor. Another reason the pair settled in Small Heath was to “blend in with the masses” Dounia said. A big draw of the UK for Muslims seeking to leave France, L’Obs reports, is the lack of scrutiny in comparison to France and other countries in Europe, where security services often closely monitor Salafists. Earlier in May, Karim, a    Muslim convert, spoke at his    daughter’s school to explain that the family moved to Britain seeking “freedom”. “The children were not aware that [in France] girls are not allowed to wear the veil at school, or that there are no halal dishes in the canteen. They were shocked,” he told L’Obs. And the threat of Brexit accelerated the Salafist exodus to Britain, according to Hussein, who stated that there are around 100 families living in Small Heath who have moved from France, “at least 300 in Birmingham”. The migrant, described by L’Obs as a “pillar of the community” in Birmingham, said other UK “hotspots” prized by Salafists such as Luton, Leicester, and a number of suburbs in London have seen similar movements. Britain has received an influx of Salafists from across Europe, reports L’Obs, noting Salafists from across Europe, especially from “Paris, Roubaix, Marseilles, Bordeaux   …     Belgium, the Netherlands and Spain” have migrated to the UK. The magazine tells readers that for Muslims in the UK: “Life is cheap, unemployment is low and mosques and madrasas are plentiful. ” Young Muslims who have made the move from France to Britain find themselves missing family members, their neighbourhood, and aspects of France such as “the climate and the cheese”. But, as Hassan explained to L’Obs, each migrant has his own anecdote as to why Britain’s   environment means ‘they have no regrets’. “When a Muslim friend has suffered a racist insult, he has complained about it and the manager has been fired,” he said. “We would have no chance of that happening in France. ” “In France it is impossible to tell your boss that you have to pray, but here, you can do it everywhere. “At Ikea, at the factory   …     It is the manager who comes to propose it to you,” Hassan added. Not everything in Small Heath is rosy according to Selma, an English convert to Islam, complaining that far right groups have held protests in the area before. “But it’s a minority,” she said, and highlighted how even state schools “encourage the practice of rigorous Islam”. “It is the teacher who calls up to make sure the little girls don’t forget to wear their headscarves,” she told L’Obs. And schools played a large part in Hussein’s decision to move to Britain with his family, too, reporting they fled “the homosexual propaganda” in French state schools. “We were rejected in France, and it was reciprocal, we built ourselves in religion, and we find ourselves here because we are accepted. ” “I wanted my wife to be able to wear the veil, and for the children to get an education in keeping with our values,” he said. “This gay marriage. How can we accept that?” Asked why   Salafists in France move to Britain rather than a Muslim country, Paris emigrant Hassan told L’Obs that whilst a move to Saudi Arabia would be “ideal” the country makes it difficult for families to get work or visas. “We are caught in the crossfire, Europe does not like us, but we are not really welcome [in the Gulf states] either,” he said. “They say to you, ‘Go home, brother. You have nothing to do here. ’” But for Salafists wanting to live in accordance with strict Islamic teachings, “there is nothing easier for [Muslims with European passports] than to settle in Britain” where there is “a generous welfare package, public services delivered free, plenty of available work, and all with no visa or residence permit required”. according to L’Obs. “Hijra is the call to emigrate to a land that’s welcoming to Muslims,” Hussein told the French weekly. “For us, it is. ”",0
12554,A Saudi Morals Enforcer Called for a More Liberal Islam. Then the Death Threats Began. - The New York Times,"JIDDA, Saudi Arabia  —   For most of his adult life, Ahmed Qassim   worked among the bearded enforcers of Saudi Arabia. He was a dedicated employee of the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice  —   known abroad as the religious police  —   serving with the   troops protecting the Islamic kingdom from Westernization, secularism and anything but the most conservative Islamic practices. Some of that resembled ordinary police work: busting drug dealers and bootleggers in a country that bans alcohol. But the men of “the Commission,” as Saudis call it, spent most of their time maintaining the puritanical public norms that set Saudi Arabia apart not only from the West, but from most of the Muslim world. A key offense was ikhtilat, or unauthorized mixing between men and women. The kingdom’s clerics warn that it could lead to fornication, adultery, broken homes, children born of unmarried couples and   societal collapse. For years, Mr. Ghamdi stuck with the program and was eventually put in charge of the Commission for the region of Mecca, Islam’s holiest city. Then he had a reckoning and began to question the rules. So he turned to the Quran and the stories of the Prophet Muhammad and his companions, considered the exemplars of Islamic conduct. What he found was striking and life altering: There had been plenty of mixing among the first generation of Muslims, and no one had seemed to mind. So he spoke out. In articles and television appearances, he argued that much of what Saudis practiced as religion was in fact Arabian cultural practices that had been mixed up with their faith. There was no need to close shops for prayer, he said, nor to bar women from driving, as Saudi Arabia does. At the time of the Prophet, women rode around on camels, which he said was far more provocative than veiled women piloting S. U. V. s. He even said that while women should conceal their bodies, they needed to cover their faces only if they chose to do so. And to demonstrate the depth of his own conviction, Mr. Ghamdi went on television with his wife, Jawahir, who smiled to the camera, her face bare and adorned with a dusting of makeup. It was like a bomb inside the kingdom’s religious establishment, threatening the social order that granted prominence to the sheikhs and made them the arbiters of right and wrong in all aspects of life. He threatened their control. Mr. Ghamdi’s colleagues at work refused to speak to him. Angry calls poured into his cellphone and anonymous death threats hit him on Twitter. Prominent sheikhs took to the airwaves to denounce him as an ignorant upstart who should be punished, tried  —   and even tortured. I had come to Saudi Arabia to explore Wahhabism, the   Saudi strain of Sunni Islam that is often blamed for fueling intolerance around the world  —   and nurturing terrorism. I spent weeks in Riyadh, Jidda and other cities speaking with sheikhs, imams, religious professors and many others as I tried to peel back the layers of a closed and private society. For the Western visitor, Saudi Arabia is a baffling mix of modern urbanism, desert culture and the   effort to adhere to a rigid interpretation of scriptures that are more than 1, 000 years old. It is a kingdom flooded with oil wealth, skyscrapers, S. U. V.s and shopping malls, where questions about how to invest money, interact with   or even treat cats are answered with quotes from the Quran or stories about the Prophet Muhammad. Religion is woven into daily life. Banks employ clerics to ensure they follow Shariah law. Mannequins lack heads because of religious sensitivities to showing the human form. And schoolbooks detail how boys should cut their hair, how girls should cover their bodies and how often a person should trim his or her pubic hair. While Islam is meant to be a complete program for human life, interpretation is key when it comes to practices. The Saudi interpretation is steeped in the conservatism of central Arabia, especially regarding relations between women and men. In public, most women wear baggy black gowns called abayas, designed to hide their forms, as well as veils that cover their hair and faces, with only thin slits for their eyes. Restaurants have separate sections for “families,” meaning groups that include women, and for “singles,” which means men. Many Saudis mix in private, and men and women can usually meet in hotel lobbies with little problem. Others do not want to mix and see gender segregation as part of their cultural identity. In some conservative circles, men go their whole lives without seeing the faces of women other than their immediate family  —   even their brothers’ wives. Inside the kingdom, all other religions are suppressed. Not only are there no public churches, there is no Church’s Chicken. (It is called Texas Chicken in the kingdom.) When asked about this, Saudis deny that this reflects intolerance. They compare their country to the Vatican, saying it is a unique place for Muslims, with its own rules. Officials I spoke with were upset by the kingdom’s increasingly troubled reputation abroad and said over and over that they supported “moderate Islam. ” But what exactly did they mean by “moderate Islam”? Unpacking that term made it clear how wide the values gap is between Saudi Arabia and its American ally. The kingdom’s “moderate Islam” publicly beheads criminals, punishes apostates and prevents women from traveling abroad without the permission of a male “guardian. ” Don’t even ask about gay rights. Instead of calls for jihad, what I heard were religious leaders insisting that the faithful obey the state. The Saudi royal family is terrified that the jihadist fervor inflaming the region will catch fire at home and threaten its control. So it has marshaled the state’s religious apparatus to condemn the jihadists and proclaim the religious duty of obedience to the rulers. And while it was once common, I heard little disparaging talk about Christians and Jews, although it was open season on Shiites, whose faith is frequently bashed as part of the rivalry with Iran. The only Saudis who suggested I was an infidel were children. Once, a Saudi journalist proudly introduced me to his    daughter, whom he had put in private school so she could study English. “What is your name?” I asked. “My name is Dana,” she said. “How old are you?” “I am 9. ” “When is your birthday?” Confused, she switched to Arabic. “We don’t have that in Saudi Arabia,” she said. “That’s an infidel holiday. ” Shocked, her father asked where she had learned that, and she fetched one of her   textbooks, flipping to a lesson that listed “forbidden holidays”: Christmas and Thanksgiving. Birthdays had been part of the same lesson. Another time, I met a religious friend for coffee, and he brought his two young sons. When the call to prayer sounded, my friend went to pray. His sons, confused that I did not follow, looked at me   and asked, “Are you an infidel?” The first thing many Saudis will tell you about Wahhabism is that it does not exist. “There is no such thing as Wahhabism,” Hisham   told me the first time we met. “There is only true Islam. ” The irony is that fewer people have a purer Wahhabi pedigree than Mr. Sheikh, a direct descendant of the cleric who started it all. In the early 18th century, Sheikh Mohammed ibn   called for a religious reformation in central Arabia. Feeling that Islam had been corrupted by practices like the veneration of saints and tombs, he called for the stripping away of “innovations” and the return to what he considered the pure religion. He formed an alliance with a chieftain named Mohammed ibn Saud that has underpinned the area’s history ever since. Then the Saud family assumed political leadership while Sheikh   and his descendants gave legitimacy to their rule and managed religious affairs. That mix proved potent among the warring Arabian tribes, as Wahhabi clerics provided justification for military conquest in some cases: Those who resisted the House of Saud were not just enemies, but infidels who deserved the sword. The first Saudi state was destroyed by the Ottomans in 1818, and attempts to build another failed until the early 20th century, when King Abdulaziz   undertook a campaign that put him in control of most of the Arabian Peninsula. But the king faced a choice: to continue expansionary jihad, which would have invited conflict with the British, or to build a modern state. He chose the latter, even crushing a group of his own warriors who refused to stop fighting. Since then, the alliance between the royal family and the clerics has endured, although the tensions between the quest for ideological purity and the exigencies of modern statehood remain throughout Saudi society. Fast forward to 2016, and the main players have transformed because of time and oil wealth. The royal family has grown from a group of scrappy desert dwellers into a sprawling clan awash in palaces and private jets. The Wahhabi establishment has evolved from a puritan reform movement into a bloated state bureaucracy. It consists of universities that churn out graduates trained in religious disciplines a legal system in which judges apply Shariah law a council of top clerics who advise the king a network of offices that dispense fatwas, or religious opinions a force of religious police who monitor public behavior and tens of thousands of mosque imams who can be tapped to deliver the government’s message from the pulpit. The call to prayer sounds five times a day from mosques and inside of malls so clearly that many Saudis use it to organize their days. “Let’s meet after the sunset prayer,” they would tell me, sometimes unsure what time that was. So I installed an app on my phone that let me look up prayer times and buzzed when the call sounded. And so it was, after the sunset prayer, that I met Mr. Sheikh, a proud   descendant of Mohammed ibn  . He was a portly man of 42 who wore a long white robe and covered his head with a schmag, or checkered cloth. His beard was long and he had no mustache, in imitation of the Prophet Muhammad, and he squinted through reading glasses perched on his nose while peering at his iPhone. We sat on purple couches in the   lobby of a Riyadh hotel and shared dates and coffee while he answered my questions about Islam in Saudi Arabia. “I am an   person,” he told me early on. It was clear that he hoped I would become a Muslim. His life had been defined by the religious establishment, but he proved to be a case study in the complexity of terms like “modern” and “traditional” in Saudi Arabia. He had memorized the Quran at a young age and studied with prominent clerics before completing his doctorate in Shariah, with his thesis on how technology changed the application of Shariah. Now he had a successful career and a host of religious jobs. He trained judges for the Shariah courts, advised the minister of Islamic affairs, wrote studies for the clerics who advise the king and served on the Shariah board of the Medgulf insurance company. On Fridays, he preached at a mosque near his mother’s house and welcomed visitors who came to see his uncle, the grand mufti. He had traveled extensively abroad, and when he found out I was American he told me that he loved the United States. He had visited Oregon, New York, Massachusetts and Los Angeles. On one trip, he visited a synagogue. On another, a black church. He had also visited an Amish community, which he found fascinating. A relative of his lived in Montgomery, Ala. and he had spent happy months there, often visiting the local Islamic center. The hardest part, he said, was Ramadan, because there were few eateries open late that did not have bars. “All I had was IHOP,” he said. He said Islam did not forbid doing business or having friendships with Christians or Jews. He opposed Shiite beliefs and practices, but said it was wrong to do as the extremists of the Islamic State and declare takfir, or infidelity, on entire groups. When it came to birthdays, which many Saudi clerics condemn, he said he did not oppose them, although his wife did, so their children did not go to birthday parties. But they had celebrations of their own, he said, showing me a video on his phone of his family gathered around a cake bearing the face of his son Abdullah, 15, who had just memorized the Quran. They lit sparklers and cheered, but did not sing. He was on the fence about music, which many Wahhabis also forbid. He said he had no problem with background music in restaurants, but opposed music that put listeners in a state similar to drunkenness, causing them to jump around and bang their heads. “We have something better,” he said. “You can listen to the Quran. ” Since much of what differentiates Saudi Arabia is the place of women, I wanted to talk to a conservative Saudi woman, which was tricky because most would refuse to meet with any unrelated male  —   let alone a   correspondent from the United States. So I had a female Saudi colleague, Sheikha   contact Mr. Sheikh’s wife, Meshael, who said she would meet me. But I asked Mr. Sheikh’s permission. “She is very busy,” he said, and changed the subject. So Ms. Sheikh met Ms. Dosary at a women’s coffee shop in Riyadh, where women can uncover their faces and hair. Her marriage to Mr. Sheikh had been arranged, she said. They met once for less than an hour before they were married, and he had seen her face. “It was hard for me to look at him or to check him out as I was so shy,” she said. They were cousins. He was 21 she was 16. He agreed to her condition for marriage that she continue her studies, and she was now working on a doctorate in education while raising their four children. She disputed the Western idea that Saudi women lack rights. “They believe we are oppressed because we don’t drive, but that is incorrect,” Ms. Sheikh said, adding that driving would be a hassle in Riyadh’s snarled traffic. “Here women are respected and honored in many ways you don’t find in the West,” she continued. She, too, is a descendant of Sheikh   and said proudly that her grandfather had founded the kingdom’s religious police. “Praise God that we have the Commission to protect our country,” she said. The primacy of Islam in Saudi life has led to a huge religious sphere that extends beyond the state’s official clerics. Public life is filled with celebrity sheikhs whose moves, comments and conflicts Saudis track just as Americans follow Hollywood actors. There are old sheikhs and young sheikhs, sheikhs who used to be extremists and now preach tolerance, sheikhs whom women find sexy, and a black sheikh who has compared himself to Barack Obama. In the kingdom’s   society, they compete for followers on Twitter, Facebook and Snapchat. The grand mufti, the state’s highest religious official, has a regular television show, too. Their embrace of technology runs counter to the history of Wahhabi clerics rejecting nearly everything new as a threat to the religion. Formerly banned items include the telegraph, the radio, the camera, soccer, girls’ education and televisions, whose introduction in the 1960s caused outrage. For Saudis, trying to navigate what is permitted, halal, and what is not, haram, can be challenging. So they turn to clerics for fatwas, or nonbinding religious rulings. While some may get a lot of attention  —   as when Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini of Iran called for killing the author Salman Rushdie  —   most concern the details of religious practice. Others can reveal the sometimes comical contortions that clerics go through to reconcile modernity with their understanding of religion. There was, for example, the cleric who appeared to call for the death of Mickey Mouse, then tried to backtrack. Another prominent cleric issued a clarification that he had not in fact forbidden     buffets. That same sheikh was recently asked about people taking photos with cats. He responded that the feline presence was irrelevant the photos were the problem. “Photography is not permitted unless necessary,” he said. “Not with cats, not with dogs, not with wolves, not with anything. ” The government has sought to control the flow of religious opinions with official fatwa institutions. But   fatwas have provoked laughter, too, like the fatwa calling spending money on Pokemon products “cooperation in sin and transgression. ” While the government seeks to get more women into the work force, the state fatwa organization preaches on the “danger of women joining men in the workplace,” which it calls “the reason behind the destruction of societies. ” And there are fatwas that arm extremists with religious justification. There is one fatwa, still available in English on a government website and signed by the previous grand mufti, that states, “Whoever refuses to follow the straight path deserves to be killed or enslaved in order to establish justice, maintain security and peace and safeguard lives, honor and property. ” It goes on: “Slavery in Islam is like a purifying machine or sauna in which those who are captured enter to wash off their dirt and then they come out clean, pure and safe, from another door. ” Once while we were having coffee, Mr. Sheikh answered his cellphone, listened seriously and issued a fatwa on the spot. He got such calls frequently. The query had been about where a pilgrim headed to Mecca had to don the white cloths of ritual purity  —   an easy one. The answer, in this case, was Jidda. Others were harder, and he demurred if he was not sure. Once, a woman asked about fake eyelashes. He told her that he did not know, but thought about it later and decided they were fine, on one condition: “that there is no cheating involved. ” A woman, for example, could put them on before a man came to propose. “And then after they get married, they’re gone!” he said. “That is not permitted. ” One Friday, Mr. Sheikh took me to see his uncle, Grand Mufti Abdulaziz  . We entered a vast reception hall near the mufti’s house in Riyadh, with padded benches along the walls where a dozen bearded students sat. In the center, on a raised armchair, sat the mufti, his feet in brown socks and perched on a pillow. The students read religious texts, and the mufti interjected with commentary. He was 75, Mr. Sheikh said, and had been blind since age 14, when a German doctor carried out a failed operation on his eyes. Mr. Sheikh said I could ask him a question, so I asked how he responded to those who compared Wahhabism to the Islamic State. “That is all lies and slander. Daesh is an aggressive, tyrannous group that has no relation,” he said, using another term for the Islamic State. After a pause, he asked, “Why don’t you become a Muslim?” I responded that I was from a Christian family. “The religion you follow has no source,” he said, adding that I should accept the Prophet Muhammad’s revelation. “Your religion is not a religion,” he said. “In the end, you will have to face God. ” The first time I met Mr. Ghamdi, 51, formerly of the religious police, was this year in a sitting room in his apartment in Jidda, the port city on the Red Sea. The room had been outfitted to look like a Bedouin tent. Burgundy fabric adorned the walls, gold tassels hung from the ceiling, and carpets covered the floor, to which Mr. Ghamdi pressed his forehead in prayer during breaks in our conversation. He spoke of how the world of sheikhs, fatwas and the meticulous application of religion to everything had defined his life. But that world  —   his world  —   had frozen him out. Little in his background suggested that he would become a religious reformer. While at a university, he quit a job at the customs office in the Jidda port because a sheikh told him that collecting duties was haram. After graduation, he studied religion in his spare time and handled international accounts for a government office  —   a job requiring travel to   countries. “The clerics at that time were releasing fatwas that it was not right to travel to the countries of the infidels unless it was necessary,” Mr. Ghamdi said. So he quit. Then he taught economics at a technical school in Saudi Arabia, but didn’t like that it taught only capitalism and socialism. So he said he had added material on Islamic finance, but the students complained about the extra work, and he left. He finally landed a job that he felt was consistent with his religious convictions, as a member of the Commission in Jidda. Over the next few years, he transferred to Mecca and cycled through different positions. There were occasional prostitution cases, and the force sometimes caught sorcerers  —   who can be beheaded if convicted in court. But he developed reservations about how the force worked. His colleagues’ religious zeal sometimes led them to overreact, breaking into people’s homes or humiliating detainees. “Let’s say someone drank alcohol,” he said. “That does not represent an attack on the religion, but they exaggerated in how they treated people. ” At one point, Mr. Ghamdi was assigned to review cases and tried to use his position to report abuses and force agents to return items they had wrongfully confiscated, he said. He recalled the case of an older, single man who was reported to receive two young women in his home on the weekends. Since the man did not pray at the mosque, his neighbors suspected he was up to no good, so the Commission raided the house and caught the man    —   visiting with his daughters. “Often, people were humiliated in inhuman ways, and that humiliation could cause hatred of religion,” Mr. Ghamdi said. In 2005, the head of the Commission for the Mecca region died, and Mr. Ghamdi was promoted. It was a big job, with some 90 stations throughout a large, diverse area containing Islam’s holiest sites. He did his best to keep up, while worrying that the Commission’s focus was misguided. In private, he looked to the scriptures and the sayings of the Prophet Muhammad for guidance on what was halal and what was haram, and he documented his findings. “I was surprised because we used to hear from the scholars, ‘Haram, haram, haram,’ but they never talked about the evidence,” he said. Realizing the gravity of such a conclusion for someone in his position, he stayed silent and filed the document away. But his conclusions would, soon, emerge. Around the time he was rethinking his worldview, King Abdullah, then the monarch, announced plans to open a   university, the King Abdullah University of Science and Technology, or Kaust. What shocked the kingdom’s religious establishment was his decision to not segregate students by gender, nor impose a dress code on women. Kaust followed the precedent of Saudi Aramco, the state oil company, which had also been shielded from clerical interference, highlighting one of the great contradictions of Saudi Arabia: Regardless of how much the royal family lauds its Islamic values, when it wants to earn money or innovate, it does not turn to the clerics for advice. It puts up a wall and locks them out. Most clerics kept quiet out of deference to the king. But one member of the top clerical body addressed the issue on a   show, warning of the dangers of mixed universities: sexual harassment men and women flirting and getting distracted from their studies husbands growing jealous of their wives rape. “Mixing has many corrupting factors, and its evil is great,” said the cleric, Sheikh Saad   adding that if the king had known this was the plan, he would have stopped it. But mixing was in fact the king’s idea, and he was not amused. He dismissed the sheikh with a royal decree. From his office in Mecca, Mr. Ghamdi watched, frustrated that the clerics were not backing a project he felt was good for the kingdom. So after praying about it, he retrieved his report and boiled it down to two long articles that were published in the newspaper Okaz in 2009. They were the first strikes in a yearslong battle between Mr. Ghamdi and the religious establishment. He followed with other articles, went on TV and faced off against other clerics who insulted him and marshaled their own evidence from the scriptures. His colleagues at the Commission shunned him, so he requested  —   and was swiftly granted  —   early retirement. Once off the force, he questioned other practices: forcing shops to close during prayer times and urging people to go to the mosque, requiring face veils, barring women from driving. Each comment lit a new inferno. A woman once asked him on Twitter if she could not only show her face, but also wear makeup. Sure, Mr. Ghamdi said, setting off new attacks. Then in 2014, he was to appear on a popular talk show, and the producers filmed a segment about him and his wife, who appeared with her face showing and said she supported him. Harsh responses came from the top of the religious establishment. Many attacked his religious credentials, saying he was not really a sheikh  —   a dubious accusation since there is no standard qualification to be one. They targeted his résumé, too, saying he had no degree in religion and pointing out, correctly, that his doctorate was from Ambassador University Corporation, a diploma mill that gives degrees based on work experience “in the Middle East. ” “There is no doubt that this man is bad,” said Sheikh Saleh   a member of the top clerical body. “It is necessary for the state to assign someone to summon and torture him. ” The grand mufti addressed the issue on his   show, saying that the veil was “a necessary order and an Islamic creation” and calling on the kingdom’s television channels to ban content that “corrupts the religion and the morals and values of society. ” If the clerical attacks on Mr. Ghamdi were loud, the blowback from society was more painful. His tribe issued a statement, disowning him and calling him “troubled and confused. ” His cellphone rang day and night with callers shouting at him. He came home to find graffiti on the wall of his house. And a group of men showed up at his door, demanding to “mix” with the family’s women. His sons  —   he has nine children  —   called the police. Before the   Mr. Ghamdi had also delivered Friday sermons at a mosque in Mecca, earning a government stipend. But the congregation complained after he spoke out, and he was asked to stay home, later losing his pay. Mr. Ghamdi had not broken any laws and never faced legal action. But in Saudi Arabia’s   society, the attacks echoed through his family. The relatives of his eldest son’s fiancée called off their wedding, not wanting to associate their family with his. “Are you with your brother or with me?” Mr. Ghamdi said his sister’s husband had asked her. “She said, ‘I am with my brother. ’” They soon divorced. Mr. Ghamdi’s son Ammar, 15, was taunted at school. Ammar said another boy had once asked him: “How did your mom go on TV? That’s not right. You have no manners. ” So Ammar punched him. One evening in Jidda, a university professor invited me to his home for dinner. His wife, a doctor, joined us at the table, her hair covered with a stylish veil. They had recently been married and he joked that they were meant for each other because she was good at cooking and he was good at eating. His wife chuckled and gave him more soup. I asked about Mr. Ghamdi. “From what I read and what I saw, I think he’s right and he stood up for what he believes in,” the professor said. “I admire that. ” The problem, he said, is that tolerance for opposing views is not taught in Saudi society. “Either follow what I say or I will classify you, I will hurt you, I will push you out of the discussion,” he said. “This is  . We have many people thinking in different ways. You can fight, but you have to live under the same roof. ” His wife had no problem with mixing or with women working, but did not like that Mr. Ghamdi had caused a scandal by making his views public. The royal family sets the rules, and it was inappropriate for subjects to publicly campaign for changes, she said. “He has to follow the ruler,” she said. “If everyone just comes out with his own opinion, we’ll be in chaos. ” After dinner, a young cleric who works for the security services dropped by. He, too, agreed with Mr. Ghamdi, but would not talk about it openly. The response, he said, is part of the deep conservatism in the clerical establishment that is impeding development. He often gave lectures to security officers, followed by discussions, he said, and a common question he heard was, “Isn’t the military uniform haram?” Many Wahhabi clerics preach against resembling the infidels, leading to confusion. He believed that wearing uniforms was fine, and worried that such narrow thinking made people susceptible to extremism. “It’s like in those American movies when they invent a robot and then they lose control and it attacks them and the remote control stops working,” he said. The next day, the professor thanked me for my visit in a text message. “I’d like to remind u that any story that would uncover the source may hurt us. I trust your discretion,” he wrote, followed by three flowers. All that was left, really, was to to speak with the Commission. What did its leaders and rank and file think about all of this? But for a force portrayed as   and all powerful, it proved surprisingly shy. I could not visit Mr. Ghamdi’s former office because   are barred from entering Mecca. So I had multiple contacts ask for interviews with relatives who worked for the Commission, but they all declined to speak. I called the Commission’s spokesman, who told me that he was traveling and then stopped answering my calls. I even dropped by the Commission’s headquarters, a boxy,    building on a Riyadh highway between a gas station and a car dealership. Its website advertised open hours with the director, so I went to his office, through halls filled with bearded men milling about and slick banners proclaiming “A Policy of Excellence” and “Together Against Corruption. ” “He didn’t come today,” the director’s secretary told me. “Maybe next week. ” On my way out, two men invited me into an office and served me coffee. “How do you like working for the Commission?” I asked. “Everyone who chooses this job loves it,” one said. It was the work of “the entire Islamic nation,” and it felt good “to bring people from the darkness into the light. ” The other man had been on the force for 15 years and said he preferred working in the office. “You rest more in the administration,” he said. “Out there we have problems with people. They call us the religious police. Criminals! Thieves! You never get to rest out in the field. ” A scowling man appeared in the doorway and told me that I was not allowed to talk to anyone. The first man soon left. The second offered me more coffee, then tea, then forced me to take a bottle of water when I left. The first irony of Mr. Ghamdi’s situation is that many Saudis, including members of the royal family and even important clerics, agree with him, although mostly in private. And public mixing of the sexes in some places  —   hospitals, conferences and in Mecca during the pilgrimage  —   is common. In some Saudi cities it is not uncommon to see women’s faces, or even their hair. But there is a split in society between the conservatives who want to maintain what they consider the kingdom’s pure Islamic identity and the liberals (in the Saudi context) who want more personal freedoms. Liberals make cases like Mr. Ghamdi’s all the time. But sheikhs don’t, which is why he was branded a traitor. The second irony is that this year, Saudi Arabia instituted some of the reform Mr. Ghamdi had called for. It had been a rough year for the Commission. A video went viral of a girl yelping as she was thrown to the ground outside a Riyadh mall during a confrontation with the Commission, her abaya flying over her head and exposing her legs and torso. For many Saudis, “the Nakheel Mall girl” symbolized the Commission’s overreach. Then the Commission arrested Ali   a popular talk show host who often criticized religious figures. Photos appeared online of Mr. Oleyani in handcuffs with bottles of liquor. The photos were clearly staged and apparently had been leaked as a form of character assassination. Many people were outraged. In April, the government responded with a surprise decree defanging the religious police. It denied them the power to arrest, question or pursue subjects, forced them to work with the police and advised them to be “gentle and kind” in their interactions with citizens. Mr. Ghamdi applauded the decision, although he remains an outcast, a sheikh whose positions rendered him unemployable in the Islamic kingdom. These days, he keeps a low profile because he still gets insults when he appears in public. He has no job, but publishes regular newspaper columns, mostly abroad. Near the end of our last conversation, his wife, Jawahir, entered the room, dressed in a black abaya, with her face showing. She shook my hand, exuding a cloud of fragrance, and sat next to her husband. The experience had changed her life in unexpected ways, she said. And like her husband, she had no regrets. “We sent our message, and the goal was not for us to keep appearing and to get famous,” she said. “It was to send a message to society that religion is not customs and traditions. Religion is something else. ”",0
12555,Raid in Yemen: Risky From the Start and Costly in the End - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Just five days after taking office, over dinner with his newly installed secretary of defense and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, President Trump was presented with the first of what will be many    decisions: whether to approve a commando raid that risked the lives of American Special Operations forces and foreign civilians alike. President Barack Obama’s national security aides had reviewed the plans for a risky attack on a small, heavily guarded brick home of a senior Qaeda collaborator in a mountainous village in a remote part of central Yemen. But Mr. Obama did not act because the Pentagon wanted to launch the attack on a moonless night and the next one would come after his term had ended. With two of his closest advisers, Jared Kushner and Stephen K. Bannon, joining the dinner at the White House along with Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr. Mr. Trump approved sending in the Navy’s SEAL Team 6, hoping the raid early last Sunday would scoop up cellphones and laptop computers that could yield valuable clues about one of the world’s most dangerous terrorist groups. Vice President Mike Pence and Michael T. Flynn, the national security adviser, also attended the dinner. As it turned out, almost everything that could go wrong did. And on Wednesday, Mr. Trump flew to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware to be present as the body of the American commando killed in the raid was returned home, the first military death on the new commander in chief’s watch. The death of Chief Petty Officer William Owens came after a chain of mishaps and misjudgments that plunged the elite commandos into a ferocious   firefight that also left three others wounded and a $75 million aircraft deliberately destroyed. There are allegations  —   which the Pentagon acknowledged on Wednesday night are most likely correct  —   that the mission also killed several civilians, including some children. The dead include, by the account of Al Qaeda’s branch in Yemen, the    daughter of Anwar   the   Qaeda leader who was killed in a targeted drone strike in 2011. Mr. Trump on Sunday hailed his first counterterrorism operation as a success, claiming the commandos captured “important intelligence that will assist the U. S. in preventing terrorism against its citizens and people around the world. ” A statement by the military’s Central Command on Wednesday night that acknowledged the likelihood of civilian casualties also said that the recovered materials had provided some initial information helpful to counterterrorism analysts. The statement did not provide details. But the mission’s casualties raise doubts about the months of detailed planning that went into the operation during the Obama administration and whether the right questions were raised before its approval. Typically, the president’s advisers lay out the risks, but Pentagon officials declined to characterize any discussions with Mr. Trump. A senior administration official said on Wednesday night that the Defense Department had conducted a legal review of the operation that Mr. Trump approved and that a Pentagon lawyer had signed off on it. Mr. Trump’s new national security team, led by Mr. Flynn, the former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency and a retired general with experience in counterterrorism raids, has said that it wants to speed the   when it comes to such strikes, delegating more power to   officials so that the military may respond more quickly. Indeed, the Pentagon is drafting such plans to accelerate activities against the Qaeda branch in Yemen. But doing that also raises the possibility of error. “You can mitigate risk in missions like this, but you can’t mitigate risk down to zero,” said William Wechsler, a former top counterterrorism official at the Pentagon. In this case, the assault force of several dozen commandos, which also included elite soldiers from the United Arab Emirates, was jinxed from the start. Qaeda fighters were somehow tipped off to the stealthy advance toward the village  —   perhaps by the whine of American drones that local tribal leaders said were flying lower and louder than usual. Through a communications intercept, the commandos knew that the mission had been somehow compromised, but pressed on toward their target roughly five miles from where they had been flown into the area. “They kind of knew they were screwed from the beginning,” one former SEAL Team 6 official said. With the crucial element of surprise lost, the Americans and Emiratis found themselves in a gun battle with Qaeda fighters who took up positions in other houses, a clinic, a school and a mosque, often using women and children as cover, American military officials said in interviews this week. The commandos were taken aback when some of the women grabbed weapons and started firing, multiplying the militant firepower beyond what they had expected. The Americans called in airstrikes from helicopter gunships and fighter aircraft that helped kill some 14 Qaeda fighters, but not before an   Osprey aircraft involved in the operation experienced a “hard landing,” injuring three more American personnel on board. The Osprey, which the Marine Corps said cost $75 million, was badly damaged and had to be destroyed by an airstrike. The raid, some details of which were first reported by The Washington Post, also destroyed much of the village of Yakla, and left senior Yemeni government officials seething. Yemen’s foreign minister, Abdul Malik Al Mekhlafi, condemned the raid on Monday in a post on his official Twitter account as “extrajudicial killings. ” Baraa Shiban, a Yemeni fellow for Reprieve, a   human rights group, said he spoke by phone to a tribal sheikh in the village, Jabbr Abu Soraima, who told him: “People were afraid to leave their houses because the sound of choppers and drones were all over the sky. Everyone feared of being hit by the drones or shot by the soldiers on the ground. ” After initially denying there were any civilian casualties, Pentagon officials backtracked somewhat on Sunday after reports from the Yemeni authorities begin trickling in and grisly photographs of bloody children purportedly killed in the attack appeared on social media sites affiliated with Al Qaeda’s branch in Yemen. Capt. Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman, said on Monday that some of the women were combatants. The operation was the first known   ground mission in Yemen since December 2014, when members of SEAL Team 6 stormed a village in southern Yemen in an effort to free an American photojournalist held hostage by Al Qaeda. But the raid ended with the kidnappers killing the journalist and a South African held with him. That mission and the raid over the weekend revealed the shortcomings of secretive military operations in Yemen. The United States was forced to withdraw the last 125 Special Operations advisers from the country in March 2015 after Houthi rebels ousted the government of President Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi, the Americans’ main counterterrorism partner. The loss of Yemen as a base for American counterterrorism training, advising and   was a significant blow to blunting the advance of Al Qaeda’s branch in the country and keeping tabs on their plots. The Pentagon has tried to start rebuilding its counterterrorism operations in Yemen, however last year, American Special Operations forces helped Emirati troops evict Qaeda fighters from the port city of Mukalla.",0
12556,"In a Blow to Prosecutor, South Korean Court Blocks Arrest of Samsung Group Leader - The New York Times","SEOUL, South Korea  —   A South Korean court on Thursday blocked a prosecutor’s attempt to arrest Jay Y. Lee, the leader of Samsung, saying there was not enough evidence that Mr. Lee had bribed President Park   in a scandal that led to her impeachment. A justice on the Central District Court in Seoul, Cho   rejected the prosecutor’s request to issue an arrest warrant, saying said it was “difficult to recognize the need” to incarcerate Mr. Lee. Mr. Lee, a   scion and vice chairman of Samsung, one of the world’s biggest conglomerates, was immediately released from a detention center outside Seoul, where he had been waiting for the court to decide whether he should be formally arrested. South Koreans have paid keen attention to the fate of Mr. Lee. Some analysts said his case was a test of whether the country’s relatively youthful democracy and judicial system are ready to crack down on the   crimes of   conglomerates. No Samsung leader has ever been jailed, though the company has been investigated many times for corruption. The court’s decision is likely to anger many South Koreans who have held weekend rallies calling for Ms. Park’s ouster and the arrest of business tycoons on corruption charges. The special prosecutor called the court decision “very regrettable. ” But he has yet to announce whether he will offer more evidence in a renewed effort to have Mr. Lee arrested. He can also indict Mr. Lee on bribery or lesser charges without arresting him. “We will take necessary steps and persist in our investigation without wavering,” said Lee   a spokesman for the special prosecutor, without elaborating. Samsung welcomed the court’s decision. For now, the ruling allows Mr. Lee to continue to lead Samsung. It dealt a blow to the special prosecutor who had tried to build a bribery case against Mr. Lee and Ms. Park. Mr. Lee’s father has twice been convicted of bribery and tax evasion but has never spent a day in prison. Each time, he received a presidential pardon and returned to management. Mr. Lee, 48, was accused of paying $36 million to Ms. Park’s secretive confidante, Choi  . The special prosecutor and Mr. Lee’s lawyers have been arguing over how to characterize the money. In November, state prosecutors indicted Ms. Choi on extortion charges, saying she leveraged her connections with Ms. Park to coerce Samsung and scores of other big businesses to contribute tens of millions of dollars to two foundations Ms. Choi controlled or to companies run by her or her associates. They identified Ms. Park as an accomplice, but they brought no charges against the businesses, which they saw as victims of extortion. But the special prosecutor, Park   who took over the investigation from state prosecutors last month, has called Samsung’s contributions bribes that were exchanged for political favors from Ms. Park. That includes government support for a merger of two Samsung affiliates in 2015, which helped Mr. Lee inherit corporate control from his incapacitated father, the chairman, Lee   according to the prosecutor.   groups accused the prosecutor of overreaching in an attempt to find a   scapegoat to soothe a public infuriated over Ms. Park’s corruption scandal and fed up with decades of collusive ties between the government and the chaebol. Mr. Lee was the most prominent businessman to be ensnared in the special prosecutor’s broadening investigation into the corruption scandal that led to Ms. Park’s impeachment by Parliament last month. Ms. Park’s presidential powers remained suspended, while the Constitutional Court is expected to rule in coming weeks whether she should be reinstated or formally removed from office. “We have been too lenient toward chaebol corruption,” said Moon   an opposition politician who leads in polls on contenders to replace Ms. Park if she is removed. Speaking to a group of foreign reporters hours before the court’s decision, Mr. Moon said Samsung was typical of a chaebol whose top boss wielded “imperial powers” over his sprawling business group but was ”seldom held accountable” for corruption or managerial failures. Ms. Park denies any wrongdoing. Mr. Lee and Samsung have also denied bribery they argued that the “donations” Samsung paid out to Ms. Choi were coerced, not meant as a quid pro quo for political favors from Ms. Park.",0
12557,"Trump votes changed to Clinton on machines, some early Texas voters say","Print 
[Ed. – If this is a ‘calibration error,’ why is it happening only in this direction?] 
Some early voters in Texas said that when they reviewed their straight-ticket Republican selections on voting machines one significant candidate choice was changed. 
While all down-ballot names indeed reflected GOP candidates, their presidential choice showed Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton instead of Republican nominee Donald Trump, the Dallas Morning News reported . 
But elections officials counter that the claims are probably false or due to user error, the paper said. More from the Morning News: 
Garland City Council member Stephen Stanley said he went to an early voting station at Nicholson Memorial South Branch Library on Tuesday morning while campaigning for candidates on the ballot. 
He said around noon a woman came out of the library and told him she had tried to vote straight ticket Republican but the machine said she had voted straight Democrat.",0
12558,‘I Screwed Up’: Sean Spicer Apologizes for Holocaust Comments - The New York Times,"In a 2014 speech at his old high school in Rhode Island, Sean Spicer laid out his personal guidelines for success. Rule No. 4: Take responsibility when you mess up, and you will be rewarded. “I make mistakes everyone does,” Mr. Spicer, now the White House press secretary, told his audience. “How you handle those mistakes is what makes the difference in life. ” This week, Mr. Spicer is trying to take his own advice. One day after he delivered a stunner of a gaffe from the White House lectern  —   favorably comparing Hitler to President Bashar   of Syria, then clumsily referring to Nazi death camps as “Holocaust centers”  —   Mr. Spicer gave an abject apology on Wednesday, saying, “It really is painful to myself to know that I did something like that. ” “I made a mistake there’s no other way to say it,” Mr. Spicer said, his face taut, during a scheduled interview in Washington. “I got into a topic that I shouldn’t have, and I screwed up. ” Facing a national outcry that included calls for his resignation, Mr. Spicer offered no excuses, describing his remarks as “inexcusable and reprehensible” and acknowledging that the timing  —   during Passover and the Christian Holy Week  —   “compounds that kind of mistake. ” “On both a personal and professional level, yesterday was not a very good day in my history,” he told the MSNBC anchor Greta Van Susteren. His appearance, at a forum sponsored by the Newseum, was broadcast live by CNN and MSNBC, just one sign of the intense interest in the press secretary’s remarks. Mr. Spicer, whose tenure as President Trump’s chief spokesman has made him a television sensation and   punch line, calls himself his own worst critic. And while he said “it’s an honor” to serve as press secretary, he also marveled to Ms. Van Susteren about the level of scrutiny that the role entails. “No matter what you do, what you wear, it gets amplified to a degree that you couldn’t imagine,” Mr. Spicer said. (The fit of his suit and placement of his lapel pin are just two of the sartorial scandals he has faced so far.) When Ms. Van Susteren moved on to other topics, some of Mr. Spicer’s usual feistiness resurfaced. He complained about the Washington news media’s focus on palace intrigue over policy, and he repeated his laments about journalists’ reliance on anonymous sources. Responding to reporting based on unidentified sources, he said, was like “shooting at a ghost. ” Ms. Van Susteren responded by pointing out that the president often made assertions without providing evidence or the source of his information. Mr. Spicer also criticized the White House Correspondents’ Association dinner, which the Trump administration is boycotting this year. “I don’t think that just sitting there and watching a bunch of celebrities walk by is somehow an indication of how much you care about or respect the press or the First Amendment,” he said. But asked by Ms. Van Susteren if he enjoyed his job, Mr. Spicer responded, “I love it. ” “I truly do believe it’s an honor to have this job,” he added. “It is a privilege. And if you don’t believe it, then you shouldn’t be here. ”",0
12559,Zimbabwe Follows Robert Mugabe’s Health by Following His Plane - The New York Times,"HARARE, Zimbabwe  —   It is an indirect clue at best, but it is often all they can get: Many Zimbabweans have taken to divining the state of their increasingly frail    leader’s health from the movements of his presidential plane. On Saturday morning, anyone with a smartphone could see that Air Zimbabwe Flight 1, as the plane is known, was hugging Africa’s eastern coast on its way home to Harare, the capital, after four days in Dubai. The flight designation, UM1, meant that President Robert Mugabe, the world’s oldest head of state, was on board. Mr. Mugabe’s trip to the Middle East had been made suddenly, with no explanation from the secretive Zimbabwean government, fueling rumors that the president was deathly ill and desperately seeking medical treatment overseas. The main political opposition helped feed those rumors, with one of its leaders posting online, in a tone of great authority, that Mr. Mugabe had suffered a stroke and that it was unlikely “he can come back from this. ” But ordinary Zimbabweans and journalists were left with hardly any verifiable facts, other than what flight tracking apps could tell them. And it was not the first time. In March, when Mr. Mugabe was traveling in Asia, he canceled a visit to India at the last minute, and the government refused to reveal his whereabouts. The apps showed that his plane was in Singapore, one of the places where he has received medical treatment in recent years. (The government said he had cataract surgery there and was otherwise healthy, but a 2008 American diplomatic cable released by WikiLeaks said he had been treated in Singapore for prostate cancer.) The president’s health has been an   topic this year for Zimbabweans of all classes, as the effects of age and possible illness have become harder for Mr. Mugabe to hide. Many Zimbabweans, who have known only one leader since gaining independence 36 years ago, are bracing for the future with the same trepidation that many Chinese felt near the end of Mao Zedong’s long rule, or that the Congolese did with Mobutu Sese Seko. They speak about “when the old man goes” or “when nature takes its course. ” The uncertainty of a   political order compounds the anxieties. The political class is engulfed in a ferocious fight over succession, and it is far from clear where the security forces, the traditional guarantors of Mr. Mugabe’s power, will stand. In the capital, politicians and diplomats report that Mr. Mugabe has slowed down considerably in the past year. He works only a few hours a day and says little in meetings. Several times, he has been caught on video stumbling or falling asleep at public events. Like most wealthy Zimbabweans, Mr. Mugabe goes abroad for better medical care than he can get at home. That narrows the circle of Zimbabweans who are truly informed about his health  —   and it means that every time he flies, especially on extended or unannounced trips outside Africa, the rumors fly as well, often claiming that he has died or is at death’s door. “There will never be a thing called a vacuum, so if the officials are not giving information, rumors will fill the vacuum,” said Tendai Biti, the president of an opposition party, the People’s Democratic Party. “The feelings of uncertainty are a byproduct of a very unstable environment created by the president himself. ” “But this is not unique to Zimbabwe,” added Mr. Biti, who served as finance minister in a coalition government from 2009 to 2013. “Mobutu used to die so many times. In Uganda, Idi Amin used to die so many times. In China, Chairman Mao used to die so many times. In Russia, how many times did Brezhnev used to die?” This time, the speculation about Mr. Mugabe seemed to have more foundation than usual. He had been scheduled to go to Ghana in   to receive a lifetime achievement award from the Millennium Excellence Foundation for helping to liberate Zimbabwe, but canceled the trip at the last minute. When he resurfaced several days later at an agricultural show, his appearance merely fanned the flames. He seemed to stumble at one point and was apparently wearing slippers rather than shoes with his suit. Mr. Mugabe appeared to bounce back, flying to Kenya on Aug. 26 for a conference, followed by a meeting in Swaziland. After that, however, UM1’s movements began raising alarms in some circles. The plane left Swaziland a day before the conference ended, spent three hours in Harare and then took off again for Dubai, arriving on the morning of Aug. 31. Days of silence ensued. The government said only that Mr. Mugabe was in the Middle East on official business. The Sept. 1 headline on the independent newspaper NewsDay read, “Mystery Over Mugabe Trip. ” “Each time you people don’t know the purpose of the president’s visit, there is always a default explanation that he is ill,” George Charamba, Mr. Mugabe’s spokesman, was quoted in the article as saying. Eddie Cross, a lawmaker with the main opposition party, Movement for Democratic Change, wrote on his blog the next day, “We hear that the Old Man had a stroke. ” He added, “It would have been so much more dignified if he had recognized that his ‘sell by’ date had arrived and he had retired and handed over to a chosen successor. ” UM1 took off again after midnight on Saturday, and by 6 a. m. the tracking apps had it over the waters between Mozambique and Madagascar, headed southwest. Journalists and officials began to gather at Harare’s airport, where the sun shone in a clear sky on a fine spring morning. When the plane landed at 7:58, reporters for the state news media were ushered onto the tarmac. “Yes, it’s true,” Mr. Mugabe told them cheerfully. “I was dead, and I resurrected, as I always do. ” He said he had gone to Dubai to check up on his elder son, Robert Jr. an architecture student. Speculation immediately turned to whether Mr. Mugabe’s allies had churned up false rumors of his death to discredit the independent news media and the political opposition. Zimbabwe’s central intelligence organization has a history of spreading disinformation. Mr. Cross, the opposition lawmaker, said by phone that he had based his blog post on information from intelligence officials, members of the governing   party, South African intelligence officials and a minister. Conjuring a scene from the macabre comedy “Weekend at Bernie’s,” Mr. Cross argued that Mr. Mugabe’s allies were propping up a dying president to maintain their hold on power. At the airport, a reporter asked Mr. Mugabe whether he was a ghost. “Once I get back to my country,” he replied, “I am real. ”",0
12560,Golden Reaction: What Simone Manuel’s Historic Moment Looked Like - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   Simone Manuel won the   freestyle on Thursday night, becoming the first   woman to win gold in an individual swimming event. Here is a poolside view of her reaction, from the moment she realized she won until she received the gold medal on the podium, and her reflections on the race. “I was super surprised. . .. I don’t think there was a definitive point where I thought I had the race. I don’t remember much of it except the last 15 meters. I think I put my head down earlier than normal and just told myself to get my hand on the wall as fast as I possibly could. ” “The whole time I was trying not to cry. . .. But I think just hearing the national anthem and knowing you put your heart into that race and you represented your country in the best way you know how, I think that meant a lot because that was my first individual win at an international meet and it just felt great. ” “This medal is not just for me, it’s for some of the   that have come before me, have been inspirations and mentors to me. ” “Just coming into this race tonight, I kind of tried to take the weight of the black community off my shoulders, which is something I carry with me just being in this position. But I do hope that it kind of goes away. I’m super glad with the fact I can be an inspiration to others and hopefully diversify the sport. But at the same time I would like there to be a day where there are more of us and it’s not Simone, the black swimmer, because the title black swimmer makes it seem like I’m not supposed to be able to win a gold medal or I’m not supposed to be able to break records. That’s not true because I work just as hard as anybody else and I love the sport and I want to win just like everybody else. “ ..",0
12561,"Met Picasso Belonged to Family That Fled Nazis, Suit Says - The New York Times","The estate of a German Jewish businessman sued the Metropolitan Museum of Art on Friday in an effort to claim one of its most valuable Picassos, “The Actor,” asserting in court papers that the museum does not hold good title to the painting because the businessman was forced to sell it at a low price after fleeing the Nazis. According to the filing in United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, the former owner, Paul Leffmann, had to sell his home and businesses in Cologne, Germany, before he fled with his wife, Alice, to Italy in 1937, as conditions in Europe worsened. Before they left Italy for Switzerland, and finally fled to Brazil, he sold the painting in 1938, the lawsuit says. The sale was made under duress to the Paris art dealers Hugo Perls, a collector of Picasso’s work, and Paul Rosenberg, Picasso’s dealer, for $13, 200, the suit says. In 1941, Thelma Chrysler Foy bought the painting through New York’s Knoedler Gallery for $22, 500, a price the estate says is evidence that the 1938 sale had been at a discount. She donated it to the Met in 1952, where it has been continuously displayed since. The   oil on canvas shows an attenuated male figure gesturing with his hands. The Met curators describe it as a “simple yet haunting” work that marked the beginning of Picasso’s interest in “the theatrical world of acrobats and saltimbanques. ” The lawyers for the estate  —   who estimate a value of more than $100 million for the painting  —   said in the court filing that the museum “did not disclose or should have known that the painting had been owned by a Jewish refugee, Paul Leffmann, who had disposed of the work only because of Nazi and Fascist persecution. ” The lawyers said they had negotiated with the Met for several years, while the Met investigated the claim, but they had never been able to reach a settlement. “The Leffmanns would not have disposed of this seminal work at that time, but for the Nazi and Fascist persecution to which they had been, and without doubt would continue to be, subjected,” Lawrence M. Kaye of the law firm Herrick, Feinstein said in court papers. In a statement, the Met strenuously denied there were grounds for the claim, asserting that the 1938 sale had been for fair market value and had not been made under duress. The amount the Leffmanns received was, the museum said, “a higher price than any other early Picasso sold by a collector to a dealer during the 1930s. ” The Met said its ownership had never been questioned until Laurel Zuckerman, administrator of the Leffmann estate and   of Paul and Alice Leffmann, approached the museum more than 10 years ago. The museum also said the Leffmanns had made no claim on the painting after the war, when they did try to reclaim property they had been forced to sell. Lawyers for the Leffmann estate criticized the Met, saying that for many years it had given an erroneous provenance for the painting, indicating that subsequent to Mr. Leffmann it had been owned by an unnamed German private collector until 1938, and that the Met corrected this only in 2011. The Met said the provenance was not erroneous but was based on the recollection of the buyer Hugo Perls. It reflected the fact that the painting was owned by a German in Switzerland and was updated when more information became available, it said.",0
12562,"The Lonely Toil of Frank Ocean: Is It Art, or Denial? - The New York Times","What times these are for “work”! It’s the title of a song that Rihanna and Drake have made pretty much 2016’s best single, and the partial title of another that Fifth Harmony’s made one of the year’s naughtiest. The entire Beyoncé “Lemonade” experience involves the work of marriage and black womanhood. But no musician’s been more literal about the work he’s doing than Frank Ocean. “Work” because, late last month, he ended four years of obscurity with maximal creative output: new songs, a glossy   magazine, one   music video, one   music    tutorial, and four superbly   bodegas in four cities. Compliments of Mr. Ocean, the stores gave out the magazine and a CD, whose music was available for download exclusively through Apple and only as a single,   entity formerly known as an album. The most instructive piece of Mr. Ocean’s data dump is that 45 minutes. Packaged as a curio called “Endless,” it stars assorted Mr. Oceans (three of him) wearing sweats and sweaters, sending planks of wood through a table saw as airy, new, sporadically inviting music inhabits the soundtrack. It celebrates the making of something. By hand. In a sense, he’s just crafting. He’s also crafting mystique. Were he a different artist, Mr. Ocean might have made a perfunctory appearance at the Video Music Awards on Sunday, if only to say: “Hey  —   I’ve got this album. Here’s a song from it,” the way Kanye West used his slot for the premiere of a new video. But “Endless” proves that’s not what he’s about. The showmanship of the V. M. A.s seems beside Mr. Ocean’s point. The   of his peers illuminates his indifference to it. Mr. Ocean is   it’s “Endless” because the work never ends. Mr. Ocean presents himself not as an artist, per se, but as an art student, a hermit laboring in a business that runs on extroversion. As much I might like to see him do a lap of Carpool Karaoke, I’m not going to hold my breath. In this era of meticulous   his apparent apartness feels like something to celebrate. Sure, the randomness of the magazine’s content and the vague, plaintive earnestness of some lyrics are more unfashionably adolescent  —   more Tumblr  —   than you’d want from a   . But his     melancholy is a draw. He’s got the No. 1 album in the country, much to the bafflement of a music industry used to artists who want what it wants. He’s both giving away and selling  —   and selling himself sparingly, decorously. Looks like him, shirtless and wet, on the cover of the new record, “Blonde” (spelled “Blond” on the cover). His head’s down, his face behind his hand, his hair a Joker shade of green. Maybe he’s cracking up maybe he’s breaking down. He spends “Endless” in long shots and a few   toiling alongside those clones of himself. Shrunk down to smartphone size, however, the black and white render him a mere design element. It isn’t just that you can’t see him much. You can’t always hear his natural voice, either. Technology on “Blonde” distorts his singing, and usually that’s alluring  —   like David Bowie in one of his alien phases. But it also sounds like   as on “Nikes,” the album’s opening song. In the glittered short video, he sits outside in front of a car, his eyes rimmed in makeup. Elsewhere, he’s lying on the ground in different jump suits  —   one white and   one black and ablaze, eventually being extinguished. He’s human on the one hand, extraterrestrial on the other  —   the burning man who fell to earth. Who knows what this sense of alienation and the attraction to obscurity mean? It’s not Mr. Ocean’s duty to explain. But some of the breathless anticipation for new Ocean music has everything to do with the singular position he occupies. His coming out, in 2012, as a man who likes men, made him queer. And in the hetero, “no homo” realms of     RB and even pop, that admission made him an outlier. It’s also made us desperate to know his next moves: How does a major queer artist stay major? Homosexuality might be normal in this country. But a gay, black, male pop star is treated like an oracle, despite nothing in his discography bespeaking the oracular. It hasn’t been just music we needed from him. Unfairly or not, it’s been symbolism. What’s notable about this new music is how guarded it is, against meaning too much and meeting too many expectations. You can hear pain, confusion, curiosity, dispassion, anomie, defensiveness and need, feelings that were present on his magnificent previous album, from 2012, “Channel Orange. ” But there he housed feelings and moods within somewhat traditional song structures. He built songs around those feelings. The approach on “Blonde” and in “Endless” is deconstructionist. The best song on “Endless” doesn’t even belong to him. It’s a dreamy   position paper called “Device Control,” by the photographer Wolfgang Tillmans. Emotionally, Mr. Ocean finds loneliness instead of redemption, expressed in spare guitars, keyboards, static, noise and outsourced exasperation. For now, other people seem more interesting to him. This year is the 25th anniversary of “Truth or Dare,” Madonna’s landmark authorized peep show into her touring life. It’s still revealing layers of its star. “Endless” and “Blonde” reject that kind of disclosure. For instance, we don’t know the names of the people who’ve headlined Mr. Ocean’s hurt. He’s not Taylor Swift. He hasn’t made his “Lemonade. ” He doesn’t believe in blind news items. He believes in blinds. These are projects that prize process over persona. Unlike Beyoncé, he didn’t wake up like this. Unlike Beyoncé, he offers carpentry that’s literal: Mr. Ocean is grainin’ on actual wood. He’s all work, no play. And artistically, it makes Frank a dull guy. (Isn’t it worth noting that, in 2013, he lost the best new artist Grammy to the band Fun?) That processing is in the music: the minimalism the rejection of   pop the Sonic Youth, Radiohead and Arthur Russell the creative ranginess of Mr. West. If kicky new songs like “Ivy,” “Nights” and “ ” let you think he was headed toward Stevie Wonder, Prince or even Bill Withers: Oops. Mr. Ocean appears to be trying out an aesthetic and, for now, that aesthetic appears to be excessive asceticism. A denial, a denial, a denial. He didn’t invent idiosyncratic independence. He’s just dramatizing it. That makes the   gap between now and “Channel Orange” significant. He’s been exploring vocations. What he’s creating in “Endless” turns out to be a set of stairs. So, really, he’s making a statement  —   first about ascendance (he’s building his way up and out) then about effort: He’s doing it all himself, metaphorically declaring his independence. The steps he’s built aren’t just any steps. They’re like the golden spiral staircase, steps that, mathematically speaking and from a bird’  view, carry the climber farther away from the central axis of origin at a particularly pleasing rate. Mr. Ocean has willed himself from RB curio to major pop star to art student. That might sound like a regression, and musically, maybe so. The songs, the magazine, the stores that gave them away feel like final projects. Obviously, he’s released his first new work in a long time. But you could also say he’s arrived at a different milestone: graduation.",0
12563,President Obama’s 2013 Golf Trip With Tiger Woods Cost Taxpayers $3.6 Million,"President Obama’s 2013 Golf Trip With Tiger Woods Cost Taxpayers $3.6 Million   Source: Against Crony Capitalism 

Golf, as I have written before is a wonderful game. It is a thinking persons game. It is profoundly challenging and one can play it practically until they cart you away to the afterlife clubhouse. That Obama also likes golf is one of the few things on which he and I could (in theory) relate. (My usual go to with my “progressive” friends is classic rock. If one can drink a beer, keep one’s politics in check for a couple of hours and talk T-Rex and The Kinks we can be friends.) That he has played as much golf as he has in his presidency I also see as a positive. I’d rather have him wandering the fairways than getting all “inspired” back in the White House. 
But a $3.6 million golf trip in the taxpayer’s dime is just insulting. 
(From Mediaite) 
In February 2013, President Obama took a four-day golf vacation to Florida where he played a round with Tiger Woods , and took a lesson from Woods’s former coach, Butch Harmon . 
A new report from The Washington Times says that the long weekend getaway cost taxpayers $3.6 million .",0
12564,Trump Fires FBI Director James Comey - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump fired FBI Director James Comey on Tuesday, according to a statement from the White House. [In a statement from the press office, the White House said Trump acted on the recommendation of Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.  “The FBI is one of our Nation’s most cherished and respected institutions and today will mark a new beginning for our crown jewel of law enforcement,” Trump said in a statement announcing Comey’s termination. In a letter to the president Tuesday, Sessions wrote that after an evaluation, he had concluded that “a fresh start is needed at the leadership of the FBI. ” “It is essential that this Department of Justice clearly reaffirm its commitment to longstanding principles that ensure the integrity and fairness of federal investigations and prosecutions,” Sessions wrote. “The Director of the FBI must be someone who follows faithfully the rules and principles of the Department of Justice and who sets the right example for our law enforcement officials and others in the Department. ” In his own memorandum to the Attorney General Tuesday, Rosenstein said the reputation and credibility of the FBI had “suffered substantial damage” in the last year. The deputy attorney general cited Comey’s handling of the investigation into former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s private email server as a “textbook example of what federal prosecutors and agents are taught not to do. ” The president also sent a letter to Comey Tuesday informing him he had been terminated effective immediately. “While I greatly appreciate you informing me, on three separate occasions, that I am not under investigation, I nevertheless concur with the judgement of the Department of Justice that you are not able to effectively lead the Bureau,” Trump wrote. “It is essential that we find new leadership for the FBI that restores public trust and confidence in its vital law enforcement mission. ” More docs, letter from AG Sessions on firing FBI Director James Comey   …     pic. twitter.   —   Michelle Moons (@MichelleDiana) May 9, 2017,  More docs, letter from AG Sessions on firing FBI Director James Comey   …     pic. twitter.   —   Michelle Moons (@MichelleDiana) May 9, 2017,  Comey did not immediately release a statement confirming his dismissal. Comey was appointed FBI Director by former president Barack Obama in September 2013. He served as deputy attorney general under the George W. Bush administration from December 2003 until August 2005. Prior to that, he was U. S. attorney for the Southern District of New York, where he prosecuted a number of major terrorism and criminal cases. He also worked in the U. S. Attorney’s Office for the Eastern District of Virginia from 1996 to 2001, and had served as general counsel and senior vice president for Lockheed Martin and general counsel for the investment firm Bridgewater Associates. Comey became a controversial figure in the 2016 presidential race for the agency’s handling of the investigation into Clinton’s private email server. He came under fire again days before the November 8 election when he announced the discovery of additional emails related to the investigation. In March, Comey testified that the FBI was investigating the Russian government’s possible interference in the 2016 election,  including the “nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government, and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia’s efforts. ” During his appointment ceremony in October 2013, Comey described the obligation of the FBI as having to balance independence from “all political forces and interests” in the United States with its enforcement of the rule of law and the country’s system of checks and balances. “You see, those three words  —   Fidelity, Bravery, Integrity  —   capture the essence of the FBI and its people. And they also explain why I am here,” Comey said at the time, according to a White House transcript. “I wanted to be here to work alongside those people, to represent them, to help them accomplish their mission, and to just be their colleague. ”   This is a developing story. Kristina Wong contributed to this report. Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
12565,Before the Flood (2016),"Share on Facebook Tweet 
Join Leonardo DiCaprio as he explores the topic of climate change, and discovers what must be done today to prevent catastrophic disruption of life on our planet. 
Before the Flood, directed by Fisher Stevens, captures a three-year personal journey alongside Academy Award-winning actor and U.N. Messenger of Peace Leonardo DiCaprio as he interviews individuals from every facet of society in both developing and developed nations who provide unique, impassioned and pragmatic views on what must be done today and in the future to prevent catastrophic disruption of life on our planet. [watch video below]",0
12566,Trump Economic Advisor Gary Cohn Says White House Will Push ’One Cohesive’ Tax Plan This Year - Breitbart,"The Trump administration is committed to overhauling the tax code this year, according White House Economic Advisor Gary Cohn. [Cohn said that overhauling the tax code is one of the top priorities for the Trump administration in 2017, claiming specifically that they have spent an “enormous amount” of time discussing the topic.  “I don’t know if it’s August or not,” Cohn said in an interview Friday morning on Bloomberg TV. “Getting it done well and getting it done right is more important than getting it done soon. ” Cohn, who serves at the head of the National Economic Council, claims that Congress will work on putting together “one cohesive” tax plan when it returns from recess in  . Trump’s aides have insisted that, unlike the failed effort to repeal Obamacare, the tax code rewrite will be driven by the White House. President Trump claimed he would introduce a “phenomenal” tax plan at the outset of his presidency but has yet to do so, leading some to believe that there is an internal debate over portions of the new code, such as the controversial   tax, which would enact a tax on companies’ domestic sales and imported goods. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
12567,Pinkerton: The U.S.-China Competition: Cyberspace and Outer Space,"Second in a Series  …    [In our first installment, we noted that in the distant past, China had invented key technologies —  for   and   —  and yet had failed effectively to develop them.  For China, those choices were a calamity of epic proportions, because other countries soon glommed onto that   —  and used it against China.  As a result, China suffered a decline that stretched over five centuries only in the last few decades has that downslope been reversed —  and, as we all know, reversed dramatically. So now let’s consider the possible fate of another country, the United States.  In the 20th century, America invented many important technologies we will dwell on two of them.  As we shall see, the U. S. chose to develop effectively one of these technologies, but not the other.  So could the U. S. today be making the same sort of mistake that China made in the past?  We’ll likely know the answer to that question sometime in this century, but even now, the early warning signs are ominous. Let’s start with the technology that we developed effectively: the Internet. On October 28, 1969, the first   was sent on the ARPANET link between UCLA and Stanford University.  (“ARPA” stood for the Pentagon’s Advance Research Projects Agency, which had financed the effort for the previous six years.) Indeed, for most of the following two decades, the Internet, as it came to be called, was financed entirely by the public sector —  the Defense Department, as well as the National Science Foundation. Yet then Uncle Sam chose to do something ingenious: Having deployed public resources to create the Internet, the feds then turned it over to the private sector.  Thus by 1989, when a company known as Quantum Computer Services rebranded itself as America Online, the Net was flourishing as a platform for the most brilliant of capitalist exuberance.   (As an aside, we might recall that Uncle Sam had earlier used this same model —  public investment, followed by privatization —   for other key industries, including shipbuilding, radio, aviation, and radar.) Indeed, as to the Internet, the government has long been maintaining its protective watch.  For example, back in 1983, the Federal Communications Commission ruled that phone companies (mostly, ATT) could not levy “access charges” on data —  as distinct from voice —  transmissions.  This decision was little noticed at the time, but it was, in fact, a huge deal, as Reed Hundt, chairman of the FCC under President Clinton, conceded in his memoir.  As Hundt put it, that “  or accidentally smart” ruling by the FCC in ’83 enabled the Net to blossom. “In the absence of the FCC’s decision,” Hundt wrote, “the Internet would have been so expensive that [founder Marc] Andreesen’s Netscape would not have been a hiccup, much less one of the first bubble stocks of the Internet. ” To tell the story Hundt’s way is to describe the FCC’s role in fostering the Net as an unalloyed good.  To tell it another way, the FCC forced ATT to host, on the cheap, a rival industry —  namely, digital —  on its network.  In law, that process of governmental imposition is sometimes referred to as a “taking. ” And yet either way the story is told, we can see the results in the humongous Internet of today: The U. S. made a profound choice, and it had a profound impact. Next we can cite another example of the government giving the Net a boost: In 1998, Bill Clinton signed the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, which included a “safe harbor” provision for Internet Service Providers, immunizing them from legal liability for the actions of Internet users.  We can immediately note that most other industries have no similar safe harbor if a consumer misuses their products, the companies can be held legally liable. Indeed, we might pause to reflect on the immensity of this safe harbor provision: If, say, Google were to be held liable for every copyright violation found on its site, it wouldn’t be in business today.  To put this matter another way, through deliberate legislation, the government presided over the transfer of billions, if not trillions, of dollars of copyrights, from holders to users. Moreover,   firms have generally not been subject to state and local sales taxes, even as, of course, traditional “bricks and mortar” retailers must collect the tax.  For better or for worse, this exemption has given   companies an enormous advantage over its more traditional rivals. Thus we can see: Internet companies, over the last few decades, have benefited from a kind of “industrial policy. ”  Governments at all levels have adopted policies that have favored the Internet industry. Today, while there’s plenty of controversy about Net companies and their effect on America, it’s undeniable that overall, these policies have worked as intended —  in 2017, we have a lot of Internet.  In fact, nearly nine in ten Americans use the Internet regularly, and Net companies, plus related tech companies, are the richest firms in the U. S. Yet if the Internet began in the U. S. it didn’t stop there: The power of the Net was quickly diffused around the planet.  It is, after all, the World Wide Web. Most notably, China’s tech companies, too, are surging.  Strictly speaking, that country is not a full part of the WWW, because the government’s Great Firewall of China blocks much access.  And yet still, China’s cyberspace is flourishing. To be sure, Internet penetration in China is much less than in the U. S. only about 53 percent.  Yet even so, in a country of 1. 37 billion people, Internet users amount to more than 700 million.  In other words, China has an enormous market, which the Chinese government has protected from foreign competition.  Thanks to that sheltering mechanism —  typically labeled as a “  barrier,” indigenous Chinese companies, such as Alibaba, Baidu, and Tencent, have flourished.  While they are still smaller than Amazon, Facebook, and Google, they are technologically at or near par, and they are growing fast, Of course, there are other, less savory, aspects of the Internet.  For instance, on the subject of computer hacking, the Chinese might well be the world’s leaders —  even more so than the Russians.  Newt Gingrich has said that China’s hacking of U. S. intellectual property costs our country $360 billion a year, while another estimate, admittedly from an   source, puts the cost to the U. S. at $5 trillion a year. In view of those statistics, it’s fair to ask: Will the U. S. be able to keep any sort of lead?  And in addition, is the U. S. safe from an overt future hack attack —  an electronic Pearl Harbor? In the meantime, here’s a statistic to consider: China makes 90 percent of the world’s computers, including virtually all of them sold in the U. S. —  even those used, more and more, by the Department of Defense. And speaking of computers, China continues to make quantum leaps in futuristic computer hardware.  Last year it was reported that China has built the world’s fastest supercomputer —  and built it entirely without U. S. computer chips.  In the words of Computerworld: There is no U. S.  system that comes close to the performance of China’s new system, the Sunway TaihuLight.  Its theoretical peak performance is 124. 5 petaflops . . . A petaflop equals one thousand trillion (one quadrillion) sustained   operations per second. The new computer, the article continued, can be used for “advanced manufacturing, earth systems modeling, life science and big data applications. ”  Indeed, according to a worried U. S. Chamber of Commerce, China intends to leverage its high tech into overall economic dominance in the 21st century. And oh yes, such economic dominance would allow for rapid gains in nuclear weapons technology and other kinds of military technology.  One might ask: What other kinds of “miltech”?  Answer: One day, we’ll find out. Thus we can conclude: Whereas the Chinese of    ago made the drastic mistake of neglecting technology, they’re not making that mistake any more.  So even though the U. S. started with an enormous early lead, the People’s Republic is catching up fast —  and may even surge ahead. Indeed, the rest of the world must be wondering whether China, which led the world in technology for most of the last five thousand years, is now in the process of reasserting its historic global edge. So at minimum, we can conclude that America is in a serious competition with the Chinese.  We might call it the cyberspace race.  Such competitive racing among nations doesn’t have to end in war, although it’s a bleak lesson of history that oftentimes national rivalry does, in fact, end in confrontation, if not outright conflict. Thus for the sake of our national security, including economic security, it would seem imperative that the U. S. should be striving hard to both stay secure and stay ahead.  As we saw in the first installment, the national price of falling behind is too painful to contemplate. So with that injunction —  failure is not an option, or at least it darn well shouldn’t be —  let’s resolve not to let the American technological achievement of the Internet be dissipated into global mediocrity and weakness. Okay, so now let’s turn from cyberspace to outer space.   That is, from the infinitely small to the infinitely large. Interestingly, just as the hinge year for cyberspace was 1969 —  when that fateful first electronic message was sent —  the same year was a banner year for outer space. I’m referring, of course, to the moon landing: On July 20, 1969, the command module Columbia of the Apollo 11 mission, carrying two astronauts, Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin, set down on the lunar surface.  Back on earth, billions of people watched it happen, live on TV. In the long run, the moon landing might well have been, as Armstrong said, “one giant leap for mankind,” but in the short run, it was a giant leap for the USA.  It was our technology, our achievement, our glory —  and our moon. In those days, everybody knew about the moon landing, and NASA, while almost nobody knew about ARPA. Yet almost immediately thereafter, interest in, and support for, the space program took a tumble.  We had been there and done that, the thinking went, and so now we must move on to other things —  mostly, to address “unmet needs” down on earth.  And so, amidst massive national apathy, the last American astronaut trod the moon’s surface in 1972. In the decades since then, several U. S. presidents, including Donald Trump on April 24, have talked about returning to the moon, or even going to Mars.  But there’s been no definitive vision, and no determined plan along the lines put forth by President John F. Kennedy, who pledged, back in 1962, that the U. S. would become “the world’s leading   nation. ” Today, in fact, a grand total of two Americans are currently in space.  That’s two out of more than 324 million Americans.  In other words, we aren’t at all, as JFK had hoped, a spacefaring nation.  (In fairness, no other country is, either: The world’s total spacefaring population —  all aboard the International Space Station —  is a mere five.) Still, for the U. S. once the unquestioned leader in space, the question arises: In losing interest in space exploration, is the U. S. making a mistake today akin to the mistake that the Chinese made in the 15th century, when they stopped their   oceanic expeditions?   That does seem like a highly pertinent question. To be sure, some will protest that another, less ambitious, aspect of the space program is doing just fine: namely, the orbital satellite business.  That business is indeed huge according to one recent estimate, there are more than a thousand satellites orbiting the earth, some for surveillance, most for communication, and a few for various kinds of   research and development.  And yes, there are a few for military purposes —  more on that later. As a matter of fact, there are also a handful of satellites orbiting the sun and other planets.  Indeed, worldwide, the industry now spends several hundred billion dollars a year, and new companies are entering the space biz all the time, including, recently, Apple. Yet of course, all those satellites aloft don’t just belong to the U. S.  No fewer than 12 countries —  including such avowed enemies as Iran and North Korea —  have independently launched satellites.  In addition, the European Union, which numbers 28 countries, has its own robust orbital space program. So on the one hand, it’s cool that so many countries have space programs, and yet on the other hand, such space proliferation is a reminder that the U. S. hardly has space to itself anymore.  Once again, American   has been spread all over.  Once again, we face serious competition. And of those competitors, China is the most serious.  Indeed, it’s possible that China could overtake us.  The People’s Republic has announced that it hopes to get an unmanned spacecraft to Mars by 2020, and it’s reported that China hopes to send taikonauts to the moon later in that same decade —  which is to say, not long from now.  If America doesn’t get off its national fanny, we could be aced in space. Moreover, it’s also been suggested that China might team up with Russia to build a new space station of its own.  And what might the purpose of that space station be?  Would it be for peaceful science?  Or military science?  And what is the U. S. doing in the meantime?   What will be the world be like if the world knows everything we know —  or maybe even more? We’ll take up those questions in the next installment. Next: The Strategic Imperative of the High Frontier",0
12568,"WikiLeaks: Clinton Confidant Raised Money for Foundation, Got Bill Paid Gigs","Email 

An internal memo released Wednesday by WikiLeaks reveals how a longtime Clinton confidant played an ""unorthodox"" dual role – raising money for the Clinton Foundation and finding paid work for Bill Clinton, The Hill reports. 
The 12-page document written in 2011 by Doug Band of Teneo, a private consulting firm that raised millions for the foundation and also scouted out paid gigs for what was dubbed ""Bill Clinton, Inc."", the Washington Examiner reports. 
In one instance, Band secured a $540,000 donation to the Clinton Foundation from banking giant UBS. He later arranged for Bill Clinton to give three paid speeches to the firm for a total of $900,000, The Hill reported. 
But in his memo, Band argues his double duties were ""independent"" of one another; the memo was written after Chelsea Clinton criticized Band's role within the family's network of interests, The Hill reports. 
""In the unique roles in which we have had the opportunity to serve, we have been able to help balance the multiplicity of activities that demand [Bill Clinton's] time and engagement to best fulfill his personal, political, business, official former President, and Foundation/non-profit goals,"" Band writes. 
According to The Hill, Teneo's overlapping responsibilities worried some in the Clintons' inner circle, and in one email published by WikiLeaks, Chelsea Clinton raised ""serious concerns"" with Teneo's liberal use of the Clinton name to court clients. 
Band lashed out, calling the former first daughter a meddlesome ""spoiled brat"" in one hacked email released by WikiLeaks. 
""We appreciate the unorthodox nature of our roles, and the goal of seeking ways to ensure we are implementing best practices to protect the [tax exempt] status of the Foundation,"" Band wrote in his memo to justify his role and bat back criticism, The Hill reports. 
Band co-founded Teneo with former State Department employee Declan Kelly while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state – and paid Bill Clinton as an adviser through 2012, The Hill reports. 
Band's memo lists several Teneo clients that he and Kelly ""leveraged"" into major donors for the foundation, and also details the personal introductions the two principals made between the Clintons and the prospective donors, The Hill reports. 
One that Kelly ""cultivated"" was Coca-Cola CEO Muhtar Kent, which led to seven-figure donations beginning in 2009. 
In a previous hacked email to Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta, Band worried the press might catch wind of his role and misconstrue it. 
""I'm starting to worry that if this story gets out, we are screwed,"" Band wrote. 
""[Kelly] and I built a business. Our business has almost nothing to do with the Clintons, the foundation or [the Clinton Global Initiative] in any way. The chairman of UBS could care a less [sic] about CGI."" 
A week after Band sent his memo, Clinton lawyer Cheryl Mills sent a document to Podesta and Band laying out ways to unwind the former president's charitable and business interests — all of which distanced Band from the foundation. 
In December 2011, the former president resigned his position on Teneo’s advisory board, The Hill reports.",0
12569,"Staying up all night playing computer games not insomnia, teenagers told","Staying up all night playing computer games not insomnia, teenagers told 27-10-16 PLAYING Red Dead Redemption until dawn is not a recognised medical condition, doctors have confirmed. Increasing numbers of under-21s have self-diagnosed as insomniacs thanks to their reluctance to sleep while there’s zombies to be shot. Nikki Hollis, a GP, said: “I used to think I suffered from insomnia as a student, but it turns out I was just raving until 6am four nights a week. The problems went away when I stopped. “Being unable to sleep is quite different to not sleeping because you are doing fun stuff and cannot delay your gratification to a more civil hour.” Student Wayne Hayes said: “Sometimes I’m tossing and turning all night long trying to complete a dynastic alliance with Aquitaine in Crusader Kings 2 . And other times I haven’t slept a wink because I’m chasing promotion with Barnet in Football Manager . “I’ve been self-medicating with crisps and cans of Monster, which has alleviated the worst of the symptoms, but I really think I need to be signed off college for a week or two until I’ve won the Champions League .” 
Share:",0
12570,"After Aung San Suu Kyi’s First Year in Power, Dismay Swirls in Myanmar - The New York Times","MAWLAMYINE, Myanmar  —   The scene would have been unlikely a year ago. Tens of thousands of demonstrators filled the streets to protest a decision by Daw Aung San Suu Kyi’s government to name a new bridge for her father. “Recognize the will of the local ethnic people,” protesters chanted last month as they marched along the waterfront of this historic city in southern Myanmar. Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize laureate once celebrated as a champion of democracy, was insulting the Mon people, the dominant ethnic group in the area, protest leaders said, by naming the bridge for a Burmese leader infamous here for steamrollering over their rights. “This is not a democratic process,” said Min Zarni Oo, general secretary of the Mon Youth Forum. “This is a big issue for the local people. The government doesn’t value ethnic diversity. ” No one expected governing to be easy for Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi, who became the country’s de facto leader a year ago after her party won a landslide election that ended more than a   of military rule. Even so, her first year has been a disappointment to many. She made it a top priority to end the   ethnic insurgencies that have torn the country apart, but her anemic peace effort has proved fruitless so far, and fighting between government forces and ethnic groups has increased. The world has been shocked by reports that the military has carried out atrocities, including rape and murder, against the Rohingya, a Muslim minority in western Myanmar, but Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi has said little on the matter and done even less. Her government’s growing suppression of speech on the internet seems perverse for a onetime democracy icon who spent 15 years under house arrest. Among the public, patience is wearing thin. “She doesn’t have support like before,” said Zar Zar Oo, 31, a vendor selling bottled water at the Yangon train station. “We loved her so much before, but it seems like she doesn’t do enough for us. For now, we are in trouble. ” In a televised speech to the nation commemorating her first year in office, Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi struck a defensive note, acknowledging her government’s lack of progress and saying people could choose another leader if they were unhappy with her. “If you think I am not good enough for our country and our people, if someone or some organization can do better than us, we are ready to step down,” she said. Some voters apparently listened. In parliamentary   last weekend, her National League for Democracy won only nine of 19 seats. Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi, 71, cites building roads as one of her biggest accomplishments. The party spokesman Win Htein said her government had doubled spending on health care and education, though he provided no details. And the economy has continued to grow as the country emerges from isolation under military rule. But Richard Horsey, a political analyst and former United Nations official, said that the growth had slowed and that foreign investment had dipped significantly. Washington’s lifting of economic sanctions last year has yet to translate into stronger trade, investment or job creation, he said. “Aung San Suu Kyi’s administration has not offered any compelling economic vision,” he said. In Yangon, people are waiting for Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi to deliver results, said Myat Suu Mon, 28, a department store clerk. The cost of taking the   bus to work has doubled, she said, while her pay has remained the same. “Support is less than before because people’s expectations were too high,” she said. “But in reality we don’t see things changing here. ” Zaw Htay, Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi’s spokesman, acknowledged that progress had been slow but said the government faced complex problems, such as ethnic conflicts and clashes with the Rohingya, that had been years in the making. “It’s very complicated,” he said in an interview. “We are not magicians. ” Indeed, Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi faces daunting challenges. In rebuilding the country, she must overcome decades of mismanagement and profiteering by previous military governments that enriched the generals and their cronies and brought the economy to its knees. Though her party has a strong majority in Parliament, it is hamstrung by a   arrangement dictated by the   Constitution, which gives the military control of key ministries and enough seats in Parliament to block any constitutional amendment. Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi is barred by the Constitution from serving as president because her children are foreigners, a prohibition she circumvented by creating the office of state counselor for herself and declaring that the president would report to her. She also named herself foreign minister. Supporters say her ability to get along with the military is a significant accomplishment. But critics suggest she suffers from Stockholm syndrome, becoming too cozy with her former captors. Moreover, they say, her imperious approach alienates potential allies and contributes to the country’s growing crises. “She’s Mary Poppins without a sense of humor,” said David Scott Mathieson, an independent analyst. “She has a schoolmarmish way where instructions are given and obedience is observed. She takes that approach with government, and it is highly misplaced. Politics is compromise. ” She rarely takes questions from the news media or speaks out on major issues. Her office declined a request for an interview for this article. Perhaps most disheartening to many of her longtime supporters has been her record on human rights. While she released dozens of political prisoners held by the former regime and repealed laws used to suppress political dissent, she left in place a law that is increasingly used to stifle criticism of public officials. Under the telecommunications act, defaming someone online is punishable by three years in prison. Anyone can bring a case, and suspects can be held without bail while they await trial. The previous government, which adopted the law in 2013, used it only seven times. In the year since Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi took office, 47 cases have been brought, according to Maung Saungkha, who was once imprisoned under the law and now tracks its use. In one case, two media executives were jailed after posting comments on Facebook questioning why a government official was wearing an expensive watch. Five cases have been brought by supporters of Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi against people they claim defamed her, Mr. Maung said. “Without freedom of expression, there won’t be democracy,” he said. “If the government wants national reconciliation, this kind of law has to be discarded. ” Mr. Win, the party spokesman, said Parliament would amend the law in its next session. “Don’t worry about this,” he said. “We will solve this problem. ” The biggest stain on Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi’s record may be her government’s brutal treatment of the Rohingya, and her tepid response to it. In recent months, government soldiers have been accused of widespread killing and rape of Rohingya in Rakhine State. A United Nations report concluded in February that the army and police had slaughtered hundreds of men, women and children   women and girls and forced as many as 90, 000 people from their homes. The deadly crackdown, which the government says was a response to attacks on police posts by Rohingya insurgents, has been roundly criticized by human rights groups, the United Nations, Pope Francis and even 13 of Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi’s fellow Nobel laureates, who wrote a letter calling it “a human tragedy amounting to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. ” Although Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi has no direct control over the military, she has played down the reports of atrocities and stood by the military. “I don’t think there is ethnic cleansing going on,” she said in a rare interview with the BBC last week. “I think ethnic cleansing is too strong an expression to use for what is happening. ” She did appoint a commission led by Kofi Annan, the former United Nations secretary general, to examine conditions in Rakhine, but reviewing the military’s conduct was not part of its mandate. “Entire villages were razed,” said Matthew Smith, director of the group Fortify Rights. “Children were thrown into fires. Suu Kyi’s denials and failure to provide a shred of moral leadership to deal with the situation is a really damning revelation of her character. ” Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi has said her most important goal is negotiating peace with armed ethnic groups, and in August, she convened a peace conference with great fanfare to resolve the conflicts in northern Myanmar. But the meeting produced no   agreements, and analysts say there is more fighting now in that part of the country than there has been in many years. The blowback over the   in Mon State, seen here as more evidence that the government is out of touch with the concerns of ethnic minorities, should have been easier to avoid. Mr. Zaw, Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi’s spokesman, said senior party leaders had been warned that naming the bridge for her father, Gen. Aung San, would turn the population against them. They went ahead anyway, and last weekend it cost them the parliamentary seat in Chaungzon, the township across the bridge from Mawlamyine. “It was a mistake to name this bridge,” Mr. Zaw said. “It is a good lesson for N. L. D. leaders. ”",0
12571,"Voice Shaking, Michelle Obama Calls Trump Comments on Women ‘Intolerable’ - The New York Times","MANCHESTER, N. H.  —   Michelle Obama issued a deeply personal denunciation of Donald J. Trump on Thursday for his lewd comments about women, exhorting voters in scathing terms to reject his candidacy and the campaign’s increasingly vulgar tenor by backing Hillary Clinton as a matter of conscience. “This is not normal. This is not politics as usual,” Mrs. Obama said in a   speech here during which her voice at times quavered with emotion. “This is disgraceful, it is intolerable, and it doesn’t matter what party you belong to,” she added. “No woman deserves to be treated this way  —   none of us deserves this kind of abuse. ” In remarks that were among the most outspoken by a first lady in modern history, Mrs. Obama, who has mostly avoided the political limelight, positioned herself at the center of a campaign she characterized as having devolved into “madness. ” She implored voters to “stand up and say enough is enough. ” “I can’t believe that I’m saying that a candidate for president of the United States has bragged about sexually assaulting women,” the first lady told several hundred voters at a university here. “I can’t stop thinking about this  —   it has shaken me to my core,” Mrs. Obama said, reacting to the emergence last week of a recording in which Mr. Trump was heard coarsely boasting about kissing and groping women without their consent. What followed from the first lady, who has styled herself America’s “mom in chief,” was a message about empowering women to rise up against sexual abuse and harassment in every context. The speech was all the more striking because it was delivered on behalf of Mrs. Clinton, whose experience with her husband’s infidelity all but disqualifies her from speaking in similarly vivid terms. Aides said Mrs. Obama had always planned to reshape her stump speech as Election Day neared to focus more on women and the significance of electing the first female president. But when Mr. Trump’s remarks surfaced on Friday, she ripped up that speech, ultimately settling on one that was all the more biting for its intimate tone. “I feel it so personally,” Mrs. Obama said on Thursday, placing her hand against her heart for emphasis as she spoke about Mr. Trump’s treatment of women. “It’s like that sick, sinking feeling you get when you’re walking down the street minding your own business and some guy yells out vulgar words about your body, or when you see that guy at work that stands just a little too close, stares a little too long so you feel uncomfortable in your own skin. ” “I can tell you that the men in my life do not talk about women this way,” Mrs. Obama added. “To dismiss this as everyday locker room talk is an insult to decent men everywhere. ” The speech was a riveting moment in an already remarkable campaign, coming just before Mr. Trump appeared in West Palm Beach, Fla. to angrily denounce as “false smears” news reports in which several women said he had made unwanted advances on them. The New Hampshire rally was Mrs. Obama’s sixth campaign appearance for Mrs. Clinton in a month, and the first lady broke from her usual approach and did not speak about Mrs. Clinton’s qualifications for the presidency until halfway through her speech. She said the former secretary of state “embodies so many of the values that we try hard to teach our young people,” and ticked off highlights from Mrs. Clinton’s résumé, saying that any parent would be proud to raise a daughter like her. But she also sought to appeal to those unenthusiastic about Mrs. Clinton or politics itself, issuing a call to voters across the political spectrum who have been alienated by a contest dominated by outrageous statements and partisan rage. “We simply cannot endure this, or expose our children to this any longer  —   not for another minute, and let alone for four years,” Mrs. Obama said. “This has got to stop right now. ” She argued that even voters repulsed by the tone of the campaign  —   “we are drowning in it,” she said at one point  —   must consider the norms of behavior they wanted to instill in their children. “In our hearts, we all know that if we let Hillary’s opponent win this election, then we are sending a clear message to our kids that everything they’re seeing and hearing is perfectly O. K. We are validating it. We are endorsing it,” Mrs. Obama said. “We’re telling our sons that it’s O. K. to humiliate women. We’re telling our daughters that this is how they deserve to be treated. We’re telling all our kids that bigotry and bullying are perfectly acceptable in the leader of their country. ” Instead, she framed the decision to vote for Mrs. Clinton as akin to a woman’s choice to speak out in the face of sexual mistreatment or violence. “We need to recover from our shock and depression and do what women have always done in this country,” Mrs. Obama said. “We need you to roll up your sleeves. We need to get to work. ”",0
12572,Head of Veterans Health System Is Trump’s Pick to Lead Veterans Affairs - The New York Times,"In a move that left many veterans groups breathing a sigh of relief,   Donald J. Trump on Wednesday selected the current head of the nation’s sprawling veterans health care system, Dr. David J. Shulkin, an appointee of President Obama’s, to become secretary of veterans affairs. If confirmed, he will be the first secretary to lead the department who is not a veteran. While Mr. Trump’s chosen cabinet is largely made up of Washington outsiders, Dr. Shulkin, 57, is a relative insider. He has helped lead several private health care systems, including Beth Israel Medical Center in New York and the University of Pennsylvania Health System. In 2015, he was appointed under secretary for health by Mr. Obama and told to cut wait times in the troubled health care system, which includes 1, 700 hospitals and clinics that serve nearly nine million veterans. In that time, Dr. Shulkin has nearly doubled the amount of health care that veterans receive through private doctors. But he has also rejected calls for broader privatization, saying that it would cost untold billions and undermine the hospital system  —   a stance that puts him at odds with Mr. Trump. While campaigning, the   regularly criticized the department as hopelessly corrupt and incompetent, and said he would allow all veterans to choose to go to private doctors. But the selection of Dr. Shulkin may signal that Mr. Trump plans to take a more measured approach. “The Trump campaign made a big deal of what a sucking chest wound the V. A. was,” said Phillip Carter, an Iraq veteran who studies the agency for the Center for a New American Security, a research organization that focuses on the military and veterans. “Then they realized how hard it would be to turn around, and decided they needed to continue with the reforms that are already taking effect. ” Mr. Carter, who advised Hillary Clinton’s campaign on veterans issues, called Dr. Shulkin a smart choice, saying he was among a very small group with the expertise to run a large, complicated health care system. “He knows the V. A. but he is not of the V. A.,” Mr. Carter said. “He comes from the private sector and knows how to blend private and public care. ” Mr. Trump praised Dr. Shulkin on Wednesday, saying in a statement, “I have no doubt Dr. Shulkin will be able to lead the turnaround. ” The pick came after weeks of scrambling by the Trump transition team, which the   said had considered “at least 100” candidates to lead the troubled agency. Names under consideration included former   candidate Sarah Palin and former Senator Scott Brown of Massachusetts, as well as a few generals and admirals. Three weeks ago, the team settled on Toby Cosgrove, the chief executive of the Cleveland Clinic and a former Air Force surgeon, but he turned down the offer, according to a person close to the transition team who was not authorized to speak publicly. That left the team divided. Some favored one of the few remaining candidates, Pete Hegseth, an Iraq veteran and Fox News commentator. But others saw him as too extreme because for years he ran Concerned Veterans for America, a small advocacy group financed by the Koch brothers’ network that seeks to discredit and privatize the veterans health care system. Many veterans groups vigorously opposed Mr. Hegseth, leaving the transition team with no obvious alternative. So, although Mr. Trump had vilified the department’s leadership for months on the campaign trail, he ended up picking one of its top officials. The news, announced by Mr. Trump at a news conference on Wednesday, left many veterans groups bewildered but pleased. “This is a very surprising pick, but he is the best out of all the candidates,” Paul Rieckhoff, the executive director of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, said of Dr. Shulkin. The group’s membership would have preferred a veteran, Mr. Rieckhoff said, but added that Dr. Shulkin was well respected. “We know him, we trust him and we can work with him,” he said. Dr. Shulkin will inherit a thicket of challenges in the aging and overburdened veterans health care system. Its hospitals often do not pay enough to attract new staff members, even as demand rises. Waits for appointments have not fallen since a scandal over the delays in 2014 prompted Eric Shinseki to resign as secretary. The department’s computerized records system is obsolete and unable to communicate with outside doctors. And though its buildings are on average more than 50 years old, closing underused centers is often politically impossible. “The system is changing for the better, but the transformation could take many years, and it will be difficult,” said Nancy Schlichting, who retired recently as chief executive of the Henry Ford Health System and was chairwoman of a commission that studied overhauling the system. “Someone new coming in could take a year just to understand the issues,” she said. “Someone like David Shulkin really provides continuity that can get reforms moving forward. ”",0
12573,Report: Trans Jenner to Attend Donald Trump’s Inauguration,"Gold medal Olympian turned reality TV star Caitlyn Jenner, formerly known as Bruce Jenner, has reportedly accepted an invitation to attend Donald Trump’s inauguration. [Jenner, who previously praised Trump during a contentious election campaign, will be among the many   figures to travel to Washington, D. C. for the January 20 event, UsWeekly reports.  A   lifelong conservative, Jenner came out in support of   presidential candidate Senator Ted Cruz in March, and even offered to serve as Cruz’s “Trans Ambassador. ” That same month, Jenner was seen on an episode of reality TV series I Am Cait calling Hillary Clinton a “f*cking liar” and a “political hack. ” “I would never ever ever vote for Hillary,” Jenner said during the episode. “We’re done, if Hillary becomes president  —   the country is over. ” A few months later, Jenner was praising Trump as possibly being “better” on women’s issues than Clinton. “Everybody looks at the Democrats as being better with these issues. But Trump seems to be very much for women,” Jenner told the health magazine. Jenner shocked Hollywood and the world in June 2015 with a Vanity Fair magazine spread that featured the first photographs taken following the former Olympian’s gender reassignment surgery. In a speech at the University of Pennsylvania in February, Jenner said that being transgender in Hollywood is easier than being a conservative Republican. Jenner later legally changed his name to Caitlyn Marie.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
12574,Donald Trump Jousts With a Crying Baby at His Rally - The New York Times,"ASHBURN, Va.  —   Silent protesters. A group in AARP shirts. A crying baby. They all ended up having to leave Donald J. Trump’s rally in Virginia on Tuesday, for various reasons. The silent protesters were escorted out by staff members midway through his speech, and they went silently, with peace signs over their heads. The   group left in a similar fashion. But the crying baby was initially welcome in the event, or so the crowd was led to believe. “Don’t worry about that baby. I love babies,” Mr. Trump said. “I hear that baby crying, I like it. What a baby, what a beautiful baby. Don’t worry, don’t worry. ” But the platitudes did nothing to comfort the infant, whose persistent wails seemed to be getting on the candidate’s nerves. “Actually, I was only kidding. You can get that baby out of here,” Mr. Trump said a few beats later with a slight smirk as laughs and a few gasps escaped from the crowd. “Don’t worry, I think she really believed me that I love having a baby crying while I’m speaking. That’s O. K. People don’t understand. That’s O. K. ” Later in the rally, another baby cried, daring a rebuke from the candidate. But eventually the child calmed down. Senator Tim Kaine, the Democratic   nominee, was swift to pick up on Mr. Trump’s baby episode, taking a jab at him as he brought up the issue of prekindergarten at a rally in Daytona Beach, Fla. on Tuesday. “I saw that Donald Trump kicked a crying baby out of an event earlier today,” Mr. Kaine said, “so as I’m thinking about   sometimes you wonder who the baby is. ”",0
12575,10 Injured During White Nationalist Protest in Sacramento - The New York Times,"A rally by a white nationalist group at California’s State Capitol in Sacramento became violent on Sunday when protesters clashed with the group, leaving at least 10 people hurt, two of them critically, fire officials said. Videos posted on Twitter showed members of the nationalist group, the Traditionalist Worker Party, which had obtained a permit to demonstrate, brawling on the Capitol grounds with protesters who were dressed in black and concealed by face coverings. It was unclear whether the protesters were affiliated with any organization. Chris Harvey, a Fire Department spokesman, described them as “  anarchist types. ” “It was a very chaotic situation,” he said. “All we could do was just grab, load and go. ” The two critically injured people were expected to survive, fire officials told The Associated Press. At least eight others were reported to have suffered various cuts, bruises and stab wounds. The two groups began fighting shortly before noon on Sunday, just as the rally had been scheduled to begin, Mr. Harvey said. Local news reports indicated that the nationalists were heavily outnumbered. In videos published online, people could be seen punching, kicking and swinging sticks at one another amid screams of “racists” and “Nazis. ” At one point, police officers in riot gear intervened as several people kicked a person on the ground. At another, people dressed in black became physically confrontational with a news crew, ordering it to leave. The Capitol grounds cover several blocks in downtown Sacramento. The Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks hate groups, said the Traditionalist Worker Party was formed last year as the political wing of the Traditionalist Youth Network, a group that it said aims to lure young people to white nationalism. In a post announcing the rally on the Traditionalist Youth Network website, the group said it expected to be confronted, and outnumbered, by protesters, but said it planned to go to draw attention to “the precarious situation our race is in. ” News media reports, citing a spokesman for the California Highway Patrol, said that about 30 members of the Traditionalist Worker Party had gathered at the Capitol for Sunday’s rally and that they were confronted by about 400 protesters. Law enforcement officers, some on horseback, broke up the melee as others helped tend to the injured until medical personnel arrived. For several hours after the violence broke out, the Capitol was on lockdown as the police restored order to the area.",0
12576,WikiLeaks - The Podesta Emails,"How to contact WikiLeaks? What is Tor? Tips for Sources After Submitting 
This key's fingerprint is A04C 5E09 ED02 B328 03EB 6116 93ED 732E 9231 8DBA BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK mQQNBFUoCGgBIADFLp+QonWyK8L6SPsNrnhwgfCxCk6OUHRIHReAsgAUXegpfg0b rsoHbeI5W9s5to/MUGwULHj59M6AvT+DS5rmrThgrND8Dt0dO+XW88bmTXHsFg9K jgf1wUpTLq73iWnSBo1m1Z14BmvkROG6M7+vQneCXBFOyFZxWdUSQ15vdzjr4yPR oMZjxCIFxe+QL+pNpkXd/St2b6UxiKB9HT9CXaezXrjbRgIzCeV6a5TFfcnhncpO ve59rGK3/az7cmjd6cOFo1Iw0J63TGBxDmDTZ0H3ecQvwDnzQSbgepiqbx4VoNmH OxpInVNv3AAluIJqN7RbPeWrkohh3EQ1j+lnYGMhBktX0gAyyYSrkAEKmaP6Kk4j /ZNkniw5iqMBY+v/yKW4LCmtLfe32kYs5OdreUpSv5zWvgL9sZ+4962YNKtnaBK3 1hztlJ+xwhqalOCeUYgc0Clbkw+sgqFVnmw5lP4/fQNGxqCO7Tdy6pswmBZlOkmH XXfti6hasVCjT1MhemI7KwOmz/KzZqRlzgg5ibCzftt2GBcV3a1+i357YB5/3wXE j0vkd+SzFioqdq5Ppr+//IK3WX0jzWS3N5Lxw31q8fqfWZyKJPFbAvHlJ5ez7wKA 1iS9krDfnysv0BUHf8elizydmsrPWN944Flw1tOFjW46j4uAxSbRBp284wiFmV8N TeQjBI8Ku8NtRDleriV3djATCg2SSNsDhNxSlOnPTM5U1bmh+Ehk8eHE3hgn9lRp 2kkpwafD9pXaqNWJMpD4Amk60L3N+yUrbFWERwncrk3DpGmdzge/tl/UBldPoOeK p3shjXMdpSIqlwlB47Xdml3Cd8HkUz8r05xqJ4DutzT00ouP49W4jqjWU9bTuM48 LRhrOpjvp5uPu0aIyt4BZgpce5QGLwXONTRX+bsTyEFEN3EO6XLeLFJb2jhddj7O DmluDPN9aj639E4vjGZ90Vpz4HpN7JULSzsnk+ZkEf2XnliRody3SwqyREjrEBui 9ktbd0hAeahKuwia0zHyo5+1BjXt3UHiM5fQN93GB0hkXaKUarZ99d7XciTzFtye /MWToGTYJq9bM/qWAGO1RmYgNr+gSF/fQBzHeSbRN5tbJKz6oG4NuGCRJGB2aeXW TIp/VdouS5I9jFLapzaQUvtdmpaeslIos7gY6TZxWO06Q7AaINgr+SBUvvrff/Nl l2PRPYYye35MDs0b+mI5IXpjUuBC+s59gI6YlPqOHXkKFNbI3VxuYB0VJJIrGqIu Fv2CXwy5HvR3eIOZ2jLAfsHmTEJhriPJ1sUG0qlfNOQGMIGw9jSiy/iQde1u3ZoF so7sXlmBLck9zRMEWRJoI/mgCDEpWqLX7hTTABEBAAG0x1dpa2lMZWFrcyBFZGl0 b3JpYWwgT2ZmaWNlIEhpZ2ggU2VjdXJpdHkgQ29tbXVuaWNhdGlvbiBLZXkgKFlv dSBjYW4gY29udGFjdCBXaWtpTGVha3MgYXQgaHR0cDovL3dsY2hhdGMzcGp3cGxp NXIub25pb24gYW5kIGh0dHBzOi8vd2lraWxlYWtzLm9yZy90YWxrKSA8Y29udGFj dC11cy11c2luZy1vdXItY2hhdC1zeXN0ZW1Ad2lraWxlYWtzLm9yZz6JBD0EEwEK ACcCGwMFCwkIBwMFFQoJCAsFFgIDAQACHgECF4AFAlb6cdIFCQOznOoACgkQk+1z LpIxjbrlqh/7B2yBrryWhQMGFj+xr9TIj32vgUIMohq94XYqAjOnYdEGhb5u5B5p BNowcqdFB1SOEvX7MhxGAqYocMT7zz2AkG3kpf9f7gOAG7qA1sRiB+R7mZtUr9Kv fQSsRFPb6RNzqqB9I9wPNGhBh1YWusUPluLINwbjTMnHXeL96HgdLT+fIBa8ROmn 0fjJVoWYHG8QtsKiZ+lo2m/J4HyuJanAYPgL6isSu/1bBSwhEIehlQIfXZuS3j35 12SsO1Zj2BBdgUIrADdMAMLneTs7oc1/PwxWYQ4OTdkay2deg1g/N6YqM2N7rn1W 7A6tmuH7dfMlhcqw8bf5veyag3RpKHGcm7utDB6k/bMBDMnKazUnM2VQoi1mutHj kTCWn/vF1RVz3XbcPH94gbKxcuBi8cjXmSWNZxEBsbirj/CNmsM32Ikm+WIhBvi3 1mWvcArC3JSUon8RRXype4ESpwEQZd6zsrbhgH4UqF56pcFT2ubnqKu4wtgOECsw K0dHyNEiOM1lL919wWDXH9tuQXWTzGsUznktw0cJbBVY1dGxVtGZJDPqEGatvmiR o+UmLKWyxTScBm5o3zRm3iyU10d4gka0dxsSQMl1BRD3G6b+NvnBEsV/+KCjxqLU vhDNup1AsJ1OhyqPydj5uyiWZCxlXWQPk4p5WWrGZdBDduxiZ2FTj17hu8S4a5A4 lpTSoZ/nVjUUl7EfvhQCd5G0hneryhwqclVfAhg0xqUUi2nHWg19npPkwZM7Me/3 +ey7svRUqxVTKbXffSOkJTMLUWqZWc087hL98X5rfi1E6CpBO0zmHeJgZva+PEQ/ ZKKi8oTzHZ8NNlf1qOfGAPitaEn/HpKGBsDBtE2te8PF1v8LBCea/d5+Umh0GELh 5eTq4j3eJPQrTN1znyzpBYkR19/D/Jr5j4Vuow5wEE28JJX1TPi6VBMevx1oHBuG qsvHNuaDdZ4F6IJTm1ZYBVWQhLbcTginCtv1sadct4Hmx6hklAwQN6VVa7GLOvnY RYfPR2QA3fGJSUOg8xq9HqVDvmQtmP02p2XklGOyvvfQxCKhLqKi0hV9xYUyu5dk 2L/A8gzA0+GIN+IYPMsf3G7aDu0qgGpi5Cy9xYdJWWW0DA5JRJc4/FBSN7xBNsW4 eOMxl8PITUs9GhOcc68Pvwyv4vvTZObpUjZANLquk7t8joky4Tyog29KYSdhQhne oVODrdhTqTPn7rjvnwGyjLInV2g3pKw/Vsrd6xKogmE8XOeR8Oqk6nun+Y588Nsj XddctWndZ32dvkjrouUAC9z2t6VE36LSyYJUZcC2nTg6Uir+KUTs/9RHfrvFsdI7 iMucdGjHYlKc4+YwTdMivI1NPUKo/5lnCbkEDQRVKAhoASAAvnuOR+xLqgQ6KSOO RTkhMTYCiHbEsPmrTfNA9VIip+3OIzByNYtfFvOWY2zBh3H2pgf+2CCrWw3WqeaY wAp9zQb//rEmhwJwtkW/KXDQr1k95D5gzPeCK9R0yMPfjDI5nLeSvj00nFF+gjPo Y9Qb10jp/Llqy1z35Ub9ZXuA8ML9nidkE26KjG8FvWIzW8zTTYA5Ezc7U+8HqGZH VsK5KjIO2GOnJiMIly9MdhawS2IXhHTV54FhvZPKdyZUQTxkwH2/8QbBIBv0OnFY 3w75Pamy52nAzI7uOPOU12QIwVj4raLC+DIOhy7bYf9pEJfRtKoor0RyLnYZTT3N 0H4AT2YeTra17uxeTnI02lS2Jeg0mtY45jRCU7MrZsrpcbQ464I+F411+AxI3NG3 cFNJOJO2HUMTa+2PLWa3cERYM6ByP60362co7cpZoCHyhSvGppZyH0qeX+BU1oyn 5XhT+m7hA4zupWAdeKbOaLPdzMu2Jp1/QVao5GQ8kdSt0n5fqrRopO1WJ/S1eoz+ Ydy3dCEYK+2zKsZ3XeSC7MMpGrzanh4pk1DLr/NMsM5L5eeVsAIBlaJGs75Mp+kr ClQL/oxiD4XhmJ7MlZ9+5d/o8maV2K2pelDcfcW58tHm3rHwhmNDxh+0t5++i30y BIa3gYHtZrVZ3yFstp2Ao8FtXe/1ALvwE4BRalkh+ZavIFcqRpiF+YvNZ0JJF52V rwL1gsSGPsUY6vsVzhpEnoA+cJGzxlor5uQQmEoZmfxgoXKfRC69si0ReoFtfWYK 8Wu9sVQZW1dU6PgBB30X/b0Sw8hEzS0cpymyBXy8g+itdi0NicEeWHFKEsXa+HT7 mjQrMS7c84Hzx7ZOH6TpX2hkdl8Nc4vrjF4iff1+sUXj8xDqedrg29TseHCtnCVF kfRBvdH2CKAkbgi9Xiv4RqAP9vjOtdYnj7CIG9uccek/iu/bCt1y/MyoMU3tqmSJ c8QeA1L+HENQ/HsiErFGug+Q4Q1SuakHSHqBLS4TKuC+KO7tSwXwHFlFp47GicHe rnM4v4rdgKic0Z6lR3QpwoT9KwzOoyzyNlnM9wwnalCLwPcGKpjVPFg1t6F+eQUw WVewkizhF1sZBbED5O/+tgwPaD26KCNuofdVM+oIzVPOqQXWbaCXisNYXoktH3Tb 0X/DjsIeN4TVruxKGy5QXrvo969AQNx8Yb82BWvSYhJaXX4bhbK0pBIT9fq08d5R IiaN7/nFU3vavXa+ouesiD0cnXSFVIRiPETCKl45VM+f3rRHtNmfdWVodyXJ1O6T ZjQTB9ILcfcb6XkvH+liuUIppINu5P6i2CqzRLAvbHGunjvKLGLfvIlvMH1mDqxp VGvNPwARAQABiQQlBBgBCgAPAhsMBQJW+nHeBQkDs5z2AAoJEJPtcy6SMY26Qtgf /0tXRbwVOBzZ4fI5NKSW6k5A6cXzbB3JUxTHMDIZ93CbY8GvRqiYpzhaJVjNt2+9 zFHBHSfdbZBRKX8N9h1+ihxByvHncrTwiQ9zFi0FsrJYk9z/F+iwmqedyLyxhIEm SHtWiPg6AdUM5pLu8GR7tRHagz8eGiwVar8pZo82xhowIjpiQr0Bc2mIAusRs+9L jc+gjwjbhYIg2r2r9BUBGuERU1A0IB5Fx+IomRtcfVcL/JXSmXqXnO8+/aPwpBuk bw8sAivSbBlEu87P9OovsuEKxh/PJ65duQNjC+2YxlVcF03QFlFLGzZFN7Fcv5JW lYNeCOOz9NP9TTsR2EAZnacNk75/FYwJSJnSblCBre9xVA9pI5hxb4zu7CxRXuWc QJs8Qrvdo9k4Jilx5U9X0dsiNH2swsTM6T1gyVKKQhf5XVCS4bPWYagXcfD9/xZE eAhkFcAuJ9xz6XacT9j1pw50MEwZbwDneV93TqvHmgmSIFZow1aU5ACp+N/ksT6E 1wrWsaIJjsOHK5RZj/8/2HiBftjXscmL3K8k6MbDI8P9zvcMJSXbPpcYrffw9A6t ka9skmLKKFCcsNJ0coLLB+mw9DVQGc2dPWPhPgtYZLwG5tInS2bkdv67qJ4lYsRM jRCW5xzlUZYk6SWD4KKbBQoHbNO0Au8Pe/N1SpYYtpdhFht9fGmtEHNOGPXYgNLq VTLgRFk44Dr4hJj5I1+d0BLjVkf6U8b2bN5PcOnVH4Mb+xaGQjqqufAMD/IFO4Ro TjwKiw49pJYUiZbw9UGaV3wmg+fue9To1VKxGJuLIGhRXhw6ujGnk/CktIkidRd3 5pAoY5L4ISnZD8Z0mnGlWOgLmQ3IgNjAyUzVJRhDB5rVQeC6qX4r4E1xjYMJSxdz Aqrk25Y//eAkdkeiTWqbXDMkdQtig2rY+v8GGeV0v09NKiT+6extebxTaWH4hAgU FR6yq6FHs8mSEKC6Cw6lqKxOn6pwqVuXmR4wzpqCoaajQVz1hOgD+8QuuKVCcTb1 4IXXpeQBc3EHfXJx2BWbUpyCgBOMtvtjDhLtv5p+4XN55GqY+ocYgAhNMSK34AYD AhqQTpgHAX0nZ2SpxfLr/LDN24kXCmnFipqgtE6tstKNiKwAZdQBzJJlyYVpSk93 6HrYTZiBDJk4jDBh6jAx+IZCiv0rLXBM6QxQWBzbc2AxDDBqNbea2toBSww8HvHf hQV/G86Zis/rDOSqLT7e794ezD9RYPv55525zeCk3IKauaW5+WqbKlwosAPIMW2S kFODIRd5oMI51eof+ElmB5V5T9lw0CHdltSM/hmYmp/5YotSyHUmk91GDFgkOFUc J3x7gtxUMkTadELqwY6hrU8= =BLTH",0
12577,"Carrie Fisher, Trump, Israel: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. It was a remarkable moment in the   relationship, and for Secretary of State John Kerry. With 23 days left in office, Mr. Kerry dropped diplomatic niceties and harshly criticized Israel over settlements, arguing that they imperil the   solution. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is blaming the United States for orchestrating last week’s Security Council resolution condemning the settlements. The United States denies doing so. Mr. Kerry appears to have concluded there is nothing left to lose, and he spoke knowing the new administration may well abandon   American negotiating positions. _____ 2. Nearly 200 Homeland Security employees and contractors have accepted almost $15 million in bribes to let immigrants and drugs into the country over the last decade. That was our finding after a review of thousands of court records and internal agency documents. The employees sold green cards, gave sensitive information to drug cartels and looked the other way as drugs and people crossed the border. _____ 3. Women who took fish oil during the last three months of pregnancy significantly lowered the risk that their children would develop asthma, a new study found. But the researchers say the study should be replicated before doctors recommend that pregnant women routinely take fish oil. Doctors are eager to find ways to prevent the chronic disease, which is on the rise in developed countries. _____ 4. A wild Christmas Party at a beach in Sydney, Australia, drew more than 10, 000 people who left behind 16 tons of trash. The huge mess prompted officials to ban alcohol at the beach for the remainder of the Australian summer. “By late evening, it got so bad that we let the shark alarm off three times to try to get the swimmers out of the water,” said a community patrolman. “They were all intoxicated. ” _____ 5. Each December, predictions of next year’s hottest food items barrel forth. We’re hearing jackfruit, sorghum and harissa are about to have their moment. And don’t ignore horseradish, spirulina and   breakfasts. Here’s a look at food trends over the last 20 years (remember bubble tea? So 2002) and a deeper exploration of the dark and often dubious work of   forecasting. _____ 6.   Donald Trump’s promise to impose high tariffs on American companies that manufacture goods abroad could take aim at his own brand, and his daughter’s as well. Much of the Ivanka Trump apparel on sale at Saks Off Fifth in New York on a recent visit was made in Indonesia, Vietnam or China. And at Trump Tower, a cap made in Bangladesh was on sale for $35. _____ 7. Tributes continue to pour in for Carrie Fisher, who played Princess Leia in “Star Wars. ” She died Tuesday at age 60. Our film critic remembers Ms. Fisher for changing a popular understanding of female heroism, calling her the “foremother of Hermione Granger and Katniss Everdeen and of countless   Disney princesses. ” And many fans remembered Ms. Fisher, who was candid about her struggles with bipolar disorder, by speaking out on Twitter about their experiences with mental illness. _____ 8. Fentanyl has surpassed heroin to become the deadliest drug on Long Island, where the number of fatalities are part of a national pattern. The synthetic opioid is often prescribed to cancer patients and can be 100 times more potent than morphine. “It’s essentially the serial killer of drugs,” said one addiction counselor. _____ 9. Among our   articles today: The Marine Corps taught one recruit how to kill, but not how to come home. Our deep dive looks at the case of a young marksman who landed in prison after he returned from Afghanistan. He was so drunk, he didn’t remember the violent act that landed him there. His lawyers’ strategy of using PTSD and alcoholism as a defense initially failed. _____ 10. Finally, a proposal for a new kind of New Year’s resolution. Our tech experts say you should be focusing on a different kind of fitness in 2017: your tech fitness. Are your passwords outdated? Or worse, are your devices not  ? Where are you storing old devices? Are your batteries optimized? The time is now to clean up and cast out  —   in an environmentally friendly manner, of course. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
12578,Jeffrey Sewell et al. : Metabiology face to face with Artificial Intelligence [VIDEO],"Randy Maugans & Jeffrey Sewell | Metabiology face to face with Artificial Intelligence Published on Sep 20, 2016 We are speaking on a subject that is vital for humanity to comprehend, AI or artificial intelligence, our objective is to further disclose how this is influencing humanity in subtle and not so subtle ways, for without knowledge of its existence or comprehension of its prevalence humanity is easily being led into more sophisticated technological control mechanisms. 
Jeffrey Sewell has spent many years in deep study of biology, in the process he introduces us to Metabiology, the tenants are simple, ‘As above, so below’ holds true from the nucleus of a cell to the furthest reaches of distant galaxies, life begets life. And it does so in a miraculous pattern that is reflected from the cosmos to the super organism, our Earth and to each of us in our divine vessel, the human body. From his website: http://cytocosmos.com 
“Metabiology is a study of the invisible systems of life spanning from the subatomic to the celestial. […] By using cell biology as a template, we are able to map elements within the cell to elements of unseen systems. The latter elements are obtained by cross referencing multiple sources of material from the OBE/LBL/NDE experiencer community. These so-called astral systems map quite nicely to systems in the cell, and they tell the same narrative, albeit the complexity and sophistication of cellular earth is many times that of the cell. 
Much of the understandings derived from such mappings are echoed in the deeper cosmologies and teachings of the ancient world religions. Examples include; Sumerian, Egyptian, Kabbalah, Gnostic, Kashmir Shivaism, and Vedanta. Jungian Psychology has also proven to be useful in mapping out the cellular psyche. 
This is the science of “as above, so below” in a very literal sense. The invisible is inner visible within the generalized cell itself. We can therefore grasp and ground the unseen systems of life by mapping them to the empirical biology of the cell. The implications of what this science has to offer reach all the way from psychology to cosmology and particle physics. 
The primary tenet of Metabiology is that we have inherited biology from systems of life that exist both above and before us. Should it be surprising? After all, we are children of the living universe. The Cytocosmos is a multidimensional living fractal, a cellular holarchy that has hitherto been called the universe.” 
Randy Maugans is the beloved radio show host of ‘Offplanet Radio’ http://radio.offplanetmedia.net/ Who doesn’t pull his punches speaking his truth. His many years in the medium of the the alternative media and on the internet has given him an ample arena to study the affects of the infiltration of AI and its interface with human consciousness. 
claudia and christine co-founded “Earth Empaths” and this YouTube channel “Not In Our Name.”… The truth no matter where it leads us. 
http://earthempaths.net 
“Listen to your inner voice. Don’t listen to the superficial voice that makes you angry. Listen to that deeper voice that is going to guide you from now on, the voice that is laughing. Listen to it! And laugh with it. Laugh! Laugh!”– Don Juan Matus Share:",0
12579,What You Should Watch: ‘The Profit’ and ‘Gomorrah’ - The New York Times,"Welcome to Watching, The New York Times’s    guide. We comb through releases big and small to email readers twice a week with our timely recommendations. You can browse previous guides here, and to receive recommendations straight to your inbox, sign up here. Stay tuned for our coming website. Dear Watchers, Toss the confetti, pop the champagne, put on the nice sweatpants: We’re in for a great TV week. New shows, returning favorites, a bird documentary  —   heaven is a place on earth. And that place is within our televisions (and computers and tablets and whatnots). If you find yourself in need of some TV guidance, I’d love to answer your questions, or settle your disputes. I am, as I ever was, and ever shall be: watching@nytimes. com. And a “1776” fan. Happy watching! Watch “Gomorrah,” Wednesday, 10 p. m. SundanceTV. First came Roberto Saviano’s 2007 nonfiction book about Neapolitan organized crime. Then came the 2009 movie. Now there’s this   Italian 2014   airing weekly in   chunks. If you’re looking for romantic, sweeping Italian vistas, try “The Wine Show. ” “Gomorrah” is violent and bleak, almost suffocating. There are some familiar   beats here, but the cinematography alone is worth tuning in for. Watch “Halt and Catch Fire,” Season 3 premiere, Tuesday, 9 p. m. AMC.  The new season of this   drama transplants the show to Silicon Valley from Texas  —   sort of a bummer, unless you are dying for another show about how people in California are just a little different from the rest of us. Thank god enough of the show’s emotional core  —   Donna, mostly  —   is still intact. This   premiere highlights the strengths and shortcomings of “Halt. ” (The first episode is available now on AMC.) “Mad Men” is superficially about advertising, but more deeply it’s about constructing identity. “The Americans” includes tales of espionage, but foundationally is about defining truth. When it’s its best, “Halt” is about the need for human bonds, and how that need will override all other behaviors. Too often, though, it’s just about how computers and the internet worked (or didn’t) in the ’80s. Watch “The Profit,” Tuesday, 10 p. m. CNBC (Previous episodes are on Hulu). The entrepreneur Marcus Lemonis travels the country and invests his own money in struggling small businesses, on the condition that he be “100 percent in charge. ” If you like shows like “Tabatha’s Salon Takeover” or “Kitchen Nightmares,” but wish they were more supportive and had better   messages, “The Profit” is for you. Lemonis is calm and direct, and he doesn’t yell at anyone or look to humiliate people anyone who comes across poorly does so on their own. This week’s Season 4 premiere is another   venture (the show has included several such businesses) but more important, Lemonis seems to have retired his Hermès belt. Watch “Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders: Making the Team,” Thursday, 9 p. m. CMT. Warning: The season premieres of “Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders” tend to be the worst episode of the season. The early auditions include too many aspiring cheerleaders who clearly have no chance of making the team, and too many randos weighing in. (Being married to a football player does not make you an expert in dancing.) But once the show   into gear, it’s one of the most absorbing, brutal   reality shows going. The level of drive and athleticism on display is staggering, and if you’ve ever wondered just how extrinsic one’s image can be, this is the show for you. Everything is up for scrutiny: Are her eyes just too intense? Is that smile a little forced? Do her breasts seem natural enough? Hair: too severe? Every inch of the women’s bodies is critiqued candidly and often, which can be galling, but it’s almost refreshing to hear these narrow constraints articulated so openly. Watch “Toucan Nation,” Wednesday, 10 p. m. Animal Planet. Warning: This doc contains very sad footage of an abused toucan. But Grecia survives! And inspires the nation of Costa Rica! Viva Grecia and his new beak. On Monday at 8 p. m. ESPN2 has “Pin Kings”  —   wrestling, not bowling, alas. It’s the true story of high school wrestling teammates whose lives took different paths: One became a D. E. A. agent, one a cocaine kingpin. On Tuesday at 10 p. m. the tattoo contest show “Ink Master” returns to SpikeTV. And Thursday at 8 p. m. on Logo, it’s the premiere of the new season of “RuPaul’s All Stars Drag Race. ” Get swept up in the drama and passion of the dancers María Nieves Rego and Juan Carlos Copes in the recent Argentine documentary “Our Last Tango. ” Once a renowned couple from the Buenos Aires tango scene, the two split professionally after their marriage fell apart. Now the veteran dancers reflect on their life’s work and tumultuous   relationship before a   reunion. “Our Last Tango” goes a step further than the standard memoir doc, creatively reinterpreting moments from Rego’s childhood and her relationship with Copes into stylish modern and tango dance numbers. Between the couple’s colorful anecdotes and impressive choreography, the movie makes it easy to get caught up in its bittersweet story. (Watch on Netflix)  —   Monica Castillo",0
12580,Iraqi Christians Return to Charred Churches Captured from ISIS,"Iraqi Christians Return to Charred Churches Captured from ISIS October 31, 2016 Iraqi Christians Return to Charred Churches Captured from ISIS 
(QARAQOSH, Iraq) Surrounded by charred walls and in front of a ruined altar, dozens of Iraqi Christians celebrated mass at the Church of the Immaculate Conception in Qaraqosh on Sunday for the first time since it was recaptured from Islamic State. Church bells rang out in the town on the southeastern approaches to Mosul where Iraqi troops, backed by U.S.-led air and ground forces, have been driving back the Sunni Muslim jihadists ahead of a battle for the city itself. ""Today Qaraqosh is free of Daesh (Islamic State),"" Syriac Catholic Archbishop of Mosul Butrus Moshe told worshippers. Islamic State has targeted the adherents and religious sites of minority communities in both Iraq and Syria. When it seized control of Mosul two years ago it issued an ultimatum to Christians: pay a tax, convert to Islam, or die by the sword. 
READ MORE: ANCIENT NINEVAH CHRISTIANS FEAR ISIS IN RETURN HOME 
Most abandoned their homes and fled toward the autonomous Kurdish region, abandoning one of Christianity's earliest centers. 
""Our role today is to remove all the remnants of Daesh,"" the archbishop said. ""This includes erasing sedition, separation and conflicts, which victimized us,"" said the archbishop, who was born in Qaraqosh. 
""Political and sectarian strife, separating between one man and another, between ruler and follower, these mentalities must be changed,” he said. 
Christianity in northern Iraq dates back to the first century AD. The number of Christians fell sharply during the violence which followed the 2003 overthrow of Saddam Hussein, and the Islamic State takeover of Mosul two years ago purged the city of Christians for the first time in two millennia. 
It was from a Mosul mosque that Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi declared a ""caliphate"" in 2014, spanning northern Iraq and eastern Syria. The recapture of the city would mark the effective defeat of the Iraqi wing of that domain. 
Reuters contribution by Mahdi Talat ; Writing by Bushra Shakshir and Stephen Kalin; Editing by Dominic Evans) Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",0
12581,Kremlin Makes Dubious Claim It Killed Islamic State Chief al-Baghdadi - Breitbart,"Russia may have executed the ruthless and elusive leader of the Islamic State ( ) terrorist group Abu Bakr   in Syria back in May, the Kremlin’s military claimed in a far from definitive statement. [“A May 28 airstrike on a suburban Raqqa, Syria, command post killed as up to 30 leaders and 300 troops in the militant group also identified as Daesh, ISIS, and ISIL. Reclusive leader Abu Bakr   was present ‘and was eliminated in the strike,’” the ministry said, reports United Press International (UPI).  “According to information, which we are checking through various channels, at the meeting was also present the leader of ISIS who as a result of the strike was destroyed. The American side was informed about the time and place of the Russian aviation through the channels of cooperation,” the Russian ministry declared in its statement, according to ABC News. Nevertheless, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, only hours after the defense ministry’s claim surfaced, said he does not have “100 percent confirmation” that Baghdadi has died. There have been multiple reports erroneously claiming Baghdadi has been wounded and even killed, but the Kremlin’s military statement marks the first time Russia acknowledged it might have executed the war criminal. Prior to the recent allegations by the Russian military that the ISIS chief may be dead, “unconfirmed news claimed that Baghdadi, whose exact whereabouts remained unknown for long, had been seriously wounded when airstrikes targeted a senior leadership meeting he chaired near the borders with Syria,” noted Iraqi News. Moreover, the West and Iraq are skeptical about Moscow’s claim that it has taken out Baghdadi, points out Reuters. “We can’t confirm these reports at this time,” said Col. Ryan Dillon, the spokesman for the   U. S.  coalition, which maintains communications with Russia. “We have no information to corroborate those reports,” reiterated U. S. Navy Captain Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman. “His death has been reported so often that you have to be cautious till a formal Daesh [ISIS] statement comes,” an unnamed European security official told Reuters. Pentagon officials say there are no indications of any “chatter” within the ranks of ISIS that Baghdadi has been killed or wounded, revealed Ret. Marine Col. Steve Ganyard who once served as a former deputy assistant secretary of state, according to ABC News. “There’s nothing to back it up, no intelligence to back it up. So we need to remain very, very suspect of this claim,” added the retired Marine. The Russians claimed that they killed the ISIS chief on the outskirts of Raqqa, the jihadist group’s de facto capital of Syria. Raqqa is under siege by dictator Bashar  ’s Syrian military, supported by Russian airpower and   Shiite militias, including the   group Hezbollah, as well as the U. S. armed forces and their allies. That makes it difficult to know for certain whether the world’s most wanted terrorist has in fact fallen. “Raqqa is a city under siege, so the Russians have no hard evidence. There’s no DNA evidence that would suggest that he’s dead,” noted Col. Ganyard. However, Baghdadi this year reportedly disseminated a “farewell speech” to his subordinates, followers, and sympathizers in Mosul, ISIS’s last major stronghold in Iraq where U.  locals are believed to be close to victory  —   pushing the terrorist group out. Echoing the commander of Iraq’s Federal Police, Baghdadi admitted defeat in Mosul and revealed that   ISIS officers, apparently including him, had fled to Syria. The speech directed its combatants to “‘disguise and escape’ to the mountainous areas” of Iraq and Syria, reported     News. Prior to the recent allegations by the Russian military that the ISIS chief may be dead, “unconfirmed news claimed that Baghdadi, whose exact whereabouts remained unknown for long, had been seriously wounded when airstrikes targeted a senior leadership meeting he chaired near the borders with Syria,” notes Iraqi News.",0
12582,Colombia Mudslide Sends Rescuers and Relatives on Race to Find Survivors - The New York Times,"BOGOTÁ, Colombia  —   Gildardo Ramírez reached Mocoa on Sunday, only to find a scene of rubble where his Aunt Claudia’s neighborhood had been. He looked desperately through the ruins for his missing aunt, who he said had not been seen since a flood of mud and debris plowed through Mocoa the night before. “I arrived to the house, and it was destroyed,” he said by telephone from Mocoa, a small city in the southern mountains of Colombia near the border with Ecuador. “The only thing I found was a backpack. ” Anxious relatives like Mr. Ramírez and more than 1, 500 rescue workers raced on Sunday to find anyone who might still be alive and trapped in the wreckage in Mocoa, where parts of the city have been wiped off the map by a deluge of mud and floodwaters. In the air of the town, witnesses said they could already smell the dead under the rubble. Cadavers lay unburied in a cemetery while those in the town focused on search and rescue. “We have a huge challenge to find the missing people,” Carlos Ivan Márquez, the head of Colombia’s natural disaster unit, told reporters. The Colombian Red Cross said on Sunday that at least 234 people had died some news outlets reported higher tallies from other sources. Mr. Márquez said that in addition to the deaths, the authorities believed that more than 200 people had been injured. Some 600 residents were evacuated to temporary shelters. The destruction began with an overnight downpour of rain that lasted for hours, causing rivers around Mocoa to overflow their banks while most residents were sleeping. The resulting flood surged through the city on Saturday, carrying tons of debris, leveling houses and sweeping away cars and even large trucks. “The avalanche startled me when I was sleeping, and I went out to the street,” said Carolina Garreta, 20, a firefighter. “People were running and yelling the names of family members. Others were screaming at God. ” Ms. Garreta said that night she had found a    boy clinging to a washing machine that had been carried away by the waters. “He told me that his mother and father were still in the home,” she said. “But where he pointed to, there was nothing. ” Torrential rains have pummeled other parts of the region as well, including Peru, where at least 80 people have been killed in mudslides in recent weeks. Roads and bridges throughout Peru have been damaged, and some 120, 000 people have been left homeless. After Wilson Carrera heard the news of the disaster in Mocoa, he traveled 50 miles on treacherous roads from the Colombian town of Puerto Asis to search for his parents. He said he had found his father, who told him that his mother may not have survived. “They had managed to get out of the house when they started to hear noise,” he said in a telephone interview. “But the water caught up to them in the street, and my mother let go of his hand. ” The city was cut off from many services on Sunday, leaving nearly all residents without electricity, clean water or gasoline many people huddled in shelters. Survivors used car batteries to recharge cellphones in hopes of contacting loved ones in other towns. “There’s not a single drop of drinkable water  —   we need water, that’s what’s urgent  —   and there’s nothing to eat,” Marisol González, the head of a nearby technological institute, told the newspaper El Tiempo. President Juan Manuel Santos visited Mocoa on Sunday for the second time since the disaster struck. He said more help was on the way, while acknowledging that there had been “bottlenecks” in the response. He promised that electric power would be restored soon, that water would be brought in and that destroyed parts of the city would be rebuilt. “The idea is that Mocoa will be better than it was,” he said. Colombia’s Weather Service predicted light rains on Sunday, far less extreme than those that hit the region earlier in the weekend. Dr. Herman Granados, a surgeon at a hospital in Mocoa, said the medical staff there was overwhelmed and that blood supplies were running very low. Many people were still missing, he said: “Under the mud, I am sure there are many more. ”",0
12583,"Interview: Sarah Anastasia, Muslim Makeup Artist And Skin Care Consultant","In the latest installment of “Islam In America,” Roqayah Chamseddine is joined by Sarah Anastasia, a 27-year-old Muslim makeup artist and skin care consultant based in Massachusetts. Sarah discusses her service work and the exploitation and abuse that workers often face.
She also talks about her sexual assault, how sexual assault survivors, specifically women, are often castigated for being assaulted, and what the reaction has been from her friends and family, including other Muslims.
Plus, in light of the release of Donald Trump’s “Access Hollywood” conversation with Billy Bush, which was recorded in 2007, Roqayah and Sarah examine the implications of this rhetoric about using his status as a celebrity to assault women and how it impacts survivors of sexual assault.
This interview is part of Roqayah’s Islam In America series, which amplifies the stories of Muslim-Americans and what they struggle with in their day-to-day lives beyond just Islamophobia.
Listen to the interview by clicking on the below player:

SUPPORT THIS PROJECT If you enjoyed this video, please consider making a donation of $20 or more toward our $4,000 goal to fund the Islam In America project. Your contribution will help us publish more profiles of American Muslims like this one. * 
Below is a partial transcript of the interview: 
ROQAYAH: Before we get into the second half of the interview, I want to warn those listening that the subject matter may be difficult because we’re going to be talking about sexual assault. It’s a confronting and inarguably painful issue for all people, especially those who have been victims or those who know someone who’s been sexually assaulted.
According to the Rape, Abuse, and Incest National Network or RAIN, one of out of every six American women have been the victim of an attempted or completed rape in her lifetime. About 3% of American men or one in thirty-three have experienced an attempted or completed rape in their lifetime. And from 2009-2015, Child Protective Services substantiated or found strong evidence to indicate that 63,000 children a year were victims of sexual abuse.
According to the National Crime Victims Survey, since 1998, there have been 17.7 million American women who have been raped and 2.78 million American Men, and that’s according to the survey. There may be more because as we all know a lot of people do not come forward because of the stigmatization and other issues they may face from both the police or family.
So, before we delve into anything, I wanted to say thank you for letting me talk to you about your story because I know it’s a really painful issue to talk about, especially since you’re a survivor yourself. Feel free to divulge as much or as little as you’re comfortable with.
The reaction to you talking about your sexual assault, because you have talked in brevity on Twitter and I believe on Facebook to some extent—What was it like? What was the reaction like to you talking about it?
SARAH: Part of the reason why I posted it on social media was because I don’t—and I still really don’t. I felt like I didn’t really have anyone to talk to. What kind of, in as vague terms as possible, there was someone I was seeing out-of-state, and I went to go see him. His best friend ended up assaulting me. On top of this, my boyfriend, whatever you want to call him, obviously, ex-boyfriend now, blamed me for the entire thing and said it never happened when he was there. And called me all these disgusting names and said I deserved it. Plus, I was just thinking about it the other day because I hate to call it an anniversary but it’s been a year and like a week basically.
I was just thinking about it and how weird it was that it never happened, but then it was my fault for it happening. I was just thinking about that and how ridiculous it was. But anyways, I didn’t have anyone that I felt really comfortable talking to and also when it first happened, I was out-of-state so I had absolutely nobody. So it was very scary to me and I felt like Twitter—I don’t want to call Twitter a safe space—but I feel like it’s a place that I can express myself. Obviously, I get trolled like almost everybody does. But I was able to say what was happening almost like an open journal in some kind of play-by-play of what was happening.
Thankfully, a lot of my friends that follow me were very receptive obviously and asked me if I was okay, this and that. I just felt like it was kind of important to talk about, but at the same time, I didn’t want to tell any of my family members. I had like one friend I told. I just felt very scared, and I felt like I was going to be judged or nobody was going to believe me. So, it’s like what is the point of even telling a family member if they’re just going to blame me or say it didn’t happen or say I’m making it up or being dramatic. I project a lot in my head, and so I feel like I was like I don’t even want to go there because I’m going to be more stressed out. More anxiety. Everything so Twitter was just kind of the place I went to.
ROQAYAH: On that note, what have you gone through mentally, emotionally, and maybe even physically in light of the Trump tapes, where he gleefully talks about freely assaulting women? Because I know that many women have had stay away from social media because of this issue. They go through reliving their experiences. So what have you gone through?
SARAH: I actually went on a mini-vacation that weekend when everything happened with the tapes with my family and none of them know. So it was kind of this really bizarre kind of like me listening to all their opinions about it, and thankfully, for the most part, my family members were just like this guy is trash. He assaults women. He’s disgusting. He’s a piece of shit. Blah blah blah. But you had the few comments of, well, why are they coming out now? And that obviously hurts even more knowing that I never reported my assault. If I had said to them, oh by the way, I was raped too. It would be, well, why did it take you so long to come out type of thing?
So that weekend was not really the best weekend.
Just a lot of the same things that his defenders or his supporters or fans kind of say that are enabling him are the same exact reasons why I didn’t report my assault and why I didn’t tell so many people because of that same reaction. So it just brought back a lot of really bad memories and feelings.
ROQAYAH: People don’t understand what it takes to actually report sexual abuse. It’s more than going to the police and saying, hey, this happened to me and then it’s over with. It’s extremely intense. You have to not only tell a complete stranger what happened to you. You have to undergo oftentimes medical services that require you to undress yourself, do different kind of examinations, and then at the end of the day, your rape kit may not even be tested for years on end. There’s a lot more to it.
And then, finding out recently I believe based on reports in the Washington Post and elsewhere, cops will routinely laugh and mock sexual assault victims and try to manipulate them into recanting or telling them things like the kid is really young. Why you gonna ruin his life? So this isn’t just something, oh, you didn’t tell? Why didn’t you tell? It’s a lot more than filing a report and then going home and you’re fine. But I think a lot of people assume it’s that easy.
Do you think the language that Trump uses in those tapes, and uses otherwise to describe women, do you think that’s pervasive amongst men in the U.S?
SARAH: Oh, totally. Even before these tapes happened, like if you go back, I posted about this on Facebook. What he did to Miss Universe, even back to Rosie O’Donnell. He has always been so just disgusting. You can just tell he’s somebody who thinks they’re more powerful and so much more above women and just thinks they’re there to serve him and he can do whatever he wants to them and he’s rich and this and that. Like the same thing from the tapes.
It was more the reaction to the tapes that was surprising. Clearly, this is a huge issue in the U.S. You have not just with Donald Trump but you see this a lot of time on the news anyways. I remember with Steubenville and a lot of other cases, like that swimmer, Brock Turner. Like oh you’re ruining his wife and this and that and no one ever once thinks, oh, this poor woman’s life is completely ruined. I remember in Steubenville the women had to move out of the town because she was getting harassed.
It’s just so ridiculous to me and so hurtful that this is continuously happening, and obviously, with Trump too. And I think it’s beyond people who support him. I think there are people too who were like, oh, it’s just words. My mom and I saw some type of report where they went to some random town in Pennsylvania and a lot of them were saying oh that’s Trump’s personal life. I’m still going to vote for him. And it’s like, how is that personal life? He’s assaulting women. That shows how disgusting he is and just his character is so rotten.
ROQAYAH: A lot of these people defending him either know someone who talks like that or talk like that. I was not as angry about it and thankfully I began to say this is really bad. You need to stop talking about women like animals basically. Whenever I hear any guy defending what he is saying—I mean, it’s very simple. All you got to do is say I don’t support what he says. It’s really bad. There’s really not more to it, but men specifically are going out of their way to say, eh, this is normal. And I don’t talk like that but it happens and get over it and you’re being politically correct. It’s a bunch of bullshit they use to defend in reality what they are in real life.
So being a sexual assault survivor, have you had trouble talking about this to other Muslims? Because I know that sex and the subject of sexual assault is still unfortunately really taboo in our community.
SARAH: Thankfully for most Muslim women, my friends, they’ve either — well, I shouldn’t say thankfully because unfortunately some of them are like this happened to me too. I’ve had several people, friends either from real life or social media, contact me and be like this happened to me too, which is a whole other issue. But I haven’t really—Even when I was posting about it on Twitter, not that many men really replied. I did have a friend that was not that judgmental but he did ask me was I drinking, what was I wearing, and stuff like that. It’s like that’s not really relevant to the story because you’re not asking if he was drinking or what he was wearing. Why is that even a question? So that really bothered me.
ROQAYAH: I don’t know why. I don’t know why this is still an issue with men. There’s no reason why that will matter in the story. No one has a right to put their hands on another person without consent. So if you are butt naked and you are out of your mind drunk, it shouldn’t matter. You don’t have the right to touch anyone, especially in a situation where they might not be there mentally. That kind of thing really makes me sick.
SARAH: It just makes me very angry. In my head, it’s almost like are you doubting my story or—The only answer is, what if I was wearing a revealing outfit and I was doing shots at the bar or something (which I wasn’t)? Does that mean that I deserved it? I don’t get why you’re asking the question.
ROQAYAH: It serves no purpose whatsoever, and it works as a way for them to manipulate you and sort of doubt your story without coming out and having a spine to say I don’t believe you.
SARAH: Right, and especially I feel like from Muslims it’s like that whole extra, well, were you drinking because you’re not supposed to be? Well, were you wearing a revealing outfit? You shouldn’t have been.
ROQAYAH: That’s another issue with Muslims. It’s a bit off-topic, but since we brought up the subject, a lot of Muslims look down on other Muslims who drink or who don’t wear the hijab or don’t follow the religion as they think they should. And so we see when a lot of Muslims are in the news, and they do something terrible, they go, oh, well, he wasn’t really a Muslim. He was drinking. Or he wasn’t really a Muslim. He was having premarital sex. They don’t understand that sin doesn’t remove you from the fold of your religion in the way that they think. So people will make mistakes or do whatever, and it doesn’t make them any less of a Muslim than you because you’re so uber pious.
The post Interview: Sarah Anastasia, Muslim Makeup Artist And Skin Care Consultant appeared first on Shadowproof .",0
12584,Tony Blair suggests a second referendum to reverse Brexit,"Politics Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair says UK voters ‘have to build the capability to mobilize and to organize’ against Brexit. 
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair says Britain should keep its “options open” on whether or not to leave the European Union until after Brexit talks with the bloc are completed. 
During an interview on Friday with BBC Radio 4's “Today” program, Blair described the EU referendum as “a catastrophe” and said UK voters should be given the option of a second EU referendum. 
Britain should not withdraw from the EU until it becomes clearer how Brexit would impact UK’s economic, social and cultural future, Blair said. 
""The bizarre thing about this referendum is that we took a decision but we still don't know the precise terms,” he said. “There’s got to be some way, either through parliament, or through an election, possibly through another referendum, that people express their view.” 
The former premier, who was in office from 1997 until 2007, said it should be possible for the public to switch their verdict if it becomes clear the alternative negotiated by Prime Minister Theresa May is going to be worse. 
Blair’s argument contrasts sharply with that of May, who has repeatedly said that “Brexit means Brexit” and that she’ll respect the referendum result. Blair had argued that Britain should stay in the EU before the referendum. 
Economic growth in the UK is expected to slow significantly next year, due to uncertainty over of the Brexit vote. 
Experts have warned that leaving the EU will severely hurt London’s position as a financial hub, unless the UK decides to keep its access to the single EU market by loosening its stance on immigration. 
If the UK loses its access to the EU’s single market, the resulting increase in the costs of doing business and exporting to the EU would hurt Britain’s competitive position in Europe. Loading ...",0
12585,"Kerry Meets Egypt’s Leader, and Where Are Reporters? Corralled at the Airport - The New York Times","Times Insider delivers    insights into how news, features and opinion come together at The New York Times. In this piece, David E. Sanger, a national security correspondent, tells why he didn’t travel to Egypt to cover Secretary of State John Kerry’s visit with President Abdel Fattah  . VIENNA  —   When Secretary of State John Kerry traveled on Wednesday to the presidential palace in Egypt, ostensibly the United States’ closest Arab ally and the recipient of billions of dollars in American aid, the reporters traveling with him were left behind at the airport. The Egyptian authorities made clear, State Department officials said, that reporters like myself would not be welcome at the presidential palace, apparently out of fear we might ask President Abdel Fattah   a question or two about the dissidents he has jailed. Instead, only photographers and videographers would be permitted inside, to record the ritual handshakes between Mr. Kerry and Mr. Sisi  —   images that will suggest all is right between the authoritarian former general who leads Egypt and the nation that provides him with   helicopters and tanks, as well as riot control equipment that human rights groups say may be used to facilitate Egypt’s crackdown against activists. In fact, this meeting comes against a backdrop of increasing tension over Washington’s $1. 3 billion in annual military aid to Egypt, which in recent years has been dwarfed by inflows to the country from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. The State Department has lately been unable to obtain answers to its questions about whether any equipment bought with American dollars has been used by Egyptians to violate human rights, according to a blistering   report issued last week by the Government Accountability Office. After more than two decades of traveling with American presidents and chief diplomats  —   on visits to places that have included some of the world’s most repressive nations  —   I am used to watching leaders disappear behind closed doors. But not even being allowed to see the doors close sets something of a new standard. State Department officials said that once they learned reporters would be barred from the palace, they never even requested visas for us so we could, as is customary, follow Mr. Kerry into the capital for his   to   visit. Instead, those who made the long trip were stuck in a lounge at the airport. I decided to stay behind in Vienna and meet up with the secretary’s entourage this weekend in Myanmar, where he is meeting with Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, who has emerged from a long house arrest to become a leader of the new government. (There have been hints that we will have some access.) The contrast between Myanmar, once one of the world’s most closed societies, and Egypt made me revisit my recent travels with Mr. Kerry in terms of what restrictions were placed on us journalists. In November, Mr. Kerry zipped through Central Asia on a tour of some of the world’s most repressive states, including Turkmenistan, whose leadership shares Mr. Sisi’s approach to anyone who utters a thought the government finds distasteful. Still, President Gurbanguly Berdymukhammedov allowed international  reporters to record his encounters with Mr. Kerry, though local Turkmen journalists were kept at a far remove. The King of Bahrain, who knows a thing or two about clearing the streets of critics, invited reporters in for the start of his meeting with Mr. Kerry last month, and, with a deep understanding of how to keep them docile, fed them at the palace before they were packed off. Even China’s leaders routinely let the news media pool in, though they do their best to ignore them. Egypt used to do the same  —   in what now looks, by comparison, like the days of openness when Hosni Mubarak was still president. Mr. Mubarak was not known for tolerating much criticism before he was deposed, and would never have won an award from Transparency International. But he let reporters record his meeting with President Obama in 2009, when Mr. Obama made a trip to Cairo for a landmark speech about the future of the Arab world that reads today like a trail of broken dreams. Even as the aging Mr. Mubarak fell from power  —   pushed partly by Mr. Obama in phone calls during the Tahrir Square protests  —   he showed some savvy about the Western news media. During one of his last visits to Washington, Mr. Mubarak invited me and afew other reporters to his hotel suite to talk about the Middle East’s future  —   and about his differences with the Obama administration. For those of us trying to divine the    workings of American foreign policy, there are certain accepted rituals that make up the everyday fabric of diplomatic reporting. The journalists on Mr. Kerry’s small plane  —   an older Boeing 757 that he despises  —   usually depart from the rear door, hop into a van that joins the back of his motorcade, and catch a glimpse of the start of most meetings. Sometimes, after these private chats, we are ferried back into a ceremonial room to ask questions, even uncomfortable ones. On rare occasions, we even receive answers. Tuesday in Vienna, where Mr. Kerry held talks on Syria, was typical: Two old American adversaries, happily or not, subjected themselves to our inquiries. First came Foreign Minister Sergey V. Lavrov of Russia, who answered, and avoided, questions at a   news conference. Then Mr. Kerry traveled to the Coburg Palace, where he had negotiated the final stages of the Iran nuclear deal for a month last summer, to see Iran’s foreign minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif. I arrived there before the secretary, and Mr. Zarif came over for a handshake and a few jokes. He then answered a question about Iran’s complaints that companies and banks around the world are not returning to Tehran now that many sanctions have been lifted. Mr. Sisi took power in Egypt in 2013, after what was viewed by many around the world as a coup against Mohamed Morsi  —   who had been elected after Mr. Mubarak’s ouster  —   and led a crackdown in which more than 1, 000 Egyptians were killed and thousands more imprisoned. After the meeting on Wednesday, Mr. Kerry’s spokesman, Mark Toner, emailed State Department reporters with an official “readout. ” The two men had “discussed a range of bilateral and regional issues, including recent developments in Libya and Syria,” the statement said. Mr. Kerry had “also stressed the importance of Egypt’s role as a regional partner and reiterated U. S. commitment to help Egypt fight terrorism, increase economic growth, strengthen democratic institutions and bolster regional security. ” Such anodyne descriptions of these meetings, making no mention of the hard questions in the relationship, are exactly why reporters are expected to press American and foreign officials. But Mr. Sisi’s government seems to be avoiding questions even from its American benefactors. In its report, the Government Accountability Office said the Defense Department had been unable to conduct “  monitoring” on missiles and   devices before 2015. And even though the checks were done in 2015, the report said, the State Department had been unable to vet the training and equipping of the military for possible human rights violations. “State deemed G. A. O. ’s estimate of the percentage of Egyptian security forces that were not vetted to be sensitive but unclassified information, which is excluded from this public report,” it said. That made it difficult to know if the military aid the United States was now giving Egypt violated the   Leahy amendment, which links human rights performance to the delivery of American security equipment and training. I would have loved to ask Mr. Kerry and Mr. Sisi about that estimate at the presidential palace on Wednesday. If only reporters had been allowed in.",0
12586,"Angela Merkel, Squeezed by Far Right, Now Faces a Rising Left - The New York Times","BERLIN  —   She is considered the indispensable European, yet one of the biggest questions looming over the Continent’s crucial elections this year is whether Germany still regards Angela Merkel as indispensable, too. Seven months before national elections in Germany, the prevailing wisdom has held that Ms. Merkel, now seeking a fourth   term as chancellor, is most vulnerable to the rising popularity of the country’s far right, just as other populist,   parties are gaining in coming elections in the Netherlands and France. Yet suddenly, Germany’s left has unexpectedly resurged, prompting Der Spiegel magazine this weekend to pose a question on its cover: “Will She Fall?” A reliable answer is not in sight. The shocks of 2016  —   Britain’s vote to leave the European Union and the election of Donald J. Trump as president of the United States  —   have profoundly shaken Germany, which depends more than any other European nation on Pax Americana and global institutions set up after World War II. But on Sunday, the rebound of the left  —   along with the broad German distaste for Mr. Trump that has helped fuel it  —   was on full display. The   Social Democrat   Steinmeier, who has served in Ms. Merkel’s coalition government as foreign minister for seven years, won the presidency with 931 votes in the   assembly that elects the president to a   term. Despite being a largely ceremonial position, the presidency provides stature and an important platform for Mr. Steinmeier, a popular and charismatic politician. In his brief acceptance speech, he encouraged Germans to be bold in difficult times. “If we want to give others courage, then we must have some ourselves,” he said on a day when many other speakers evoked the country’s dark past and its emergence as a democracy after the Nazis’ defeat in World War II. One marvel of traveling the world, he said, was to realize that Germany has become a model. “Isn’t it wonderful that this, our difficult fatherland, is seen as an anchor of hope for many people in the world?” Mr. Steinmeier said. Before the vote, the conservative head of parliament, Norbert Lammert, gave a surprisingly fiery speech that  —   without mentioning names  —   attacked Mr. Trump and President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia for trying to divide or weaken Europe. “Whoever champions a closed mind instead of openness to the world, whoever literally walls themselves in, bets on protectionism instead of free trade and preaches isolationism instead of states cooperating, and declares ‘We first’ as a program, should not be surprised if others do the same  —   with all the fatal side effects for international ties which we know from the 20th century,” Mr. Lammert said. That goes, he added, for individual European states “but also for our great partner country across the Atlantic. ” Once, it would have been rare for German politicians to lecture other democracies on values, especially the United States, but Germany is now regarded as a critical pillar in upholding the liberal Western order, which is one reason the Sept. 24 national elections are being watched so closely. It is also why some of Ms. Merkel’s fellow conservatives quietly grumbled that she was outfoxed when she agreed to put Mr. Steinmeier forward as the presidential candidate of her grand coalition government, which unites her conservative bloc with the   Social Democrats. Even as the presidency stands above party politics, Mr. Steinmeier, 61, a lawyer and lifelong politician, is likely to be a boon for his party. His election coincided with a Social Democratic surge in polls since the   chose Martin Schulz, a former president of the European Parliament, to lead them into battle against Ms. Merkel in the elections. Mr. Schulz grew up in a village in the Aachen area, becoming mayor of the nearby town of Würselen in 1987, and likes to tell stories from those days to portray himself as an ordinary guy. He first won election to the European Parliament in 1994, going on to become president in 2012. Most unusually for a German politician, he did not finish high school with a certificate, and trained initially as a bookseller. He outpolled Ms. Merkel in personal popularity, 50 percent to 34 percent, in the Infratest dimap survey this month, albeit with a slightly smaller degree of support than Ms. Merkel’s last Social Democratic challenger had at a similar stage of the 2013 race. Perhaps because he has spent most of his political career in European institutions in Brussels, Mr. Schulz can appear fresh to German voters. “What he is doing is filling a vacuum which has obviously arisen,” said Franz Müntefering, a veteran Social Democratic leader. “He is reaching people through emotions. ” In its weekend cover story, Der Spiegel described the current period as “the twilight of Merkel” and noted that she had appeared listless of late. Ms. Merkel’s conservative bloc appears somewhat rattled. Her respected finance minister, Wolfgang Schäuble, the   member of Germany’s parliament, used an interview in Der Spiegel this weekend to accuse Mr. Schulz of   populism. “When Schulz lets his supporters shout, ‘Make Europe great again,’ then it is almost word for word Trump,” Mr. Schäuble told the newsmagazine. Sigmar Gabriel, the Social Democrat who has replaced Mr. Steinmeier as foreign minister, swiftly retaliated: “The radical and   mockery” in American politics “should not be swept in to Germany,” he said. Unquestionably, Mr. Trump’s election has so deeply altered the geopolitical landscape for Ms. Merkel. She has kept a cool distance, and the two leaders are expected to meet for the first time this spring. Domestically, Ms. Merkel is contending with a continuing political backlash to her 2015 decision to admit more than one million migrants, many of them Muslim, into the country. The   Alternative for Germany party, which started as a movement against the euro currency, now carries an     message and has leaders who have sympathy for Mr. Trump’s politics. Tellingly, Frauke Petry and other Alternative for Germany leaders did not applaud with everyone else during Mr. Lammert’s speech when he attacked isolationism or what he termed a “We first” attitude. Under pressure, Ms. Merkel has backpedaled somewhat in recent months, reducing the influx of migrants and taking a tougher line on deportations. As is often the case, people outside the bubble of national politics sounded considerably less stirred when asked about Ms. Merkel’s standing. Metin Elcivan, 41, who helps run a corner store in western Berlin’s Schöneberg district, was certain that German voters would prove conservative. “I think nothing will change at the elections,” he said, “and that we will have a grand coalition again, with Merkel as chancellor. ”",0
12587,Comment on “Shoot First Ask Questions Later” : What Happens To A UFO When Tracked on Military Radar by “SHOOT FIRST ASK QUESTIONS LATER” : WHAT HAPPENS TO A UFO WHEN TRACKED ON MILITARY RADAR - Black Barth,"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter “Decades ago, visitors from other planets warned us about where we were headed and offered to help. But instead, we, or at least some of us, interpreted their visits as a threat, and decided to shoot first and ask questions after.” advertisement - learn more The quote above comes from Paul Hellyer, former Canadian defence minister. ( source ) Based on all of my research into this topic, which has been conducted for more than 10 years, I’ve come across a number of apparent instances where these UFO’s completely avoided our aircfract, commercial or military. Their (the UFO) actions, based on all the documentation out there, always seem to be evasive in nature, regardless of whether these craft are human controlled, or extraterrestrial controlled. On the other hand, it’s not the same for the human race. When an unknown object enters into sensitive airspace, it’s going to be known about, and it’s not uncommon for military agencies to scramble jets in order to take a look. This is something that’s been very well documented, based on my estimates, this is something that’s happened thousands of times around the world for decades. “The nations of the world are currently working together in the investigation of the UFO phenomenon. There is an international exchange of data. Maybe when this group of nations acquires more precise and definite information, it will be possible to release the news to the world”– General Carlos Castro Cavero, Spanish Air Force General (0) advertisement - learn more Another common question that comes about when it comes to crashed craft, is if they are so advanced, how have we been able to bring some of them down? Roswell was not the only incident, I believe this to have happened several dozens of times, and I’m not the only one. From what I’ve looked into, they could disable guided missiles, nuclear weapons and electronic equipment, but were not well prepared for anti-aircraft fire (guns). I’m not quite sure if things have remained the same. Below are the words of Dr. Edgar Mitchell, Apollo 14 astronaut and the 6th man to walk on the moon, clearly I am not alone in my research and beliefs. We now have statements from hundreds of credible whistleblowers on the topic of UFOs and Exxtraterrestrials. “Yes there have been crashed craft, and bodies recovered… We are not alone in the universe, they have been coming here for a long time.” ( source ) ( source ) “I happen to be privileged enough to be in on the fact that we have been visited on this planet, and the UFO phenomenon is real.” ( source) So, What Happens When They Are Tracked On Radar? When the FAA tracks them on radar, a protocol is followedT hey report it to data collection centers, one of them being the Bigelow Aerospace Advanced Space Studies. (1) But evidence suggests that it’s not so simple as just following protocol. Retired FAA Senior Division Chief, John Callahan, shared his experience with regards to a specific UFO incident, you can watch hat b read more about that here . Representatives from the FBI and CIA showed up to find out more about the incident, and to obtain all documentation and video footage. Bigelow Aerospace Director, Mike Gold, recently expressed that he is glad somebody is taking the reports, because it is a “serious issue,” but he also said that he could not comment on what they do with them. To see that interview, click here . “If one thing is glaringly obvious, it is that the UFO phenomenon is global and has included many military encounters.”– Richard Dolan, Author, Historian, UFO Researcher. (0) So, what happens when UFOs are tracked on military/defence agency radar? Well, the first thing that happens is that it is recorded and documented. Documents regarding UFOs and the tracking of them on radar have been declassified within the past few years, there are countless examples from multiple agencies, like the NSA. ( source ) If something is violating your airspace, and performing maneuvers that defy our understanding of physics, maneuvers that no known air craft can perform, you’re going to want to take a closer look. As UFOs do present a number of defence, national security and air safety issues. One case in particular I’d like to start out with is the incident over Tehran, Iran. This incident occurred on the night of September 18th, 1976. A four page U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency and NSA report describes the encounter in detail. Furthermore, both of the pilots involved discussed the event years later. (source) What happened on this night is an example of what has happened multiple times with regards to military encounters with UFOs. Residents of the city noticed a big bright object in the sky. The airport traffic controller also noticed, “it was an intensely bright object that was not supposed to be there.” The Iranian Air Force was contacted (at the time they were a close ally of the United States, under the rule of the Shah), and they dispatched two F-4 fighter jets to check out the object. The United States took this encounter very seriously, a report of what happened was sent to multiple national security officials AND U.S. President Gerald R. Ford, CIA Director George Bush, and National Security Adviser Henry Kissinger, among others. (0) Both of the F-4 interceptor pilots reported seeing the object visually, it was also tracked on their airborne radar. Both planes experienced critical instrumentation and electronics go offline at a distance of twenty-five miles from the object. Here is an excerpt from the report: “As the F-4 approached a range of 25 nautical miles it lost all instrumentation and communications. When the F-4 turned away from the object and apparently was no longer a threat to it, the aircraft regained all instrumentation and communications. Another brightly lighted object came out of the original object. The second object headed straight toward the F4. ” (source) The report also described how a smaller object detached from the bigger object, turned inside the arc of the F-4 itself, and then regained the original object. This incident lasted for several hours. I decided to use this example because it has a number of declassified supporting national security documents, which goes to show how serious this event was taken. Another significant event occurred over NATO’s Aviano Air Base in Italy, on July 1, 1977. During this event, several U.S. Air Force personnel saw a UFO hovering outside of the base perimeter. While the object was there, the facility lost electrical power. (5) From November 9th through December 18th in 1978, several major UFO events occurred over the oilfields of Kuwait. They also appeared to disrupt major electrical equipment in this case. This event received major attention from the Kuwaiti government, as well as the U.S. government and Embassy. (6)(0) According to Richard Dolan, one of the world’s leading UFO researchers, perhaps the most dramatic of all were two encounters that year on December 16th by the Chilean Air Force: “Two pilots on a training mission, each flying an F5 fighter aircraft, tracked the object on their airborne radar. It gave a return equal to ten or more aircraft carriers-except this object was in the air, not floating on the water. Each pilot assumed his radar equipment was faulty, until he learned that the other pilot was also getting the same return. Not only this, but ground radar from a nearby airport also picked up the object and confirmed its huge size. The pilots also saw the object with their own eyes. One pilot later said that at a distance of twenty miles, it looked “like a plantain banana swathed in smoke.” The pilots were frightened, having no missiles or weapons. As they approached the massive object, which had been motionless all this while, it took off at an unimaginable speed. All at once, it vanished from the three radar screens.”(7)(0) The very next morning the Chilean Air Force scrambled some F5 fighter jets to intercept another very large UFO. The pilots described this one as very bright, and very large. The Chilean Air Force has officially acknowledged these events, but could not explain what had occurred. (7)(0) On May 19, 1986, there was a large portion of Brazilian airspace that was constantly occupied by UFOs. The Brazilian air-force constantly scrambled their jets to get a closer look at what they were picking up on radar. Here is a quote from the Brazilian Minister of Aeronautics, Brigadier General Otavio Moreira Lima: “At least 20 objects were detected by Brazilian radars. They saturated the radars and interrupted traffic in the area. Each time that radar detected unidentified objects, fighters took off for intercept. Radar detects only solid metallic bodies and heavy (mass) clouds. There were no clouds nor conventional aircraft in the region. The sky was clear. Radar doesn’t have optical illusions. We can only give technical explanations and we don’t have them. It would be very difficult for us to talk about the hypothesis of an electronic war. It’s very remote and it’s not the case here in Brazil. It’s fantastic. The signals on the radar were quite clear.” (8)(0) I’d also like to point out that UFOs have been seen and coincide with the deactivation of nuclear missiles and nuclear missile facilities all over the world. Below is a video of Robert Hastings , you can look into him if you want to learn more. The list goes on and on, UFOs tracked on radar and military jets scrambled to check them out is nothing new. I hope I’ve given you a good amount of info to further your research if interested. Dozens and dozens of governments have recently released their UFO files, admitting to the phenomenon being real. You can access the United Kingdoms latest batch that was released in June 2013 here . According to U.S. defense records, an interesting sighting of a UFO was reported by the Ghana Air Force on July 27, 1987. It was a large, silent object which the pilot described as two or three times large than a Boeing 747. He said that the “object dropped altitude, then gained altitude, then was replaced by small bluish lights arranged in a circular formation.” (9)(0) Below is a quote from Paul Hellyer, X Canadian Defence Minister describing another documented case. “In one of the cases during the cold war, 1961, there were about 50 UFOs in formation flying South from Russia across Europe. The supreme allied commander was very concerned and was about ready to press the panic button when they turned around and went back over the North Pole. They decided to do an investigation and they investigated for three years and they decided that with absolute certainty that four different species, at least, have been visiting this planet for thousands of years. There’s been a lot more activity in the past two decades, especially since we invented the atomic bomb. They are very concerned about that and if we will use it again, because the whole cosmos is in unity and it affects not just us but other people in the cosmos. They’re very much afraid that we might start using atomic weapons again and this would be very bad for us, and them also.” – Paul Hellyer ( source ) What Do They Look Like When The Pilots See Them? “If it does indeed turn out that there is relevant physical evidence, if this evidence is carefully collected and analyzed, and if this analysis leads to the identification of several facts concerning the UFO phenomenon, then will be the time for scientists to step back and ask, what are these facts trying to tell us? If those facts are strong enough to lead to a firm conclusion, then will be the time to confront the more bizarre questions. If, for instance, it turns out that all physical evidence is consistent with a mundane interpretation of the causes of UFO reports, there will be little reason to continue to speculate about the role of extraterrestrial beings. If, on the other hand, the analysis of physical evidence turns up very strong evidence that objects related with UFO reports were manufactured outside the solar system, then one must obviously consider very seriously that the phenomenon involves not only extraterrestrial vehicles but probably also extraterrestrial beings.” ( source ) The quote above comes from Peter Andrew Sturrock , a British Scientist, and an Emeritus Professor of Applied Physics at Stanford University. Sturrock and a number of other notable scientists around the world came together during the 1990’s in order to examine the physical evidence that is commonly associated with the UFO phenomenon. One example used by Sturrock in his analysis, was a photo taken by two Royal Canadian Air Force pilots on August 27th, 1956, in McCleod, Alberta, Canada. ( “Physical Evidence Related To UFO Reports”– The Sturrock Panel Report – Electromagnetic Effects ) ( source ) ( source ) The pilots were flying in a formation of four F86 Sabre jet aircraft. One of the pilots described the phenomenon as a “bright light which was sharply defined as disk-shaped,” that looked like “a shiny silver dollar sitting horizontal.” Another pilot managed to photograph the object, as you can see to the left. The sighting lasted for a couple of minutes, and this specific case was analyzed by Dr. Bruce Maccabee, who estimated (from available data) that the luminosity of the object (the power output within the spectral range of the film) to be many megawatts. The Sturrock Panel also found it to be the case that a strong magnetic field surrounding the phenomenon or object was a common occurrence. Maccabee published his analysis in the Journal of Scientific Exploration (“Optical Power Output of an Unidentified High Altitude Light Source,” published in the Journal of Scientific Exploration, vol. 13, #2, 1999). He also published one in 1994 titled “Strong Magnetic Field Detected Following a Sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object,” in the same journal (8, #3, 347) Dr. Jacques Vallee, notable for co-developing the first computerized mapping of Mars for NASA, and for his work at SRI International on the network information center for ARPANET , a precursor to the modern Internet, also published a paper in the Journal of Scientific Exploration titled “Estimates of Optical Power Output in Six Cases Of Unexplained Ariel Objects With Defined Luminosity Characteristics.” ( source )( source ) This particular case is also referenced in this paper. “Behind the scenes, high ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned about UFOs. But through official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the unknown flying objects are nonsense.” Former head of the CIA, Roscoe Hillenkoetter, 1960 (source, NY Times) It’s only now that more people are starting to become aware of this information. Here is a quote from Senator Barry Goldwater before the de-classification of all of these files: “This thing has gotten so highly-classified… it is just impossible to get anything on it. I have no idea who controls the flow of need-to-know because, frankly, I was told in such an emphatic way that it was none of my business that I’ve never tried to make it to be my business since. I have been interested in this subject for a long time and I do know that whatever the Air Force has on the subject is going to remain highly classified.” – Senator Barry Goldwater , Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee (source) Below is a great clip from author and researcher Richard Dolan , taken from The Citizens Hearing On Disclosure summing it all up in one short speech. For more information on the UFO/Extraterrestrial topic, and for more articles on the subject by CE, click HERE . Sources:",0
12588,BBC Targets Kids with Fake ’Islam Means Peace’ Claim Following Finsbury Park Attack,"The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) has published a story entitled “What is Islamophobia?” containing misleading information such as the common trope that “Islam means peace”. [Published just hours after the terrorist attack outside Finsbury Park mosque, the BBC’s article is hosted on their CBBC (Children’s BBC) website. It begins: “Following recent events in the news you might have been hearing a lot about Islam and maybe the term ‘Islamophobia’  —   but what does this mean?”  It states: Islam is over 1, 400 years old, dating back to the 7th Century. The Islamic word for God is Allah. The word “Islam” comes from an old Arabic word meaning “peace. ” UPDATE 21 June 2017: Following the publication of this article, the BBC has changed its copy to state: Islam is over 1, 400 years old, dating back to the 7th Century. The Islamic word for God is Allah. The word “Islam” means submission to God’s will and obedience to God’s law. It comes from an old Arabic word meaning “peace. ” In reality, the word “Islam” actually means “submission” implying submission to Allah. There has been a broader discussion on the matter in recent years, but while “Salam” means welcome or peace, the root of the word Islam is grounded in the idea of submission to Allah. This has been confirmed by a number of Quranic scholars, as well as Muslims on the Ummah Forum website. One writes: “i would sum it up as, islam means submission, one who submits is a muslim, and submission to Allah will bring peace to your heart insha Allah. ” Even Britain’s most notorious Islamist preacher Anjem Choudary concurred, in an interview with CBN: “You can’t say that Islam is a religion of peace,” Choudary told CBN News. “Because Islam does not mean peace. Islam means submission. So the Muslim is one who submits. There is a place for violence in Islam. There is a place for jihad in Islam. ” CBBC adds, with no evidence: “  …    many people say those terrorist groups have extreme beliefs of hatred and violence that have little to do with what most Muslims believe. ” In reality, vast numbers of Muslims, even in the Western world, hold   views and ideals that fit well with the modus operandi of terrorist groups. While indeed there is some   discrimination all around the world,   and Muslim Brotherhood affiliated groups created and seized upon the word Islamophobia in order to promote the ideas of fitna and fasad: effectively the idea of standing in the way of the spread of Islam. Quran 2:191 commands: “And kill [the unbelievers] wherever you find them, and drive them out from whence they drove you out, and persecution is severer than slaughter, and do not fight with them at the Sacred Mosque until they fight with you in it, but if they do fight you, then slay them such is the recompense of the unbelievers. ” Quran 5:32 says: “Indeed, the penalty for those who wage war against Allah and His Messenger and strive upon earth [to cause] corruption is none but that they be killed or crucified or that their hands and feet be cut off from opposite sides or that they be exiled from the land. That is for them a disgrace in this world and for them in the Hereafter is a great punishment. ” Following the London Bridge terrorist attack, CBBC wrote: A white van hit pedestrians on London Bridge at about 10pm on Saturday, then three men got out and attacked people in nearby Borough Market. Police arrived within a few minutes and the three men believed to be responsible for the attack were killed by the specially trained police. Dozens of emergency service workers were sent to the scene and the injured were taken to five London hospitals to be treated. Police investigations into what happened are continuing. A group called Islamic State has said it was behind the attack, but police haven’t confirmed if that is true. Under an article entitled “What is the Islamic State?” the BBC’s children’s website says: “IS are a group based in the Middle East, mainly in Iraq and Syria, who have extreme religious beliefs. They use brutal violence against anyone who doesn’t agree with their views. “They claim to follow the religion of Islam, but many people say their beliefs of hatred and violence have little to do with what the majority of Muslims believe. ”",0
12589,Hillary Lies About Her Whereabouts On 9/11,"During a rally in Tuesday night in Florida, Hillary Clinton lied. Wait a second, that’s not surprising. That’s like saying the sky is blue . . . unless you’re a liberal, in which case you’ll probably say “the sky is green” and “how dare you discriminate against it.” 
Via TruthAndAction 

At least you can say this about Hillary Clinton, she’s consistent. She’s a consistent liar, a consistent hypocrite and most of all, she’s a consistent criminal. Unlike most of her past lies, which have somewhat intricate and easy to believe for the lazy minded, her latest lie is so far-fetched and comes at a time when she’s seeking as much sympathy as she can get, that you would have to be the world’s biggest idiot to believe it.
During her rally in Florida, Hillary claimed that she was in New York City on 9/11. The only problem is that she wasn’t. Not even the media can back up this claim, because many of them wrote sob stories about how she was in Washington that day.
Uh oh . . .
Not only was she not in New York, there’s a story published by Politico about exactly what she did that day and how she reacted when she heard the news. Clinton did go to New York, but not until the following the day.
She had CNN on as she talked on the phone with her legislative director when the first plane hit. Then the second. By the time she got to the Capitol, the Pentagon had been hit by a third plane. Capitol police were evacuating Senate office buildings. She dialed her daughter, who was in New York. She dialed her husband, who was in Australia. She and other senators received a briefing at the Capitol police station early in the evening. And after “a day indelibly etched in my mind,” and as nightfall approached, Clinton joined congressional colleagues on the steps of the Capitol, standing next to some of her fiercest political opponents, singing “God Bless America” with tears in her eyes. 
Her statements came as she was opening old wounds revolving around the Pulse night club in Florida. She claimed that she was in New York on 9/11 and that she would defeat ISIS and protect America. Does that include from herself? Let’s hope she doesn’t get the opportunity.
Source: dailycaller.com 
",0
12590,Fact Check: Trump’s Critiques of the Affordable Care Act - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump blamed the news media on Monday morning for “making Obamacare look so good” as he spoke at a listening session with nine people he characterized as “victims” of the health care law. Mr. Trump repeated his declaration that “Obamacare is a disaster”  —   a sentiment echoed more specifically by White House and cabinet officials in the past few days. While it is undeniable that the law has not been universally beneficial, many of the criticisms from Mr. Trump and his team are   or misleading. This needs context. In 2017, premiums for the benchmark plan increased by 22 percent on average across the states that use the federal marketplace or have their own exchanges, according to the Department of Health and Human Services. Some places had higher increases (116 percent in Arizona, the only state with a   increase) and some lower (9 percent in Wyoming). That’s much higher than the 7 percent increase in 2016 and 3 percent increase in 2015, but looking at premium increases alone does not fully capture what people are paying. About 84 percent of enrollees qualify for tax credits that help blunt the costs in 2017, meaning the government picks up the tab for any increase. Factoring in this financial assistance, a    nonsmoker making $30, 000 would see no change, or even a slight reduction, for the benchmark plan in all but two states, the Kaiser Family Foundation estimated. False. About 20 million have gained insurance under the act. The uninsured rate fell to 10. 9 percent at the end of last year, according to Gallup, compared with 17. 1 percent at the end of 2013. Analysis from the Commonwealth Fund concluded that the Affordable Care Act was responsible for a majority of the decline. This is misleading. Researchers at the Urban Institute estimated that roughly 2. 6 million people reported in 2013 that their plans were being canceled because of noncompliance with the A. C. A. But half of these people were eligible for Medicaid or subsidized insurance plans. A 2014 study from the RAND corporation, a nonprofit think tank, concluded that fewer than one million people, not “millions,” ended up with no insurance at all. Most polls also contradict Mr. Trump’s claim that there is a “very small number of people that are happy. ” A majority of enrollees reported satisfaction with the health care law in three national surveys, though some expressed concern with lack of choice and affordability, according to a September 2016 Government Accountability Office review. (The outlier is Black Book Market Research, a public opinion research company based in Florida, which found just 22 percent of enrollees were satisfied.) This is misleading. The Affordable Care Act mandated that businesses with more than 50 employees are required to offer health insurance to employees who work 30 hours or more per week, or pay a penalty. Though there are certainly some anecdotes of employers reducing hours to get around the mandate, studies have been unable to find much evidence of a widespread shift to   employment. This is misleading. Out of the 20 million people who have gained insurance under the law, about 14. 5 million received coverage through Medicaid, 3. 3 million of whom were previously eligible. A majority of these Medicaid enrollments, 11. 2 million, occurred because of the Affordable Care Act’s expansion of the health care program. The health care law raised the eligibility cutoff to adults under 65 who made less than 138 percent of the poverty line. This is misleading. Health costs for   plans have risen in the years since the law was implemented. Independent estimates for the rate of increase hover in the 3 percent to 4 percent range. But this trend was occurring in the years before the Affordable Care Act as well. The Kaiser Family Foundation estimates that premiums increased by 20 percent from 2011 to 2016, compared to 31 percent from 2006 to 2011 and 63 percent from 2001 to 2006.",0
12591,Is Nic Cage hair a alien?,"Is Nic Cage hair a alien? I think it might be a shapeshifter. doomish Re: Is Nic Cage hair a alien? **Some people just need a high-five. With a chair. In the face.** Anonymous Coward Re: Is Nic Cage hair a alien? lols Re: Is Nic Cage hair a alien? HEY! Dont disrespect Nic Cage. That man is a legend at starring in shitty movies. Page 1 08/12/16 2 10/21/09 3 04/13/16 6 Mail with questions or comments about this site. ""Godlike Productions"" & ""GLP"" are registered trademarks of Zero Point Ltd. Godlike™ © 1999 - 2015 Godlikeproductions.com Page generated in 0.008s (7 queries)",0
12592,Breaking! Terrorist Strike Again On Thanksgiving Day and It's Bad - USAPoliticsNow,"usapoliticsnow admin 2016 Election , US News , World News 
Gunman have launched an attack on a retirement home in France leaving at least one killed and a hostage situation. 
Independent.co.uk reported: At least one person has been killed after a gunman launched an attack on a retirement home for Catholic missionaries near the French city of Montpellier. 
Armed police were deployed to the Maison de Retraite des Missions Africaines (African Missions Retirement Home) in Montferrier-sur-Lez on Thursday night. 
“An individual, who was masked and armed with a knife and a sawn-off shotgun came into the retirement home where 70 missionaries live,” a source told the AFP news agency, adding that the man’s motivations were unknown. 
Local media reported that at least one person had been found dead, with the e-Metropolitain news website reporting a female supervisor had been killed with a knife after she raised the alarm. 
Her body was found on the first floor of the building by police and the location of the attacker remained unclear as searches continued. 
Source @ www.independent.co.uk ",0
12593,Google Self-Driving Car Unit Accuses Uber of Using Stolen Technology - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   Waymo, the   car business spun out of Google’s parent company, claimed in a federal lawsuit on Thursday that Uber was using intellectual property stolen by one of Google’s former project leaders. In a federal court filing in San Francisco, Waymo said Anthony Levandowski, who runs Uber’s autonomous car division, downloaded 14, 000 files from Google a month before leaving to start his own   car company, Otto. Uber acquired Otto in August for $680 million, about seven months after Mr. Levandowski left Google. “Otto and Uber have taken Waymo’s intellectual property so that they could avoid incurring the risk, time, and expense of independently developing their own technology,” the company said in the filing. “Ultimately, this calculated theft reportedly netted Otto employees over half a billion dollars and allowed Uber to revive a stalled program, all at Waymo’s expense. ” Uber did not respond to requests for comment. In its filing, Waymo said it was inadvertently copied on an email from one of its suppliers with drawings of Uber’s circuit board design for its lidar technology, short for light detection and ranging, ” that are   sensors used in   cars. Waymo said Uber’s design bore “a striking resemblance” to its proprietary and highly secret design and infringed on Waymo’s patents. Waymo also said that a number of Google employees, who subsequently left to join Mr. Levandowski at Otto, downloaded additional trade secrets before departing. These included supplier lists, manufacturing details and technical information, Waymo said. The suit accuses Uber of stealing trade secrets, infringing on patents and competing unfairly in an effort to catch up on autonomous vehicle technology. Otto was the brainchild of a handful of former Google employees who pioneered autonomous vehicle research at the search giant. Mr. Levandowski, who had been at Google nine years, led that effort. He is a prominent figure in the world of   vehicles, having worked on the technology for more than a decade and achieving some degree of renown as a graduate student at the University of California, Berkeley, in 2004, when he designed a   motorcycle that was entered in the Pentagon’s first contest for autonomous vehicles. Later, when Google began working on   cars, it acquired Mr. Levandowski’s   510 Systems. Mr. Levandowski left Google in early 2016 to found Otto with Lior Ron, who also was experienced in autonomous vehicle research and digital mapping. Waymo noted in its suit that the sale to Uber closed shortly after Mr. Levandowski received his final “multimillion dollar” compensation payment from Google. Companies in Silicon Valley and Detroit are betting big on   car technology. And the intense interest has spawned a string of expensive investments and lawsuits. Last year, General Motors paid more than $1 billion for Cruise Automation, an autonomous vehicle technology   and Ford recently announced plans to invest $1 billion over five years in Argo AI, an artificial intelligence   formed in December. In January, Tesla filed a lawsuit against Sterling Anderson, a former director of the company’s Autopilot program, saying that he broke his employment contract by trying to recruit Tesla employees to join a new   car company. Tesla’s suit, filed against Mr. Anderson and his partner Chris Urmson, a former Google employee, also claims that Mr. Anderson took proprietary information and tried to cover his tracks by destroying information. In December, Google’s parent company, Alphabet, said that its    autonomous vehicle project was spinning off from its research lab X and would operate as a   company called Waymo. Alphabet said its decision to spin out Waymo was a signal that the company thought its   technology had advanced beyond research project status and was ready for commercialization. Waymo executives have said it is open to using the technology in many ways, including a   service to compete with Uber. For Uber, Otto represents a significant bet on the future of transportation. Mr. Levandowski was named vice president of Uber’s   technology, and he reports directly to Travis Kalanick, the company’s chief executive. Mr. Levandowski leads Uber’s Advanced Technologies Center in Pittsburgh, the epicenter of the company’s testing and   efforts. Uber has said it could be years before   vehicles enter wide mainstream use. But the company has already deployed early tests in Pittsburgh and Tempe, Ariz. where the public can travel in prototype vehicles. In Fort Collins, Colo. Otto recently completed its first   truck delivery, a   beer delivery for Budweiser. Uber has also struck a deal with Volvo to jointly develop a   vehicle, the   early versions of it have been released in some cities. In December, Uber ran into opposition to a test of its   Volvo   in San Francisco, an operation the California Department of Motor Vehicles said was illegal because Uber did not hold the proper permits. One week later, Uber relented,  redirecting its test to Tempe and pulling a fleet of its   cars out of the Bay Area. Uber, now privately valued at nearly $70 billion, has raised a dizzying amount of money from venture capitalists around Silicon Valley. One of its early investors was GV, the venture capital arm of Alphabet. In August, David Drummond, a longtime Alphabet executive who was instrumental in GV’s $250 million investment in Uber in 2013, stepped down from his seat on Uber’s board of directors as it became increasingly clear the two companies were on a collision course. It has been a difficult week for Uber. The company is still reeling from a blog post written by Susan Fowler, a former Uber employee, who claimed she was sexually harassed by a manager at the company and was ignored when she complained to the human resources department. The company said it was investigating Ms. Fowler’s claims and other concerns about a toxic workplace culture. Mitch and Freada Kapor, early investors in Uber, wrote in a blog post on Thursday that they are frustrated with the company’s inability to change its culture, despite their attempts to help. They also expressed concern about the independence of the investigation, which will be led by Eric H. Holder Jr. the former United States attorney general, and Arianna Huffington, an Uber board member. Mr. Holder has been paid to work on behalf of Uber since at least 2016, they wrote, and Ms. Huffington’s board seat also compromises her independence. Mr. Holder and Tammy Albarran, a partner at the law firm Covington and Burling who is working on the investigation, said the inquiry would be “thorough, impartial and objective. ”",0
12594,Wells Fargo or the Federal Reserve: Who’s the Bigger Fraud?,"  
The Wells Fargo bank account scandal took center stage in the news last week and in all likelihood will continue to make headlines for many weeks to come. What Wells Fargo employees did in opening bank accounts without customers’ authorization was obviously wrong, but in true Washington fashion the scandal is being used to deflect attention away from larger, more enduring, and more important scandals. 
What Wells Fargo employees who opened these accounts engaged in was nothing more than fraud and theft, and they should be punished accordingly. But how much larger is the fraud perpetrated by the Federal Reserve System and why does the Fed continue to go unpunished? For over 100 years the Federal Reserve System has been devaluing the dollar, siphoning money from the wallets of savers into the pockets of debtors. Where is the outrage? Where are the hearings? Why isn’t Congress up in arms about the Fed’s malfeasance? It reminds me of the story of the pirate confronting Alexander the Great. When accused by Alexander of piracy, he replies “Because I do it with a small boat, I am called a pirate and a thief. You, with a great navy, molest the world and are called an emperor.” 
Over two thousand years later, not much has changed. Wells Fargo will face more scrutiny and perhaps more punishment. There will undoubtedly be more calls for stricter regulation, notwithstanding the fact that regulators failed to detect this fraud, just as they have failed to detect every fraud and financial crisis in history. And who will suffer? Why, the average account-holder of course. 
Any penalties assessed against Wells Fargo will be made up by increasing fees on account-holders. Clawbacks of bonuses, if they occur, will likely face resistance from the beneficiaries of those bonuses, leading to protracted and costly lawsuits. Even if the Wells Fargo CEO and top executives of Wells Fargo step down, the culture at Wells Fargo is unlikely to change anytime soon. As one of the largest banks in the world, Wells Fargo knows that it is not only too big to fail, but also too big to prosecute. At the end of the day, no matter how much public posturing there is, Wells Fargo and the regulators will remain best buddies. And those regulators who failed to catch this fraud will be rewarded with more power and larger budgets, courtesy of the US taxpayer. 
Through all of this, the Federal Reserve will continue its policy of low interest rates and easy money. Retirees who hoped to be able to live off the interest on their investments will find themselves squeezed by continued low interest rates. Those living on fixed incomes will see their monthly checks buying less and less as the prices of food staples continue to rise. The fat cats on Wall Street will continue to have access to cheap and easy money while those on Main Street will face a constantly declining quality of life. 
It is well past time for the Federal Reserve to face the same music as Wells Fargo and the bad actors on Wall Street. It is, after all, the Federal Reserve’s creation of money out of thin air that enables all of this fraudulent behavior in the first place, so why should the Fed remain untouchable? Let’s hope that someday Congress wakes up, hauls the Federal Reserve in for questioning, and puts as much pressure on the Fed as it does on private sector fraudsters.",0
12595,"Brazilians Speak Portuguese, but the Olympics Must Use French - The New York Times","RIO DE JANEIRO  —   Michaëlle Jean, secretary general of the International Organization of la Francophonie, spent a recent morning at the sultry Lagoa Olympic venue, where the world’s most exciting rowing was taking place. She was not so interested in what was happening on the water. “You will notice that the commentators are not speaking French,” she said, indignantly. “In the venue, none of the signs are in French. ” Monitoring the use of French at the Olympics is a frustrating and quixotic job, particularly when the Games are being held in a    country preoccupied with    matters like street crime, economic chaos and how to cram thousands of excitable spectators into the beach volleyball venue. But Rule 23 of the Olympic charter states that the Games have two official languages, and Ms. Jean’s organization, which represents 80 Francophone countries, is determined to make sure nobody forgets that one of them is French (the other is English). “It’s a struggle each time you have the Olympic Games, in a different country and a different city,” Ms. Jean said. “We must be there to make sure the French signs and documents and information are there. We have 3, 000 athletes and a lot of people in the public from Francophone countries. ” Rule 23 is no accident. As the founder of the modern Olympic Games at the turn of the 20th century, Pierre de Coubertin got to choose what language they would be in, and he was French. But as the century wore on, and English became more dominant as a common international language, French usage at the Games began to fall by the wayside. This alarmed the   world and the Francophonie organization, one of whose goals, it says, is to “combat the perverse effects of globalization on languages. ” At each Olympics since Athens in 2004, the group has appointed a person known as le Grand Témoin  —   the Great Witness  —   whose job is to make the case for, and keep track of, French usage at the Games. This year’s Grand Témoin is the internationally celebrated jazz saxophonist Manu Dibango of Cameroon. (Ms. Jean, a former governor general of Canada, had the job in London in 2012.) Responsibilities include negotiating with the International Olympic Committee and the host country, closely monitoring the French situation at the Games, and producing a report afterward. The reports tend to reflect a mixture of hopefulness and dismay. “In Beijing, all Olympic signage appeared first in French, then English and Chinese,” the Sochi report says, for instance. “In Sochi, the signage addressing the international audience was trilingual, but that addressing the spectators appeared in Russian and English. ” In addition, it pointed out, “the arrival of some new sports to the Olympic program (slopestyle and halfpipe) was not accompanied by a terminology sufficient for these disciplines to be discussed with French terms in the media. ” The Olympics are “obviously a very important showcase,” said Mr. Dibango, who is also serving as a cultural ambassador, performing with Brazilian and   musicians in Rio as a way to promote the international nature of French. “I see the job as being the   of the 300 million people around the world who speak French,” Mr. Dibango said. The average member of the public may have little idea that any of this is going on, but the Francophonie organization takes the issue so seriously that no sooner does one Olympics end than it starts negotiating the terms of the next one. Early discussions about French at the Rio Games were positive, Ms. Jean said, because the Brazilian government was sympathetic and because Carlos Nuzman, the president of the Brazilian organizing committee, speaks fluent French. But then the economy collapsed and the friendly government fell. When the new government came in, it had a lot on its mind, and that did not include the use of French at the Olympics. As the day of the opening ceremony approached, the Francophonie organization had no idea how the evening  —   traditionally a fine time for the world to hear and appreciate a lot of beautifully enunciated French spoken by important international officials  —   would go. It turned out to be a runaway success. All the main announcements and speeches were delivered in French, along with English and Portuguese. Even better, Ms. Jean said, “everything was announced first in French  —   did you notice?” The opening ceremony is one thing the rest of the Olympics is another. Ms. Jean visited the athletes’ village, only to discover that there were   signs in the cafeteria but nowhere else. She attributed it to Rio’s budget woes  —   translation is expensive  —   and the frantic nature of   preparations. While she understood, she said, “We were very disappointed at the situation. ” Visitors to the Games, too, will see that the thousands of signs at the various event venues are printed only in English and Portuguese, not in French. (Not that the English signs are anything to get excited about, seeming at times to owe more to Google Translate than to a sentient being. “Press the wheelchair button if you have locomotion issues,” a sign next to an elevator at the media center reads. ) At the rowing venue on Saturday, the events moved along so quickly that sometimes it was all the announcers could do to pack in the commentary in both Portuguese and English, never mind any other languages. In the stands, several (  ) spectators said that, to be honest, language was not at the forefront of their minds. “I hadn’t really thought about it,” said Amy Burba, 44, of Virginia. “But I heard the people behind us speaking French. ” Scott MacRae, a Scottish chef who was holding a beer and wearing his Union Jack on his head as a form of sun protection, said that except at the opening and closing ceremonies, French should be kept out of the Olympics. “I like the French passion,” he said. “But I don’t think it’s appropriate to use French at the Olympics when you have them in a country that is not France. ” Several   rowing officials at the site bemoaned the loss of French not just at the Olympics but also in sports (and in the world) in general. Americans in particular, they said, do not speak other languages and do not really want to. French used to be the official language of rowing’s governing body, FISA, but it is now used less frequently, said Jean Christophe Rolland, FISA’s president. Even FISA, whose acronym stands for Fédération Internationale des Sociétés d’Aviron, has had to adopt a zippy English   World Rowing, which it uses for “commercial purposes” but which is slipping more and more into the rowing lexicon, he said. As Mr. Rolland talked nostalgically about the days when rowing meetings were held in French and English speakers had to listen to the translation on headphones, the Rolling Stones song “(I Can’t Get No) Satisfaction” began playing over the loudspeakers. “It’s a daily fight,” he said. “A daily fight. ”",0
12596,Why’d You Do That? Printing Donald Trump’s Vulgarities - The New York Times,"Coverage of the leaked 2005 audio tape of  Donald Trump speaking in lewd language about women has produced an onslaught of reader mail, mostly because of the vile words contained in the coverage. The majority of those writing in are asking how the decision was made rather than complaining about the choice to include such words. I went to the Times political editor Carolyn Ryan to ask some of the readers’ most frequent questions. Spayd: The public editor inbox is full of readers asking why The New York Times decided to use some of the most vile language spoken by Donald Trump in the audio released Friday. The words were used both on the home page and on A1. Can you explain the thinking behind this decision? Ryan: Yes, it is not a decision we made lightly. We had a spirited discussion among top editors about it, led by (executive editor) Dean Baquet. The argument against using the words was driven by a concern that it would be jolting to readers, especially given that the story would be played so prominently on page one, and that there were other ways we could signal what Trump said without relying on the actual vulgar words. Ultimately we decided that the words themselves were newsworthy, and that omitting them or merely describing them or slyly hinting at them would not have been forthright with our readers. Spayd: Has The Times ever used such vulgar language in such a prominent position before, or in any manner? Ryan: It is very rare, but we have done it in the past. One recent example: In 2013, Andrea Elliott wrote a powerful narrative about an    homeless girl growing up in New York City, which captured how rough and desolate her life was. We quoted her mother cursing at her, which was in keeping with the rawness and roughness of the narrative. But again, it is quite rare. Spayd: In this case, the words appear both in print and online. Was it part of the discussion to consider using the words only online or is the standard the same for both?  Ryan: We proceeded with the idea that whatever we decided would be applied to the print and the online story. One reality we faced was that, regardless of what we said in the story, we were going to run the video without editing it. So it seemed to us it would be especially awkward to run the video, in full, and then omit the vulgarities in the story. Spayd: Finally, several readers asked why The Times didn’t characterize Trump’s words as bragging about sexually assaulting women rather than just groping them, at least in initial coverage. What was the thinking about that?  Ryan: This is a really important point and one that we tried to highlight  —   I think the first version of the story described Trump as “pushing himself on women,” but also included a quote from Dawn Laguens, the executive vice president of the Planned Parenthood Action Fund, saying bluntly that this was sexual assault. Since the news of the tape broke, our stories have become more explicit in calling what Mr. Trump is boasting about “sexual assault. ” *** Here’s my view. It should be the extraordinary case when such words are used by The Times, but this is one of those cases. Trump is the Republican nominee for the president of the United States. He alleges to have sexually assaulted women, and the words used in this tape are propelling many members of his own party to abandon him, or at least to publicly condemn him. In all their vulgarity, these words could turn the election.",0
12597,Fontainebleau: A Forgotten Treasure - The New York Times,"You’ve visited the Louvre, Notre Dame,  . You’ve been to Versailles and perhaps even made a trip to the chateaus of the Loire Valley. Is there anything else of the same caliber near Paris for those who love the classic ideals of French architecture and decorative arts? The answer is a resounding yes: the Château de Fontainebleau. Far less familiar to travelers than Versailles, and drawing fewer than   the number of visitors who flock to the Sun King’s domain, Fontainebleau, 45 miles south of Paris, isn’t exactly unknown. But given its centuries of history at the center of the French monarchy, and the richness and variety of its buildings, inside and out, its relative obscurity is something of a mystery. No site in France can compare as a royal residence: It predates the Louvre itself by 50 years, and Versailles by five centuries. Nor is it a simple “chateau” as that term has come to designate a great country house held by a noble family. Fontainebleau’s singular attraction to an unbroken line of French kings spanning eight centuries was originally as a hunting lodge, perfectly situated at the edge of the ancient Forest of Fontainebleau  —   in effect, a royal game preserve. But as each king took up residence for two months of hunting every fall, the relatively modest medieval structure was added to, then added to again, by the sovereigns who brought their court with them to the vast forest. They developed a succession of structures and styles that span many centuries and yet  —   magically, convincingly  —   cohere in a pleasing whole. Some of France’s greatest architects  —   Philibert Delorme,   Gabriel and André Le Nôtre among them  —   fashioned buildings, courtyards, interiors and elaborate grounds, adding to what they found while resisting the impulse to replace or destroy. What greets the visitor today is the single greatest assemblage over time of French architecture and décor still in its original state. A word of caution: Fontainebleau is immense, and immensely varied. The roof alone has a surface area of five acres, and covers more than 1, 500 rooms. The gardens and outer grounds extend over 230 acres. Rather than trying to “do it all” in a single day, plan your time depending on your interests, which parts of the chateau are open on the day of your visit, and the weather. In the morning, ask about the special guided tours available that day they vary considerably, and can include Marie Antoinette’s Turkish boudoir, the imperial theater of Napoleon III, the private rooms of Napoleon I and Josephine, and others. Then arrange to take one of these tours (about an hour) and also pay the general admission of 11 euros (about $12) for a   tour of the public rooms. Audio guides are available, and the staff is used to   visitors. The chateau dates from 1137. Thomas Becket consecrated its original chapel in 1169, and Saint Louis himself (Louis IX, who was canonized by the church) founded a convent there in 1259 whose charge was to arrange for the ransom of Christian prisoners captured in Egypt by the forces of the Ayyubid sultan   during the   Seventh Crusade. However, most of what you’ll see dates from the early 1500s and later, when François I transformed the medieval fortress and hunting lodge into a royal palace, bringing the arts of the Italian Renaissance to northern France for their first full expression in a royal domain. The result is a unique amalgam of Italian exuberance and artistic genius joined to French subtlety and classical restraint. The rooms that date from the 16th century are among the most breathtaking in France, but their richness can be overwhelming. Take your time, and look carefully: elaborate frescoes and paintings, sculpted frames, coffered ceilings, carved wall paneling, faceted doors. Every single part of the environment was imagined as part of a pleasing whole your efforts will be rewarded when you begin to apprehend a decidedly French notion of elegance, suitable to its time. The   room that François I left is the gallery that bears his name, a remarkable passage, 200 feet long by 20 feet wide, that leads from what is now the front of the chateau to its inner recesses. It is said that the king kept the key to this inner sanctum around his neck, allowing only a few visitors to lay eyes on it, and you can understand why when you see the space. In all of France, there was nothing remotely resembling the effusions of splendor and carnal beauty that grace its walls. The work of Italian artists, including the architect Sebastiano Serlio and the master woodcarver Francesco Scibec da Carpi, the Galerie François I combines masterly frescoes,   stucco figures, elaborate wainscoting, delicate painting and gold leaf detailing. A series of powerful frescoes by Rosso Fiorentino illustrates stories from antiquity, drawing allegorical parallels to François as a great king. His emblem, the salamander, is everywhere, as is his royal monogram, “F. ” Each panel is surrounded by sumptuous stucco figures in white plaster that protrude from the wall, many of them the work of Francesco Primaticcio. The groupings mix female nudes, winged angels, satyrs, muscled heroes the effect is both sensual and entirely captivating. Resist the inclination to walk through this unique space as if it were just a fancy hallway. Take in the entire effect, and consider the views across the pond to the forest in the middle distance. When you imagine what the effect must have been in a France only recently emerging from the Late Middle Ages, the décor coheres and is deeply satisfying. It is one of the defining works of what is now known as the First School of Fontainebleau, and a recognized masterpiece of the Renaissance in northern Europe. The other   masterwork at Fontainebleau is the Salle de Bal, the ballroom, built by François’s son, Henri II, in 1558. Delorme designed the space, and Niccolo dell’Abbate and Primaticcio filled its massive bays with magnificent scenes of classical figures, resplendent in the rich hues of Italy. Its decoration is a startling mix of dramatic color (Italian frescoes again) and the exquisite reserve of the glorious woodwork on the ceiling and the walls and the vast patterned oak floor. Perfectly proportioned at the heart of the chateau, it looks out on the cobbled Oval Courtyard on one side and, on the other, across colorful beds of flowering plants worked in symmetrical patterns called “broderie” (embroidery) to the   forest. The walls and ceiling bear the coats of arms of Henri II and his wife, Catherine de Medici. Also present in thinly disguised form is the monogram “D” for the king’s mistress of more than 20 years, Diane de Poitiers. When Henri was fatally wounded in a jousting accident, he languished for 11 days before dying. Diane was kept from him by the queen and exiled from court at the moment of his death. The intrigues must have been endless, but the beauty of the surroundings makes you wonder if such considerations didn’t occasionally subside when the king was entertaining in this room. For centuries it has been used for ceremonies, parties and dinners. Even the Germans, who requisitioned the chateau for their army during World War II, used it for concerts by the Berlin Philharmonic at the beginning of their occupation of France. They then quickly sent film of the event back to the home front, showing another spoil of war to those in the fatherland. The figure most closely associated with Fontainebleau in our day is among the last in the long line of monarchs who lived there, Napoleon Bonaparte. His golden “N” blazes from the iron gate at the entrance in fact it was he who pulled down a wing of the chateau to open up the formal courtyard and make it more clearly the stately entrance to his palace. Among his many attributes can certainly be counted a showman’s flair for the dramatic. He famously referred to Fontainebleau from his last exile in St. Helena as “a house for the ages” and “the true abode of kings. ” Cynicism aside, there is real affection in those words, and a sense of how this chateau was a special retreat for so many French rulers. It is grand, yes, but not coldly solemn the way Versailles can feel. It’s not a coincidence that court members generally savored their annual visits: Protocol was greatly relaxed, the stables and forest were right out the back door, and a tradition of voluptuary delights  —   hunting for boar and deer, lovemaking, comfortable rooms  —   must have made it more of a true home for the king and his courtiers. This doubtless is the reason Marie Antoinette enjoyed her visits. After Versailles, it was an escape like no other available, a “house in the country” where the cinch of rules and expectations could be somewhat loosened. She left two small, deeply personal spaces here, each of them a splendid example of a “boudoir,” the private room that a woman of her rank would have had for stepping out of the public eye. The first is the Turkish boudoir, built for her in 1777 to the plans of Richard Mique, an Orientalist confection of a room set well away from the other royal apartments. Here she would entertain an inner circle of friends, enjoying her private retreat from court life. Napoleon’s Empress Josephine also loved this room, and had it refurnished after Marie Antoinette’s items were lost in the Revolution. You can visit it on private tours only. The other private space, sometimes called the silver boudoir, was offered to the queen by her husband, Louis XVI, in 1787, a mere two years before France drove the Bourbons from the throne. It, too, is rich in its details, though the conceit here is classical antiquity rather than exoticism. Coming near the end of the   tour of the royal apartments, it tends to be overlooked because it is small and not overly showy. Don’t make that mistake. Its spare furnishings and architectural details concentrate a form of refinement and elegance in French taste that was about to be eclipsed by events, never to reappear. The list of rooms and of the kings who built them is very long: Henri IV’s wing, as well as one of the few remaining intact indoor tennis courts (“Jeu de Paume”) in France Napoleon I’s opulent throne room Napoleon III’s jewel box of a theater and many others. Resolve to return and see them at your leisure. But don’t leave this extraordinary site without indulging yourself in a walk around the grounds. Wear sturdy shoes! Anyone who ventures across the cobbled courtyards wearing shoes with heels or stiff soles is asking for trouble. Louis XIV’s Grand Parterre, the vast orderly gardens that are said to be the largest in Europe, provides the perfect vantage point for looking back at the long and irregular mass of the chateau’s linked buildings. At once you see how a form of grandeur can develop not only from a unified vision in a single age, as at Versailles or Chambord, but also can evolve as an accretion of architectural detail over time, both varying and enriching the overall effect. This is part of Fontainebleau’s particular genius. On the other side of the distant wall of buildings lies a small hidden garden that epitomizes another of the chateau’s facets, this one less grand, more mysterious and unapologetically feminine: the Garden of Diana. Its scope is intimate and lovely, its meandering paths the opposite of formal symmetry and rumblings of glory. Pots of cascading red and purple petunias surround the fountain in summer, maples and willows grace the asymmetric stretches of perfect lawn, and mature pines flank the edges of the garden. At the focal point sits a fountain that could only be French, over which Diana the Huntress presides. Her bronze likeness, set above a stone basin, pulls an arrow from the quiver as she strides forward, a small deer bounding at her side. Four hounds and four stag heads are arranged above the pool. A sense of the tutelary spirit prevails  —   not just of the hunt, but of the ancient forest itself. This, too, is Fontainebleau. Walk those paths and see for yourself.",0
12598,Triathlete Says She Didn’t Cheat. Video Suggests Otherwise. - The New York Times,"I recently wrote about the Canadian triathlete Julie Miller, who was disqualified from the Ironman Canada race last summer and stripped of her   finish in her age group. Officials said it would have been impossible for her to complete the course as quickly as she claimed. Other athletes suspected her of cutting the course, possibly by failing to complete one of the laps in the   marathon, but no one could prove how she did it. Among other things, Miller finished the race without her timing chip, meaning that there was no information about her split times  —   interim times reflecting an athlete’s progress along the course. Miller emphatically denied the accusations. “I did not cheat in the Whistler Ironman competition,” she said in an email, “nor would I ever cheat or have I ever cheated in any competition. ” After The New York Times published the article, I was contacted by FinisherPix, a company that creates personal highlight videos for athletes competing in Ironman races using video from cameras positioned along the course. The company had six video cameras filming constantly along the marathon course at Ironman Canada  —   one at the start, four at the finish, and one at a point in the course that runners had to pass twice. FinisherPix shared its video with The Times to help determine whether Miller had completed the race fairly. The first camera was positioned at the start of the marathon, after athletes had finished cycling and were embarking on the next phase of the race. It shows Miller beginning her run exactly eight minutes behind Susanne Davis, a   triathlete who went on to win their age group, women ages 40 to 44, after Miller was disqualified. (Miller is identifiable by her bright   compression socks.) The second camera was positioned 3. 8 miles into the   course. Athletes were required to pass that point twice to complete the run, but the camera recorded Miller passing it only once  —   9 minutes 15 seconds before Davis passed it on her second lap. So, according to the video provided by FinisherPix, it appears that Miller skipped the first lap of the marathon course. We still have no way of knowing what she did during that time. But under this possible sequence of events, she   the race later, positioning herself far enough in the lead in her age group that she could go on to cross the finish line about five minutes ahead of Davis. I emailed Miller to tell her about the video and ask her if she could explain why it shows her passing the second camera just once. She did not respond.",0
12599,IPhone Users Urged to Update Software After Security Flaws Are Found - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   One of the world’s most evasive digital arms dealers is believed to have been taking advantage of three security vulnerabilities in popular Apple products in its efforts to spy on dissidents and journalists. Investigators discovered that a company called the NSO Group, an Israeli outfit that sells software that invisibly tracks a target’s mobile phone, was responsible for the intrusions. The NSO Group’s software can read text messages and emails and track calls and contacts. It can even record sounds, collect passwords and trace the whereabouts of the phone user. In response, Apple on Thursday released a patched version of its mobile software, iOS 9. 3. 5. Users can get the patch through a normal software update. Apple fixed the holes 10 days after a tip from two researchers, Bill Marczak and John Scott Railton, at Citizen Lab at the University of Toronto’s Munk School of Global Affairs, and Lookout, a San Francisco mobile security company. “We advise all of our customers to always download the latest version of iOS to protect themselves against potential security exploits,” said Fred Sainz, a company spokesman. In interviews and manuals, the NSO Group’s executives have long boasted that their spyware worked like a “ghost,” tracking the moves and keystrokes of its targets, without leaving a trace. But until this month, it was not clear how exactly the group was monitoring its targets, or who exactly it was monitoring. A clearer picture began to emerge on Aug. 10, when Ahmed Mansoor, a prominent human rights activist in the United Arab Emirates, who has been tracked by surveillance software several times, began receiving suspicious text messages. The messages purported to contain information about the torture of U. A. E. citizens. Mr. Mansoor passed the messages to researchers at the Citizen Lab, who confirmed they were an attempt to track him through his iPhone. This latest effort was far more sophisticated than what was found aimed at his devices before. The researchers found it was connecting to 200 servers, several of them registered to the NSO Group. Strewn throughout the spyware code were references to Pegasus, the name of an NSO Group spyware product. Citizen Lab brought in Lookout to help examine the code. Together, they discovered that the spyware relied on three previously unknown iOS vulnerabilities  —   called “zero days” because Apple didn’t know about them and had zero days to patch them. In many cases, the NSO Group had designed its tools to impersonate those of the Red Cross, Facebook, Federal Express, CNN, Al Jazeera, Google and even the Pokemon Company to gain the trust of its targets, according to the researchers. “NSO Group was very professional, and very effective in staying silent,” said Mike Murray, a vice president at Lookout. In recent years, zero day flaws have been traded among hackers, brokers, companies like the NSO Group, and spy agencies and law enforcement networks eager for ways to break into devices. Flaws in Apple’s iOS software are sold at a premium. Last year, a similar   exploit in Apple’s iOS software was sold to Zerodium, a Washington buyer and seller of   for $1 million. Earlier this year, James Comey, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, announced that his agency had paid hackers who found a way for the F. B. I. to crack into an iPhone used by one of the shooters in last year’s mass killings in San Bernardino, Calif. Neither the hackers nor the F. B. I. have told Apple how this was accomplished. Apple’s software update patches the NSO Group’s exploits, but it is unclear whether the company has patched the vulnerabilities used by the F. B. I. to crack into its iPhone. Apple recently began a “bug bounty” program to pay hackers who report vulnerabilities in its systems. Among the other NSO targets, besides Mr. Mansoor, were Rafael Cabrera, a Mexican journalist, who broke a story on conflicts of interest among Mexico’s ruling family. In several cases, NSO Group’s tools had been crafted to target users in Yemen, Turkey, Mozambique, Mexico, Kenya and the U. A. E. Zamir Dahbash, an NSO Group spokesman, said in an email, “The company sells only to authorized governmental agencies, and fully complies with strict export control laws and regulations. ” Mr. Dahbash added that NSO Group does not operate any of its systems and requires that its customers use its products in a “lawful manner. ” “Specifically,” he said, “the products may only be used for the prevention and investigation of crimes. ” He would not say if the software is used by government agencies in the U. A. E. or Mexico. In 2014, NSO Group sold a majority stake to San   private equity firm Francisco Partners Management LLC for $120 million. Francisco Partners declined to comment. Mr. Mansoor said in an interview that the discoveries were a sad reminder that no matter what he does to protect his devices and digital security, he will continue to be a target for companies that provide this sort of spying technology. “I guess I am their regular customer,” he said. “I am the guinea pig. ” Bill Marczak, the researcher at Citizen Lab who has been helping Mr. Mansoor protect his digital security, said that the surveillance experienced by Mr. Mansoor is likely to expand. “The targeting of these activists and dissidents is a taste of what’s to come,” Mr. Marczak said. “What they’re facing today will be faced by ordinary users tomorrow. ”",0
12600,Tom Fitton: Congress Won’t ‘Hold the Intelligence Agencies to Account in Any Significant Way’,"Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton talked on Friday’s Breitbart News Daily about the various hacking and wiretapping allegations to emerge from the 2016 presidential campaign. [Fitton agreed with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow’s contention that Trump “changed the debate” when he alleged surveillance resources were improperly used against him by the Obama administration.  “Many of us have been concerned not so much about the ‘unicorn theory’ of the election that the Left has been running, but about the fact that there was surveillance done of the Trump team, and then that surveillance  —   which was classified in part  —   was illegally leaked in an effort to destroy them,” Fitton said. “If suspicions are correct that it was Obama administration officials, former officials who leaked that information, then those individuals could go to jail,” he noted. “That’s how serious the leaks were. ” “By President Trump’s highlighting the fact that he was surveilled, allegedly personally  —   whether he’s right in the specifics or not, I don’t know, but I think he’s right generally in the sense that he was targeted with some type of surveillance, he and his team. Whether the surveillance was for other reasons and his team were picked up incidentally or not, that’s to be found out. But we do know that surveillance was misused, and in my view, if it was misused, maybe it was done for improper purposes, as well,” he said. Marlow noted that while mainstream media coverage strongly suggested an intensive investigation of Trump’s campaign was in progress throughout the 2016 election, with plenty of surveillance, officials and congressional committees are now saying no “wiretapping” was conducted. “Who’s right on this thing?” he asked. “I don’t even know what ‘wiretapping’ means,” Fitton replied, comparing loose use of the term with former President Bill Clinton’s notorious argument about the precise meaning of the word “is. ”  “Was there surveillance? Was there intelligence being gathered, and did it pick up either the Trump organization in terms of their internal communications or external communications, or his associates, either on the campaign or people close to him? That’s what the media had been telling us for months and months and months,” he pointed out.  “And now, the media wants to have their cake and eat it too, in the sense that once Trump said, ‘Hey, why was I being surveilled here?’ they said, ‘Oh, no, you weren’t being surveilled.’ Well, they had been reporting that people around him had been surveilled for months, and it, therefore, suggested collusion between the Trump people and Russia on the campaign. And now, we’re told, well, that’s not necessarily the case,” he said. “That’s why we’ve got, frankly, independent FOIAs and two lawsuits designed to figure out what was going on directly,” Fitton said of Judicial Watch’s perspective on the controversy. “I don’t trust Congress to get at it directly because I think the intelligence committees, generally speaking, aren’t going to really hold the intelligence agencies to account in any significant way. That’s why you need an independent third party like Judicial Watch asking these questions. ” Marlow turned to a flurry of recent court decisions by activist judges, including a block on President Trump’s executive order to suspend visas for six   nations and even a possible judicial order to double the number of refugees accepted into the United States. He noted Fitton has warned about a “judicial war” against Trump. “I think some judges are letting their concerns about Donald Trump get in the way of their judicial ” Fitton said. “A lot of these decisions seem more   than a traditional judicial decision that carefully applies the law. The analysis, for instance, in the Hawaii court about Trump’s concern about Islamic terrorism  —   it’s just one judge substituting his political judgment and policy disagreements with President Trump and mistaking that for the real law. ”  “This is something that judges aren’t supposed to do,” he noted. “You had five judges in the Ninth Circuit essentially call out their fellow colleagues on this, saying, ‘We’ve got to be careful here. We can’t let our policy disagreements or our concerns one way or another for President Trump color our  .’ That’s pretty extraordinary to say. ” “There’s this Deep State approach in the administration, the executive agencies, and the bureaucracies. That way of thinking is infecting too many judicial decisions related to the president’s executive orders,” he charged. Marlow said the Deep State has been   on Breitbart News Daily in recent days. He asked Fitton for his conception of the Deep State and how much of a threat it poses to President Trump’s agenda. “It’s the permanent bureaucracy. It’s the recent hires of President Obama, obviously. But we should recognize that individuals who are in government for 10, 20, 30 years aren’t in government because they’re tea partiers. They’re there because they like the idea of the government, generally speaking, any more than someone’s working at McDonald’s for 30 years because they hate McDonald’s,” Fitton replied. He said these lifetime bureaucrats “tend to have contempt for political appointees,” especially Republican political appointees. “With Trump, there’s a particular animus because they don’t think Trump deserves to be president, and so they’re going to fight him, and organize against him, and quote ‘resist’ him. ”  “You see it in this unholy alliance in the Hawaiian decision, where you have the DHS, you may recall, issues some sort of sketchy staff report undermining the president’s executive orders by suggesting we don’t have to worry about terrorism from these foreign countries that he’s concerned about, these six or seven countries. It wasn’t a final product. It wasn’t approved by anyone they just leaked it, and that report is being cited by the District Court judge in Hawaii as a reason to suggest Mr. Trump’s order was not valid. Isn’t that convenient?” Fitton said sarcastically. He said Judicial Watch was still working to resolve pending lawsuits for documents related to Hillary Clinton’s email server and various Obama administration controversies. “We had about 60 pending against the Obama administration on Inauguration Day, and when the president raised his hand, President Trump raised his hand and took the oath, they became against the Trump administration,” Fitton said.  “We’re still waiting for the Trump administration to come to power in many respects because currently on FOIA, nothing’s changed. They’re defending the Clinton emails as if Obama was running the show  —   a further example of the   in place,” he said. In addition to those   suits, Fitton said Judicial Watch is trying to monitor “lawlessness in the bureaucracies” and challenge bureaucratic mischief related to immigration, such as San Francisco’s “sanctuary city” policy and “the University of California’s illicit   tuition policy for illegal aliens. ” “On top of that, we’ve got the election fraud crisis, the voter fraud crisis that the president aptly highlighted. Those battles continue in states across the nation,” he said.  “The crisis caused by the Left’s attack on the rule of law has not abated in significant ways, and it frankly continues,” Fitton declared. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
12601,"Penguin Fan Stabbed in Head, Delays Hospital Trip Until After Game - Breitbart","Pittsburgh Penguins players will have a hard time justifying missing any   due to injury this postseason after learning what one of their fans endured, just to watch their Game 1 victory against Columbus. [On Wednesday night, police found a man bleeding from a cut on his scalp. It turns out the man, a 43   auto detail shop owner from Pittsburgh, had been stabbed in the head by someone with a screwdriver earlier that night.  Now, at this point most people would call it a night. Maybe say a prayer of thanks for still being alive, perhaps even seek some medical assistance to deal with the blood loss and possible infections that could result from getting stabbed in the head. But hey, it’s NHL playoff time, where normal goes to die. So, instead of seeking treatment for his gaping head wound, this happened: “Police said the victim refused treatment for the laceration from paramedics on the scene, stating he would drive himself to UPMC Mercy hospital at the end of the game,” according to The Guardian. I tweeted this last night. This is just amazing dedication to the Pens. Look at the last line. Unreal. pic. twitter.   —   Colin Dunlap (@colin_dunlap) April 13, 2017,  Pittsburgh won their series opening game against the Blue Jackets. But, let’s just hope this fan isn’t superstitious, because if he thinks he has to continue taking part in screwdriver fights in order for the Penguins to win, things could unravel very quickly. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn",0
12602,21 Things We’ve Learned About Hillary Clinton from Wikileaks That the MSM Won’t Share…But YOU Can!,"By Daisy Luther
Let’s talk about Wikileaks.
First of all, the organization was founded by Julian Assange back in 2006. Their website explains what they are all about:
“WikiLeaks specializes in the analysis and publication of large datasets of censored or otherwise restricted official materials involving war, spying, and corruption. It has so far published more than 10 million documents and associated analyses.”
In the 11 years that they’ve been publishing documents, they have not been disproven a single time. Their record for authentication is perfect. (Learn more here and here .)
So this means that a person would be pretty silly to disregard anything in the reams of information about Hillary Clinton, the Democratic Party, the Clinton Foundation, and the political shenanigans that would put the Machiavellis to shame.
Here are 21 of the most important things that have come out about Hillary Clinton, that unfortunately, no one is reporting on in the mainstream. In the interest of brevity, each topic has a link to an article that goes deeper into the leak. (In no particular order.)
John Podesta, the chairman of the Clinton campaign had a nice cozy dinner with Peter Kadzik, one of the top officials in the Department of Justice…the day after the Benghazi hearing . Kadzik’s son also asked for a job on the Clinton campaign, and, the icing on the corruption cupcake? Kadzik led the effort to nominate Loretta Lynch, who famously met with Bill Clinton on her private plane right before Hillary’s interrogation about Emailgate. ( source ) We all knew that the Clinton Foundation was just a way for the Clinton family to launder money, and now there’s proof. Zero Hedge writes, “…today’s Wikileaks dump included that memo which reveals, for the first time, the precise financial flows between the Clinton Foundation, Band’s firm Teneo Consulting, and the Clinton family’s private business endeavors.” A pundit called this leak “The Rosetta Stone of the Clinton Foundation,” meaning that with this document, all of their shady financial dealings could be unraveled and translated. ( source ) Clinton is unable to speak for very long without a podium to lean on . Numerous leaked emails reference how certain interviews have to be kept short because she’d be without one. And this article references a very interesting reason why this may be the case – surprisingly it isn’t related to her health. ( source ) The leaks also show that Clinton intends to do her best to restrict the Second Amendment. Brian Fallon, the national press secretary for the Clinton campaign, wrote, “ Circling back around on guns as a follow up to the Friday morning discussion: the Today show has indicated they definitely plan to ask bout guns, and so to have the discussion be more of a news event than her previous times discussing guns, we are going to background reporters tonight on a few of the specific proposals she would support as President – universal background checks of course, but also closing the gun show loophole by executive order and imposing manufacturer liability .” According to an analysis on The Daily Sheeple, “Imposing manufacturer liability means that after Sandy Hook, Bushmaster and Remington Arms would have been prosecuted for having a hand in the murder of children and school staff members for firearms that were legally sold.” ( source ) The campaign was concerned that the sexual escapades of Bill Clinton could be likened to those of another disgraced celebrity, Bill Cosby . Political operative Ron Klain sent an urgent email saying that Hillary should anticipate the following questions, ” How is what Bill Clinton did different from what Bill Cosby did? Is his conduct relevant to your campaign? You said every woman should be believed. Why not the women who accused him? Will you apologize to the women who were wrongly smeared by your husband and his allies?” ( source ) Clinton’s campaign deliberately leaked an embarrassing photo of a swimsuit-clad Bernie Sanders to the press, ironically insinuating that it was proof he was bought off by Wall Street. Perez Hilton wrote, “ Bernie Sanders lounges at elite Martha’s Vineyard pool, summer 2015 after helping raise money from Wall Street lobbyists .” ( source ) Clinton admitted she is out of touch with the middle class in a speech to Goldman-Black Rock in 2014. “And I am not taking a position on any policy, but I do think there is a growing sense of anxiety and even anger in the country over the feeling that the game is rigged. And I never had that feeling when I was growing up. Never. I mean, were there really rich people, of course there were. My father loved to complain about big business and big government, but we had a solid middle class upbringing. We had good public schools. We had accessible health care. We had our little, you know, one-family house that, you know, he saved up his money, didn’t believe in mortgages. So I lived that. And now, obviously, I’m kind of far removed because the life I’ve lived and the economic, you know, fortunes that my husband and I now enjoy , but I haven’t forgotten it.” ( source ) She made this rather NWO remark at a 2013 paid speech to Brazilian bank Banco Itau: “ My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders , some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.” ( source ) In a leak of yet another paid speech, this time to the Jewish United Fund of Metropolitan Chicago in 2013, Clinton said that Jordan and Turkey “ can’t possibly vet all those refugees so they don’t know if, you know, jihadists are coming in along with legitimate refugees.” Meanwhile, if Clinton has her way , we will be warmly welcoming 65,000 refugees a year, which makes Obama’s 10,000 a year look like small potatoes. ( source ) Clinton blackmailed the Chinese by telling them that the US would base missiles in the region if they didn’t exert some control over North Korean aggression. “ So China, come on. You either control them or we’re going to have to defend against them ,” she purportedly told the audience at a Goldman Sachs conference in June 2013. ( source ) In May 2015, Clinton was no longer Secretary of State but was ready to announce she was running for President when she was invited to attend a summit in Morrocco. The implication from the leaked emails was that a $12 million “donation” from the king of Morocco was dependent on Clinton attending the summit. Human Abedin, usually loyal to her boss, had concerns . “ If HRC was not part of it, meeting was a non-starter. She created this mess and she knows it. Her presence was a condition for the Moroccans to proceed so there is no going back on this,” Abedin wrote to Robbie Mook in a November 2014 email. Incidentally, Clinton didn’t attend. Bill and Chelsea went instead and the $12 million donation was not forthcoming. (source ) Podesta attacked Clinton’s primary election rival Bernie Sanders for criticizing the Paris climate change agreement. “ Can you believe that doofus Bernie attacked it? ” said Podesta. ( source ) Clinton told a Goldman Sachs conference she would like to intervene secretly in Syria . “ My view was you intervene as covertly as is possible for Americans to intervene,” she told employees of the bank in South Carolina, which had paid her about $225,000 to give a speech. “We used to be much better at this than we are now. Now, you know, everybody can’t help themselves. They have to go out and tell their friendly reporters and somebody else: Look what we’re doing and I want credit for it. ” (source ) There is indeed a definite link between the Clinton campaign and what MSM is allowed to say. The campaign has colluded directly with media spokespersons that read like a Who’s Who in American Media : Dan Merica from CNN, Haim Saban of Univision, John Harwood of CNBC and the NY Times, Rebecca Quick of CNBC, Maggie Haberman of NY Times and Politico, John Harris of Politico, Donna Brazile formerly of CNN, Roland Martin of TV-One, Marjorie Pritchard of The Boston Globe, and Louise Mensch of Heat Street. ( source ) As everyone knows, the DNC deliberately screwed Bernie Sanders out of the nomination ( Bonus: Wikileaks also released some of the DNC’s voicemails on the topic ). There are emails that prove who is actually pulling HRC’s puppet strings and that puppeteer is George Soros . The shadow government is not just a conspiracy theory – it really exists and Hillary’s job is to keep George Soros happy. ( source ) Excerpts from her speeches to Wall Street read like a guide to two-faced treachery. In them, she clearly points out that sometimes you “need” to lie. “If everybody’s watching, you know, all of the back room discussions and the deals, you know, then people get a little nervous, to say the least. So, you need both a public and a private position.” ( source ) Wikileaks emails show that back when she still worked for CNN and before she became an employee of the Clinton campaign, Donna Brazile gave Hillary the questions in advance for her “impromptu” CNN Town Hall questions. ( source ) The campaign got to “approve” articles in influential publications like NY Times, HuffPo, CNN, NBC, CBS, NYT, MSNBC, and Politico, showing a massive collusion with the mainstream media, who has hounded Trump relentlessly in an effort to distract from HRC’s abysmal candidacy. ( source ) Through the treasure trove of Wikileaks emails, we can gain an accurate picture of how Hillary really feels about us all (spoiler: basket of deplorables, basement dwellers and right wing conspirators) ( source ) President Obama knew the whole time that her emails were not coming from the secure State Department server. Cheryl Mills wrote to John Podesta, “W e need to clean this up – he has emails from her – they do not say state.gov .” You see, Obama’s emails all have to be from”whitelisted”addresses. So someone, somewhere, added her nonsecure email to his whitelist. ( source ) And finally, here’s the real reason that treacherous shrew is involved in politics. And let me tell you, it isn’t because she yearns to make things better for anyone but herself. (emphasis mine.)
At the Goldman Sachs Builders and Innovators Summit, Clinton responded to a question from chief executive Lloyd Blankfein, who quipped that you “go to Washington” to “make a small fortune.” Clinton agreed with the comment and complained about ethics rules that require officials to divest from certain assets before entering government. “ There is such a bias against people who have led successful and/or complicated lives, ” Clinton said. ( source )
Together, we cannot be ignored. I am on a mission between now and the Presidential Election on November 8th and I hope that you will join me. I am going to work day and night to provide the coverage that the mainstream media is not. It isn’t until we combine all of our voices that we can make people listen to the scandals, the rigging, and the corruption, not only in this election but in the system in general. Please join your voice with mine by liking, sharing, and spreading the word. Together, we cannot be ignored. Together, we are an army. Source: Daisy Luther 
",0
12603,Jesus Christ’s ‘Burial Slab’ Uncovered During Restoration,"posted by Eddie A burial slab believed to have held the body of Jesus Christ before he was resurrected has been uncovered for the first time in centuries by a restoration team in Jerusalem. The original limestone shelf, known as a “burial bed,” was exposed during the restoration of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre after being covered by marble since at least 1555 A.D. “It will be a long scientific analysis, but we will finally be able to see the original rock surface on which, according to tradition, the body of Christ was laid,” Fredrik Hiebert, an archaeologist involved in the discovery, told National Geographic . According to scripture, Jesus Christ was laid on the shelf in the tomb after dying at the crucifixion around 33 A.D. After three days his remains were discovered to be missing and Jesus was said to have appeared over a span of 40 days before ascending into heaven. The discovery was made by a team of scientists from the National Technical University of Athens (NTU) who were making restorations to the Edicule ( “little house” ), a structure which had been built around the tomb. Researchers now hope to study the original surface to better understand the original tomb and how it evolved to become one of the most sacred sites in Christendom. “We are at the critical moment for rehabilitating the Edicule,” Chief Scientific Supervisor Professor Antonia Moropoulou told National Geographic. “The techniques we’re using to document this unique monument will enable the world to study our findings as if they themselves were in the tomb of Christ.” The newly-uncovered surface was described as having a grey-beige stone surface. Also known as the Church of the Resurrection, its custody is shared between six Christian sects including the Greek Orthodox Church, the Roman Catholic Church and the Armenian Orthodox Church, whom together invited the NTU to undertake the restoration. At a cost of US$4 million, (€3.7 million) the restoration was not cheap, with major donors including Jordan’s King Abdullah II and Mica Ertegun, widow of Atlantic Records co-founder Ahmet Ertegun. From Around the Web Founder of WorldTruth.Tv and WomansVibe.com Eddie ( 8899 Posts ) 
Eddie L. is the founder and owner of WorldTruth.TV. and Womansvibe.com. Both website are dedicated to educating and informing people with articles on powerful and concealed information from around the world. I have spent the last 36+ years researching Bible, History, Alternative Health, Secret Societies, Symbolism and many other topics that are not reported by mainstream media.",0
12604,Dr. David Duke and Pastor Dankof discuss the Magnificent victory of Donald Trump against the globalist warmongers and criminals!,"Dr. David Duke and Pastor Dankof discuss the Magnificent victory of Donald Trump against the globalist warmongers and criminals! November 9, 2016 at 11:43 am 
Dr. David Duke and Pastor Dankof discuss the Magnificent victory of Donald Trump against the globalist warmongers and criminals! 
Today Dr. Duke and Pastor Mark Dankof discuss the historic victory achieved last night. Although Dr. Duke came up short amidst the most unfair and rigged system in his own bid for the U.S. Senate, there is no doubt that the Alt-Right movement that propagated Dr. Duke’s narrative far and wide was decisive in Donald Trump’s win last night. 
With just enough of our people having woken up in the nick of time, we can now avoid the global Armageddon that Hillary’s Zio handlers were lurching towards. But there is much work to be done. We need to build a wall and even more importantly repeal the 1965 immigration act. We need to build our own media so that the American voters are no longer fed lies and deceit unchallenged. And most of all, we need to “red pill” the public to the existence of Jewish domination of our society so that we truly can take back our country and Make America Great Again. 
Our show is aired live at 11 am replayed at ET 4pm Eastern and 4am Eastern. 
Click on Image to Donate! 
And please spread this message to others.",0
12605,Is a ‘False Flag’ Alien Invasion in the Works? Wernher von Bruan’s Colleague Seems to Think So,"As you’ve probably already heard, Wikileaks has been releasing the Podesta emails for the past few weeks. As with previous leaks, they expose massive amounts of corruption within the U.S. political system.
Some of the Podesta leaks include information about UFOs and extraterrestrials in the form of private emails.
One in particular was from Apollo 14 astronaut Dr. Edgar Mitchell, and it reads as follows:
Dear John,
Because the War in Space race is heating up, I felt you should be aware of several factors as you and I schedule our Skype talk.
Remember, our nonviolent ETI from the contiguous universe are helping us bring zero point energy to Earth.
They will not tolerate any forms of military violence on Earth or in space.
The following information in italics was shared with me by my colleague Carol Rosin, who worked closely for several years with Wernher von Braun before his death.
Carol and I have worked on the Treaty on the Prevention of the Placement of Weapons in Outer Space, attached for your convenience.
You can read the rest of the email straight from Wikileaks here , and also download the documents attached on the website. 
In the email, he mentions Carol Rosin, who was the first female corporate manager of Fairchild Industries. A space and missile defence consultant who has worked with various corporations, government departments, and intelligence communities, she worked closely with Wernher Von Braun shortly before his death, specifically on the subject of space-based weapons.
She also founded the Institute for Security Cooperation in Outer Space .
Below is a very telling interview with Carol that was conducted by Dr. Steven Greer , founder of The Disclosure Project . Greer accompanied Dr. Edgar Mitchell in all his communications and meetings with the Pentagon and has been instrumental in bringing forth hundreds of military whistleblowers of all ranks, with verified credentials and backgrounds, to share what they’ve learned about this phenomenon through their work.
In the interview, she brings up the idea of a false flag alien threat. The term ‘false flag’ describes covert operations that are designed to be misleading, to make it appear as though events are being carried out by entities, groups, or nations other than those who actually planned and executed them.
You can read more of our articles on ‘false flag terrorism’ HERE.
I met the late Dr Wernher Von Braun in early 74, at that time Von Braun was dying of cancer, but he assured me that he would live a few more years in order to tell me about the game that was being played, that game being the effort to weaponize space, to control Earth from space and space itself.
He asked me to be his spokesperson, to appear on occasions when he was to ill to speak, and I did. And what he asked me to do was to educate decision makers and the public about why we shouldn’t be putting weapons into space . . . and what the alternatives are, how we could be building a cooperative space system.
What was most interesting to me, was a repetitive sentence that he said to me over and over again. . . . And that was the strategy that was being used to educate the public and decision makers, and the scare tactics, the spin that was being put on the weapons system. And that was how we identify an enemy.
The enemy at first he said, the enemy against whom we’re going to build a space based weapons system . . . First the Russians are going to be considered the enemy . . . then terrorists would be identified and that was soon to follow . . . then we were going to identify third world crazies, we now call them nations of concern. . . . The next enemy was asteroids . . . [and] against asteroids we’re going to build space based weapons.
And the funniest one of all, was against what he called aliens, extraterrestrials, that would be the final card. And over, and over, and over during the four years that I knew him and was giving his speeches for him, he would bring up that last card.
‘And remember Carol, the last card is the alien card. We’re going to have to build space based weapons against aliens,’ and all of it, he said, is a lie.

Important Things to Remember About Government UFO Disclosure It’s a shame that mainstream media and Western governments have spread so much misinformation. People trust them implicitly, making it easy for them to twist the truth for their own ends. So even if they do offer official remarks about UFOs, it’s unlikely that they will be honest when doing so. If the ‘war on terror’ and the ‘war on drugs’ are any indication, we should be wary of anything they tell us about UFOs. But it should be clear to anyone who has researched this subject that powerful and influential people take it very seriously. Whatever information does get released will not be the whole of it.
Why do we always wait until the government or the media verifies something in order to believe it’s true? Why do we assume that anyone without these official credentials is lying, or crazy, or both? If we simply did our own research, we could come to our own conclusions and we wouldn’t be so easily fooled when these official sources lie to us. There is so much information out there and so much evidence to support not only the existence of UFOs but of extraterrestrials as well. We don’t need the government to tell us what is already apparent. We just need to do independent research and think for ourselves.
Is there a possibility that some powerful groups that control governments will use the extraterrestrial phenomenon to deceive the masses? Given everything we’ve seen with false flag terrorism so far, it certainly seems plausible.
That being said, a tremendous amount of resources would be needed, and if ‘others’ are indeed out there watching, perhaps the ‘real’ ones wouldn’t let that happen. Who knows?
What are your thoughts? Feel free to share in the comments section below.
I’ll leave you with this quote from one of Braun’s mentors, one of the founding fathers or rocketry and astronautics, Herman Oberth:
It is my thesis that flying saucers are real and that they are space ships from another solar system. I think that they possibly are manned by intelligent observers who are members of a race that may have been investigating our Earth for centuries. ( source )
To read some more of our articles on the subject, you can check out the exopolitics section of our website by clicking here .
",0
12606,Americans’ Hearing Loss Decreases Even With Ubiquitous Headphones - The New York Times,"As concern rises over the effect of continuous use of headphones and earbuds on hearing, a new paper by federal researchers has found something unexpected. The prevalence of hearing loss in Americans of working age has declined. The paper, published on Thursday in the journal JAMA Otolaryngology  —   Head  Neck Surgery, used data from the National Health and Nutrition Survey, which periodically administers health tests to a representative sample of the population. The investigators, led by Howard J. Hoffman, the director of the epidemiology and statistics program at the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders, compared data collected between 1999 and 2004 with data from 2011 and 2012, the most recent available. Hearing loss in this study meant that a person could not hear, in at least one ear, a sound about as loud as rustling leaves. The researchers reported that while 15. 9 percent of the population studied in the earlier period had problems hearing, just 14. 1 percent of the more recent group had hearing loss. The good news is part of a continuing trend  —   Americans’ hearing has gotten steadily better since 1959. Most surprising to Mr. Hoffman, a statistician, was that even though the total population of   to    grew by 20 million over the time period studied  —   and the greatest growth was in the oldest people, a group most likely to have hearing problems  —   the total number of people with hearing loss fell, from 28 million to 27. 7 million. Hearing experts who were not associated with the study said they were utterly convinced by the results. “It’s a fantastic paper,” said Brian Fligor, an audiologist with Lantos Technologies of Wakefield, Mass. which develops custom earpieces to protect ears from noise. “I totally believe them. ” “Initially, I was surprised,” said Dr. Debara Tucci, a professor of otolaryngology at Duke. “But then I thought about all the reasons why hearing loss might be declining. ” It is a long list including the closing of noisy factories, reduced use of medications like some antibiotics that can cause hearing loss, immunizations to prevent childhood illnesses like measles that can affect hearing, and better health in general in the population. In her region, Dr. Tucci said, many patients used to work in noisy textile factories, most of which are now closed. “I used to see a huge amount of   hearing loss,” she said. “I don’t see that so much anymore. ” Mr. Hoffman said  —   and others agreed  —   that although years of exposure to very loud noise can damage hearing, concerns that loud music being played through headphones is diminishing the hearing of a generation are as yet unproven. If there were a headphone connection, it might have shown up as an increase in hearing loss among people in their 20s, because the issue of people wearing headphones for extended periods of time has been around for more than decade. But people in their 20s had no more hearing loss than people that age a decade ago. “We are going to keep studying this,” Mr. Hoffman said. The study found that men  —   at all ages  —   were more likely to have hearing problems than women, and that the greatest risk factor for hearing loss was age. While the new data is gratifying, Mr. Hoffman cautioned that hearing loss remains a problem. “This doesn’t mean we have prevented hearing loss,” he stressed. “It just means it is delayed. ” Still, other researchers said the declining prevalence of hearing loss was part of a broad health trend internationally, with almost every major disease and disability on the wane and occurring later in life. The hearing loss data, said James Vaupel, director, Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research in Rostock, Germany, “is consistent with other research showing a delay in aging. ” “The evidence suggests that 70 is the new 60,” Dr. Vaupel said, “with health and mortality of    today being similar to the health and mortality trends of    half a century ago. ”",0
12607,The Oakland Fire: What We Know About the Warehouse Owner - The New York Times,"OAKLAND, Calif.  —   New York Times reporters are investigating the devastating fire that killed 36 people this month at a warehouse called the Ghost Ship in Oakland, Calif. We’re also doing something new: providing regular updates on our findings. Do you have information, advice or feedback? Send email to oaklandfire@nytimes. com.  The first update can be found here. Among the targets of our reporting is finding out about the owner of the sprawling warehouse that burst into flames on Dec. 2. Property records show that her name is Chor Nar Siu Ng and that she bought the building in 1988. Did Ms. Ng know anything about the dangers at the Ghost Ship? And if so, what did she do to fix them? For the past week, I’ve been trying to learn more about Ms. Ng, combing through records at the Alameda County  ’s office, interviewing people all over Oakland’s Chinatown  —   where she owns several properties  —   and trying to track down her children, who helped her run her businesses. So far, no one has found her. (The Los Angeles Times did speak with her daughter, Eva Ng, who said the family hadn’t known that anyone lived at the Ghost Ship.) Through documents and interviews, here’s what we’ve learned about Chor Nar Siu Ng: • First, Ms. Ng owns several properties in the Bay Area  —   roughly 10  —   most of which are in Oakland. She owns the warehouse that burned, at 1315 31st Avenue, as well as an adjacent lot to the south and an adjacent building to the north. That building houses a Boost Mobile store, a boutique called Moda and a   religious goods shop called Botanica 3 MMM. • Second, the city has spent years fining Ms. Ng for what it calls “nuisance or substandard or hazardous or injurious” conditions at the lot south of the warehouse and at the building to the north. While it’s difficult to determine exactly how much Ms. Ng has paid because of these conditions, tax records offer a clue: Between 2005 and 2014, Ms. Ng paid $26, 570. 20 in “code enforcement” fees to the city of Oakland for the lot next to the Ghost Ship. I’ve reached out to the city to ask about the specifics of what led to these fines. Messages were also left with two of Ms. Ng’s children, as well as with a lawyer named Gerard Lam, who represented Ms. Ng in a previous dispute with a tenant. There’s been no response yet. • Third, it’s clear that Ms. Ng had at least some presence in the warehouse area. Several people who used to live at the Ghost Ship have said Ms. Ng or her daughter would come by the warehouse, first alerting Derick Ion Almena, the man who rented the place from them. What’s not clear is whether the Ngs entered the building and saw what was inside: a   staircase, a blocked exit upstairs, webs of extension cords, propane tanks used to heat water and piles of flammable debris. Now that it’s evident that Ms. Ng has a string of properties around the city, it will be important to try to find her tenants. What did they think of how she ran her buildings? Did they feel safe? For about 20 years, Griselda Ceja and her family rented a portion of the building next to the burned warehouse. From there, Ms. Ceja ran a beauty salon she called Griselda’s. (The salon is still listed on Google Maps.) “She never took care of the building,” Ms. Ceja said. “We were scared. We were all scared. ” Ms. Ceja, 43, described troubling conditions: a circuit box and light fixtures that sparked as she dried customers’ hair. A blocked emergency exit. An aged electric system that failed constantly. There were also rats in the walls and holes in the floors. She wanted to go elsewhere but couldn’t afford to, she said. Ms. Ceja said she complained frequently to Ms. Ng and her relatives, communicating through letters, phone calls and text messages. After about a year, Ms. Ceja said, the Ngs added a second circuit box, an effort to stop the sparking. Ms. Ceja said she called the city once, about a decade ago, to complain about the rats. She said an Oakland official came by, but she didn’t press him to take action. “He said the building would close if he did something about it,” she said, “and everyone would go out of business. ” A request has been sent to the city for documents that would confirm this. Ms. Ceja suggested talking to Leo Barrera, who had worked with her at the salon, to verify her account. “We told them many times: ‘Please, if you could fix this, we need light, or water, or an emergency exit,’” Ms. Barrera, 36, said at her new beauty shop. “The most basic. Nothing more. We weren’t asking for luxuries,” she said. “In the case that the building caught on fire,” she added, “how would we have exited?” Did everyone have such problems? On Friday, I went to Chinatown, where at least three properties are in Ms. Ng’s name. Michelle Leung, a student at the University of California, Berkeley, who speaks Cantonese, came along to interpret. At a grocery, a Vietnamese restaurant and a building that houses the California Chinese Orchestra, no one knew her. But at Sum Yee Pastry, the owner  —   a man who would not give his name  —   said his family had rented from Ms. Ng for a decade. No major problems, he said, just a few leaks, which he fixed himself. Later, back at the scene of the fire, a woman named Rose Martinez, 31, was standing outside Botanica 3 MMM near tears. Her family started the business about 20 years ago, she said. The fire had caused considerable water and smoke damage, and the business is now closed. The Ngs had been good to them, she said, even letting the family skip rent one month after her father died. But the faulty electricity and the rats had been a real problem, Ms. Martinez said. Of the fire, she said, “losswise, I don’t know how to put it into words. ” WHAT’S NEXT: I’d like to speak with the Ngs, with any of their business associates, and with people who have lived and worked at their properties, as well as with more residents of the Ghost Ship. How often did they see Ms. Ng or her family members at the warehouse? And it’s important to hear from city officials about their interactions with the landlord. Lastly, all of this is a part of a larger question: Who will ultimately be held legally responsible for the fire? Could lawyers who’ve worked on other cases involving major fires provide any advice? P. S.: Readers, I want to know when the warehouse at 1315 31st Avenue was built and what it had been in past years. A canning factory? A dairy? The Oakland History Room, the Oakland Heritage Survey and the University of California’s Earth Sciences and Map Library have all provided some clues, but nothing definitive so far. Suggestions?  —   JULIE TURKEWITZ When we took on this project last week, we hoped for feedback from readers. What we got was well beyond our expectations: a torrent of tips, expertise, links to documents and anguished readers describing their experiences with the housing crisis in the Bay Area. Architects, fire marshals, lawyers, artists and concerned residents were among the hundreds of readers who wrote us, creating a trove of contacts for the reporters working on the project. Janet Van Ham, a photographer, wrote to describe precarious spaces that she has rented in Oakland. When I called Ms. Van Ham to follow up, she said she had an epiphany over the summer at her   loft in an old warehouse. “I remember thinking, ‘If there was a fire in here, how would I get out? ’” she said. “There was no safety plan, no enforcement. ” She moved out in August. Serena Elston, a carpenter and wood sculptor who lives in a loft in Fruitvale, the neighborhood where the Ghost Ship is, wrote about the plight of artists and the powerful but intangible sense of community in Oakland among them. I drove to Ms. Elston’s   converted warehouse with Jim Wilson, our San Francisco bureau photographer. Ms. Elston’s studio, filled with power saws and timber, has a sprinkler system. But we spoke about the many other people in Oakland who live more precariously. “It’s a don’t ask, don’t tell situation,” Ms. Elston said. “Let’s say you know your electrical system is super messed up. Are you going to call your landlord in? Is he going to fix it or kick you out?” We are grateful to all those who wrote, and we welcome more information as we continue the project.  —   THOMAS FULLER",0
12608,"Hillary Clinton: ""I'm Sick and Tired of the Negative, Dark, Divisive, Dangerous Vision and Behavior” of Trump Supporters","Videos Thursday, 03 November 2016 Hillary Clinton: ""I'm Sick and Tired of the Negative, Dark, Divisive, Dangerous Vision and Behavior” of Trump Supporters Email 
Now that her coronation appears to be escaping her grasp, Democrat Party presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton is showing another side of her personality . On Tuesday night a heckler interrupted her speech, waving a sign that read “Bill Clinton is a rapist.” Her response, instead of showing her usual controlled aplomb and restraint, surprised the crowd at its intensity and ferocity. Pointing at the offender and shouting at the top of her voice, Clinton exploded: I’m sick and tired of the negative, dark, divisive, dangerous vision and behavior of people who support Donald Trump! 
The protestor was immediately led away and his sign was torn apart. It turned out that the protestor was vying for a cash prize being offered by Alex Jones of InfoWars.com to anyone appearing either on television or at a Clinton rally chanting “Bill Clinton is a rapist” and wearing a t-shirt bearing the same slogan. 
NBC News tried to downplay the interruption, noting that while other protestors have shown up at rallies featuring President Obama and Bill Clinton himself, they are bringing attention to “decades-old allegations from three women who accuse Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct. The former president has denied all of the allegations.” 
The video of Hillary’s outburst is here: 
There’s an old saying, “A measure of a person is the size of the thing that gets her goat.” Hillary’s goat, in the form of a protestor interrupting her speech, was sufficient to expose how close to the edge Hillary lives when things don’t go her way. 
TNA contributor Selwyn Duke has posted numerous verbal tirades from Clinton on his website, none of which are acceptable to be printed here. They do, however, reflect the mental instability of an individual behaving like a child when her candy is taken away. Her foul mouth shows the degree of corruption from which she suffers, as explained in James 3:5,6: Likewise, the tongue is a small part of the body, but it makes great boasts. Consider what a great forest is set on fire by a small spark. The tongue also is a fire, a world of evil among the parts of the body. It corrupts the whole body, sets the whole course of one’s life on fire, and is itself set on fire by hell. 
Jesus Himself said it best of all: What goes into someone's mouth does not defile them, but what comes out of their mouth, that is what defiles them. 
Clinton has spent nearly her entire adult life seeking power. Now that the ultimate prize — once so close she could taste it — is escaping her, the real Hillary is being exposed. 
An Ivy League graduate and former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American magazine and blogs frequently at LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. . 
Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
12609,"Practical Tips for Surviving a Hurricane, Learned the Hard Way - The New York Times","Four years after Hurricane Sandy, my condominium development at the Jersey Shore is finally fully back. Many of the residents around us in Ortley Beach  —   a Toms River beach town that was described as New Jersey’s “ground zero” in the hurricane  —   are still struggling through recovery, and some have abandoned their efforts and property. No one who was affected by that storm  —   or Hurricanes Katrina or Andrew or any other big natural disaster  —   will look at an approaching storm without deep trepidation. Here are some tips, learned through experience. ■ If they tell you to get out  —   get out. You put emergency crews in danger if you refuse to leave, and once the storm hits, your window of opportunity to leave is minuscule. ■ If you insist on staying, have a logical, achievable escape plan, and set a threshold for activating it. If you wait until the last minute, it will be too late, as an acquaintance of mine learned: He and his son had to jump out of an   window, into the rising sea, and swim for their lives to a condominium development farther inland, where they kicked in a door and rode out the storm on the third floor. ■ Water rises swiftly and is more powerful than you can imagine. See anecdote above. ■ If you are in the evacuation zone and staying  —   or if you are just outside the zone  —   find a place in your home that can withstand extreme wind. Relatives of mine locked themselves in an inner bathroom during Hurricane Andrew, holding the doorknob for dear life when the wind died and they opened the door, there was nothing left of the rest of the house, but they were unharmed. ■ Put your important papers, your wallet, your purse and any jewelry that you hold near and dear into your safest space (someone online suggested a washer, dryer or refrigerator). Put other valuables, like family photographs, in tightly wrapped garbage bags and place them somewhere off the floor. You will need those papers to put your life back together after the storm. ■ Have numbers for your insurance company programmed into your cellphone (and make sure it is charged). ■ If you have loved ones in a nursing or an   facility, or a hospital, get cellphone numbers and other contact information so you can check on them after the storm passes. If the facility does not contact you to share its storm plans, make sure you pin them down before it hits. ■ Many insurance companies will fight you tooth and nail on your claims. Document your valuables before the storm and be meticulous in keeping track of your losses and recovery expenses. Then be prepared to devote a large part of your life to fighting for what’s due. (Hopefully, this will not happen to you, but it did for far too many people I know). What are your tips? Let us know by leaving a comment.",0
12610,Top Ten Interesting and Fun Facts About Toilet Paper,Currently Trending In Your Area Currently Trending In Your Area ,0
12611,U.S. War Policy Has Created The Multi-polar World,"U.S. War Policy Has Created The Multi-polar World   Brandon Turbeville, Activist Post 
As the United States squanders the enormous good will and respect it once had by marching forward on the tired legs of a dying empire, the U.S.’ enemies-of-its-own-making are beginning to forge new alliances that might not have been a reality had the U.S. at the very least pursued a strategy of positive reinforcement and cooperation as opposed to a policy of tension, pillage, and war. 
The first major crack in the iron curtain of the Anglo-American world hegemon started becoming apparent with the emergence of the U.S. destabilization and proxy war against Syria. While the NATO/American proxy war has left hundreds of thousands of Syrians dead, hundreds of thousands more displaced, and destroyed much of the Syrian infrastructure as well as crippled the Syrian economy, another result of American policy in Syria is that it has strengthened and even created alliances that otherwise may not have existed not only between Middle Eastern countries but European, Asian, and African nations as well. 
Unfortunately for the United States, these new alliances of its targers were created out of a political, economic, and military necessity by which to survive the Western onslaught of destabilization, sanctions, and war aimed at these respective nations. Thus, if the West wanted to break resistance to its hegemonic system, it has managed instead to encourage the opposite. 
While already an axis of mutual interest, the crisis in Syria has resulted in the strengthening of ties between Syria, Iran, and Hezbollah. Not only a strategic alliance, this arc of resistance has solidified ties that are slowly pulling Iraq away from the influence of the United States. Indeed, the Iraqis are still tethered to the United States due largely to bribery, deception, economic threats, and the decreasing dependency on the United States for military assistance to combat ISIS. 
Syria itself is spreading its wings as it mops up America’s terrorists. Reaching out to not only the nations of the resistance axis and Russia, it is reaching out and solidifying relationships with Russia and China as well as with other European and African nations like the Czech Republic and Egypt. 
Likewise, if the ties between Iran and the Houthis were not strong enough before the U.S.-backed, Saudi-led coalition, they certainly are now. Despite no credible evidence that Iran is providing weapons to the Houthis, there is little doubt that the Iranians are providing whatever support they can in whatever form that can take and that they will do so in the future. 
Russia, of course, factors in as the biggest and most important player in the strategic realignment with its insistence (which has come as a result of the U.S. aggression across the planet) in the emergence of a “multi-polar” world. Russia’s reunification with Crimea, support of the Ukrainian rebels, as well as its support of Syria is only the tip of the iceberg. A growing cooperation with China and with a host of other nations throughout the world – by virtue of the carrot as opposed to the stick – is rapidly drawing more and more nations into the Russian fold. 
Iran, too, having not expressed a desire for empire nonetheless is now beginning to express interest in stretching its muscles and expanding its own influence. How much of this newly expressed desire is innate and how much is simply a necessary act of self-defense against and encroaching war machine that sees Iran as next in line for destruction is unclear. The fact that it is happening, however, is not in doubt. 
These new alliances may not have ever taken shape and solidified had the United States not insisted on acting as the battering ram for the Anglo-American system across the world and squandered all the respect and good will that existed for it in so many nations. The U.S. could easily have won many nations over by using positive reinforcement and enticement such as development, higher living standards, and peace. Instead, it has bombed, burned, bribed, and destabilized itself across the globe to the point that it has become the number one threat to world peace, a reality that is being acknowledged by more and more countries by the day. 
What could have been the greatest force for peace, stability, democracy, and high living standards has been utterly squandered into being the greatest force for the opposite. If the United States continues down this path of imperialism, it will soon find itself not only hated the world over, but collapsed, weak, and bitter while the nations it has targeted in the final days of its war push have united against it. We can only hope that they have more restraint, good will, and compassion than what the U.S. has shown to them.  ",0
12612,Trump Supporter Jailed for Trying to Rig the Election By Committing Voter Fraud,"By Sarah Jones on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016 at 9:04 pm So Donald Trump's warnings about almost non-existent voter fraud were right after all. The only problem is that it was a Donald Trump supporter who committed voter fraud by voting twice. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
So Donald Trump’s warnings about almost non-existent voter fraud were right after all. 
The only problem is that it was a Donald Trump supporter who committed voter fraud by voting twice. 
Terri Lynn Rote, 55, was booked into jail Thursday on a felony charge of first-degree election misconduct after being arrested for suspicion of voting twice, according to the Des Moines Register . 
Authorities say the registered Republican cast two electoral ballots in Polk County. She was held in jail on a $5,000 bond and released Friday. 
Terri Rote caucused for Donald Trump: Terri Rote plans to caucus tonight for @realDonaldTrump down on the east side of Des Moines pic.twitter.com/dMdeH7sX0V 
— Leigh Munsil (@leighmunsil) February 1, 2016 
This does make it pretty awkward for Republicans, especially Trump supporters who’ve been told to “monitor” areas where liberals and Democrats vote, which is actually called voter intimidation and is also against the law. 
In fact, Donald Trump’s unfounded claims that the election is rigged got the Republican Party sued for voter intimidation. And now one of Trump’s own supporters is arrested over voter fraud. 
Makes sense.",0
12613,"Graft Allegations Grow Against François Fillon, French Presidential Hopeful - The New York Times","PARIS  —   New embezzlement allegations emerged on Wednesday against the French   presidential candidate François Fillon, adding uncertainty to an already tightly contested election. Mr. Fillon’s campaign was thrown into turmoil last week after Le Canard Enchaîné, a weekly newspaper that mixes satire and investigations, reported that his wife, Penelope Fillon, was paid with taxpayer money for a bogus job as a parliamentary assistant to her husband and his deputy in the National Assembly, the lower house of Parliament. On Wednesday, the newspaper published new accusations, reporting that Ms. Fillon had held the bogus job for even longer than initially reported  —   from 1988 to 1990, between 1998 and 2007 and finally from 2012 to 2013  —   and that she had been paid 831, 440 euros, or nearly $900, 000, much more than the figure published last week. Mr. Fillon, a former prime minister, won primary elections in November to become the candidate for the   Republicans party. But the allegations have seriously damaged his presidential bid, and the French media, which until last week portrayed him as the favorite, is now openly wondering who might replace him if he drops out of the race. The allegations are especially damaging for Mr. Fillon because he has pledged to reduce wasteful spending and has fashioned himself as a stern and honest politician, untouched by the corruption scandals that have plagued some of his opponents. Le Canard Enchaîné also reported that Mr. Fillon paid two of his five children as parliamentary aides when he was in the Senate, the upper house of Parliament, from 2005 to 2007. In an interview on French television last week, Mr. Fillon said that he had hired them temporarily for their expertise as lawyers. But the French news media was quick to point out that the children, his oldest daughter and a younger son, were not lawyers at the time, only law students, and Le Canard Enchaîné reported on Wednesday that they were paid a total of €83, 735 as   parliamentary aides, or over $90, 000. Under French law, it is not illegal for members of Parliament to hire relatives as aides, provided that the work is genuine. But the initial report in Le Canard Enchaîné prompted prosecutors in Paris to open an investigation to determine if Ms. Fillon actually did the work. Investigators have searched Mr. Fillon’s office at the National Assembly and questioned his wife and him, as well as Marc Joulaud, Mr. Fillon’s former parliamentary deputy. Mr. Fillon has denied wrongdoing and has said he would only drop out of the race if placed under formal investigation and charged. His supporters have mounted a confusing defense of Ms. Fillon, with some suggesting, for instance, that she was never seen in Paris because she worked exclusively in Sarthe, the region of France that Mr. Fillon represents. Others suggested the opposite. Antonin Lévy, Mr. Fillon’s lawyer, was mocked on social media for suggesting that the work of a parliamentary aide was not always “tangible. ” The investigation is also focusing on Le Canard Enchaîné’s report that Ms. Fillon was paid €5, 000 a month from May 2012 to Dec. 2013 by La Revue des Deux Mondes, a political magazine owned by Marc Ladreit de Lacharrière, a wealthy friend of Mr. Fillon’s. Ms. Fillon is suspected of having done little besides a handful of short literary reviews. Speaking to   lawmakers on Wednesday, Mr. Fillon accused his opponents on the left of orchestrating an “institutional coup” and asked his colleagues stay loyal to him, according to French news reports. Thierry Solère, a Republican lawmaker who is also a spokesman for Mr. Fillon, said later that “nobody” would prevent Mr. Fillon from reaching the first and second rounds of the presidential election. But others in the party openly questioned Mr. Fillon’s candidacy on Wednesday. Georges Fenech, a Republican in the National Assembly, told France Info radio that the situation was “very, very compromised. ” “I think I am saying out loud what many, many lawmakers are thinking to themselves,” he said, calling for top party officials to designate a new candidate. “We can’t just watch like the orchestra on the Titanic, and continue to play while the ship sinks,” he said. In France, any number of candidates can run in the first round of voting, but only the two top   make it to the runoff. This year, the first round is set for April 23, and the runoff for May 7. An internet poll by the Elabe polling institute, published on Wednesday for Radio Classique and the newspaper Les Échos and conducted before Le Canard Enchaîné’s new allegations, found that Mr. Fillon, who was the favorite in the elections until last week, would not make it to the second round. The French left is deeply divided, and the candidates who have benefited the most from Mr. Fillon’s drop in popularity are Emmanuel Macron, a former economy minister under the current Socialist government who is running as an independent, and Marine Le Pen, the head of the   National Front party. Ms. Le Pen is facing her own allegations of financial misconduct at the European Parliament, where her party is accused of paying its staff members with European Union funds, which can only be used for parliamentary aides. Ms. Le Pen is refusing to repay the €300, 000 that the European Parliament is seeking to recover.",0
12614,Critics Decry Surveillance of Canadian Journalist as Part of “Horrifying” Culture Shift,"By Nadia Prupis Canadian free speech advocates slammed recent revelations that Montreal police tracked a journalist’s cell phone calls, text messages, and locations in an... ",0
12615,ALERT!!! ALERT!!! ALERT!!! World war 3 start at 7:00pm NOV 8 2016 in RUSSIA,source Add To The Conversation Using Facebook Comments,0
12616,"PICTURES: MILO Defies Protesters, Administration In March On UC Davis - Breitbart","Hundreds of people turned up today to join Breitbart Senior editor MILO in a march across UC Davis after their event on campus was cancelled last night due to violent protests.[  As hundreds of MILO and Martin Shkreli fans turned up to greet the dynamic duo as they marched on the UC Davis campus to protest the   speech activists who shut down last night’s event, the same fascist protesters arrived in an attempt to cause trouble.   Despite the protesters best efforts, MILO was still surrounded by hundreds of fans (and more than a few members of the press) who roared their approval.       Watch a livestream of the event below. ",0
12617,Untitled,"Untitled   A decade ago, “truthiness” and fact-checker ratings like “Four Pinocchios” and “Pants on Fire” weren’t part of the political vernacular. Disagreements   
Michel  ",0
12618,"From Bataclan to Street Cafes, Paris Is Quiet but Resolute as It Mourns on Anniversary of Attacks - The New York Times","PARIS  —   No bells tolled. No fists were raised. No sirens blared. Instead, a penetrating silence enveloped Paris on Sunday morning as thousands of people across the city massed under a leaden sky for the anniversary of the deadliest terrorist attacks in France’s postwar history, a year to the day after they shook the nation. In somber ceremonies at the Stade de France, the Bataclan concert hall and cafes where Islamic State militants unleashed synchronized assaults, massacring 130 and leaving hundreds wounded, President François Hollande stood amid heavy security before survivors, victims’ families, medics and throngs of the grieving to unveil marble plaques memorializing those whose lives ended abruptly last Nov. 13. Mr. Hollande, too, remained silent. He arrived at each site without making a speech and quietly lifted the blue, white and red French flag, the Tricolore, from the grim tableaus to reveal the names of the dead, which an announcer then read off one by one. For the survivors and the victims’ families, it was a moment to gather, take measure of their grief and seek to move past it. For many French citizens, as well as foreigners who were present at the massacres and returned to Paris during the weekend in a show of solidarity, it was an attempt to overcome trauma, despair or anger, and to push forward with heads held high. As the day went on, thousands of people made their way to the Place de la République, a central rallying point in Paris, lighting candles and piling flowers on the pedestal of an immense bronze statue of Marianne, the personification of the French Republic. Posters were raised around the city, emblazoned with the Latin words “Fluctuat nec mergitur,” the ancient slogan of Paris, which translates to: “It is tossed by the waves, but does not sink. ” “This is a coming together for remembering  —   but also to forgive,” said Mark Colclough, a psychotherapist based in Copenhagen who was near the cafe La Bonne Bière when the terrorists stormed its terrace and   five people before continuing their rampage across the city. Mr. Colclough attended a memorial there before making his way to a ceremony at another cafe, La Belle Équipe, to support a friend who had escaped death as the assailants mowed down 19 people around her. “What’s remarkable is that there’s no hatred, no anger here,” he said as flowers and candles piled up at a makeshift shrine. “There’s a very deep feeling of humanity. ” The ceremonies took place a day after the Bataclan reopened to the public for the first time since three terrorists entered with assault rifles and killed 89 concertgoers at close range. The death toll reached 90 after one of the wounded died. Headlining the hall’s reopening was the British musician Sting, who said the concert and the concertgoers had “two jobs: to remember those who lost their lives in the attack a year ago and to celebrate the life, music, which this historic concert hall represents. ” He ended by saying, “We will never forget them. ” In a city where memorial plaques abound, reminding citizens of deportations during the Holocaust and assassinations of major French figures, the placement of Nov. 13 plaques will prove a constant reminder of another grave and pivotal moment in French history. “Every day, we have to walk by a plaque when we go to school, or when we go buy our groceries, or we go out for a drink,” said Matthias, who lives near Le Carillon and Le Petit Cambodge, two other cafes struck by the terrorists, and declined to give his last name. “It’s here. We can’t deny that it happened. It’s necessary. ” On Sunday, others called for tolerance and freedom, as Prime Minister Manuel Valls announced that the government might prolong a state of emergency imposed after the attacks. That policy was extended after an assailant affiliated with the Islamic State used a truck to kill 84 people in Nice on Bastille Day in July it includes heightened surveillance of French citizens and an increased military and police presence around the country. Michael Dias, whose father died when one of three suicide bombers at the Stade de France detonated an explosive vest, urged the government to combat stigma and division, warning that doing otherwise could fan the flames of hate. “If we wish to live in liberty, we need to practice tolerance,” he said in a speech. For others, however, no measure of reconciliation seemed possible. Patrick Jardin, whose daughter, Nathalie, was killed at the Bataclan while attending a concert by Eagles of Death Metal, said the anger would never leave him. He and several other relatives of victims refused to participate in the commemorations on Sunday, calling them useless. “We cannot respond to Kalashnikovs with candles,” Mr. Jardin said in an interview with France Bleu Nord radio. “I was told that with time, the pain would fade. But it gets worse every day. ” The reopening on Saturday was the first chance for the public to see the Bataclan since the attacks, although the families of those who died and the survivors had been invited back twice before: after it was cleaned up, and after its renovation. The orchestra pit and bar were crowded, and so was much of the balcony. Despite Sting’s exhortation to embrace normal life, much has changed in Paris. Entering the Bataclan and many public buildings and museums in Paris now almost uniformly requires bag searches, if not body searches. At the Bataclan on Saturday, there were two sets of police checkpoints and an additional identification check inside. Searches are now an accepted part of life even on entering larger supermarkets in Paris. Many of those in the audience appeared to have some connection to those who were at the concert last year. One of them was Georges Salines, the father of Lola Salines, a    who died in the attack. A thin,   man wearing a beret, he started an association for the families of victims of the attacks and for survivors. “It was of course the worst day of my life, and immediately I decided I had to do something, because the organization, at least as far as the information process was concerned, was terrible,” Mr. Salines said. “I wanted to help fix it,” he said, and that was what prompted him to start 13onze15: Fraternity and Truth. The name 13onze15 signifies the date of the attacks. “I am convinced that in order to fight terrorism and to win, we have to build a more friendly society, and on a lot of levels we have to be inclusive,” he said. “If we rely only on the military and the police, we will fail. ” At La Belle Équipe, Mr. Colclough was hoping for a similar future. “I really wish that our politicians would see the trials we have as a society together and see that as a humanitarian movement, of us moving together,” he said as a fine rain began to fall. “We need to have forgiveness and reaching out,” he said, “rather than a closing down. ”",0
12619,Exclusive: Foreign Isis Fighters Defend Mosul Frontline as Locals Flee,"  
Foreign fighters for Isis are choosing to stand and fight the Iraqi army in east Mosul, while the group’s local militants are crossing the Tigris river with their families to the more defensible western side of the city, a former jihadi has told The Independent . 
In an exclusive interview, the fighter, who calls himself Faraj, described scenes of growing chaos and an apparent breakdown of discipline among Isis forces in Mosul. He said that local fighters seeking to leave the east of the city, which Iraqi forces entered on Tuesday, were being stopped at checkpoints and cross-questioned by Isis security officers, whom he said were mostly Libyans and much feared for inflicting severe punishments. On this occasion, he said that “fighters accompanied by families are being allowed to cross the bridges to the west bank, while individuals are being sent back to the front line”. 
Faraj said he had a cousin who left Raqqa, the de facto Isis capital in Syria, four months ago and had gone with his family to live in east Mosul. His cousin was not fighting on the front line, but was manning checkpoints and carrying out other activities for Isis. Nevertheless, when the Iraqi army entered Gogjali district on the extreme east side of Mosul, he found himself at the front with 15 other fighters, but they later retreated over one of the five bridges that span the Tigris and took up positions in the Yarmouk neighbourhood on the west bank. 
He said that imams in the mosques were calling over loudspeakers for people “to stay and resist the apostates and unbelievers”. But their pleas were being ignored by many as the anti-Isis forces backed by US-led air strikes close in on Isis’s last great stronghold in Iraq. Faraj quotes his cousin as saying that that “thousands of civilians on the eastern bank were fleeing and seeking safety with the Iraqi forces without our men [Isis] preventing them because some of them were also running away though others continued to fight.” 
Faraj’s account of the confusion inside Mosul, which remains overwhelmingly under Isis control, confirms reports from other eyewitnesses of a partial breakdown of order, particularly in the east of the city. He adds that “most local fighters who had families have withdrawn from the eastern bank, but most of the foreign fighters have stayed”. 
There are signs that Isis’s iron control of Mosul may be eroding, but it is still a force to be feared as it seeks to eliminate anybody who might oppose it. Some 90 former police officers have been detained and confined in a school in central Mosul. There are reports of local resistance units ambushing and assassinating Isis officials and small groups of fighters. Heavy weapons have been evacuated from east Mosul to the west and defensive positions by the bridges abandoned, suggesting that Isis intends to blow up the bridges. 
Residents speak of little movement on the streets of Mosul with people keeping to their houses. Markets are still operating in the west, but there is a shortage of petrol, food and medicine and no public supply of electricity and drinking water (though many people have generators and others have dug wells). 
The main assault on Mosul by the Iraqi army forces will come from the south rather than the east, and here army units are still some 20 miles from the city. But the encirclement by the different elements in the shaky alliance looking to take part in the siege is getting tighter. The Shia paramilitary forces known as the Hashd al-Shaabi, or Popular Mobilisation Units, on Thursday cut one of the main Isis supply routes linking Mosul to Syria. Hadi al-Amiri, the leader of the Shia Badr organisation, said that the next step would be to cut the route between Mosul and the small city of Tal Afar, whose Sunni Turkman population is notorious for its past support for Al-Qaeda in Iraq and later for Isis, several of whose leading commanders and officials come from there. 
As the struggle for Mosul reaches a crisis point, the leader of Isis and self-declared caliph Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has emerged for the first time in almost a year to issue a call to arms. The tape of his speech was released late on Wednesday night, but it is not known when or where it was recorded. He calls on his followers to obey orders and to remain resilient and aggressive: “Oh you who seek martyrdom! Start your actions! Turn the night of the disbelievers into day.” He calls for a general attack on the territories of the enemy so their blood will “flow like rivers”. He calls in particular for attacks on Turkey and Saudi Arabia. 
Baghdadi is believed to be in Mosul according to multiple sources of information cited by Fuad Hussein, the chief of staff of the Kurdish President Massoud Barzani, in an interview with The Independent earlier this week. He said that the death of the self-declared caliph would be a decisive blow to Isis, which has no alternative leaders with anything like his authority and charisma to replace him. It was he who in June 2014 declared the caliphate after the surprise capture of Mosul by Isis. 
At the height of its success the caliphate covered an area the size of Britain, but it has prepared its own defeat by declaring war on much of the world. The outcome of its extreme belligerence, and targeting of anybody who did not agree with it as an enemy to be destroyed, has produced the present diverse coalition which is moving to besiege Mosul. It includes forces backed by the US, Iran, Turkey and many other powers along with Shia and Kurdish armies that in the past have come close to fighting each other. Though Baghdadi has called for all-out resistance, there is an air of desperation to his defiance as if he knows that defeat is unavoidable. (Reprinted from The Independent by permission of author or representative)",0
12620,Cartel Human Smugglers Increase Fees in Trump’s Wake,"President Donald Trump’s tougher border security and immigration enforcement plans have driven up human smuggling fees being charged by   coyotes. [“We are seeing an increase in the fees charged by human smugglers along the U. S. southwest border,” Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary John F. Kelly said in a written statement obtained by Breitbart Texas. “Since Nov. 2016, ‘coyotes’ have hiked their fees in some areas by roughly 130 percent —  from $3, 500 to $8, 000 in certain mountainous regions. ”  Kelly attributed the increased fees charged to newly implemented changes in DHS policy regarding the detention of apprehended aliens. “As directed in my memoranda implementing the President’s executive orders, we remain committed to carrying out fair, impartial and humane enforcement of the nation’s immigration laws,” Kelly wrote. Coyotes have become dependent on human smuggling fees, often earning as much from smuggling people as drug runs. Breitbart Texas reported in the days before the November 2016 Election,   smugglers were using the contest as a “marketing tool” to get people to travel in advance. “The cartel uses what happens in the U. S. as a marketing tool in Central America,” McAllen Mayor Jim Darling said during an exclusive interview with Breitbart Texas. “The need is there (in Central America) but what happens in Washington and the way the news media presents it, they (cartels) say you better get up here. So that causes the surges. We”ll see what happens after the election to see if it slows down. ” After the election, it did not slow down. The months of November, December, and January, all saw increases in apprehensions compared to the same months in the prior year. Following the release of December’s numbers showing a large increase in apprehensions, particularly in the Rio Grande Valley Sector, Supervisory Border Patrol Agent Marlene Castro said, “We’re not a deterrent because they’re looking for us, so we can be standing there and [the smuggler will] still send them across,” during an interview with Fox News Channel’s William La Jeunesse. “It’s been a group, and then maybe five minutes later another group, and then half an hour later you’ll see another one. ” With the swearing in of President Trump in January, the numbers finally began to subside. While still higher than January 2016, the numbers were down from December. The first full month of the Trump Administration brought a dramatic drop in migrant apprehensions between ports of entry along the southwest border. Apprehensions not only dropped from January to February they dropped to the lowest level of any month in the past five years. “The drop in apprehensions shows a marked change in trends,” Secretary Kelly said. “Since the Administration’s implementation of Executive Orders to enforce immigration laws, apprehensions and inadmissible activity is trending toward the lowest monthly total in at least the last five years. ” “Since President Trump took office on January 20, we have seen a dramatic drop in numbers,” Kelly stated. “We will remain vigilant to respond to any changes in these trends, as numbers of illegal crossings typically increase between March and May. However, the early results show that enforcement matters, deterrence matters, and that comprehensive immigration enforcement can make an impact. ” “The decrease is also encouraging news because it means many fewer people are putting themselves and their families at risk of exploitation, assault, and injury by human traffickers and the physical dangers of the treacherous journey north,” the DHS secretary concluded. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
12621,House Campaigns Hit Fundraising Records Due to ’Trump Effect’ - Breitbart,"U. S. House campaigns on both sides of the political spectrum hit fundraising records in the first quarter of 2017, according to findings from the Federal Election Commission. [Donors gave a record $96. 1 million in the first quarter of 2017, a 45 percent increase over the previous record of $66. 2 million raised in the same amount of time two years ago, Bloomberg Politics reported.  The maximum contribution amount stayed the same for both periods of time. Republicans raised $49. 8 million, while Democrats raked in $46. 3 million. The reason for this surge in fundraising on both sides can be attributed to President Trump’s first actions as president on immigration, cutting regulation, tax reform, and healthcare reform.   groups have seen a surge in demonstrations and fundraising to fight against Trump’s efforts as president, but conservatives have also seen a boost in fundraising during the first few months of the Trump administration. “Heightened partisanship is good for fundraising,” said Michael Beckel, manager of research, investigations, and policy at Issue One, a group that advocates limiting the role of money in politics. “Republicans and Democrats are trying to keep their donor bases active at the dawn of the Trump presidency. ” But the biggest surge in fundraising has come from   donations. House campaign committees for both parties received a total of $13. 7 million in donations from   donors who gave $200 or less. President Trump has also benefited from   donors, who propelled him to victory in 2016 and helped him raise $13. 2 million for his 2020  .",0
12622,Pirates’ Andrew McCutchen: Red Sox Fans Weren’t Racist Earlier in the Season - Breitbart,"TMZ Sports spoke with Pittsburgh Pirates star center fielder Andrew McCutchen about Boston Red Sox fans yelling racial slurs at Baltimore Orioles center fielder Adam Jones last week.  McCutchen said he played at Fenway Park for the first time earlier this season and did not experience any racism from the fans. “Everyone was pretty cool, pretty normal,” McCutchen stated. The reporter then asked McCutchen about New York Yankees pitcher CC Sabathia saying all black players “expect” racism in Boston. “[E]veryone has different experiences in different divisions,” he said. “CC’s been around longer than I have and he’s played in different divisions, so he probably experiences a lot more than I have. I’m sure he probably just expects that that’s going to happen. You hate that you have to think that way, but sometimes that’s part of it and you just gotta turn the other cheek and move on. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
12623,A ‘Menagerie’ That Fulfills a London Dream - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   Without fanfare or flourish, the   Cherry Jones has calmly established her place as one of the major stage actresses in the United States. She has won two Tony Awards, received an Emmy for her role as President Allison Taylor in “24,” and earned rave reviews both on and off Broadway. But she had appeared in just one production in Britain  —   at last year’s Edinburgh International Festival, in John Tiffany’s production of Tennessee Williams’s “The Glass Menagerie. ” As Amanda Wingfield  —   a desperate single mother trying to hold on to her alienated son, Tom, and find a viable life for her disabled and shy daughter, Laura  —   Ms. Jones triumphed both in the production’s original run on Broadway in 2013 and in Edinburgh. She was “an Amanda that may someday be spoken of with the awe that surrounds Laurette Taylor’s creation of the part nearly 70 years ago,” the critic Ben Brantley wrote in The New York Times after the Broadway opening. Now Mr. Tiffany (who directed the hugely successful “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child” in London last year) has brought that production to the Duke of York’s Theater in London’s West End, where it opened this week. (Michael Esper and Kate O’Flynn will play Tom and Laura, with Brian J. Smith as the Gentleman Caller.) There, Ms. Jones, 60, has finally made her London debut, some 40 years after she created a folder and named it “My Career on the British Stage. ” In a Skype call from Paris, Tenn. where she grew up, Ms. Jones talked about her early desire to act, her initial resistance to the role of Amanda and her growing love for the character. Here is an edited and condensed version of the conversation: Is there any reason that you’ve never performed in the West End? No, not really. It’s strange, because I have always wanted to work in England, I didn’t care where. My mother was a teacher of English and American literature, and she lived and breathed all things British. I first went there when I was 14. My parents had saved up and we went for the most wonderful two weeks, traveling all over. Afterward, I made a folder titled “My Career on the British stage. ” So you knew very early that you wanted to act? I never wanted to do anything else. I was always creating wonderful adventures with my neighborhood friends, assigning roles to people. My family was very supportive. And it all went pretty smoothly. I never had tremendous ambition, I was just thrilled to be in a repertory company, and when I came to New York and could work Off Broadway, or get little movie roles, I would feel so fortunate. Given your Southern background, Amanda Wingfield seems like a natural role for you. But you have said in interviews that you never wanted to play her. Why? I think I had a Southern chip on my shoulder. I felt she didn’t speak to me, I didn’t know who this woman was. I auditioned for the role of Laura several times, but I was too large. Then John Tiffany and I met through a mutual friend, at the time that my sister and I were clearing our family home here in Paris, Tennessee. I was telling John about the letters from my mother that I had found, and he said: “We’re going to work together and you are going to be my Amanda. ” Once you began to study the part, how did you feel? The moment I spoke her words in a reading, I knew who she was. I had grown up with her not quite with women in her situation, but women in dire straits. I am the last generation who really remembers those Southern women they had an elegance and nobility, and a real charm and style. When I was about 10, they were in their 70s and 80s, and I was mesmerized by the way they moved and spoke. For a long time I thought “war” was spelled “wawa” because of the way they said it. And the way they smelled, a lovely light powdered smell and the slight mustiness of mothballs, and hot chocolate and cheese biscuits. It was heaven. The language too, is so spot on. Every idiom, the musicality of it, is perfect. So perhaps your resistance to playing Amanda came from that closeness? Yes, perhaps I felt protective of those women, that the play was too exposing. When I did the first reading  —   with Michael Esper, who then came to the show for Edinburgh and now again in the West End  —   he made me understand the play and the family in a way I hadn’t before. I saw the possibilities in what he did with his role the love and gentleness he had. This isn’t a family that hate each other. They love each other, and we wouldn’t care, otherwise. Then John Tiffany seemed to understand the tone of each scene so beautifully. I didn’t realize what a loving, fearless woman Amanda is. She has to push her children, cajole, charm. I have never felt a woman more determined. Perhaps Tennessee Williams was creating the fighter that he would have liked his mother to be. This will be your third run in this production. Has your interpretation changed since the first Broadway season? I think it’s just the longer you do the part, the richer the memories get. What I mean is that I have her memories I can see those carriage rides in the country, those afternoons with the gentlemen callers. And I do believe there were 17 of them, and half of them were gay! No one had any money, they had a bit of  ’s silver and bought her some cotillion dresses, and the gay boys and straight boys would come over and they would drink sherry and have a rollicking good time. Philip Roth, the novelist, said that when writing, he can get to a point when he is not creating, he is just remembering his character’s memories. It’s like that.",0
12624,"After Russian Ban, I.O.C. President Addresses Antidoping Efforts - The New York Times","The president of the International Olympic Committee on Tuesday addressed problems with global antidoping efforts, which are led by officials from his organization. Tacitly acknowledging that the current structure was rife with conflicts, he ordered a complete rethinking of it. “We want to make the antidoping system independent from sports organizations,” the I. O. C. ’s president, Thomas Bach, said at a meeting of global sports officials in Switzerland. “The antidoping system has some deficiencies. ” A New York Times investigation this month found that the World   Agency, the global watchdog for sports doping, was hampered by politics and possible conflicts of interest. For years, the agency’s leadership failed to pursue allegations of widespread cheating in Russia. Many within WADA had varying views on the organization’s core purpose, some seeing it as more of a passive coordinator than a proactive policing authority. The organization is jointly funded by national governments and sports organizations, including the I. O. C. Its decision makers are government and Olympic officials, people who might not be inclined to reveal doping transgressions that could mar the integrity of the Games or discredit athletes from their countries. “We’re not going to turn to people and say, ‘These are the rules obey them,’” the agency’s current president, Craig Reedie, told The Times. Mr. Reedie, who is also an I. O. C. vice president, said WADA had not investigated   tips from inside Russia because the agency did not have explicit authority to do so until 2015. Mr. Bach, designating WADA as the leader in the global antidoping effort, said, “Everybody has to understand better who is doing what and who is responsible for what. ” Mr. Bach called on WADA to strengthen its investigative abilities. Last week, in the wake of the Times report, WADA announced that it was hiring a director of intelligence and investigations, Günter Younger, who currently leads the cybercrime unit in a division of the German criminal police. Mr. Bach said an Olympic summit meeting set for Oct. 8 would focus broadly on how to improve the antidoping system, and he called on WADA to convene an international meeting on the topic next year. Mr. Bach also expressed support for last week’s decision by the International Association of Athletics Federations, the ruling body of track and field, to bar Russian track and field athletes from the Rio Olympics. He openly questioned the integrity of athletes from Russia and Kenya, another country where antidoping efforts have been found lacking. But Mr. Bach suggested amending a key detail of the ruling against Russian athletes while emphasizing that specific sports federations had supreme control. The I. A. A. F. said Friday that only Russian track and field athletes who had been living outside the country and subjected to rigorous drug testing could petition to compete in Rio  —   and for a neutral team, not for Russia. Mr. Bach said, however, that Russian athletes who cleared that high hurdle could possibly compete under the Russian flag, and he defended the integrity of Russian Olympic officials. “The Russian Olympic Committee is not suspended,” he said, calling the organization ”very helpful in clearing up the difficult situation in Russia. ” After the announcement, the I. A. A. F. reiterated its belief that any Russian athletes who were cleared to compete “on an exceptional basis” should not compete on behalf of Russia. The organization said it planned to work with Olympic officials “to ensure the decision is respected and implemented in full. ” Russia has been accused of a     doping program extending across sports, although most investigations have been limited to track and field. Russian sports officials have apologized for doping problems but denied state involvement. In a statement on Tuesday, the Russian sports ministry expressed support for the I. O. C. ’s decision. As recently as this month, WADA said, Russian sports officials helped athletes evade drug testing, and federal customs agents and members of Russia’s Federal Security Service tampered with doping samples and intimidated drug testers. Responding to an outcry from athletes wanting broader inquiries, Mr. Bach on Tuesday called on the 27 other organizations overseeing summer Olympic sports  —   from gymnastics to weight lifting  —   to individually scrutinize athletes from Russia and Kenya and assess their ability to compete in Rio in six weeks. The allegations against Russia and Kenya, he said, “put very serious doubts on the presumption of innocence for athletes coming from these countries. ” The I. A. A. F. noted on Tuesday that a majority of athletes from Kenya competed in track and field. The organization said that Kenya’s runners were subject to rigorous testing and that their doping samples had been examined in Qatar and Stockholm in recent months. (Africa’s only   testing lab was decertified this year.) “This does not mean we can guarantee that all Kenyan athletes are clean,” an I. A. A. F. spokeswoman said. “We cannot give such guarantees for any country’s athletes. But we can be confident that an effective testing regime is in place. ” Any athlete who may take issue with a sports federation’s decision can appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport in Switzerland, Mr. Bach noted. He said he had learned that Russian athletes or the Russian Olympic Committee would probably file an appeal regarding the track and field decision. “That is the good right of everybody,” he said. WADA disciplined the national antidoping programs in Russia and Kenya in the wake of news media reports that called their integrity into question. For a country to be declared noncompliant by WADA means little, but depriving a nation’s antidoping operation of WADA’s endorsement is a strong signal to the I. O. C. and sports federations. Russia’s sports ministry said Tuesday that its track and field athletes were prepared to undergo a minimum of three extra drug tests before the Olympics. But last week, Rune Andersen, a former WADA official and the current chairman of the I. A. A. F. committee that is monitoring Russia, expressed skepticism about athletes’ ability to prove definitively that they were untainted by a possible   doping program. The former antidoping lab director in Russia has described a sophisticated system whereby athletes on drugs avoided testing positive. “Two or five or 100 negative tests do not mean an athlete is clean,” Mr. Andersen said. “History has shown that is not the case. ”",0
12625,Peter Thiel On Trump,"  Recipient Email => 
I earnestly recommend that everyone watch Peter Thiel’s 13-minute address at the National Press Club this morning. He hits a number of nails on the head. 
A few at random: 
[ At 1m08s ] The truth is, no matter how crazy this election seems it is less crazy than the condition of our country. 
Thiel checks off some of the craziness: the national debt, healthcare costs, student loans, income stagnation, … 
And wars : 
[ At 2m52s ] While households struggle to keep up with the challenges of everyday life, the government is wasting trillions of dollars of taxpayer money on faraway wars. 
Right now we’re fighting five of them: in Iraq, Syria, Libya, Yemen, and Somalia. 
Which is the more enthusiastically pro-war party? The Democrats! 
[ At 7m55s ] Yet even after these bipartisan failures, the Democratic Party today is more hawkish than at any time since it began the war in Vietnam. 
What’s the root problem? Optimism ! 
[ At 8m55s ] For a long time our elites have been in the habit of denying difficult realities. 
Why is Trump the solution? 
[ At 10m54s ] Nobody would suggest that Donald Trump is a humble man; but the big things he’s right about amount to a much-needed dose of humility in our politics. 
Very unusually for a presidential candidate, he has questioned the core concept of American exceptionalism. He doesn’t think that the force of optimism alone can change realities without hard work. 
Just as much as it’s about making America great, Trump’s agenda is about making America a normal country. 
The only nail whose head Thiel leaves un -hit is immigration. This is a bit odd, as there is probably no other single issue that accounts for so much of Trump’s popular support. 
It’s somewhat less odd to those of us who recall Thiel taking up an interest in the immigration issue some years ago, then quickly dropping it as, apparently, too radioactive. 
We at VDARE.com are bolder; which is one reason — although, so be sure, a very minor one — why we have much, much less money than he does. 
It is none the less heartening to see a successful entrepreneur speaking so clearly and eloquently in support of Trump. Watch the whole thing on YouTube . (Reprinted from VDare.com by permission of author or representative)",0
12626,"Congolese Politician, Jean-Pierre Bemba, Sentenced to 18 Years for War Crimes - The New York Times","PARIS  —   A former vice president of the Democratic Republic of Congo,   Bemba, was sentenced on Tuesday to 18 years in prison for crimes against humanity and war crimes committed by militiamen under his command during a   rampage of looting, rape and murder in the Central African Republic. The sentence, handed down by an international panel of judges in The Hague, is considered significant for a number of reasons. Notably, Mr. Bemba was convicted even though he was far away from the militia fighting under his orders and was not present during any of the war crimes the court said he was culpable because of his command responsibility. He should have halted or prevented the crimes, the judges said. Mr. Bemba, who is now 53, was a businessman and scion of a prominent Congolese family before rising to the vice presidency  —   successful, rich and believed to be untouchable. In 2002, he sent an expeditionary force of his political party, the Congolese Liberation Movement, into the Central African Republic to help put down a military coup there. Though Mr. Bemba rarely visited the troops, the judges at the International Criminal Court in The Hague found that he closely monitored their activities, and convicted him in March. Sylvia Steiner, the presiding judge in the case, read out a summary of the court’s reasoning at the sentencing on Tuesday, saying that Mr. Bemba’s “knowledge of the crimes was unquestionable. ” He did more than tolerate them, he deliberately “encouraged attacks on civilians,” the judge said. The force of about 1, 500 militiamen rampaged through towns on their path, claiming afterward that they had been poorly paid and that they were rewarding themselves by raping and pillaging. The sentence given to Mr. Bemba heavily emphasized the militia’s unrelenting campaign of rape, “committed throughout the operation,” against women and men, adults and children. The judges cited instances of gang rape, and took note of the lasting physical and social harm that rape victims suffered, including stigmatization, ostracism and disease. Because of the large number of rapes and what the judges called their particular brutality, rape as a war crime and a crime against humanity received more weight in sentencing even than murder  —   18 years for the   charges, with concurrent sentences of 16 years for murder and pillaging. Prosecutors had asked for a   sentence, and may appeal the sentence as too lenient, experts following the case said. Victims’ groups had asked for Mr. Bemba to be sentenced to the maximum possible penalty, without citing a specific figure. Mr. Bemba had already been detained for eight years before and during his trial, so he would presumably now have 10 years left in his sentence if it stands at 18 years. It has been customary at international tribunals to deduct   of the total sentence, so Mr. Bemba may be eligible for early release in as little as four years. Largely because of pressure from human rights advocates and women’s groups, organized or mass rape is increasingly being recognized and prosecuted as a weapon of war rather than as a byproduct of war. Other international courts have convicted defendants of rape as a war crime and a crime against humanity, but Mr. Bemba’s was the first such conviction by the International Criminal Court. In two earlier cases involving Congolese warlords, instances of rape were widely reported but not prosecuted. In another twist, Mr. Bemba and four associates, including his former lead lawyer, are on trial in a parallel case at the same court, charged with trying to bribe witnesses in the war crimes case. Hearings in the    trial have been completed, and a verdict is expected later this year. Witness tampering has become a major issue at the court, with allegations of bribery or intimidation occurring in almost every case so far. Some critics have called the contempt prosecution against Mr. Bemba and his associates a waste of time and resources, but lawyers who follow the matter say the court wanted to send a strong message by pursuing it. In Kinshasa, the capital of Congo, members of Mr. Bemba’s political party, which he still heads, criticized the sentencing on Tuesday. “We will continue, and we will never cease, denouncing the selective justice of the I. C. C. ,” Eve Bazaiba told a few hundred supporters, according to Reuters. Géraldine   of Human Rights Watch said the sentence offered a measure of justice to victims in a country where armed groups have preyed on civilians with impunity for more than a decade. Ms.   who recently visited the Central African Republic, said that “many grave crimes, including the systematic use of sexual violence, remain unpunished” both there and in Congo. More than 5, 000 civilian victims participated in the court proceedings and may be awarded reparations payments. Judge Steiner said the court would deal with reparations in a separate ruling.",0
12627,Hillary Is Elected President,"Monday, 14 November 2016 ""What just happened?"" 
In a miraculous and purely patriotic act, the Electoral College, a group of officials no one has ever really seen, have decided that it would be in the best interest of the nation and the world, to dissolve their group and allow the majority of voters, (over two million more voted for Hillary Clinton) to elect the next President of the United States, former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton. 
Seeking approval from the highest court in the land, the measure to dissolve the Electoral College was immediately swift-boated to the Supreme Court, where in a miraculous and patriotic act that would be in the best interest of the nation and the world, the measure passed with a majority vote of seven to one. Justice Alito dissented. 
Whoopee! 
Who says that justice and intelligence isn't alive, and still a beating heart in the United States of America? 
Larry David's Curb Your Enthusiasm theme song used on the John Oliver November 13th program, best describes the mental machinations moving about in the brain of Donald Trump. No 'Whoopee' cheer from Trump Tower. 
In Marlon Brando fashion, from the On The Waterfront film, Trump is saying to Rudy Giuliani, ""... You was my brother, Rudy, you shoulda looked out for me... I coulda been president. How can they dissolve something nobody's seen and make crooked Hillary president?"" 
At her home in Chappaqua, New York, Hillary is in the process of being revived from a medically induced four-year coma, which is shared by the entire electorate who voted for her. She is also in the process of being measured for an inaugural red, white and blue pantsuit, designed by Ralph Lauren, and questioning, ""What just happened?"" 
It was explained to the new president elect, that in a miraculous and patriotic act for the good of the nation and the world, the Electoral College has dissolved itself, with the approval of the Supreme Court, and the election will be instead decided by the unanimous vote of the people. 
""You are Madame President."" 
""He has a court date for Trump University next week."" 
Read more by this author:",0
12628,A Tax Overhaul Would Be Great in Theory. Here’s Why It’s So Hard in Practice. - The New York Times,"House Republicans have an ambitious plan for overhauling the way American businesses are taxed. A short list of the plan’s potential benefits looks awesome: It would give companies more incentive to keep jobs in the United States, less to overextend themselves on borrowed money and provide vast savings by reducing what companies spend on tax lawyers, who help them game the current system. Yet these changes could also set off a cascade of more harmful effects. The plan could shift trillions of dollars of wealth from Americans to foreigners set off an emerging markets financial crisis wreak havoc in global oil markets and cause sustained harm to the American higher education and tourism industries (including, as it happens, luxury hotels with President Trump’s name on them). Welcome to the real world. The tax code has been flawed and inefficient for a very long time, precisely because fixing it could be so terribly disruptive. In a nutshell, the corporate tax issue provides an excellent case study of the problem of “path dependency” in public policy. The United States might well have a better, more efficient tax code today if, starting a century ago, lawmakers had designed it so that businesses were taxed on where their sales and expenses take place, as the Republicans’ plan calls for. But that is not what happened. Instead, lawmakers took what seemed to be a logical approach: They focused on taxing businesses on their profits. Today, that choice shapes arrangements in every corner of the economy. It affects the values of currencies and financial assets. Every business has devised its structure and organization to maximize its advantage within the existing system. Given all that, any fundamental change in the corporate tax code will create powerful ripples  —   some quite predictable, others less so  —   across the business and financial landscape. Essentially, for a politician trying to decide whether to support the new legislation, the question boils down to whether you think the potential   gains are big enough to justify the probable   and   disruptions. A closer look at the disruptions that moving toward a “  cash flow tax” would create makes clear why it would be no small event. The tax has a feature called “border adjustment,” under which exports are not taxed but imports are. That, at first glance, may seem to penalize companies that import goods, like retailers, and subsidize those that export, like makers of jumbo jets. But economists believe the change in the tax code would lead to shifts in the currency markets that offset those moves, namely to a sharp rise in the value of the dollar compared with other currencies. The most vigorous opponents of the plan include retailers and consumer goods companies, which worry that currency adjustments won’t fully offset the damage they will suffer (they have a newly formed group fighting it, Americans for Affordable Products). But beyond the obvious problems, the proposed change in the tax code would cascade through the economy in many other ways. A 25 percent rise in the value of the dollar, the most widely used currency on the planet, would have enormous consequences. Supporters think the dollar will rise that much if the plan is enacted  —   indeed, it must happen, to avoid sticking Americans with much higher prices for imported consumer goods. But according to calculations by Michael J. Graetz, a Columbia law professor, a currency shift of that scale implies that Americans who hold foreign assets would lose $6. 1 trillion, and foreign holders of assets in the United States would gain as much as $8. 1 trillion. Meanwhile, because the dollar is the world’s benchmark currency, many businesses and governments outside the United States borrow in it, especially in   countries where confidence in the domestic currency is low. That means that a steep   in the value of the dollar generally makes those debts more onerous, and causes big trouble for countries including China, South Korea and Turkey. Consider that the Asian financial crisis in 1998, the Latin American crisis in 2001 and an emerging markets slump in 2015 all had their roots in debt problems and a spike in the dollar. What’s more, global markets in oil and other commodities are priced in dollars, so a dollar spike could unleash    reactions from commodity producers. Oil would become much more expensive, and oil price shocks have helped set off recessions in the    past. Perhaps the most   consequence of such a tax overhaul  —   which would, presumably, be signed by President Trump  —   would be the damage to the tourism and education sectors in the United States. These businesses would have a serious problem, unlike conventional exporters  —   companies that ship things overseas, say. For the exporters, the disadvantages caused by a   in the dollar would just cancel out the advantage received from changes in the tax system. But businesses that are not exporting anything across the border would suffer from the damage of a more expensive dollar without receiving advantages from border adjustment. As Stan Veuger of the American Enterprise Institute has noted, that applies to any organization that serves a large number of foreign customers within the United States’ borders. Think of, say, a Trump international hotel, or amusement parks like Disney World, or any American university that bolsters its finances with foreign enrollment at   tuition. All of these sectors would see their prices rise because of the dollar   without any countervailing tax benefit. Lest any of these ripple effects seem like academic abstractions, keep in mind that tax changes can have powerful spillover effects. Some obscure provisions around depreciation rules in the 1986 tax reform act set off a downturn in the commercial real estate industry that, in turn, was a major factor in the 1990 recession. The problem of policy path dependency isn’t limited to the tax system, of course. The Obama administration faced it when it began to overhaul the health care system eight years ago. Many liberals argued that the United States should move toward a   system in which the government pays for all health care, called a   system. The Obama team saw that approach as appealing in theory, but too disruptive in practice so many Americans had become accustomed to receiving health insurance through their employer that it didn’t seem feasible to make a wholesale shift to a new and, perhaps, more efficient system. In other words, decisions that lawmakers made decades or even a century ago have essentially locked us into ways of doing things, as the cost of changing looms more heavily than the potential benefits of trying something different. And people who have much to fear from a change tend to be louder than those who have something to gain, a central dynamic that tilts policy in the United States toward   conservatism. All of this is frustrating for anyone who believes that the existing system, whether for corporate taxes or health care, is broken and needs radical reform. But the bigger the change, the bigger the side effects.",0
12629,Chart of The Day: Massive Asset Deflation Ahead,Chart of The Day: Massive Asset Deflation Ahead  ,0
12630,Comment on Hillary Clinton On New FBI Probe: ‘I Would Urge Everybody To Get Out & Vote Early!’ by Tonya Parnell,"In light of a renewed FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton’s secret email server , Clinton urged voters to rush to the polls and vote for her ASAP. 
“I would urge everybody to get out and vote early in all the states that have early voting ,” Clinton said during a short 3 minute press conference Friday, noting she believes her email scandals have already been “factored in” in voters’ minds. 
From RCP : 
REPORTER: You have 11 days to go. What would you say to a voter who right now will be seeing you and hearing what you’re saying, saying I didn’t trust her before. I don’t trust her anymore right now. And they’re heading to the ballot box tomorrow. 
HILLARY CLINTON: You know, I think people a long time ago made up their minds about the e-mails. I think that’s factored in to what people think and now they are choosing a president. So I would urge everybody to get out and vote early in all the states that have early voting because I think Americans want a president who can lead our country and get the economy working for everyone, not just those at the top and who can bring our country together. I offer that I can do that. And I’m very confident that the American people know that and we’re going to continue to discuss what’s at stake in this election because I believe that it’s one of the most consequential elections ever. 
Courtesy of Information Liberation Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
12631,Prince’s Addiction and an Intervention Too Late - The New York Times,"CHANHASSEN, Minn.  —   Prince Rogers Nelson had an unflinching reputation among those close to him for leading an assiduously clean lifestyle. He ate vegan and preferred to avoid the presence of meat entirely. He was known to eschew alcohol and marijuana, and no one who went on tour with him could indulge either. But Prince appears to have shielded from even some of his closest friends that he had a problem with pain pills, one that grew so acute that his friends sought urgent medical help from Dr. Howard Kornfeld of California, who specializes in treating people addicted to pain medication. Dr. Kornfeld, who runs a treatment center in Mill Valley, Calif. sent his son on an overnight flight to meet with Prince at his home to discuss a treatment plan, said William J. Mauzy, a lawyer for the Kornfeld family, during a news conference on Wednesday outside his Minneapolis office. But he arrived too late. When the son, Andrew Kornfeld, who works with his father but is not a doctor, arrived in Chanhassen, the Minneapolis suburb where Prince lived, the next morning, he was among those who found the entertainer lifeless in the elevator and called 911, Mr. Mauzy said. Emergency officials arrived but could not revive Prince. He was dead at 57. As law enforcement officials continue to investigate exactly what killed the pop and rock icon, there is mounting evidence that he had become seriously dependent on painkillers, something sure to rattle some of those who knew him well. Many have insisted in recent days that they never even saw Prince take pills, let alone abuse prescription medication, even though some knew he had had hip surgery years ago. When his private jet had to make an emergency landing in Moline, Ill. in   after he went unresponsive, friends decided they may need to intervene, according to a person with knowledge of the situation. Prince assured his friends in the following days that nothing was wrong. He had the flu, his publicist said. “I’m doing perfect,” Prince told his lawyer, L. Londell McMillan, two days after the emergency landing. Three days after that conversation with Mr. McMillan, though, Prince’s representatives were looking for help from an addiction doctor. Prince’s penchant for privacy may help explain how he kept his secret from so many. At the Jehovah’s Witness Kingdom Hall near here, where Prince was a worshiper, congregants scoffed at the first reports that Prince may have been abusing painkillers. And rarely did he let the musicians who toured with him know how much his hips actually hurt from decades of   performances, jumping onstage in platform heels. They would only notice small things, like that he stopped doing splits. “There wasn’t a tour we did where he wasn’t sometimes performing in pain,” said Alan Leeds, Prince’s former tour manager in the 1980s and later the president of the singer’s Paisley Park Records. “He was that kind of old school,      guy, so the idea of him medicating himself in order to perform isn’t strange to me. ” But Mr. Leeds and others said Prince never discussed pain pills with him. And questions about how he felt would often be met with a shrug or an assurance that he was O. K. Unlike many stars of his magnitude, who are known to employ extensive entourages and teams of staffers to handle everyday business, Prince was also surprisingly autonomous, friends and associates said, often driving himself around and making appointments without the knowledge of his assistant. Such insistence on maintaining his independence may have made keeping a secret easier, they said. Many of Prince’s closest friends, relatives and associates have declined to answer questions about his health. So it is unclear who contacted Dr. Kornfeld, but a person with knowledge of the situation said the musician had willingly sought treatment. The younger Mr. Kornfeld was sent to Paisley Park to try to get Prince’s condition stabilized, Mr. Mauzy said. Dr. Kornfeld then contacted a doctor in the Minneapolis area who cleared his schedule on the morning that Prince was found dead so that he could have time to meet with and assess Prince, Mr. Mauzy said. “The hope was to get him stabilized in Minnesota and convince him to come to Recovery Without Walls in Mill Valley,” Mr. Mauzy said. “That was the plan. ” Dr. Kornfeld “felt it was a lifesaving mission,” Mr. Mauzy said. Prince began taking painkillers for his ailment years ago and ultimately decided to have hip surgery in the   after which he was prescribed more pain medicine, according to a person who worked with him and requested anonymity because of the nature of the case. Jason Kamerud, chief deputy at the Carver County Sheriff’s Office, which is investigating the death, said that investigators are looking into, among other things, whether Prince may have overdosed from painkillers at his residence. But Deputy Kamerud declined on Wednesday to comment on Mr. Mauzy’s statements. The sheriff’s office has said that it did not believe suicide or murder were to blame for Prince’s death. Officials with the Drug Enforcement Administration and the United States Attorney’s Office announced Wednesday that they were joining the investigation. The mystery of Prince’s death mirrors the enigma of his life. He shunned the selfie culture and didn’t allow people to take his picture at his estate. Yet at the same time, he regularly opened his doors here and invited the public in for house parties where he would address the crowd. On the Saturday before he died, Prince had done just that, giddily unveiling a new purple guitar and piano before about 200 guests. He had just started on his memoir, tentatively titled “The Beautiful Ones. ” He had tour dates lined up in eight cities across the country. Yet people who knew Prince wondered whether he was in a malaise, his ailments limiting his ability to tour, and battling melancholy after the death in February of Denise Matthews, also known as Vanity, a former girlfriend and collaborator. In Australia during a show on Feb. 16, the day after she died, he became emotional. “Someone dear to us has passed away,” Prince told the crowd before dedicating the song “Little Red Corvette” to her, according to local news media accounts of the show. Later, he told the audience, “I’m trying to stay focused, it’s a little heavy for me tonight. ” Concerned friends said they had recently been discussing Prince’s emotional state. He had told some people that he was feeling depressed, and some suspected he was going through a period of professional stagnancy. In fact, Prince shunned an $85 million offer to do a   world tour in favor of smaller shows, said Kim Worsoe, his tour coordinator. “I don’t do tours, I do events,” Mr. Worsoe recalled Prince telling him. Others said they did not detect any depression. His small concerts, said Damaris Lewis, a friend and dancer, were an indication that he had found peace with himself. “His fans were his family,” she said. For his final acts, Prince, who on New Year’s Eve had given a powerful show in the Caribbean, shunned his   performances with a big band for something more intimate and less taxing: just himself, playing piano and singing. The “Piano and a Microphone” tour, he called it. In March, he held a   party and performance in New York to announce his memoir. He held three concerts in Canada before returning home on March 23 and attending a service at his Jehovah’s Witness Kingdom Hall, dressed in a suit and tie, his hair slicked back. Prince was baptized into the faith in 2003 under the guidance of Larry Graham, a bass guitarist whose band regularly performed with Prince and who moved his family to Minnesota to be near the entertainer. As a witness, he would go door to door with a fellow congregant in their   territory, quoting the Bible and introducing himself as Rogers Nelson. “He was very into spiritual things,” Mr. Graham said. “He already had been interested in the Bible and a love for God. ” Associates said that Prince’s dedication to religion, in addition to his commitment to pure living, may have contributed to a sense of shame about his growing dependency on medication. Prince’s next scheduled tour dates were two    shows on April 7 at the Fox Theater in Atlanta. But as she was brushing her teeth around 10 on the morning of the show, Lucy   the Atlanta promoter, said she got a call from Mr. Worsoe: Prince was sick with the flu. “He can barely speak his voice is really hoarse,” she recalled Mr. Worsoe telling her. It was the first time in the more than a   that he had worked with Prince that the artist canceled a show, Mr. Worsoe said. But two days later, Prince rescheduled the show for the 14th. On the rescheduled date, Prince landed in Atlanta late day and needed a police escort to make it to the theater on time. He said he was still feeling sick, but back in the dressing room where water and fresh fruit was awaiting Prince, Mr. Worsoe said he did not notice any visible signs of illness. With his Afro picked out, Prince took the stage, sidling up to his purple piano and surrounded by candelabras. He performed two sets, at 7 and 10 p. m. “He was epic,” Ms.   said. No signs of the flu. Prince said it was his best show ever, Mr. Worsoe recalled. But afterward, Prince said that his stomach hurt. Prince wanted to go back to Minneapolis to get checked out by a doctor, Mr. Worsoe said, and asked to postpone shows in St. Louis, Nashville and Washington that were scheduled, but not yet announced, for the next week. Prince and two other passengers boarded his private jet, which left at 12:51 a. m. Eastern on the Friday after his Atlanta show. Just over an hour in, the pilot radioed to air traffic controllers that he had an unresponsive passenger on board. The plane, only about 48 minutes from its destination of Minneapolis, turned around and quickly landed in Moline, touching down at 1:18 a. m. Prince’s bodyguard carried him off the plane to emergency responders waiting on the ground, according to city records. They rushed him to a hospital. Prince was treated with a Narcan shot, typically administered to those suffering from an opioid overdose, according to published reports. But he stayed at the hospital for only a few hours before flying back home. A master of image control, Prince started shaping the narrative right away. He hastily organized a party at his home for the following evening. Later, he casually rode a bicycle in a stripmall parking lot. Prince’s representatives asked Jeremiah Freed, a blogger who runs drfunkenberry. com, to help spread the word of the party on Saturday night. Before that night, Mr. Freed said, he never really had any concerns about Prince’s condition, though he was struck by something that the musician told him in January. Prince spoke of David Bowie’s death, Mr. Freed recalled, saying he was having lucid dreams in which he communicated with people who died. When Prince first strolled into the party, before he was in full view of the public, “He looked upset to me,” Mr. Freed recalled. They locked eyes, he added. “When I saw him, there was no smile. ” Other friends reached out to Prince over the weekend, concerned about what had happened to him on the plane. He had a resounding message: I’m O. K. Knowing how much Prince, who didn’t use a cellphone but was constantly surfing his silver MacBook, valued his privacy, friends said they did not press him. On Monday, April 18, Ms.   the Atlanta promoter, said that Prince’s representatives told her to hold off on confirming the eight tour dates she had arranged for him. He was going to take a break that week, and they would get back to her the next Monday, April 25, to confirm the concerts. Prince seemed to lead a mundane life from there, stopping by a show at the Dakota Jazz Club in Minneapolis on Tuesday, April 19. The next day, police said, someone dropped him off at his compound at about 8 p. m. He was found dead the next morning, setting off the sweeping investigation. “If we really want to be accurate and get it right, I think you have to pump the brakes,” said Deputy Kamerud of the Carver County Sheriff’s Office. “Some investigations are like   puzzles, some are like a   puzzle. This one is the latter. ” Mr. Freed, the blogger, said he could hardly believe reports of the painkiller dependency. Prince, he said, would help anyone in his band with a drug problem and even pay the cost of their recovery. If you abused drugs, he said, “you weren’t going to work with him. You didn’t have a job. ”",0
12632,"Trump Won’t Prosecute Hillary, Dismissing “Things That Sound Like the Campaign”","
Trump has signaled that he will not be prosecuting Hillary Clinton, despite the fact that it was one of his main promises on the campaign trail.
But the move isn’t exactly a surprise, as Trump’s cabinet picks have come into view and many of his statements have shifted to ‘unify the country.’
This stinks of a deal, or if you prefer, of an opponent that never was. Perhaps wrestling choreographers turned to political choreography for better salaries and higher stakes.
Trump campaign manager Kellyann Conway made the announcement.
via Breitbart :
“I think when the President-elect, who’s also the head of your party, tells you before he’s even inaugurated that he doesn’t wish to pursue these charges, it sends a very strong message, tone, and content to the members,” Conway said. “And I think Hillary Clinton still has to face the fact that the majority of Americans don’t find her to be honest and trustworthy. But if Donald Trump can help her heal, then perhaps that is a good thing. 
Henry Kissinger emerged yesterday, issuing a bizarre statement that excused President-elect Trump from resembling anything like candidate Trump.
After Kissinger claimed that Trump didn’t need to keep his campaign promises, campaign manager/spokeswoman Kellyann Conway carried the chorus. As Kurt Nimmo wrote :
“One should not insist on nailing [Trump] into positions that he had taken in the campaign,” Kissinger told Zakaria . 
Kissinger argued that it is counterproductive to demand absolute consistency from presidential administrations … “The art now would be to develop a strategy that is sustainable, that meets the concerns that have appeared during the campaign but that can be linked to some of the main themes of American foreign policy.”
Trump’s Conway mirrored Kissinger’s exact words.
“Look, I think, he’s thinking of many different things as he prepares to become the president of the United States, and things that sound like the campaign aren’t among them,” Conway said. 
SHTF made the call shortly after Trump’s victory speech during which he described Hillary Clinton as a tough fighter, and said the nation owed her a debt of gratitude, etc.
He changed tones immediately as the election results signaled a sudden end to the rhetoric.
BREAKING: Trump Won’t Pursue Charges Against Hillary, Will “Help Her Heal” 

Did Kissinger hypnotize the Trump people or what?
Read more: 
Did Trump Make a “Secret Deal NOT To Prosecute Hillary” In Exchange for Her Concession? 
Trump Will Be President – How Alt-Market Predicted The Outcome Five Months In Advance ",0
12633,Ramadan Rage: Muslim Who Ran Down Five Men with His Van Praised as ’Good Family Man’ by Judge,"A judge at Leicester Crown Court praised a van driver who deliberately mounted a pavement and ran down five men during Ramadan as “a good family man” who was behaving “completely out of character”. [According to a report in the Daily Mirror newspaper,    Lugman Aslam, of Warren View, Leicester, had gotten into a physical altercation with the men after backing his van into one of them, during which he alleged he was racially abused.  Recorder (circuit judge) Justin Wigoder described how, following this incident, a vengeful Aslam returned to his van, mounted the pavement and ploughed through the group, in order to “get [his] own back”. “I’ve seen it on CCTV and you deliberately mounted the pavement and drove straight at them and right through the middle of them at speed,” Wigoder said. “Some were thrown to the side and three were struck by your vehicle   with one going over the bonnet and hitting the windscreen. “It’s quite remarkable that nobody was seriously hurt or killed and the only injuries complained of were bruises and scratches. “One indication of the force of the collision was your windscreen was smashed  —   you claimed it had been hit by an animal when you got it repaired. “You accept your intention, driving at them, was to cause serious injury and that’s what makes this case so serious. “The motivation was driving at them to get your revenge, to get your own back from the fact they’d assaulted you. ” However, the judge then went on to say that he accepted the potentially deadly attack “was completely out of character” for the perpetrator, whom he praised as “a good family man” with glowing references. “You’re of very positive good previous character and I’ve received a considerable number of references setting out all the good that is in you,” he said. Nadeem Aullybocus, defending, explained that Aslam “was fasting [for Ramadan] on that day and had been doing so for about 20 days” when he carried out the attack. He pleaded guilty to dangerous driving and attempting to inflict intentional grievous bodily harm, and ultimately received a   sentence and a     year driving ban. With the automatic parole provisions in the Criminal Justice Act 2003, it is unlikely he will serve more than half of his prison term in custody. The relatively light sentence follows a number of deadly   attacks on pedestrians in Britain and Europe, including the Westminster Bridge attack on March 22nd and the London Bridge attack on June 3rd.",0
12634,Police Fear Abedi’s Accomplices May Possess More Bombs,"Police fear Salman Abedi may have armed more Islamists before carrying out his deadly attack in Manchester, after discovering a “working bomb factory” at his address. [The Telegraph reports police “discovered a working bomb factory with a huge stash of explosive chemicals and other components”.  A security source who spoke to the newspaper offered a warning:”The worry is there was enough to build two or three bombs and we can’t rule that out. ” It is believed the Manchester Arena bomb was assembled by Abedi himself, with David Videcette, a former Metropolitan Police constable who participating in the   investigations, saying he probably learned his deadly craft overseas. “This is not something you can just put together by reading a book or watching a YouTube video,” he said. “[Abedi] will have spent time at a camp somewhere, possibly in Libya, being shown how to do it. “But once you have the skills and the materials, assembling the device itself can be done fairly quickly. ” Islamist groups gained rapidly in power and influence in Libya after a   military intervention, led by former Prime Minister David Cameron and former President Barack Obama, toppled Colonel Muammar Gadaffi. Abedi’s father Ramadan, a Libyan migrant granted refugee status in Britain, returned to his native country shortly before Gaddafi’s death. He has since been connected to the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group (LIFG) a jihadist organisation linked to   and proscribed by the U. S. The British Government has not implemented or pursued a ban on travel to and from countries like Libya, meaning Abedi was free to visit Ramadan there prior to carrying out his attack. Ramadan now been detained, along with Abedi’s younger brother Hashem, by the Special Deterrence Force  —   a   militia which is itself described as a hardline Salafist organisation. He had been an administrative manager in Tripoli’s security forces. Abedi’s sister, also in Libya, declared that her brother “did what he did in revenge, and in love for Islam“.",0
12635,"Largest Pipeline in US Explodes, Kills and Injures Workers Trying to Make Repairs","In September, the Colonial pipeline – the largest pipeline in the US – made headlines after it ruptured, leaking 336,000 gallons of gasoline into the countryside of Central Alabama. Workers... ",0
12636,Democrats’ Vow to Filibuster Ensures Bitter Fight Over Gorsuch - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Senate Democrats on Monday secured the votes necessary to filibuster the Supreme Court nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, presaging a bitter confrontation this week that threatens to further unravel a chamber where bipartisanship and decorum have eroded for years. The show of solidarity from the minority came as Republicans advanced Judge Gorsuch’s nomination in the Judiciary Committee, clearing the way for his consideration on the Senate floor. Republicans vowed Monday to confirm him by the end of the week. The implication was not subtle: If they must change longstanding rules to bypass the filibuster, elevating President Trump’s selection on a simple majority vote, they will not hesitate. “We have no alternative,” Senator Orrin G. Hatch of Utah, the   Republican in the Senate, said alongside his Judiciary Committee colleagues after a   vote, 11 to 9. It was the beginning of what both parties consider a seminal week on Capitol Hill, likely to fundamentally reshape the way the Senate conducts its business. Though lawmakers have long deployed the filibuster  —   a procedural device that allows for continued debate to block or delay a vote  —   to suit their circumstances, Supreme Court confirmations have been viewed as another matter, insulated at least somewhat from the body’s most partisan passions. Under current rules, Republicans cannot break the filibuster if fewer than 60 senators vote to move the nomination to an    Senate vote. That would require eight Democrats to join the   Republican majority. As of Monday evening, only four Democrats had announced support for an    vote. Judge Gorsuch’s fate will depend on whether Republicans follow through on plans for the   nuclear option, as Mr. Trump has urged, to circumvent the filibuster for a Supreme Court pick. “The Republicans are free actors,” Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, said Monday, urging a withdrawal of the nomination if Judge Gorsuch cannot earn 60 votes. “They can choose to go nuclear or they can sit down with Democrats and find a way forward that preserves the grand traditions of this body. ” Such was the theme of Monday’s proceedings: a series of meditations on grand traditions, a resignation to their imminent demise and an insistence that the other side was to blame. During the committee vote, senators took turns lamenting the state of the institution they serve, although none pledged to buck their own party on either the Democratic filibuster or the Republican push for a rule change. What comes next, it appears, is a   dismantling of senatorial standards and practice, scheduled for demolition over several days. “This is a new low,” Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican majority leader, said of the likely filibuster, “but not entirely surprising. ” Of course, Democrats identify Mr. McConnell as the chief purveyor of new lows. From the beginning, the Gorsuch nomination has been shadowed, in large measure, by Judge Merrick B. Garland, whom President Barack Obama nominated in March 2016 after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia the month before. Mr. McConnell led Republicans in refusing to even consider the nomination during a presidential election year. But Democrats insist that their opposition to Judge Gorsuch is not about payback. They have cited his record on workers’ rights and his degree of independence from Mr. Trump and conservative groups like the Federalist Society, among other concerns. Perhaps no member sounded as pained on Monday as Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont and the Senate’s   member. He first argued that the treatment of Judge Garland had convinced Judge Gorsuch that “this committee is nothing more than a partisan rubber stamp,” allowing the nominee to evade straightforward questions during his hearings. Mr. Leahy suggested that Mr. McConnell had no qualms about “forever damaging the United States Senate. ” And he wondered aloud how the Capitol had become so unrecognizable to him, after 42 years. “I cannot vote solely to protect an institution when the rights of   Americans are at risk,” Mr. Leahy said. “Because I fear that the Senate I would be defending no longer exists. ” Republicans have in turn faulted Democrats for what they call two escalations of hostilities: a series of filibusters against judicial nominees under President George W. Bush and a vote in 2013, when Democrats controlled the Senate, to bar filibusters for the president’s appeals court and executive branch nominees. That shift left the filibuster for Supreme Court nominations untouched. Supporters of Judge Gorsuch have appeared incredulous that the Senate  —   whose members approved Justice Scalia unanimously and did not use a filibuster for even some fiercely contested nominees like Justice Clarence Thomas  —   could come undone over a judge they view as plainly qualified and uncontroversial. “It’s pathetic,” Mr. Hatch said, “that they’re so stupid that they picked somebody of his quality and ability” to oppose. Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa and the committee’s chairman, accused Democrats of searching in vain for credible reasons to vote against “a judge’s judge. ” Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, pressed the case that Judge Gorsuch’s nomination carried a “superlegitimacy” because voters last year knew that the next president would get to fill the seat. (Before the election, he had suggested trying to leave the seat open indefinitely if Hillary Clinton won.) Yet even some Republicans who planned to support a rule change if necessary said they worried about what would come of it. Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, predicted that a   threshold for Supreme Court confirmations would lead to the elevation of future judges who are “more ideological, not less. ” Every Senate race, he added, would effectively become a referendum on the Supreme Court. “This is going to haunt the Senate, it’s going to change the judiciary, and it’s so unnecessary,” Mr. Graham said after the vote. Though some Democrats have expressed concerns, in public and private, about pushing ahead with a filibuster, they are also aware of their political hand: The party’s progressive base has called on lawmakers to oppose Mr. Trump at every turn, reminding them of the extraordinary dynamics at play. Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut, linked his vote opposing Judge Gorsuch, at least in part, to the current investigations into connections between Mr. Trump’s orbit and Russia. “It is about the constitutional crisis that may well be looming,” he said, arguing that Judge Gorsuch had not demonstrated sufficient independence from Mr. Trump. Mr. Blumenthal added that the prospect of the Supreme Court needing to enforce a subpoena against the president was “far from idle speculation. ” Even lighter fare on Monday could not coax consensus from committee members. At one point, Mr. Grassley asked the senators how they would like to manage their lunch schedule: a   break for everyone or an uninterrupted hearing with senators peeling off one by one to eat. The room appeared split. “Could the majority cater this lunch?” asked Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota. A few Republicans raised their hands to convey a desire to keep going. Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the committee’s top Democrat, smiled slightly, her hands clasped. The committee, she said quietly, could not even agree on lunch.",0
12637,Israel snubs UNESCO’s Temple Mount resolution with ancient Jerusalem papyrus,"Israel snubs UNESCO’s Temple Mount resolution with ancient Jerusalem papyrus   22:13 Get short URL © Ronen Zvulun / Reuters Israel presented an ancient fragment of text in Hebrew referencing Jerusalem and recalled its ambassador to UNESCO in a gesture of protest against a resolution which criticized Israel for restricting Muslims’ access to a holy site in the city. Trends Palestinian statehood 
The text, written on a 11cm by 2.5cm papyrus, was dated by the Israel Antiquities Authority to the 7th century BCE and was said to be the earliest Hebrew reference to Jerusalem outside of the Bible. 
“From the king's maidservant, from Na'arat , jars of wine, to Jerusalem,” read the two lines of script. Archeologists believe it to be document detailing payment of taxes or transfer of goods. 
“Hey UNESCO, an ancient papyrus dating to the 1st Temple 2700 yrs ago has been found. It bears the oldest known mention of Jerusalem in Hebrew,” Ofir Gendelman, a spokesman for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, wrote on Twitter. Here is a letter from the past to UNESCO. It explains in Hebrew, our connection to Jerusalem and its centrality - from over 2700 years ago. pic.twitter.com/W36LEhHHj2 — PM of Israel (@IsraeliPM) October 26, 2016 
The official’s jab was directed at the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, which earlier on Wednesday passed a controversial resolution criticizing Israel for its handling of the holy site in Jerusalem called Temple Mount by Jews and Haram al-Sharif by Muslims. The resolution was adopted after heated debate over its wording, and particularly the Arabic names used in the document. Israel accused UNESCO and its Arab members of trying to undermine Jewish connections to the holy site. UNESCO and the PA, pay attention: Back in 1924 the Palestinian Supreme Muslim Council officially recognized that the Temple Mount was Jewish pic.twitter.com/qrFHKyCKFl — Ofir Gendelman (@ofirgendelman) October 26, 2016 
In response to the move, Israel also recalled its ambassador to UNESCO for consultations, while Netanyahu called the situation a “ theatre of the absurd.” 
""We'll decide what to do, what our next steps will be,” toward the organization, the Israeli PM added. PM: As the Theatre of the Absurd at UNESCO continues, our ambassador there will return for consultations. More steps will be considered. — Ofir Gendelman (@ofirgendelman) October 26, 2016 
Temple Mount is administered by the Jerusalem Islamic Waqf, a religious institution under the auspices of the Jordanian crown, which is responsible for managing rights of visitation and worship, management and repairs under the so-called Status Quo agreement. Read more Netanyahu mocks UNESCO motion on Temple Mount: Like denying bond between Batman and Robin 
Israel has controlled East Jerusalem since 1967 and officially annexed it in 1980, though the move has not been recognized by the international community. Israeli authorities have been increasing security in the area recently, occasionally blocking access to the Al-Aqsa mosque and sparking outrage among the Muslim worshipers. The conflict over the holy site and the perception that Israel was trying to change the status quo is seen as a major factor in the latest spree of knife violence by Arabs against Jews. 
Although the UNESCO resolution removed multiple references to Israel’s “occupation” of east Jerusalem and the Old City from the original draft, the softened text did not address all of Israel’s complaints. 
The conflict is aggravated by the fact that many Palestinians want East Jerusalem to be capital of their national state, while Israel considers the entire city its own capital.",0
12638,"OPEC, Big Mac, Syria: Your Thursday Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning. Here’s what you need to know: • In a series of Twitter posts, the ethics watchdog for the United States government revealed legal advice that would normally be confidential: that   Donald J. Trump must divest his financial stake in his businesses. It was unclear whether Mr. Trump’s pledge to take steps to separate from his businesses would clear that bar. Mr. Trump plans to hold rallies in states that were crucial to his victory. _____ • Mr. Trump’s choice for national security adviser, retired Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn, an outspoken critic of political Islam, has described China, North Korea, Russia, Cuba and Venezuela as     conspirators. Here’s a list of those picked for cabinet positions and other possible selections  —   including Sarah Palin, under consideration for secretary of veterans affairs. And here’s the latest on the transition. The  ’s reliance on social media has raised a question for news organizations: Is everything Mr. Trump posts on Twitter news? _____ • Iraqi security forces retaking territory from the Islamic State are uncovering mass graves on a despairingly regular basis. Most of the dead were killed recently, after the campaign for Mosul began. We met a Syrian reporter, Hadi Abdullah, 29, above, as he was traveling to Aleppo. “I don’t expect anything to stop me but death,” he said. _____ • The European Union plans to spend 5. 5 billion euros a year to help governments acquire military hardware, including helicopters and drones, and to develop military technology. The pledge comes as the U. S. appears to be taking a step back in its role in the world. _____ • It took nearly three weeks, 12 closely fought games and a day of   tiebreakers to decide the World Chess Championship, but at the end of play, victory went to the defending champion, Magnus Carlsen. The victory for Mr. Carlsen, who is from Norway, also fell on his 26th birthday. _____ • The pilot of the chartered plane that crashed in Colombia, killing almost all aboard, including members of a Brazilian soccer team, had radioed controllers that he was running out of fuel. “Fuel emergency,” he said in one of his last transmissions. _____ • Lufthansa flights resume today. Its pilots’ strike has become the latest example of how the fabled competence of German conglomerates has fallen into crisis. • Maxim Oreshkin, 34, is Russia’s new economy minister. President Vladimir V. Putin will deliver his annual state of the nation speech today. • OPEC’s deal to cut production by 1. 2 million barrels a day sent oil prices soaring. • Snapchat’s parent company, Snap, is headed for a blockbuster I. P. O. next year. Spectacles, Snap’s   sunglasses, are among the most compelling tech devices of recent years. • Eurozone unemployment figures, released today, are expected to fall below 10 percent for the first time since 2011. • Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • Ukrainian missile tests due to start today near Crimea could become another flash point in tensions with Russia. [Kyiv Post] • Mahmoud Abbas, the president of the Palestinian Authority, proposed the creation of a unity government with Hamas, the militant rival faction that controls the Gaza Strip. [The New York Times] • Colombia’s Congress approved a peace accord with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, in a vote that was most likely the final hurdle in ratifying the agreement whose earlier version had been rejected in a referendum this fall. [The New York Times] • Melania Trump, the future American first lady, warned Slovenians not to use her name and likeness without her consent. [Politico] • In Gambia, voters will decide whether to reinstall President Yahya Jammeh, who is 22 years into his pledge to stay in power for a billion years. [The New York Times] • China’s 30 million “missing girls” may simply have not been registered, not aborted or killed after birth, new research suggests. [The Washington Post] • Eduardo Mendoza won this year’s Cervantes Prize, the   world’s highest literary honor, for bringing a “new narrative style to Spanish fiction. ” [Associated Press] • The inventor of the Big Mac, Jim Delligatti, died at 98. [The New York Times] • Unesco declared Belgian beer culture as part of humanity’s intangible cultural heritage. Monks in the Italian town of Norcia, above, hope their beer brewing operation can help the town recover from the country’s worst earthquake since 1980. • “The world is   crumbling,   the machine rusting. ” This is a poem by Birgitta Jonsdottir, the politician trying to form a government in Iceland, where poetry is a national pastime. • Scotland said its bank notes were free of animal products after the Bank of England dismayed vegans by saying a new note contained a substance usually made from animal fat. • Using complex optics, a      camera in Berlin creates   portraits directly onto photo paper. • Pirelli, in its 2017 calendar, demonstrated that there is beauty and audacity at any age. • And here’s a Times investigative reporter reminiscing about how the Austrian Alps rekindled his passion for skiing. More than 30 years ago, a cow set a record for the most milk produced in 24 hours. Ubre Blanca (White Udder) was said to yield 110. 9 liters, or 29 gallons, that day. Her master was Fidel Castro. The supercow is one of many tales Cubans will remember as they say goodbye to their longtime leader this weekend. Ubre Blanca was part of Mr. Castro’s effort to solve a milk shortage. Long before Dolly the sheep or goats engineered to produce silk, Mr. Castro used artificial insemination to combine the Asian zebu’s hardiness with a Holstein’s high yield. Ubre Blanca was born in 1972 to instant stardom. Daily reports of her progress became news, though in the end, she was more or less the only success from the breeding experiment. Mr. Castro had a love for all things dairy, which included “Cuban Camembert” and a quest to build an ice cream parlor, Coppelia, to rival the American restaurant chain Howard Johnson’s. His ice cream obsession was also the closest the United States got to a successful assassination attempt  —   poison was to be slipped into Mr. Castro’s milkshake, but it froze to the side of the freezer instead. As for Ubre Blanca, she died in 1985. A government official saluted her, saying, “She gave her all for the people. ” _____ Remy Tumin contributed reporting. Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes. com.",0
12639,Tillerson Challenges China to ’Fulfill Its Obligations’ on North Korea in Tokyo Briefing - Breitbart,"Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has arrived in Tokyo, Japan, for the first leg of his   tour of Asia, emphasizing the need for a new approach to curbing North Korea and pressuring China to take a stronger economic stand against the rogue regime in Pyongyang. [Tillerson’s first public engagement in Japan was a joint press conference with his Japanese counterpart, Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida. Tillerson branded the approach to Pyongyang by both the Obama and Bush administrations a failure, noting that “the United States provided $1. 35 billion in assistance to North Korea as an encouragement to take a different pathway” and got no results on moderating the communist Kim regime.  He directed the government of China, North Korea’s closest and most formidable ally, to pressure North Korea into adhering to international legal standards. “We look to China to fulfill its obligations and fully implement the sanctions called for,” he told reporters. “In the face of this   threat, it is clear that a different approach is required,” Tillerson told reporters. “The purpose of  —   part of the purpose of my visit to the region is to exchange views on a new approach. ” Tillerson also emphasized the need for “trilateral cooperation” with an increasingly unstable South Korea, which just impeached   president Park   and is set to elect leftist rival Moon   in a special May presidential election. “Trilateral cooperation allows our three nations to coordinate actions on major regional and global problems, and more effectively counter the threats posed by North Korea,” Tillerson said. President Donald Trump has personally emphasized the need for strengthening bilateral ties and rejected the use of multilateral talks as a diplomatic device. On his end, Kishida emphasized that, during talks with Tillerson, the two chief diplomats were “in sync” on how to approach the region’s most complicated problems. “On North Korean question, we shared the position that we absolutely cannot condone nuclear as well as missile development by North Korea,” Kishida said, adding that both sides “discussed on [sic] the important role that China can play in this regard. ” Kishida also thanked Tillerson and the U. S. government generally for their support in the East China Sea where Beijing has claimed the Japanese Senkaku Islands. Tillerson will meet Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Thursday before flying to South Korea. Tillerson will arrive in China on Saturday, March 18, and meet with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi. He is expected to bring the same message of responsibility for the North Korean regime to Beijing as he did to Japan. The Chinese Foreign Ministry, however, is attempting to convince reporters that they expect minimal conflict during Tillerson’s visit. During a press event on Wednesday, Premier Li Keqiang said he was “optimistic about the future of   relations” and insisted China is committed to enforcing United Nations resolutions against North Korea. “It is true that recently the situation on the Korean Peninsula and in Northeast Asia more generally has become tense,” Li said, urging “all the parties concerned will work together to   the situation, get issues back on the track of dialogue and try to find lasting solutions. It’s common sense that no one wants to see turbulence at his doorstep. ” Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying was clearer in condemning both North Korea and South Korea  —   and, by proxy, the United States  —   for escalating tensions in the region. “The current situation on the Korean Peninsula is highly sensitive and complex. If relevant sides truly hope to see peace and stability in this region, they should apply the brake and put out the fire, instead of adding fuel to the flame,” she told reporters Tuesday, clearly intending to exclude China from her list of “relevant parties. ” As usual, Chinese state media outlets went further in claiming China has only a small role to play in controlling North Korea. “Some Western media outlets blamed the current chaos on China’s friendly policy toward North Korea, arguing that Beijing should impose tougher sanctions on Pyongyang to curb the latter’s nuclear ambitions. This is unfair and groundless,” the Global Times protested this week. “By shifting the full responsibility on Beijing, the Western countries, especially the US, attempt to exploit the nuclear issue to strategically contain China in the region. This makes the already chaotic situation more sensitive and complicated. ” “The US cares more about its strategic aims than regional peace, and has failed to play an active role that it is supposed to as a major power in promoting peace and stability on the peninsula,” the Times concludes. China provides North Korea with “90 percent of its fuel and 80 percent of its general use goods,” according to recent reports. Beijing recently halted all shipments of coal from North Korea for the rest of the year, claiming it a necessary move to adhere to UN sanctions. The announcement followed the assassination of Kim   dictator Kim  ’s brother, in Malaysia using VX agent, a weapon of mass destruction. Malaysian authorities have traced the killers’ ties back to North Korea.",0
12640,Trump Adviser Says Israeli Settlements 'Not Illegal',"Marc Zell, co-chairman of Republicans Overseas Israel speaks as the Republican Party launches its first ever election campaign in Israel in Modiin, Monday, Aug. 15, 2016.
Donald Trump’s adviser on Israel said on Wednesday that Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank are not illegal, adding that he believes the candidate agrees with him, putting the pair at odds with much of the world.
Speaking to AFP at a rooftop restaurant on Jerusalem’s Mount Zion after a pro-Trump rally, David Friedman also said the US presidential candidate was “tremendously sceptical” about the prospects for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
About 150 people, including right-wing Israelis and evangelical Christians, attended Wednesday’s Trump rally outside the walls of Jerusalem’s Old City, near the flashpoint Al-Aqsa mosque compound.
The compound is holy to both Muslims and Jews, who refer to it as the Temple Mount. Located in East Jerusalem, it was occupied by Israel in 1967 and later annexed in a move never recognised by the international community.
Asked whether Trump viewed the West Bank as part of Israel, as many far-right Israelis do, Friedman did not answer directly.
“I don’t think he believes that the settlements are illegal,” Friedman said.
Myself and . @realDonaldTrump senior #Israel advisor David Friedman at the #JerusalemForever event that was held tonight at the old city. pic.twitter.com/2JxEWRrk8o
— Israeli for Trump (@davidweissman3) October 26, 2016
Israeli religious nationalists see the Palestinian territory as part of the country, citing Jews’ connection to the land from biblical times.
The US has intensified criticism of Israeli settlement building in the West Bank in recent months, warning that it is eating away at hopes for a two-state solution.
Settlements in the West Bank are viewed as illegal under international law and are major stumbling blocks to peace efforts because they are built on land seized in the 1967 war which Palestinians see as part of their future state.
At an American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference in March, Trump described an “unbreakable bond” between the US and Israel.
“When I become president, the days of treating Israel like a second-class citizen will end on day one,” Trump told delegates, in a speech that heaped praise on Israel and derided Palestinians as perpetrators of violence.
Recalling rounds of failed peace talks between the two parties, Trump blamed Palestinian leaders.
“To make a great deal, you need two willing participants,” Trump said. “We know Israel is willing to deal. Israel has been trying to sit down at the negotiating table without preconditions for years.”
Friedman reiterated that Trump would recognise Jerusalem as Israel’s capital and move the US embassy there – which would break with decades of precedent and put Washington at odds with most UN member states.
There were chants of “lock her up” when Trump’s Democrat rival Hillary Clinton’s name was mentioned at the rally ahead of the 8 November vote – a common refrain among Trump supporters who want to see her jailed over an emails scandal.
“I hate Hillary. She’s the same like (Barack) Obama,” said Ran Hofman, 54, who waved an Israeli flag. “They screw up the whole world.”
A brief video message from Trump of about one minute was played at the event.
“Together we will stand up to the enemies like Iran, bent on destroying Israel and her people,” Trump said. “Together we will make America and Israel safe again.”",0
12641,Changes in Rainfall Threaten Food Production,"Changes in Rainfall Threaten Food Production Posted on Oct 31, 2016 
By Jan Rocha / Climate News Network Cattle farming and roads are major causes of deforestation in Brazil’s Amazon region. (Kate Evans/CIFOR via Flickr) 
SÃO PAULO—The UN’s latest State of Food and Agriculture (SOFA) report warns that rainfall patterns will have changed so drastically by the end of this century that agriculture, forestry and fishing will all be seriously affected. 
“It will become more and more difficult to harvest crops, rear animals and manage forests and fisheries in the same places and in the same way as before,” says the report by the UN’s Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO). 
And that is a major concern for regions such as Latin America that are economically dependent on agriculture, and the Caribbean, which is heavily reliant on fisheries. 
In Brazil’s northeast, for example, rainfall is expected to decrease by 22%, while in the southeast of South America, which covers parts of Chile and Argentina, it could increase by 25%. Rainfall changes 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
The report says these changes in rainfall mean “that the capacity to face shortages or excesses of water will be fundamental in the efforts to improve productivity in a sustainable way”. 
A separate study carried out earlier by the FAO, the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC), and the Latin American Integration Associatio n (ALADI) shows that agriculture accounts for 23% of regional exports, employs 16% of the economically active population, and contributes 5% to regional GDP. 
The SOFA 2016 report predicts that climate change will bring more drought and increases in temperature that will reduce productivity in tropical and sub-tropical regions. It foresees more salinisation and desertification in the arid areas of Chile and Brazil, while along the Pacific coastline some fish species will move further south. “The capacity to face shortages or excesses of water will be fundamental in the efforts to improve productivity in a sustainable way” 
In the Caribbean, the greater frequency of storms, tornadoes and cyclones will harm aquaculture (the farming of aquatic organisms such as crustaceans, molluscs, and aquatic plants) and fisheries, and temperature changes could alter the physiology of freshwater fish species and cause the sinking of coral reef systems. 
Forested areas could be transformed into savannas, while Amazonia will face the risk of frequent fires. In Central America, climate change could lead to 40% of mangrove species being at risk of extinction. 
The report notes that although governments in the region see a reduction in deforestation as the main method of combating climate change, forests continue to be converted for farming and cattle breeding, which are the main sources of greenhouse gas emissions in the region. Causes of emissions 
These emissions have three main causes. In 2014, they were: enteric fermentation—the product of the digestive systems of ruminants (58%); manure deposited in areas of pasture (23%); and artificial fertilisers (6%). 
The FAO warns that climate change would affect food production, reducing not only the amount available but the variety of foodstuffs. Extreme events in areas of large-scale production will have severe implications for trade, affecting the international supply of food. 
The report concludes that the climate changes it foresees would affect food and nutritional security in the region, causing abrupt variations in the incomes of families who depend on agriculture, or, where there is a fall in demand for paid rural labour, a reduction in their capacity to buy food. 
The effects could also include big changes to the diet of the population, with a fall in food variety and in healthy foods, leading to poorer nutrition. 
All in all, the FAO report offers a fairly bleak perspective if countries continue on their present path of sleepwalking into the future, with many governments unaware of or unwilling to face up to the challenges of climate change. 
Jan Rocha is a freelance journalist living in Brazil and is a former correspondent there for the BBC World Service and The Guardian. TAGS:",0
12642,Trump Revives Defense of Charitable Foundation Amid Inquiry - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump has renewed his defense of his charitable foundation, insisting on Twitter that all of the money raised by the organization has gone to charity even as the New York attorney general continues to investigate claims to the contrary. “I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised and recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won’t report!” Mr. Trump wrote on Monday night. “100% of the money goes to wonderful charities!” he said in another post. It was the latest   concerning the Donald J. Trump Foundation, which emerged as a source of contention during the presidential race and has continued to bedevil Mr. Trump since his election. On Saturday, Mr. Trump said he would shut down the organization, a move that the New York attorney general’s office said would require state approval. Last month, in its 2015 tax filing, the foundation itself indicated that it may have violated rules meant to protect against   such as using charity resources to benefit one of the organization’s central people. The filing came after The Washington Post reported that Mr. Trump had used $258, 000 from the charity to settle legal disputes involving his businesses. There were other unusual donations from the foundation, including $12, 000 for an autographed helmet from the football player Tim Tebow and $20, 000 to an artist for painting a portrait of Mr. Trump. It also made a $25, 000 donation to a political committee supporting Pam Bondi, the Florida attorney general, a contribution that drew scrutiny during the campaign and resulted in a penalty for running afoul of tax regulations. Eric T. Schneiderman, New York’s attorney general, announced in September that his office was investigating the foundation, telling CNN at the time that he was concerned that it “may have engaged in some improprieties. ” Later that month, Mr. Schneiderman ordered the charity to cease   in New York after his office found that the foundation was not properly registered to solicit donations. At every turn, Mr. Trump has dismissed criticism. He insists that he has made significant contributions to his foundation over the years while also donating directly to causes. According to the charity’s tax records, Mr. Trump gave about $6 million to the foundation over the past three decades, but halted his giving entirely from 2009 to 2014. During those six years, the foundation was supported by the generosity of others, taking in more than $4 million in outside donations, the records show. Mr. Trump, meanwhile, has refused to release his tax returns, which would give a more complete and accurate view of how much money he reported giving away. Amid broader questions about the potential conflicts of interest posed by his business empire, Mr. Trump said on Saturday that he had directed his lawyer to initiate the closing of the foundation. “The foundation has done enormous good works over the years in contributing millions of dollars to countless worthy groups, including supporting veterans, law enforcement officers and children,” Mr. Trump said in a statement. “However, to avoid even the appearance of any conflict with my role as president I have decided to continue to pursue my strong interest in philanthropy in other ways. ” But a spokeswoman for the New York attorney general’s office said that any move to close the foundation required state approval, given the investigation into how it spends its money and courts donations, and the state’s order that it stop  .",0
12643,When Yahoo Ruled the Valley: Stories of the Original ‘Surfers’ - The New York Times,"SUNNYVALE, Calif.  —   Back in the   before Google even existed, the world’s best guides to the internet sat in Silicon Valley cubicles, visiting websites and carefully categorizing them by hand. They were called surfers, and they were a collection of mostly    —   including a yoga lover, an   a divinity student, a recent college grad from Ohio hungry for adventure  —   all hired by a   called Yahoo to build a directory of the world’s most interesting websites. Today, with more than one billion websites across the globe, the very notion seems mad. Even then, there was a hint of insanity about the enterprise. Yet, sitting in the shadow of a     sculpture of Elvis, the surfers built Yahoo. com into the home page for a generation of web users. Their work helped define the early internet. Two decades after Yahoo’s founding  —   the equivalent of several lifetimes in Silicon Valley  —   Elvis still serenades the surfers at the headquarters here in Sunnyvale, and Yahoo is at a crossroads. The company, long since eclipsed by Google and Facebook, now commands just a tiny fraction of people’s attention and advertisers’ dollars. Yahoo is auctioning itself off. Bids are due on Monday, the same day the chief executive, Marissa Mayer, is expected to report yet another quarter of dismal financial results. Most, but not all, of the surfers have scattered across Silicon Valley and the world. The careers of some followed the arc of the tech world’s obsessions and idiosyncrasies over the last 20 years. Others took their stock windfalls and dropped out to pursue other passions. Taken together, the surfers, about 10 of whom are still in the building, embody the technological and cultural changes that transformed the valley and the world  —   and left Yahoo in the dust. Back in 1994, when the directory was born, search engines were rudimentary and ineffectual. Newbies were just learning how to navigate the World Wide Web. The very idea of a website was novel. Two Stanford graduate students, Jerry Yang and David Filo, saw opportunity. Working from a trailer on campus, they began compiling websites into a list, organized by topic. They eventually named it Yahoo, an acronym for Yet Another Hierarchical Officious Oracle. It quickly became one of the most important gateways to the web. The value proposition was simple, said one longtime surfer, Dave Sikula: “We’ve done the work for you  —   we’ve gone through the web and these are the best sites. ” That required an army of people, said Srinija Srinivasan, employee No. 5 at Yahoo, who was hired to build the original surfer team. It was serious work, deciding how to label things and where to put them. What do you call a category that includes skinheads and the Ku Klux Klan? What kind of pornography should be considered for inclusion, given that “sex” was the most popular search term from the start? Much was left to individual judgment. Matthew Mustapick, who quit a job at Wells Fargo to become a surfer in 1995, recalled creating the “cannibalism” category. He found sites explaining how to butcher a human body but decided they were too distasteful to include. Amey Mathews, who worked as a Yahoo surfer from 1998 to 2002 (and is now married to Mr. Mustapick) discovered in the course of her work that the Irish originally carved their  ’  from turnips, not pumpkins. After that, the surfers held a   contest every Halloween. The directory survived until 2014. But by then, most of the surfers’ time already went to other projects. Many of them worked to improve Yahoo’s search engine as it battled with Alphabet’s Google subsidiary. Still, Yahoo’s star continued to fade, particularly with the rise of smartphones and social applications like Facebook and Twitter. Today, some former surfers ponder the company’s fate with sadness and a hint of regret at opportunities missed. “Yahoo Mail is still my primary email. My home page is still My Yahoo. I still look at the sports page,” said Mr. Sikula, who is a stage director and freelance editor after being laid off in 2010 as part of a big surfer cutback. “But I don’t know why the company exists. And I think that’s what they are trying to figure out, too. ” Srinija Srinivasan‘THE NATURE OF BEING’ If she hadn’t chosen to study Japanese at Stanford, Srinija Srinivasan would never have found herself in charge of building Yahoo’s directory into a guide to the internet for a curious world. Ms. Srinivasan, who grew up in Kansas, was an undergraduate attending a   Stanford program in Kyoto, Japan, when she got to know two fellow students over shared meals  —   Jerry Yang and David Filo. After graduation, she was working on the Cyc Project, an early effort to create artificial intelligence, when the pair asked her to help them turn their directory into a real company. “Jerry and David knew that I alphabetized my CDs,” Ms. Srinivasan, 44, said in an interview in her Palo Alto, Calif. home. “My sock drawer is quite beautiful. ” When she joined, her business card read Ontological Yahoo, a term reflecting her philosophical approach to the job. “This is not a perfunctory   exercise. This is defining the nature of being,” she said. “Categories and classifications are the basis for each of our worldviews. ” Faced with the vastness of the web, Yahoo surfers hoped to identify the most complete, relevant or interesting sites on a given subject. To choose which topics to focus on, the surfers relied in part on a daily log of visitors’ top queries. Once in a while, surfers made mistakes. For instance, they initially categorized Messianic Judaism as a Jewish sect, failing to notice that its adherents, who follow many Jewish traditions, believe that Jesus Christ was the Messiah, a defining trait of Christians. “We had faxes coming in nonstop from rabbis,” Ms. Srinivasan said. Yahoo also offered automated search tools by teaming up with various companies, including AltaVista and Google. Eventually, though, Yahoo realized that it had to develop its own version of the technology. Human judgment  —   what Mr. Yang referred to as “the voice of Yahoo”  —   remained a core value of the company. When the Grateful Dead musician Jerry Garcia died in August 1995, Yahoo searches on him spiked immediately. The surfers put a Garcia link on the home page. “That was the birth of Yahoo News,” Ms. Srinivasan said. Today, it remains one of the most popular online news portals. The surfers’ role as corporate conscience expanded with the company. They worked on a   version of Yahoo, called Yahooligans. They selected the news headlines worthy of   display. Over time, Ms. Srinivasan and her team even fielded questions like how much cleavage to allow on   ads. Despite its efforts, Yahoo kept losing ground to Google in search. Microsoft made an unsuccessful hostile bid to buy the weakened company in 2008. Ms. Srinivasan left two years later, soon after Mr. Yang stepped down as chief executive. “In Japan, they have a saying: Leave when the cherry blossoms are full,” she said. Ms. Srinivasan now splits her time between Palo Alto and Brooklyn, where she is working on a music   Loove. The company is trying to revamp how the music industry works and help audiences understand the full story behind what they listen to, much as the    movement did for food. She also sits on the board of trustees of her alma mater, Stanford, a school that has churned out several generations of Silicon Valley moguls. But unlike many former technology executives, Ms. Srinivasan focuses her attention there on the arts and humanities. “Tech is sexy. It’s employable. Parents love it,” she said. “All of that isn’t worth a hill of beans unless we know why, to what end. We call it the humanities for a reason. ” Seana MeekCAPTAIN CANADA Yahoo, like the early web itself, was largely focused on American content. But it had global ambitions. Seana Meek, an Alberta native and a single mother, was working for Futurekids, which taught children computer basics, when Yahoo hired her to organize the Canadian sites in its directory. For Ms. Meek personally, it kicked off a   career odyssey through modern Silicon Valley and some of the tech industry’s most significant trends:   virtual reality,    —   even a mobile haircut app. When she started, Yahoo was fumbling in Canada. Technically, it had a separate Canada site, but it relied on the American directory for its searches. Employees asked her why the most popular search term among Canadian users was the word Canada. “That’s not a mystery,” Ms. Meek, 41, recalled saying. “In Canada, you do ‘government’ and you get American results. So you do ‘government Canada.’ You do anything and then you add ‘Canada’ to it. ” After the   bubble burst in 2000, Yahoo’s dysfunctions began to surface. In 2002, the company transferred Ms. Meek’s job to Toronto. Less than 90 days later, it closed that office and sent her and two engineers back to the American headquarters. She got a promotion from the mess: Yahoo put her in charge of the content, ads and business deals for Yahoo Canada. She was nicknamed Captain Canada and had a ringside seat to one of the company’s biggest decisions  —   dumping Google as a search partner and switching to technology from its Inktomi acquisition instead. “They were scared to do it. So they did it in Canada first,” she said. In 2008, she left the company, embarking on a journey through Silicon Valley’s laboratory of business ideas, big and small. First she joined a tiny   Picateers, that was trying to reinvent the school portrait business. It folded a year later. From there she went to Linden Lab, the creator of Second Life, the tech industry’s first big foray into virtual reality. Players interacted with one another online in a   simulated world, where they could buy and sell things, make friends, or just gawk at the scenery. Second Life was an extraordinary experiment in human behavior, she said. An employee could change something in the virtual world, then just watch what happened. “You are literally a god,” she said. Next for her was Eventbrite, an online   and ticketing company. There she worked to protect against credit card fraud. In 2013, she abandoned the corporate life to make a movie, a   indie thriller, called “Veracruz. ” Now she runs her own   firm, Snare Labs, which helps small merchants detect suspicious transactions. She is also working with her nephew on an app, Sharpcut, to summon barbers on demand. And she says, she is casting about for the next challenge. “It’s a funny time in my life where there is definitely no script,” she said. Matthew Mustapick and Amey MathewsYOGA AND ACOUSTIC GUITARS Working long hours in close quarters, it was inevitable that some surfers would find romance. For Matthew Mustapick and Amey Mathews, working at Yahoo didn’t just lead to love. The lessons they learned  —   and the money they made from the stock they received as early employees  —   allowed them to achieve a different kind of Silicon Valley dream: dropping out of tech to do their own thing. Ms. Mathews, who had a fine arts degree from Stanford, joined in 1998 after responding to an ad looking for a speaker of Scandinavian languages. “I told them I didn’t speak any Scandinavian languages  —   but I speak Italian and you should have someone who speaks Italian,” she recalled during an interview at the couple’s home in Soquel, Calif. Yahoo had an Italian speaker already, but she got a job anyway. Mr. Mustapick sat in a nearby cubicle, and they eventually became a couple. Surfers were free to reflect their personal interests in the directory. Ms. Mathews loved animals and indexed all the dogs, cattle, even miniature donkeys, she could find. Mr. Mustapick was fond of cataloging oddities like prosthetic testicles for pets that had been neutered. Mr. Mustapick left Yahoo in early 2002. Ms. Mathews followed later that year. Ms. Mathews, who became a yoga teacher while at Yahoo, started teaching full time when she left. Yahoo, in fact, became one of her first clients. The Yahoo stock provided a vital cushion. “I could afford to lose money for a whole year when no one came to my class,” she said. Mr. Mustapick turned toward music. “I always wanted to learn how to play electric guitar like Scott Henderson,” he said, referring to the jazz and blues guitarist. That interest led him in an unexpected direction  —   he began building acoustic guitars with an eye toward selling them. Having looked at hundreds of thousands of websites while at Yahoo, he had a good sense of how to market online, well before the era of Twitter and   as a national pastime. He built a website and posted photos of guitars he was building so customers could watch the progress. And he consciously befriended the right people. “They just put the word out for me,” he said. “That was the sort of thing I learned at Yahoo that you could do. ” He ended up making about 100 guitars, selling them for $3, 000 to $10, 000 apiece, before closing the business a few years ago. Mr. Mustapick, 47, is now studying jazz piano. Today, neither of them wishes to return to an office job. Ms. Mathews, 43, has found her bliss teaching yoga, blogging about veganism and painting. Still, she remembers Yahoo fondly. “I loved being around that many smart, interesting, engaged people,” she said. “I actively miss that in my daily life  —   not enough to go get a job and give up what I’m doing, but I do miss it. ” Gordon HurdBACK FOR ROUND 3 Nine years ago, Gordon Hurd quit Yahoo for the second time. In June, he began working for the company again  —   Round 3  —   this time as a freelance writer. In the intervening years, Mr. Hurd toured the struggling   landscape  —   first, the Yahoo archrival AOL then, Interactive One, a network of black news and culture sites later, First Look Media, created by the eBay founder Pierre M. Omidyar and most recently, a men’s fashion site, Man’s Life. There was even a brief stint at McKinsey  Company, the consulting firm and “the most corporate place you could go,” he said. He is one of many surfers who left, then came back through the revolving door, sometimes unexpectedly. One group of   jumped to Polyvore, a social shopping   founded by three Yahoo engineers in 2007, only to wind up back at Yahoo last year when it bought the company. Mr. Hurd’s first run with Yahoo started in 1998 when he was hired to organize the business and finance parts of the directory. The starting pay was only $35, 000 a year, he recalled. But there were stock options. “I didn’t make millions by any means,” said Mr. Hurd, 45, in a phone interview from Brooklyn, where he lives. But he bought a house. A restless soul, he left Yahoo in 2002 to become an investigative reporter for a local magazine. Less than a year later, with a second child on the way, Mr. Hurd returned to Yahoo, eventually helping run the influential home page. In 2007, he hopped to McKinsey and then quickly to AOL, where he ran Asylum. com, a lifestyle site aimed at men age 18 to 34. The business model was to create vast amounts of content in the hope that visitors would click on ads. That didn’t happen. “What it underlined is how much of a commodity content was,” Mr. Hurd said. Asylum was shut down. Mr. Hurd moved on to Interactive One, the digital arm of Radio One, the largest   radio broadcaster in the United States, which struggled to crack the content code, too. Volume trumped quality. “You know people will click on a   video, but you want to talk about what it’s like to be a millennial of color,” Mr. Hurd said. First Look Media, although funded by a tech billionaire, was plagued by internal strife. Man’s Life wound down after less than a year. Which is how, today, Mr. Hurd is back at Yahoo, writing articles for its style site while he ponders his next move. More than ever, he thinks there is a need for the type of work that Yahoo’s surfers did 20 years ago. “The web has gotten so big that you need people to curate it,” he said. However, he sees that curation coming from subject experts, not   sites like Yahoo. Niche sites with a devoted following could work with select sponsors hoping to reach a particular audience, he said. “If you’re a person who’s really dedicated to the art of handmade knives, and you set out to categorize the sites of handmade knives, only you can do that. Google can never do that,” Mr. Hurd said. Becky UlineA GRAND ADVENTURE When Becky Uline graduated from Bowling Green State University in Ohio in 1996, she didn’t really know what she wanted to do with her life. A friend was raving that he had discovered paradise  —   living in Northern California and working for a company few people had ever heard of, Yahoo. She and another Bowling Green graduate, Michelle Heimburger, thought it would be a grand adventure. They both got hired as surfers and rented an apartment together. The building was so empty at first that surfers would zip through it on   skates. “We would sleep under our desks,” Ms. Uline, 42, recalled during an interview at her current home in Oakland, Calif. Her roommate, Ms. Heimburger, made headlines a few years later when she spent $350, 000  —   part of her Yahoo stock windfall  —   to buy the   Franklin Castle in her hometown, Cleveland. To celebrate, she threw a huge housewarming party, inviting all of Yahoo and the Cleveland Indians baseball team to the festivities. In 2001, Ms. Uline gave her notice. She wanted to travel the world, financed in part by her Yahoo nest egg. Paris became a favorite haunt. “I would sublet my apartment out for a few months and just go and work from wherever,” she said. She freelanced for Yahoo and also tapped the vast network of surfer alumni, landing work at the     SearchMe and elsewhere. Six years ago, she stopped wandering and decided to focus on her music. The year 2013 was big: her band, the Northerlies, released its debut album she married the guitar player, Brian Anderson, who had worked at Excite, another early search site and their son, Neil, was born. Yahoo’s decline is sad, Ms. Uline said, but she still feels a connection. Her closest friends are former Yahoos, including Ms. Heimburger, who married yet another surfer and lives in London. A few months ago, Ms. Uline, said, she dropped Yahoo as her home page, but she missed it and changed it back. “I still use Yahoo search. I want them to get the revenue,” she said. ConnieAlice HungateSURFING BY ANOTHER NAME When Yahoo set out to hire surfers, it invented a new job category. The closest match may have been bookstore clerk  —   and Kepler’s Books in nearby Menlo Park turned into a recruitment hotbed. About a dozen surfers were hired away from the shop, including ConnieAlice Hungate. Ms. Hungate, 46, is still at Yahoo more than 18 years later, supervising what remains of the surfer team. She said the group, renamed content analysis and management, is still vital to the company’s ambitions to remain a player in web search. Search ads bring in nearly half of Yahoo’s revenue. Under a 2010 deal with Microsoft, Yahoo uses Microsoft’s Bing search engine for most basic queries and ads. Ms. Mayer, Yahoo’s chief executive, has devoted vast resources to search technology  —   particularly on mobile devices  —   in an attempt to leapfrog Google, though the company has little to show for it so far. Ms. Hungate said her team helped train Yahoo’s search algorithms to provide more relevant results. The mobile search app, for example, now automatically pulls up suggestions for nearby places to eat when lunchtime rolls around. The surfers also worked on the recent release of Yahoo’s Radar travel app, which uses a   interface to recommend restaurants and activities based on data from TripAdvisor and Yelp. “We’re doing all kinds of experiments every day,” Ms. Hungate said. The Elvis sculpture, a 1998 gift from a Yahoo user, still watches over the department, and the   contest is held every Halloween  —   with results posted on Flickr, the   service owned by Yahoo. Ms. Hungate said she was not worried about what would happen to the surfers if the company was sold. “Information management is a core need in technology,” she said. “We’ll adapt. ”",0
12644,Faster Growth? Two Things Trump Supporters Won’t Like - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump wants us to dream bigger about the economic future. We shouldn’t be content with the roughly 2 percent annual growth that has been the norm this century, he has said. And he thinks he can bring about the kind of robust growth of 4 percent or more that was commonplace in decades past. But the closer you look at the math of economic growth, the more you see the inherent contradictions in trying to make that happen. The two strategies that would most directly help achieve that goal clash with other planks of Mr. Trump’s economic agenda. Economic growth can happen two ways: More hours are worked, or more economic output is generated from each hour of labor. But if the economy quickly became more productive, it would, at least in the short run, also risk the livelihoods of some of the very   people whom Mr. Trump pledges to help. And the surest way to increase the number of hours worked is to allow more immigration, which would be directly at odds with Mr. Trump’s   stance on that topic. In other words, if an era of faster growth is really going to arrive, it will probably involve some changes that Mr. Trump’s supporters very much don’t want to happen. Low productivity growth has been one of the chronic problems of the economy in the last decade, and an important contributor to the low growth rate, even if economists aren’t entirely sure why it’s happening. If we want living standards to rise over time, we need productivity to rise. But the connection between productivity gains and higher incomes can take time to play out. Often it means   disruption  —   job loss  —   for workers whose jobs are rendered unnecessary. And that has been especially true for the last few decades, and for people at the middle and lower end of the pay spectrum. As my colleague Claire Cain Miller wrote, some of the very innovations that have helped improve workers’ productivity are also the main culprit behind the decline of   manufacturing jobs. These advances have made the United States richer  —   with jobs like designing software systems and taking medical images. But that’s not much solace for former manufacturing workers who haven’t found lucrative or rewarding work in growing fields, a group that is at the core of Mr. Trump’s campaign appeals. It’s not just manufacturing. Consider one innovation that could plausibly become a reality in the years ahead: trucks that drive themselves. Over time, that will make the United States economy more productive and raise incomes. But if you are one of the 1. 7 million   truck drivers in the United States, making an average of $42, 500 for a job that doesn’t require advanced education, it should be concerning. It’s plausible to imagine a majority of those jobs going away over the next decade, which will be a boon for the countless industries that rely on trucks to bring in supplies and distribute finished goods. That will raise G. D. P. the broad measure of economic growth. But it would be daunting for any of those drivers who can’t find a job with similar pay, especially during some lag period. The experience with manufacturing does not give much reason for optimism that   workers will have success finding lucrative jobs after a   innovation the way economics textbooks might predict. It’s possible that the next wave of productivity gains could come from industries that affect   professionals more than the   workers who form the core of Mr. Trump’s coalition. Think of artificial intelligence software that could one day replace doctors in diagnosing diseases (or at least make them able to serve more patients at once). If that happens, the question will be whether those displaced workers can adapt any better than the steelworkers of 30 years ago  —   and if not, how to deal with masses of   workers who are as disconnected from the modern economy as their   counterparts seem to be. More people can make more stuff. That is the simple, brutal math behind G. D. P. and it’s the other central challenge of reconciling Mr. Trump’s economic growth ambitions with his other policy priorities. By extension, the more people there are in the United States with the desire to work, the higher the nation’s economic output will be. One major factor in the sluggish growth of the last few years is that the United States labor force isn’t growing the way it used to. The peak of the baby boom is nearing retirement age. And unlike in the second half of the 20th century, the proportion of women who work is stable, not rising. A straightforward way of increasing the labor force would be to increase the number of immigrants, especially those with advanced skills, whose economic output is the highest. Here’s some fun with labor force math. There are about one million legal immigrants per year. If you doubled the rate of legal immigration and ensured that 75 percent of those extra million people would join the labor force, it would mean a boost to the labor force of 750, 000 people per year over current levels. The Congressional Budget Office currently projects that the labor force will grow by 0. 5 percent a year over the coming decade. But if you add in those extra people under this hypothetical, that rate would rise to 1 percent. It would put a president a good bit closer to achieving an ambitious economic growth goal, all else being equal. Of course, Mr. Trump has made hostility to immigration a hallmark of his campaign, and there seems to be little appetite for any major expansions of immigration in Congress or in public opinion, let alone a doubling. Mr. Trump has argued that there is a vast untapped pool of American workers who are not in the labor force at all, and there is truth to that. But the pool may not be as large  —   or have as much potential to improve growth  —   as he suggests. The Economic Policy Institute, for example, calculates that these “missing workers”  —     people who are neither working nor looking for work but would be in a fully healthy economy  —   number about 2. 3 million people. If they were successfully pulled into the job market over the next decade, they would provide only about an 0. 15 percentage point annual boost. In other words, unless Mr. Trump wants to entertain immigration policies that are contrary to his campaign messages, demographics will be a major headwind making his growth promises all but impossible to achieve. Perhaps there is a broader lesson in all of this. Life is full of  . And so is economic policy.",0
12645,A Cry for Help: Texas Homeschooled Children Continue to Suffer in State Custody and Public School,"A Cry for Help: Texas Homeschooled Children Continue to Suffer in State Custody and Public School 
by Health Impact News/Medical Kidnap.com Staff 
Claire and William Rembis say they are heartbroken. They say their children are heartbroken also. Their 10 children are remaining in Texas State custody, even though there are no abuse or neglect findings, and even though the children are suffering and want to come home. The children remain in public school and State custody, despite Judge Hart’s previous ruling to allow the children to be homeschooled. See previous story: Texas Judge Allows Mother to Homeschool Her Own Children – Denies Request to Vaccinate Children While in State Custody 
Judge Hart ruled on September 20th that the Rembis children should continue to homeschool while in State custody “for purposes of consistency – to keep the children in the same school setting they were in before entering state custody – since they will continue to be homeschooled once they go home,” and added that the children would be going home “quickly,” according to Claire. 
When CPS defied Judge Hart’s ruling to allow the Rembis children to continue to homeschool, the Rembis’ were certain that Judge Hart would have no option but to send the children home on October 5th, and punish the social workers who defied his ruling. See previous story: Texas CPS Defies Judge’s Order to Homeschool, Keeps Rembis Children in Public School 
But when they went to court on October 5th, the Rembis said it was like Judge Hart was a “completely different person” than he had been during the Adversary hearing in September, and rather than dealing with CPS’ refusal to homeschool the children, the hearing focused only on presenting a lengthy list of “services” the Rembis’ must complete before they can get their children home and out of public school and State custody. William Rembis with some of his children during a CPS supervised visit. 
Claire and William maintain that their children should never have been taken into State custody in the first place, and that the list of “CPS services” they must now complete are a not only a waste of tax-payer money, but also a waste of time, since there never was any abuse or neglect, and CPS allegedly never even substantiated any of their allegations. 
Although there were some “supervision concerns” since their 2-year old “escape artist” got into the front yard momentarily without their knowledge, the Rembis say that their daughter getting into the yard alone was an accident (and could happen to any family), and once they learned of it, locks were immediately added to the garage doors to prevent any further “escapes.” 
The Rembis’ are outraged that their family’s lives have been turned upside down, their children abused and traumatized in state custody, their reputation slandered in the media, and the main “eye-witness” who called CPS and started this entire ordeal is not even a credible witness, according to Claire: 
The caller that called CPS to begin with, ended up changing her story several times under oath & was discovered to be a meth manufacturer who sells it, is a felon with a 12-yr long criminal record that may have been on drugs when she made that CPS report that started this nightmare. Rembis Children Remain in Custody as Retaliation? 
Claire recalled that at the close of the Adversary hearing on September 20th, Judge Hart declared that he saw “nothing to necessitate Terminating Parental Rights,” and that his only concerns were some “supervision issues that could be easily fixed.” 
Yet, even though there was no substantiated “abuse or neglect,” Judge Hart ruled that the children had to remain in custody, saying “ his hands were tied ” because the Rembis family left Lubbock in August, before bringing the children in for CPS interviews, even though there was no court order preventing the family form leaving the state, and they allegedly did nothing illegal by doing so. 
The Rembis’ explain that they left Texas to protect their children from the overzealous CPS worker Kris Stecklein who was harassing them at home and traumatizing the children. The Rembis’ also contend – and they have spoken with attorneys who agree – that the children were illegally extradited from Colorado back to Texas. According to the Rembis’, CPS has defied judges’ orders, broken laws, and committed perjury over and over, yet they suffer no consequences. The Rembis family, who claim their only wrongdoing was “making a mistake” and not noticing when their 2-year-old followed William Rembis outside, continue to suffer at the hands of a corrupt system. 
Are the Rembis’ being “made an example of” because they left Texas and exposed corruption within Lubbock CPS? The Rembis family believes that Judge Hart’s ruling to keep the children in State care is retaliation because the they continue to expose the corruption of CPS and the Family Court system. 
Studies have shown that children are worse off in foster homes than if they remained in a “troubled home,” and many argue that foster care itself is a form of “child abuse,” causing long-term emotional trauma for children. 
In despair for her children, Claire cries: 
I didn’t think my body could make this many tears. Their joy is gone. Their happy faces are sad now. Oh Lord, Heavenly Father, please Lord PLEASE don’t let anything happen to them! 
Are they living with genuinely abused kids that are acting out towards them? 
My husband & I are supposed to just sit back, hands tied & NOT HELP THEM? We’re to hang tight knowing that abused kids & possibly sicko adults are living amongst them in the heavily populated group home? 
For more information on grim foster care statistics, see: The U.S. Foster Care System: Modern Day Slavery and Child Trafficking No Consequence for CPS Defying Homeschool Ruling? 
It was shocking to the Rembis’ that CPS could get away with “defying” the Judges’ previous ruling about homeschooling their children. According to Claire: 
CPS said that they tried to find a homeschool curriculum but were unsuccessful. They mentioned something about a schooling option to do at the foster homes but that each kid had to have a laptop in order to do it so it was not an option they say. They also said that they spoke to Texas Homeschooling Coalition & that they didn’t offer anything that would allow CPS to take the kids to for their schooling. They said that they couldn’t find a foster family willing to homeschool the children. 
They said that the kids are doing really well in school. They said that they aren’t having any behavioral issues. They said that the schools have reported that the kids, “brighten up the school”& that they enjoy having them as students. They said that the kids are enjoying school, except for Sebastian. 
Claire was heartbroken that Judge Hart would not even let her discuss any of the options she had written down to present in court as to how to make homeschooling work, and she was even more heartbroken that her children were remaining in State custody: 
My heart hurts too bad. I feel like I’m slipping away. I don’t even know how to describe this. It feels like I’ve been thrown into a room with a crowd of people with dementia & Alzheimer’s. Then the room is locked from the outside so I can’t get out. Then I’m listening to these people discuss what to do to the kids, how to do it, when to do it, etc… 
And then they point at me & talk about me as though I’m a strange, non-human, defected being that they must bind up & put into a strait jacket with duct tape on my mouth. All the while I can still see & they force me to watch our kids being hurt & crying out in pain, suffering & miserable. Their arms reaching out to me, them crying out to me but I can’t do anything but sit in a chair, unable to move & unable to talk. Can CPS Lie in Court without Consequence? 
Claire says she was appalled at how CPS workers could lie in court on October 5th, without any repercussion: 
Judge asks for case plan. He asks why we haven’t started it since CPS says we received it on 9/23. 
I told him that we hadn’t received it & that we were told that it would be emailed to us on 9/27. CPS argued that I wasn’t told this. I told the judge that the meeting in which we were told this was recorded. 
I also told him that the attorneys (my husbands & the standby one for me) hadn’t received it until the morning of the hearing. He didn’t have a response to this. 
I pointed out that the CPS attorney & CPS workers lied about the case plan. I said to him, ‘I need to point out to you that these (pointed to the CPS, “team”) CPS workers just told you that we received the case plan on September 23rd.’ Then I said to him, ‘This case plan states on the front page that it was created on October 3rd.” 
The CPS team were visibly annoyed, one tapping her foot, the other rolling her eyes. There was silence as he looked at the papers. He didn’t acknowledge what I had just said, just moved on & started asking someone else questions. Claire Claims Judge Hart Insulted Her in Court – Asking if She Knew How to Read and Write Meme supplied by Rembis family. 
Claire was disheartened at the treatment she received from Judge Hart on October 5th: 
After we had a recess of 15 minutes to look over the case plan, I told the judge that I needed more time to look at the case plan; he told me that I needed to put my concerns in written format to submit for another hearing – A hearing simply to go over the case plan. 
Then he asked me if I could read & write! 
I asked him to repeat it. He said the same thing, & I said, ‘Are you serious?!’ & sorta chuckled. He said that he was because he wanted to make sure that if I needed any, ‘special accommodations’ he wanted to provide me with them. 
In hindsight, maybe he was being sarcastic. He is the judge that we had to file a complaint on for violating Williams’ disability rights. He laughed at Willie when he told him that he needed to get closer to the stand in order to hear the judge. Then the judge called him a liar when William explained that he was legally deaf. New Attorney Says Case Should Never Have Gotten This Far 
Claire was reluctant to accept the court-appointed standby attorney Bill de Haas, but after talking to him, she and William are hopeful that de Haas will actually fight for them, and not just be a Family Court puppet-attorney. Claire reports that the attorney has told them that this case should have ended at the first hearing, and the children should never have been taken into custody. 
William fired his other court-appointed attorney, and he and Claire have now accepted de Haas as their legal counsel. They say that de Haas has been very helpful, explaining that it was illegal for Texas to extradite the children from Colorado, and he has been advising them about how they can get the case moved to Colorado, where William has been offered a good-paying job. Alex’s Outcry for Help 
At their October 17th visit, Claire’s 15-year-old son made an “outcry for help,” through a poem he wrote describing his group home, which he gave to his parents. “Dearest String,” a poem by Alex Rembis, given to Claire at a visit. Concerns Over Son Alex Escalate – Suffering in Group Home 
The parents are very concerned about their son Alex: 
Alex is at the end of his rope. He is in the darkest frame of mind that we have ever seen him in. We have asked Andrew to tell us what is happening. The last time I asked him he told me that he couldn’t say – he was staring at a CPS worker when he said this. 
We have the impression that the kids are too afraid to say anything because all of our visitations are monitored by CPS workers. They listen to EVERYTHING we all say. About 5 visitations ago, Aurora was weeping the entire time. She kept stopping to whisper to us that she didn’t want to tell us why because the CPS workers were listening to her. Before we had to leave that day, she just curled up in a ball & screamed, while crying, “I want to go home!!!” 
So, their ability to report & escape abuse is very much hindered. I’m also very concerned about them being manipulated & threatened into keeping quiet about the abuse. “Meet Alex Rembis in happier times. Alex was illegally kidnapped for Texas CPS on 8/24/16. He was taken from a Christian, homeschooling family on false allegations of neglect.” – Claire Rembis 
On October 18th, Claire learned that Alex had a seizure at school: 
Alex was in the hospital. He had a seizure at school this morning. The CPS worker was there but not us. They didn’t take care of him the way that his neurologist told us to if he had another seizure. Jennifer tried to say the seizure was mild and no big deal, but from what she described to me on the phone, it did not sound like a mild seizure. Tragically, the lack of adequate response by CPS/fostercare/school workers could’ve had devastating consequences on his health. 
On October 26th, Alex had a follow-up neurology appointment, where she says she learned that the reason for Alex’s seizure the previous week was because the “group home” failed to give him his daily medication. 
Claire says that during the appointment, she was informing Alex of his rights to talk to the Judge or his attorney, and wrote down some information for him on a note. Claire reports that Garlett wouldn’t let Alex have the note, and when he tried to record his mother’s advice “for his record,” Garlett allegedly put her hand over the recorder and called for security. Social Worker Jennifer Garlett. Photo taken at the recent neurology appointment for Alex Rembis. Boys Depressed and Abused – Want to Come Home 
Claire says that the children have told her that “for some reason the people at the home are being really mean to the boys and that the boys are being abused.” 
Claire and William are very worried for their children’s safety, saying that two of the boys, who live in a group home, confided in her at the October 24th visit that they are depressed and want to come home: 
Holding back tears, Alex shared that he’s depressed because he can’t come home. His brother (14), in the same cottage as him, confided in me that he feels the same way & that he cried himself to sleep because he couldn’t go home. 
This isn’t our son. Alex is a very sweet, joyful, intelligent young man who loves to make people laugh. I told Alex that everyone is praying for him. – I reminded Alex that Jesus’ price paid for healing also includes the healing of the mind. I encouraged him to pray for healing from the depression. I reminded him to seek Jesus who is w/him 24/7 & that Jesus will comfort him. 
I told him how everyone loved his poem & that we ARE listening. Please pray for Alex & his siblings to be returned to their loving home where they belong, before Christmas. The children write and draw on a board during visits. Alex wrote on the board at the 10/24/16 visitation, “I wanna go back to my real home! – Alex” (Photo provided by family) Children Continue to Suffer in Foster Care 
Claire continued to report to Health Impact News about how her children are suffering in state care: 
The kids have been so sick ever since they were taken. The CPS worker says that she is their advocate & the one looking out for their healthcare needs. However, not only is she not getting them the medical care that they need, she is LYING TO US about their health. 
We are POWERLESS over this. We have to sit back, hands tied, mouths shut, forced to watch them suffer but not being able to alleviate it. They need help! That is why God chose our family for them; He’s equipped us to care for them. THEY NEED US NOW. 
At one visit, Aurora had a severe stomach ache and was crying. At the next visit, Aurora was so sick, she couldn’t talk during the visit. Claire writes: 
When the CPS worker Jennifer was answering my questions, Aurora was writing down the answers & correcting her. 
After I asked her why Aurora couldn’t talk, Jennifer said that Aurora wasn’t sick. She then said that Aurora wasn’t on any medication. To that Aurora wrote the response below.[I’m taking meds to make me better] 
When I questioned Jennifer about Aurora not seeing a doctor after complaining about intense abdominal pain the week before at visitation, Aurora wrote down that she had thrown up a few days prior to the visitation. 
During one visit, when Claire changed her toddler’s diaper, she was distressed when she discovered a rash on her daughter’s body from her chest to her feet. Even more troubling, was the fact that the social workers allegedly tried to dissuade Claire from even changing her child’s diaper, saying they would do it later. (Many families have reported that CPS would label parents with “abuse and neglect” had the child been in the family’s care, and wonder, “why is not abuse and neglect when it happens in State care?” ) Editorial: What is R eally Going On with Texas CPS and Foster Care? 
Unfortunately, there are still many readers who read stories like this one incredulously, thinking, “there must be more to the story,” and “CPS would not take children away from good parents without just cause.” While it’s nice to believe that CPS only rescues truly abused and severely neglected children from awful parents, sadly, this just isn’t the case. 
Over 75% of CPS cases nationwide are “neglect cases” due to poverty, simply based on the biased opinion of the caller or social worker that some “basic necessities are being denied.” Once children are moved into foster care, the State’s CPS system can start receiving federal funds for foster care, social workers, judges, medical doctors, attorneys, psychiatrists, therapist, counselors, etc. – for all those who derive a living from this industry. Are we punishing poverty at the expense of future generations, using children as a commodity to create job security for CPS and Family Courts? 
See: Child Kidnapping and Trafficking: A Lucrative U.S. Business Funded by Taxpayers Called “Foster Care” 
Have we allowed the State the dictate the standards for material possessions each member of a family must possess for “life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness”? 
The Rembis’ and their supporters agree that the removal of their children is not only a violation of their Civil and Constitutional Rights , but has caused unjustifiable trauma and abuse to their children and unnecessary stress and hardship to their family. 
This is the type of CPS’ abuse that many families across the country who contact us face every day. Until CPS is exposed for what it truly is – a federally-funded multi-billion-dollar child-trafficking and adoption business – and until families across the world demand that those they elect defund CPS, no family is safe from the tyranny which CPS agents can unleash on them should their family ever come into CPS’ sights. 
Claire shares: 
So many things are uncertain right now. So much fear, so much scary & crazy stuff. We can’t understand how something so terrible can happen. We don’t understand how it can happen to so many families and continue without massive outcry. But what we DO know, is that God is a solid rock. We know that we can trust Him. We know that our time here on earth will be spent allowing Him to work through us. Our eternity will be in paradise, with our Savior, safe & tucked away for His glory. So, as always, we must obey God, rather than man. 
The abuses in Texas CPS and Foster Care have been exposed repeatedly, even in the mainstream media in Texas. For more information see:",0
12646,"Inauguration Protesters Light Fire in Street, Throw Embers at Police - Breitbart","Rioters objecting to the inauguration of President Donald Trump as America’s 45th chief executive have begun to burn waste canisters and newspaper dispensers, tossing the embers at police, according to a reporter on the ground. [Voice of America correspondent Steve Herman posted an image on Twitter showing rioters encircling a street fire, saying that he had witnessed rioters picking up embers and throwing them at police, prompting authorities to call for backup from the DC fire department.  Vandals dressed in black have gathered trash cans, lit them on fire at violent protest in Washington, DC  —   @MSNBC pic. twitter.   —   NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) January 20, 2017,  Happening in front of The Washington Post. pic. twitter.   —   Steven Ginsberg (@stevenjay) January 20, 2017,  Fire. 13 k pic. twitter.   —   Van Applegate (@VBagate) January 20, 2017,  Protesters now dragging park benches over to makeshift bonfire in the middle of K Street. pic. twitter.   —   Matea Gold (@mateagold) January 20, 2017,  Police requesting help from @dcfireems after demonstrators start fire and are throwing embers at officers. #Inauguration2017 pic. twitter.   —   Steve Herman (@W7VOA) January 20, 2017, Protest on K Street against #Trump, one of his fans tries to stop the fire. #inauguration pic. twitter.   —   Holger Stark (@holger_stark) January 20, 2017,     protest fire on K St. A video posted by Travis Tritten (@travis_tritten) on Jan 20, 2017 at 11:43am PST,  Fire started during inauguration protest in DC https:  .  #Fox5POTUS pic. twitter.   —   FOX 5 DC (@fox5dc) January 20, 2017,  Protest outside @washingtonpost HQ is still going. Some protesters are gathered around a garbage fire on K St. #Inauguration pic. twitter.   —   Greg Barber (@gjbarb) January 20, 2017,  Rioters have also begun blocking major Washington roads to express their opposition to President Barack Obama handing the office over to the winner of the 2016 presidential election.   protesters have blocked the  . pic. twitter.   —   Breaking911 (@Breaking911) January 20, 2017, Police have confirmed at least 95 arrests of violent rioters throughout Washington, D. C. today, and at least two police have been injured while attempting to maintain the peace. Protesters have told reporters their acts of vandalism and destruction of property are a stand against “sexism, Islamophobia  …     bigotry and nationalism. ” President Trump took his oath of office at noon on Friday, and has since signed a number of perfunctory executive orders and delivered his inaugural address.",0
12647,Syracuse Lists Pink Signs Aimed at Women as Example of ’Abhorrent’ Bias Incidents - Breitbart,"A new policy at Syracuse University includes in its long list of examples of “bias incidents”   signs for male and female students. [The new policy, which is called “STOP Bias,” encourages students to report instances of discrimination. As an example of a gender bias incident, students are encouraged to file a report if a campus sign is “  pink for girls and blue for boys. ”  We believe that every student should be given a college experience that is free of crime, discrimination, sexual harassment, and any other violation. We strive to foster learning and growth in an environment that is safe and secure, and we lead the way with STOP Bias at Syracuse. Other possible offenses include “using the phrase, ‘no homo,’” “telling jokes based on a stereotype,” and “making a joke about someone being deaf or hard of hearing, or blind, etc. ”   incidents, while abhorrent and intolerable, do not meet the necessary elements required to prove a crime. However,   incidents do require the active participation of a community committed to fundamental human dignity and equality to successfully address them. Please report   incidents to ””>recent study from Stanford University concluded that Americans are now more like to discriminate on the basis of political party affiliation than they are on the basis of race, gender, or sexuality. Americans now discriminate more on the basis of party than on race, gender or any of the other divides we typically think of  —   and that discrimination extends beyond politics into personal relationships and   behaviors. Americans increasingly live in neighborhoods with   partisans, marry fellow partisans and disapprove of their children marrying mates from the other party, and they are more likely to choose partners based on partisanship than physical or personality attributes. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about social justice and libertarian issues for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
12648,UN Slams Aleppo Rebels Amid Accused Poison Gas Attacks,"Rebels Continue Offensive Against Western Aleppo by Jason Ditz, October 30, 2016 Share This 
A coalition of rebels including al-Qaeda’s-Nusra Front and the Free Syrian Army are continuing their offensive against the government-held western half of Aleppo . The UN harshly criticized them for their use of “ indiscriminate ” weapons, warning it could amount to war crimes. 
Perhaps the biggest issue, though as-yet-unproven, is reports that the rebels have begun to use chlorine-filled shells in their attacks. Syrian media reported 35 civilians were suffering from effects of the toxic gas, though the rebels denied using them. 
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported at least 21 people killed over the weekend, amid heavy fighting around western Aleppo. The offensive began Friday, with the Nusra-led rebels trying to end a siege of their eastern half of the city. 
This has been a recurring situation in Aleppo since it boiled down to just the military and this rebel faction, with both sides having repeatedly launched offensives and counter-offensives over the last several months, trading sieges and strikes against one anothers’ neighborhoods. 
This has resulted in heavy casualties for the civilians stuck in the city, facing regular sieges that they are rarely as able to survive as the combatants, and taking the brunt of the rockets, airstrikes, and artillery attacks. The addition of chemical weapons, even primitive ones, threaten to make the matter far worse. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
12649,Venezuelans Ransack Stores as Hunger Grips the Nation - The New York Times,"CUMANÁ, Venezuela  —   With delivery trucks under constant attack, the nation’s food is now transported under armed guard. Soldiers stand watch over bakeries. The police fire rubber bullets at desperate mobs storming grocery stores, pharmacies and butcher shops. A    girl was shot to death as street gangs fought over food. Venezuela is convulsing from hunger. Hundreds of people here in the city of Cumaná, home to one of the region’s independence heroes, marched on a supermarket in recent days, screaming for food. They forced open a large metal gate and poured inside. They snatched water, flour, cornmeal, salt, sugar, potatoes, anything they could find, leaving behind only broken freezers and overturned shelves. And they showed that even in a country with the largest oil reserves in the world, it is possible for people to riot because there is not enough food. In the last two weeks alone, more than 50 food riots, protests and mass looting have erupted around the country. Scores of businesses have been stripped bare or destroyed. At least five people have been killed. This is precisely the Venezuela its leaders vowed to prevent. In one of the nation’s worst moments,  riots spread from Caracas, the capital, in 1989, leaving hundreds dead at the hands of security forces. Known as the “Caracazo,” or the “Caracas clash,” they were set off by low oil prices, cuts in subsidies and a population that was suddenly impoverished. The event seared the memory of a future president, Hugo Chávez, who said the country’s inability to provide for its people, and the state’s repression of the uprising, were the reasons Venezuela needed a socialist revolution. Now his successors find themselves in a similar bind  —   or maybe even worse. The nation is anxiously searching for ways to feed itself. The economic collapse of recent years has left it unable to produce enough food on its own or import what it needs from abroad. Cities have been militarized under an emergency decree from President Nicolás Maduro, the man Mr. Chávez picked to carry on with his revolution before he died three years ago. “If there is no food, there will be more riots,” said Raibelis Henriquez, 19, who waited all day for bread in Cumaná, where at least 22 businesses were attacked in a single day last week. But while the riots and clashes punctuate the country with alarm, it is the hunger that remains the constant source of unease. A staggering 87 percent of Venezuelans say they do not have money to buy enough food, the most recent assessment of living standards by Simón Bolívar University found. About 72 percent of monthly wages are being spent just to buy food, according to the Center for Documentation and Social Analysis, a research group associated with the Venezuelan Teachers Federation. In April, it found that a family would need the equivalent of 16   salaries to properly feed itself. Ask people in this city when they last ate a meal, and many will respond that it was not today. Among them are Leidy Cordova, 37, and her five children  —   Abran, Deliannys, Eliannys, Milianny and Javier Luis  —   ages 1 to 11. On Thursday evening, the entire family had not eaten since lunchtime the day before, when Ms. Cordova made a soup by boiling chicken skin and fat that she had found for a cheap price at the butcher. “My kids tell me they’re hungry,” Ms. Cordova said as her family looked on. “And all I can say to them is to grin and bear it. ” Other families have to choose who eats. Lucila Fonseca, 69, has lymphatic cancer, and her    daughter, Vanessa Furtado, has a brain tumor. Despite also being ill, Ms. Furtado gives up the little food she has on many days so her mother does not skip meals. “I used to be very fat, but no longer,” the daughter said. “We are dying as we live. ” Her mother added, “We are now living on Maduro’s diet: no food, no nothing. ” Economists say years of economic mismanagement  —   worsened by low prices for oil, the nation’s main source of revenue  —   have shattered the food supply. Sugar fields in the country’s agricultural center lie fallow for lack of fertilizers. Unused machinery rots in shuttered   factories. Staples like corn and rice, once exported, now must be imported and arrive in amounts that do not meet the need. In response, Mr. Maduro has tightened his grip over the food supply. Using emergency decrees he signed this year, the president put most food distribution in the hands of a group of citizen brigades loyal to leftists, a measure critics say is reminiscent of food rationing in Cuba. “They’re saying, in other words, you get food if you’re my friend, if you’re my sympathizer,” said Roberto   the director of the Venezuelan Violence Observatory, a human rights group. It was all a new reality for Gabriel Márquez, 24, who grew up in the boom years when Venezuela was rich and empty shelves were unimaginable. He stood in front of the destroyed supermarket where the mob had arrived at Cumaná, an endless expanse of smashed bottles, boxes and scattered shelves. A few people, including a policeman, were searching the wreckage for leftovers to take. “During Carnival, we used to throw eggs at each other just to have some fun,” he said. “Now an egg is like gold. ” Down the coastal road in a small fishing town called Boca de Uchire, hundreds gathered on a bridge this month to protest because the food deliveries were not arriving. Residents demanded to meet the mayor, but when he did not come they sacked a Chinese bodega. Residents hacked open the door with pickaxes and pillaged the shop, venting their anger at a global power that has lent billions of dollars to prop up Venezuela in recent years. “The Chinese won’t sell to us,” said a taxi driver who watched the crowd haul away all that was inside. “So we burn their stores instead. ” Mr. Maduro, who is fighting a push for a referendum to recall him this year over the country’s declines, said it was the political opposition that was behind the attacks on the stores. “They paid a group of criminals, brought them in trucks,” he said on Saturday on television, promising compensation to those who lost property. At the same time, the government also blames an “economic war” for the shortages. It accuses wealthy business owners of hoarding food and charging exorbitant prices, creating artificial shortages to profit from the country’s misery. It has left shop owners feeling under siege, particularly those who do not have Spanish names. “Look how we are working today,” said Maria Basmagi, whose family immigrated from Syria a generation ago, pointing to the metal grate pulled over the window of her shoe store. Her shop was on the commercial boulevard in Barcelona, another coastal town racked by unrest last week. At 11 a. m. the day before, someone screamed that there was an attack on a   kitchen nearby. Every shop on Ms. Basmagi’s street closed down in fear. Other shops stay open, like the bakery in Cumaná where a line of 100 people snaked around a corner. Each person was allowed to buy about a pound of bread. Robert Astudillo, a    father of two, was not sure there would be any left once his turn came. He said he still had corn flour to make arepas, a Venezuelan staple, for his children. They had not eaten meat in months. “We make the arepas small,” he said. In the refrigerator of Araselis Rodriguez and Nestor Daniel Reina, the parents of four small children, there was not even corn flour  —   just a few limes and some bottles of water. The family had eaten bread for breakfast and soup for lunch made from fish that Mr. Reina had managed to catch. The family had nothing for dinner. It has not always been clear what provokes the riots. Is it hunger alone? Or is it some larger anger that has built up in a country that has crumbled? Inés Rodríguez was not sure. She remembered calling out to the crowd of people who had come to sack her restaurant on Tuesday night, offering them all the chicken and rice the restaurant had if they would only leave the furniture and cash register behind. They balked at the offer and simply pushed her aside, Ms. Rodríguez said. “It is the meeting of hunger and crime now,” she said. As she spoke, three trucks with armed patrols drove by, each emblazoned with photos of Mr. Chávez and Mr. Maduro. The trucks were carrying food. “Finally they come here,” Ms. Rodríguez said. “And look what it took to get them. It took this riot to get us something to eat. ”",0
12650,"Insider Leaks Bill’s 2-Word Nickname For Hillary, Exposes Dirty Bad Habits","Email 

No wonder Bill went elsewhere to fulfill his “sexual addiction,” as Dolly referred to it. After all, what else can you do when you’re married to a stinky woman who doesn’t shower and isn’t attracted to men anyways? Although an affair is never justified, it’s easy to sympathize with Bill on this one. But, I digress. 
The bigger point here is what the two are willing to do in order to remain in power. Most people know that you can’t trust Hillary as far as you can throw her – which isn’t very far – so the fact that she has any supporters is beyond baffling at this point. This woman is corrupt and fake to the core. Let’s just hope all of America wakes up to this reality before it’s too late and she can do any more damage than she already has. 
Bill and Hillary Clinton just can’t stay out of the spotlight these days, and the most recent leak about them could be the most damaging yet. As it turns out, someone once close to the duo just came forward to share Bill’s revealing nickname for his wife — but the worse comes as their dirty bedroom habits were exposed. 
It’s no mystery that Bill Clinton is a sexual deviant, but the most recent account given by the woman who had a 3-decade affair with the man is damning, to say the least. According to an exclusive interview given to Mail Online, Dolly Kyle was behind the scene’s long enough to not only know the two’s darkest secrets but even their dirty sexual habits – and now, she’s telling everyone. 
The connection between Dolly and Bill began when she was just 11-years-old. He was about 13-years-old at the time, but Dolly states that there was an immediate attraction, even then. As the years progressed, the two became romantically involved and stayed that way through several of their marriages over the next 30 years. 
The real affair began in 1974 just after Dolly divorced her first husband, and although Bill wasn’t married yet, he would be within the year. Although she was never interested in sharing the intimate details of the relationship, she states that she snapped when she heard Hillary recently say that all sexual assault victims have the “right to be believed.” 
Knowing full well just what Hillary had done – between the threats and the lies – to the many women who either had an affair with or were sexually assaulted by her husband Bill, Dolly knew she had to do something about it. Unfortunately for Hillary, Dolly is now coming forward with the dirty 2-word nickname Bill husband once called Hillary, among other things. 
According to Mail Online, Bill approached Dolly at their high school’s 35-year reunion to talk about “ the warden” – a.k.a. Hillary. Saying he was unhappy with his life and marriage, this was the least significant account Dolly had to share. 
In fact, Dolly recalls that Bill mentioned something about having a baby to her. Although she thought he was saying he wanted to have one with her, he was actually talking about Hillary. He wanted to put to bed the rumors that Hillary was a lesbian, even though everyone in their hometown already knew it to be true. 
Dolly states that the worst came when she met Hillary for the first time. “In that moment I noticed that the woman emitted an overpowering [body] odor of perspiration and greasy hair. I hoped that I wouldn’t gag when she got in my car,” she said. “The sandal-shod woman with lank, smelly hair stood off to the side and glared at everyone.” 
No wonder Bill went elsewhere to fulfill his “sexual addiction,” as Dolly referred to it. After all, what else can you do when you’re married to a stinky woman who doesn’t shower and isn’t attracted to men anyways? Although an affair is never justified, it’s easy to sympathize with Bill on this one. But, I digress. 
The bigger point here is what the two are willing to do in order to remain in power. Most people know that you can’t trust Hillary as far as you can throw her – which isn’t very far – so the fact that she has any supporters is beyond baffling at this point. This woman is corrupt and fake to the core. Let’s just hope all of America wakes up to this reality before it’s too late and she can do any more damage than she already has.",0
12651,What's NaNoWriMo? Your Story. 30 Days. Try it.,"All programs for National Novel Writing Month, Camp NaNoWriMo, and the Young Writers Program are free, but tax-deductible donations are gratefully received. NaNoWriMo has been a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization since 2005. - Advertisement - 
Hundreds of novels which were first drafted during NaNoWriMo have been published: the site lists nearly 400 traditionally published and 200 self published novels. Collage of book covers by Meryl Ann Butler for OpEdNews License DMCA 
Barnes & Noble News lists eight bestsellers that started out as NaNoWriMo projects: 
Sara Gruen's Water for Elephants , was on the best seller lists for over a year and was made into a movie starring Reese Witherspoon and Robert Pattinson - Advertisement - 
Erin Morgenstern's award-winning The Night Circus , spent seven weeks on the NY Times bestselling list and has been published in several languages, film rights were sold to Summit Entertainment. 
Hugh Howey, author of Wool, began by selling ebooks, then he signed a six-figure deal with a major publisher and sold the film rights to 20th Century Fox. 
Marissa Meyer's New York Times-bestselling series of YA redoux of classic fairy tales, including Scarlet, Cress and Cinder, started out as NaNoWriMo projects, as well as Rainbow Rowell's Fangirl , and Jason Hough's The Darwin Elevator 
Each year, authors offer mentorship to participants through pep talks . Past author mentors have included Gene Luen Yang, John Green, N. K. Jemisin, and Veronica Roth. 
Everyone has a story inside. Want to write it in a month? Just sign up. Tell your story",0
12652,2017 Pulitzer Prize Winners - The New York Times,"The Pulitzer Prizes awarded Monday encompassed, among other topics, reporting done on the presidential election a fatal fire in Oakland, Calif. and the attempts by the Russian government to assert its power. • The New York Daily News and ProPublica won the public service award for a series on the New York Police Department’s abuse of a law to force people from their homes over alleged illegal activities. • The New York Times won three prizes, the most for any news organization. • Colson Whitehead and Lynn Nottage were among the winners in the arts categories. Here is the full list: PUBLIC SERVICE ProPublica and The Daily News The series by The Daily News and ProPublica exposed the widespread abuse by the New York Police Department of a   law to bar hundreds of people from their homes and businesses over alleged criminal activity. The investigation, which was led by Sarah Ryley, 36, a journalist for The Daily News, found that the Police Department almost exclusively targeted households and shops in minority neighborhoods. The reporting spurred New York City to pass sweeping reforms. __________ BREAKING NEWS REPORTING The East Bay Times Dozens of journalists at The East Bay Times worked on the coverage of the deadly “Ghost Ship” fire in Oakland, Calif. in December, which killed 36 people at a warehouse party. “We had everybody involved, from investigative reporters to artists to breaking news reporters,” said Neil Chase, the paper’s executive editor. Mr. Chase said the paper, whose reporting also revealed the city’s shortcomings in preventing the tragedy, was donating the cash prize that comes with the award to a local fund for the victims. __________ INVESTIGATIVE REPORTING Eric Eyre, The Charleston   Mr. Eyre (pronounced AIR) 51, won the award for a series of articles about the opioid abuse epidemic in West Virginia. Mr. Eyre, the paper’s statehouse reporter, began his multipart series with these words: “Follow the pills and you’ll find the overdose deaths. ” It took Mr. Eyre years to acquire the documents most important to his reporting, and he did it “in the face of powerful opposition,” according to the Pulitzer citation. A lawyer defending a drug wholesale company said that it was vital to protect crucial court records “from the intrusive journalistic nose of the  . ” __________ EXPLANATORY REPORTING The International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, McClatchy and The Miami Herald A sprawling network of journalists was awarded the prize for their explosive articles on the   Panama Papers. The Pulitzer board commended the “collaboration of more than 300 reporters on six continents to expose the hidden infrastructure and global scale of offshore tax havens. ” The work was originally submitted for the international reporting award, but the board moved it to the explanatory reporting category. __________ LOCAL REPORTING The staff of The Salt Lake Tribune The prize honored reports about “the perverse, punitive and cruel treatment given to sexual assault victims at Brigham Young University. ” The Tribune’s first article said that the university, owned by the Church of Jesus Christ of   Saints, investigated students who reported sex crimes  —   and sometimes disciplined them for breaking rules on curfews and dress codes. The Tribune also found that the school’s Title IX office, to which students could report sexual assaults, regularly alerted the honor code office, which looked into the rule violations. In November, Brigham Young took steps to restructure the Title IX office. The school also said that students who reported sexual assaults would no longer risk having their conduct reviewed by the honor code office. __________ NATIONAL REPORTING David A. Fahrenthold, The Washington Post Mr. Fahrenthold was cited for his reporting during the 2016 presidential campaign, which cast doubt on Donald J. Trump’s “assertions of generosity toward charities. ” A month after Mr. Trump skipped a Republican debate in Iowa to attend a   for veterans, Mr. Fahrenthold found that only about half of the money had gone to veterans’ charities. Mr. Fahrenthold, 39, later found that Mr. Trump had used his own foundation’s money for   legal settlements and purchases that included two portraits of himself. In October, Mr. Fahrenthold received a tip about a video that showed Mr. Trump talking about women in vulgar terms. “The voice you’d heard in so many other contexts was talking in a way we’d never heard before,” Mr. Fahrenthold said Monday. “That’s what made it so powerful. ” __________ INTERNATIONAL REPORTING The staff of The New York Times In “Russia’s Dark Arts,” a team of New York Times journalists across two continents chronicled the covert and sometimes deadly actions taken by President Vladimir V. Putin’s government to grow Russian influence abroad. The series, which began last spring, explored the rise of online “troll armies,” the strategic spreading of disinformation and Russia’s unprecedented  —   and politically consequential  —   cyberattack on the 2016 American presidential election. __________ FEATURE WRITING C. J. Chivers, The New York Times Mr. Chivers, 52, spent months crafting his   portrait of a young combat veteran haunted by his experiences in Afghanistan, who was imprisoned after a violent fight with a stranger. Unflinching yet empathetic, the reporting by Mr. Chivers  —   himself a former Marine  —   prompted the state of Illinois to vacate the veteran’s jail sentence. “The truth literally set a young man free,” Jake Silverstein, the editor of The New York Times Magazine, where the story appeared, said Monday. __________ COMMENTARY Peggy Noonan, The Wall Street Journal Ms. Noonan, 66, has been a longtime observer and participant in the political sphere, having worked as a speechwriter to President Ronald Reagan. Her winning columns addressed the bruising 2016 campaign season and the rise of Mr. Trump, analyzing his populist appeal and his effect on the Republican Party. Paul Gigot, the editor of The Wall Street Journal’s editorial page, wrote in a memo to the newsroom, “Peggy didn’t shrink from addressing Trump’s many flaws as a candidate, but she always showed great respect for the intelligence of voters and explained the currents of American life and politics that catapulted Trump to the White House. ” __________ CRITICISM Hilton Als, The New Yorker A staff writer at The New Yorker since 1994, Mr. Als, 56, was praised for reviews that “strove to put stage dramas within a   cultural context,” particularly when it comes to themes of gender, sexuality and race. Mr. Als, who was a finalist last year, is known for stylish and trenchant prose, and won the honor for a set of 10 pieces that covered works including “The Color Purple” and “Dear Evan Hansen. ” American theater, he said in an interview, is an a transitional state. “We’re living in an amazing age,” he said. “All kinds of stories are going to be told now that just didn’t get an audience before. That’s thrilling to me. ” __________ EDITORIAL WRITING Art Cullen, The Storm Lake Times There is no mistaking the anger in the voice of The Storm Lake Times when it writes about the legacy of big agriculture: “Anyone with eyes and a nose knows in his gut that Iowa has the dirtiest surface water in America. ” That voice is personal, too. It belongs to Mr. Cullen, 59, who owns the newspaper with his brother John. The Times comes out twice a week and has a circulation of 3, 000. Among its admiring readers were Pulitzer jurors. They cited Mr. Cullen’s “tenacious reporting, impressive expertise and engaging writing. ” __________ EDITORIAL CARTOONING Jim Morin, The Miami Herald The looming ogre of “Nationalism,” armed with a malevolent grin and the club of “Racism,” opened the door and cast his menacing shadow last June. “Hello,” he said. “Remember me?” For this and other work portraying a frightening America, Mr. Morin, 64, earned his second Pulitzer Prize. (The first was in 1996.) The Pulitzer jurors said he “delivered sharp perspectives through flawless artistry, biting prose and crisp wit. ” __________ BREAKING NEWS PHOTOGRAPHY Daniel Berehulak, The New York Times Mr. Berehulak, 41, was recognized for work that showed “the callous disregard for human life in the Philippines brought about by a government assault on drug dealers and users. ” On Monday, Mr. Berehulak described observing “an assembly line of   murder” over 35 days in Manila. He dedicated his award to the families of those killed, saying he hoped “their pain might somehow be remedied by justice. ” He was previously awarded a Pulitzer Prize for feature photography in 2015 for his work documenting the Ebola epidemic in West Africa. __________ FEATURE PHOTOGRAPHY E. Jason Wambsgans, The Chicago Tribune Mr. Wambsgans, 44, was honored for his portrayal of a    boy and his mother after the boy survived a shooting in Chicago. He has mainly photographed violence in the city for the past four years. “Because he and his mother were so open, it was just a deeper level of intimacy than we’re typically able to convey,” Mr. Wambsgans said. “It’s kind of a bittersweet thing because there’s not a week that goes by that I don’t worry about this boy and his future. ” __________ FICTION Colson Whitehead, “The Underground Railroad” When he was working on his hallucinatory and chilling novel, which reimagines American slavery, Mr. Whitehead studied works by masters of magical realism, including Toni Morrison’s “Beloved” and Gabriel García Márquez’s “One Hundred Years of Solitude. ” His aim was to write about “the fantastic with a straight face. ” Mr. Whitehead, 47, said the critical reactions to the book have been enormously gratifying (the novel also won the National Book Award). But one of the most meaningful responses came from a stranger who approached him in a bookstore. “She said, ‘Your book made me a more empathetic person,’” he said. __________ DRAMA Lynn Nottage, “Sweat” Ms. Nottage’s play explores   alienation in Reading, Pa. a city that has been hurt by deindustrialization. The Pulitzer citation called “Sweat,” which is currently running on Broadway, “a nuanced yet powerful drama that reminds audiences of the stacked deck still facing workers searching for the American dream. ” “I was trying to understand how economic stagnation is reshaping our cultural narrative,” Ms. Nottage said, “and wanting to tell the story of what was happening to people on the ground in a way that was truthful and emotional and unapologetic. ” This is the second Pulitzer Prize for Ms. Nottage, 52, who won in 2009 for “Ruined,” a play about rape in the Democratic Republic of Congo. __________ HISTORY Heather Ann Thompson, “Blood in the Water” Ms. Thompson spent 13 years researching this account of the Attica prison uprising, which the Pulitzer board cited as “a narrative history that sets high standards for scholarly judgment and tenacity of inquiry. ” In addition to extensive archival research, Ms. Thompson, 53, interviewed dozens of survivors, participants and observers, many of whom spent decades fighting to uncover the truth about the violent retaking that left 39 prisoners and hostages dead. “This was a story that the people inside of that prison have been trying to tell for 45 years,” she said. __________ BIOGRAPHY Hisham Matar, “The Return: Fathers, Sons and the Land in Between” Mr. Matar was a    student in England when his father, a prominent critic of the government of Col. Muammar   living in exile, was kidnapped and taken to a secret prison in Libya. This memoir recounts Mr. Matar’s return to his homeland 22 years later, after the fall of that government, to find out what happened to him. The Pulitzer citation called it “a   elegy for home and father,” executed with “controlled emotion. ” In an interview last year with The New York Times, Mr. Matar, 46, was asked to imagine what his father would have made of his journey. “My failure to cure myself of Libya would have amused and perhaps even comforted him,” Mr. Matar said. “My search for him would have not. He wanted me, above all things, to be free and happy. ” __________ POETRY Tyehimba Jess, “Olio” Mr. Jess’s second book of poems is a kaleidoscopic and formally ambitious collection about   artists between the Civil War and World War I, and the ways in which they both fought against and tried to make creative use of the cultural pressures of minstrelsy. Scott Joplin plays a prominent role in the book’s imagination, as do less   figures, most but not all musicians. “American music is critically and fundamentally tied to the   experience, the experience of a people who were denied access to literacy for most of our time in this country through slavery,” Mr. Jess, 51, said in an interview in March with The New School. “They were forced to forge another kind of literacy through the music. ” __________ GENERAL NONFICTION Matthew Desmond, “Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City” In his meticulously reported book, Mr. Desmond, a sociologist, followed eight impoverished families in Milwaukee as they struggled to make rent. Mr. Desmond, 37, a director of the Justice and Poverty Project at Harvard, said he decided to investigate the causes and the repercussions of evictions as a way to write about the systemic causes of poverty in the United States. “America’s the richest country, with the worst poverty,” he said. “That ugly fact has troubled me for a long time, and I wanted to understand the role that housing plays. ” __________ MUSIC Du Yun, “Angel’s Bone”  Ms. Du, 39, won for her savage chamber opera, a collaboration with the librettist Royce Vavrek, which finds an allegory for human trafficking in the story of two angels who are brutally mistreated after they   in a suburban backyard. “In the U. S. trafficking seems very far from us, in Southeast Asia or Eastern Europe,” she said. “But it’s happening right in front of our eyes. And that’s how this arose, to be able to create a platform that’s not didactic, but a work that allows ideas to blossom. ”",0
12653,Forbidden History. Secret Egyptology Exposed!,"Forbidden History. Secret Egyptology Exposed! # Grey 0 
They built the Sphinx of Giza ancient Egyptians four thousand years ago, and it is responsible for elder completely unknown civilization? What do we know about the history of mankind? Tags",0
12654,The Email That Got John Podesta Hacked,"The Email That Got John Podesta Hacked Latest WikiLeaks dump reveals phishing email that compromised Podesta Mikael Thalen - October 28, 2016 Comments 
The email that lead to the hack of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta’s Gmail account was published online Friday by WikiLeaks. 
The malicious March 2016 email, which claims to be from Google, asked Podesta to change his password due to unauthorized access from an IP address in the Ukraine. 
Clinton campaign staff members who viewed the email were convinced it was genuine. Clinton insider Sara Latham argued “The gmail one is REAL” while even Clinton campaign IT specialist Charles Delavan said “This is a legitimate email.” 
The first suspicious aspect of the email, unnoticed by the Clinton camp, was the “bit.ly” password reset link. Bitly, a website that shortens long web addresses, would not be found in an official email from Google. 
As first reported by Motherboard earlier this month, examination of the Bitly link that redirected Podesta to a fake Google webpage also contained several red flags. 
The Bitly link helped hide not only the fact that the landing page ended in “.tk” instead of “.com” but that the web page itself failed to use HTTPS encryption. Such links were also likely used to fool Google’s spam filters. 
Prior analysis of the phishing link by cybersecurity group SecureWorks revealed the hackers also made a significant operation security mistake – they failed to make their two Bitly accounts private. 
The public accounts revealed the hackers had created 8,909 similar links to use against 3,907 Gmail accounts between October 2015 and May 2016. 
SecureWorks notes that the targets included “individuals in Russia and the former Soviet states, current and former military and government personnel in the U.S. and Europe, individuals working in the defense and government supply chain, and authors and journalists.” 
Accounts linked to the 2016 election were also in the hackers’ sights. 
“Specific targets include staff working for or associated with Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee (DNC), including individuals managing Clinton’s communications, travel, campaign finances, and advising her on policy.” 
Thomas Rid, a professor at King’s college, displayed on Twitter how decoding the phishing links could reveal the specific emails being targeted. 
Click to enlarge Interestingly, former Secretary of State Colin Powell, whose emails were released by the website DCLeaks in September, was also targeted by the same hackers. 
Click to enlarge This connection suggests the hackers who provided WikiLeaks with the Podesta emails and DCLeaks with the Powell emails are likely one in the same. The Bitly accounts are also behind the malicious email sent to retired four-star General Philip Mark Breedlove – whose emails appeared on DCLeaks in April. 
Numerous cybersecurity groups have accused the Russian government of being responsible not only for the above election season hacks but for creating DCLeaks and Guccifer 2.0. to disseminate the data. The U.S. government also publicly blamed Russia on October 7 just one week before the CIA was tasked with preparing a possible retaliatory “ cyber strike .” 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has denied involvement, arguing that the contents of the hacks are far more important than who is responsible. 
“Listen, does it even matter who hacked this data?’’ Putin said on September 1. “The important thing is the content that was given to the public.’’ 
Putin again dismissed US “hysteria” concerning the hacks on Thursday during an annual speech at the Valdai Discussion Club in Sochi. 
“Hysteria has been whipped up in the United States about the influence of Russia over the U.S. presidential election,” he said. “It’s much simpler to distract people with so-called Russian hackers, spies, and agents of influence. Does anyone really think that Russia could influence the American people’s choice in any way? Is America a banana republic or what? America is a great power.” NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars Crew. Related Articles",0
12655,Comment on A.D.H.D. Nation: How Big Pharma Created The A.D.H.D. Epidemic by Almost No Children In France Are Medicated For ADHD: Here’s How They Define & Treat It – Collective Evolution,"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter While I was at university, many of my peers would take Adderall, a drug commonly used to treat Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (A.D.H.D.), to help them study or maintain focus while writing an exam. It was somewhat of a social norm and no one seemed to care why because it was so popular; however, I believe it is a clear representation of the social and academic pressures imposed on children to be “successful.”   It also begs the question: How are so many kids gaining access to Adderall? Author and journalist Alan Schwarz explains that American children are not only severely over-diagnosed with A.D.H.D., but also frighteningly under-educated on the drugs they’re being prescribed, so they end up selling the pills instead of taking them. Well-known for his investigative reporting on how Big Pharma manufactured the “A.D.H.D. Nation” through advertising and doctor bribery, Schwarz recently published his book A.D.H.D. Nation using a term he coined to describe the widespread mishandling and misdiagnosis of the disorder. How A.D.H.D. Became An Over-Diagnosed Disorder According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), approximately 11% of children between the ages of 4 and 17 have been diagnosed with A.D.H.D. as of 2011. However, if you ask the American Psychiatric Association, they maintain that even though only 5% of American children suffer from the disorder, the diagnosis is actually given to around 15% of American children. This number has been steadily rising , jumping from 7.8% in 2003 to 9.5% in 2007. Schwarz identifies two main themes involved with A.D.H.D. misdiagnosis: the pharmaceutical industry’s role in pushing A.D.H.D. drugs, and doctors failing to identify the root cause of children’s behavioural issues. In an interview with Scientific American , Schwarz explains: “Many kids have problems and need help—but those problems in many cases will derive from trauma, anxiety, family discord, poor sleep or diet, bullying at school and more. We must not abandon them. We must help. But we must also be more judicious in how we do that, rather than reflexively giving them a diagnosis of what is generally described as a serious, lifelong brain disorder.” Big Pharma’s Role in Widespread A.D.H.D. Misdiagnosis It’s no secret that pharmaceutical companies essentially buy out the medical industry. As with many other diseases and disorders, when it comes to A.D.H.D., pharmaceutical companies have paid doctors and researchers to overstate the dangers of A.D.H.D. and the benefits of taking their drugs and understate the negative side effects. It’s easy for people to believe this misguided information when it’s affiliated with well-known universities like Harvard and Johns Hopkins. Many people don’t even realize that these studies are funded by the very companies that profit from the drugs’ sale because that relationship is hidden in small print ( source ). Even though many of the advertisements Big Pharma has released state that A.D.H.D. medication is “ safer than aspirin ,” these drugs can have significant side effects and are actually considered to be within the same class as morphine and oxycodone due to high risk of abuse and addiction. You can’t just blame all doctors, either; many of them genuinely believe they’re helping these children because of the information they’ve been given in these studies and by Big Pharma. Big Pharma creates advertisements for A.D.H.D. drugs that are specifically targeted at parents, describing how these drugs can improve test scores and behaviour at home, among other false claims. One of the most controversial ones was a 2009 ad for Intuniv, Shire’s A.D.H.D. treatment, which included a child in a monster costume taking off his terrifying mask to reveal his calm, smiling self with a text reading, “There’s a great kid in there.” The FDA has stepped in multiple times, sending pharmaceutical companies warning letters or even forcing them to take down their ads because they are false, misleading, and/or exaggerate the effects of their drugs ( source ). The following New York Times video was created by Schwarz and Poh Si Teng: What Is A.D.H.D. and Is It Even Real? If brain scans are performed on people with A.D.H.D., there are clear structural differences; however, the majority of A.D.H.D. diagnoses are confirmed by observation, and often not even by a doctor. Parents or school teachers are typically responsible for observing a child’s actions, and if they fit the “criteria” for A.D.H.D., doctors confirm the diagnosis and hand them a prescription. Instead of getting to the root of these children’s “attention deficit,” they are told they have a medical condition that can only be fixed with medication. This is not only unethical, but also clearly damaging to a child’s self esteem. Many of these kids could simply be uninterested in the subject matter, suffering from some sort of emotional trauma, or even have heightened creativity and energy! Many doctors question the legitimacy of A.D.H.D. in general and whether or not it should be classified as a mental disorder. This is largely because the definition of this and similar disorders is usually heavily influenced by the pharmaceutical industry. American psychologist Lisa Cosgrove and others investigated financial ties between the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) panel members and the pharmaceutical industry. Their findings showed that, of the 170 DSM panel members, 95 (56%) had one or more financial associations with companies in the pharmaceutical industry and 100% of the members of the panels on ‘mood disorders’ and ‘schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders’ had financial ties to drug companies (read our article about it here ). Keep Evolving Your Consciousness Inspiration and all our best content, straight to your inbox. Neurologist Richard Saul spent his career examining patients who struggle with short attention spans and difficulty focusing. His extensive experience has led him to believe that A.D.H.D. isn’t actually a disorder, but rather an umbrella of symptoms that shouldn’t be considered a disease. Thus, Saul believes it shouldn’t be listed as a separate disorder in the American Psychiatric Association’s Diagnostic & Statistical Manual. You can read more about his opinion in our article here . No matter what your stance on A.D.H.D. is, it is clear that too many children are being diagnosed with it and handed prescriptions without proper medical evaluations. If you or a loved one has just been diagnosed with A.D.H.D., I suggest you do your own research on the subject instead of simply taking drugs for a “mental disorder” that may have been falsely diagnosed. Related CE Articles:",0
12656,Comment on The Most Dangerous & Heavily Promoted Prescription Drugs & Their Potential Natural Alternatives by The best kind of addiction – wghyelimblog,"advertisement - learn more Prescription drugs are the 4th leading cause of death in the world. If that’s not enough to make you shriek, I’m not sure what will. The pharmaceutical industry is committing a silent holocaust around the globe. It works like this: People are sick because they aren’t getting proper nutritients. Then they are covering up their sickness with a doctor-prescribed pill. But this is causing some serious side effects, leading their doctors to prescribe more pills to conceal those side effects. Rinse and repeat. The following is a list of the 7 most dangerous and heavily promoted prescription drugs with some natural alternatives. 1) Prednisone or Cortisone What’s the deal? U sed to treat rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, asthma, allergies and many other conditions. Corticosteroids mimic the effects of hormones your body produces naturally in your adrenal glands, which sit on top of your kidneys. When prescribed in doses that exceed your body’s usual levels, corticosteroids suppress inflammation. What are the side effects? High blood sugar, which can trigger or worsen diabetes Increased risk of infections Thinning bones (osteoporosis) and fractures Suppressed adrenal gland hormone production Thin skin, easy bruising and slower wound healing Alternatives: Raw whole food diet. Read about Maya’s story HERE. 2) Methotrexate ­& Other Chemotherapeutic Agents What’s the deal? For the most part, Methotrexate is used alone or together with other medicines to treat several types of cancer such as breast, head and neck, lung, blood, bone, lymph node and uterus cancers. What are the side effects? Cause fetal death and congenital anomalies. Liver and Kidney toxicity. Lung disease ­ which can be fatal. Reacts with NSAID’s ­ which can be fatal. May cause intestinal bleeding and ulceration. Depresses the immune system. Alternatives: Read more HERE . 3) Coumadin or Warfarin What’s the deal? Anticoagulant (blood thinner) which prevents the formation and migration of blood clots. What are the side effects? Haemorrhage (bleeding) Alternatives: Vitamin C – 1,000 mgs. daily . Vitamin C coats the red blood cell (RBC’s) walls and prevents them from breaking and bleeding. However, too much Vitamin C inhibits the absorption of calcium. Vitamin E ­- 400 IU. Vitamin E coats RBC’s and binds collagen in blood vessels to prevent bleeding and strokes. OPC 165 (all natural anti-oxidant blend) . 4) Cholesterol Lowering Drugs ­ What’s the deal? There are multiple types. Some of these drugs ( Atromid and Lopid) work by absorbing bile acids which are produced from cholesterol in the intestinal tract and cause them to be excreted, thereby lowering the levels of cholesterol circulating in the blood. Statin drugs reduce production of cholesterol in the liver and alter the way in which LDL cholesterol enters the cells. What are the side effects? Myositis – inflammation of the muscles. Rhabdomyolysis (rare) – W ith this condition, muscles all over the body become painful and weak. The severely damaged muscles release proteins into the blood that collect in the kidneys. The kidneys can become damaged trying to eliminate a large amount of muscle breakdown caused by statin use. This can ultimately lead to kidney failure. Alternatives: Fish, whole foods – oats, nuts, beans, spinach, avocado. 5) Prozac (anti-depressants) What’s the deal? Prozac, Zoloft, Paxil, Lovan and Luvox belong to a class of drugs which alter the mechanism that balances levels of the neurotransmitter serotonin in the brain. Serotonin affects mood, agitation, anxiety and sleep. These drugs mock the re-uptake or removal of serotonin by nerve cells in the brain, thus leaving more serotonin to bind to the receptor sites. This has been shown to alter mood and behavior. What are the side effects? The FDA has admitted that antidepressants can worsen depression and suicidal symptoms in some patients. Other side effects include: nausea increased appetite and weight gain loss of sexual desire and other sexual problems, such as erectile dysfunction and decreased orgasm fatigue and drowsiness",0
12657,"Video: These People Were There When Kennedy Was Shot, And Their Stories Are Incredible","Click Counter 0 0 0 0 ClickHole uses invented names in all of its stories, except in cases where public figures are being satirized. Any other use of real names is accidental and coincidental. ClickHole is not intended for readers under 18 years of age. © Copyright 2016 Onion Inc. All Rights Reserved.",0
12658,Texas Governor Signs Law to Crackdown on Teacher Sex Misconduct,"Texas Governor Greg Abbott signed a bill into law Thursday that crack downs on the vexing epidemic of sexual misconduct by the state’s teachers with students. [“Unfortunately, a small number of teachers are tarnishing the image of some of our best and brightest teachers,” said Abbott at a signing ceremony in the State Capitol building flanked by several key legislators, notably Senator Paul Bettencourt ( ) who authored this piece of legislation, Senate Bill 7, and has called the   year upward surge in these improper   relationships a statewide plague.  “Texas has racked up a dubious ranking, a ranking that has an incredibly high number of inappropriate   relationships,” added Abbott. “Today, by signing this law, we’re saying no more are we going to allow that to happen. ” Abbott continued onto say that under S. B. 7 Texas is “going to impose real and stiff consequences for any teacher who dares to have an inappropriate relationship with one of his or her students. ” The Governor expressed dismay that “unbelievably” some of these purported teacher sex offenders against whom accusations are made and cases even proven “have faced no real consequences. ” This law mandates the automatic revocation of a teaching license when an educator receives deferred adjudication or must register as a sex offender for this abhorrent behavior. It may also result in jail time. S. B. 7 also holds principals and superintendents to account with fines and jail time when they look the other way and purposely fail to report teacher wanton misdeeds to the Texas Education Agency (TEA). Even an administrator’s unintentional failure to report sexual misconduct results in a $500 fine. S. B. 7 also criminalizes when an educator becomes romantically involved with a student under 18 years old, regardless of what school district the teacher works or where a student attends classes, which, until now, was not an offense. While the law does not not name a particular curriculum, it requires that teachers attend an ongoing percentage of professional development classes to ensure they maintain “appropriate relationships, boundaries, and communications between educators and students. ” Abbott concluded: “I am proud to sign S. B. 7 to restore the trust that should exist between teachers and students, and also between parents and teachers to ensure that our schools remain a place where a child can go into that school with excitement to explore, to learn and to advance. ” Breitbart Texas reported that, since 2008, the number of these cases opened by the Educator Investigations Unit of the Texas Education Agency (TEA) jumped 80 percent to an alarming all time high of 222 reported incidences in the   school year. So startling the numbers, the TEA asked state lawmakers to fund nearly $400, 000 in their   academic budget for hiring two investigators and one administrator to better tackle the problem. The agency opened 159 new cases between September 1, 2016 and March 31, 2017 they estimated a 65 percent increase in these improper   sexual interludes statewide from April 2015 to April 2017. At the signing ceremony, Abbott thanked Bettencourt for his leadership. Also present were Education Commissioner Mike Morath Representative Tony Dale (  Rock) who authored companion House legislation plus two adopted S. B. 7 amendments and Lt. Governor Dan Patrick, who named this issue one of his top 10 legislative priorities for the state’s 85th Legislature. During the interim session, Patrick charged Senate Education Committee members with developing policy solutions for this troubling problem. Representative Gary VanDeaver (  Boston) attended in the place of the bill’s House sponsor Ken King ( ). S. B. 7 has been among the few education related bills both chambers agreed upon, passing unanimously through the Senate and the House. Following the signing ceremony, Bettencourt commented, “It is very clear that the scourge of teachers preying on students for sexual relationships will not be tolerated. ” He thanked Abbott for signing the bill and Patrick plus his fellow legislators for their full support. “It’s time for inappropriate   relationships to be stamped out. ” This law goes into effect on September 1. Follow Merrill Hope, a member of the original Breitbart Texas team, on Twitter.",0
12659,9 in Navy Disciplined Over Iran’s Capture of Sailors - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Four hours behind schedule and 300 miles from their destination in Bahrain, the crews of two Navy patrol boats figured they had to make up time somehow. Immediately after leaving port in Kuwait, they veered off their planned route through the Persian Gulf, and their troubles began. First they accidentally sailed through Saudi Arabia’s territorial waters. Then one of the boats broke down while passing less than two miles from an   island. When Iranian military boats swarmed the American vessels, they tried to get away. But the Iranians blocked their path and took the crews captive. Navy officials on Thursday gave that account of the encounter in January that resulted in the detention of 10 American naval personnel for about 15 hours by the Iran’s Revolutionary Guards. In a stinging report, the officials described numerous mistakes in the way the mission was planned and executed, and they laid out the reasons some sailors were responsible, both on the boats and up the chain of command. Nine officers and enlisted sailors  —   including a captain and the commanding officer of the boats  —   face discipline, with some being relieved of command because of the episode, which embarrassed the service and occurred just hours before President Obama gave his last State of Union address. “Our actions on that day in January and this incident did not live up to our expectations of our Navy,”  Adm. John M. Richardson, the chief of Naval operations, said Thursday. He added: “Big incidents like this are always the result of the accumulation of a number of small problems. And so it’s just the nature of these things.” At the time of the encounter, Republicans assailed the Obama administration for tolerating the way the sailors were treated by their Iranian captors, who blindfolded them and held them at gunpoint. But senior administration officials  —   including Secretary of State John Kerry, who corresponded with his Iranian counterpart during the episode  —   thanked the Iranians for quickly resolving it. Administration officials said that was a positive outgrowth of the diplomatic channels between the United States and Iran opened by the nuclear deal struck last year. The report issued Thursday was much more critical of the Iranians and painted a starker picture of what occurred after one of the boats  —   known as riverine command boats  —   began having engine problems. As it was being repaired, two Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps navy boats approached the American boats at high speeds, the report said. Shortly thereafter, two more Iranian boats arrived at the scene. “Now overmatched, the riverine command boat crews submitted to the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps navy’s direction,” the report said. The Iranians “boarded, searched and seized the riverine command boats, and then searched, blindfolded and bound the crew. They struck the U. S. flag, replacing it with their own. Two sailors were forced at gunpoint to drive the riverine command boats to Farsi Island. ” On the island, the crews were put in a room and interrogated as a group. Then several of them were questioned individually, and at least some of those interviews were taped. The following morning, the crews were given food and filmed by an Iranian television crew. The crew’s captain was given a script to read off to the camera, apologizing for the episode. He refused but was told that if he did not read it, they were not going to be released. He read the statement, and this was shown on Iranian television. The crews were then blindfolded, taken back to their boats and given permission to leave. They met up with an American Navy ship and were taken off the boats and flown to an American base in Qatar, where the military interviewed the sailors. The report acknowledged that the American boats were in Iranian waters, but said Iran had violated international law by preventing them from leaving. “These two boats and their crew members had every right to be where they were on that day,” Admiral Richardson said at a news conference at the Pentagon. Although the Iranians were within their rights to investigate why the boats were near the island, Navy officials said, they violated international law by holding the sailors at gunpoint, videotaping interviews with them and damaging equipment on their boats. In a speech a day after the episode, Mr. Kerry said that “all indications suggest or tell us that our sailors were well taken care of, provided with blankets and food, and assisted with their return to the fleet earlier today. ” He said “this kind of issue was able to be peacefully resolved and efficiently resolved, and that is a testament to the critical role that diplomacy plays in keeping our country safe, secure and strong. ” But in March, Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter told the Senate Armed Services Committee that Iran may have violated international law when it seized the sailors, saying “Iran’s actions were outrageous, unprofessional and inconsistent with international law. ” The report released Thursday was far more explicit.",0
12660,Who Took the Mercury Out of Vaccines?,"(4 fans) - Advertisement - 
Jill Stein, a medical doctor who is running for President on the Green Party ticket, has claimed that the pharmaceutical industry has a corrupting influence on the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). She has also claimed that she was part of a public-health movement that led to the removal of mercury from childhood vaccines. In reality, we have no evidence that the mercury in childhood vaccines was causing any harm. Nor was any grassroots organization, other than the American Academy of Pediatrics, involved in the decision to stop using a mercury compound called thimerosal as a preservative in vaccines. (Stein is an internist, not a pediatrician.) The decision to make childhood vaccinations mercury-free was made by the FDA and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Prominent antivaccination activists started speaking out about mercury in vaccines only after the vaccines became mercury-free. 
It is disturbing that Republican and Green Party presidential hopefuls, including some medical doctors, have been using the talking points of the antivaccination movement. What's worse is that any medical doctor, and especially any medical doctor who wants to be chief executive of the federal government, does not seem to know how the federal government works to protect public health. 
Many laymen were horrified to hear that a mercury compound was ever being used as an ingredient in childhood vaccines. Yet that mercury compound is a powerful preservative that was being used to solve a serious safety problem. This problem became obvious in 1928, in a disaster called the Bundaberg Tragedy. A bottle of diphtheria vaccine in a doctor's office in Bundaberg, Queensland, Australia, became contaminated with a bacterium called golden staph (Staphylococcus aureus). The bacterium was probably carried into the bottle by the needle that was used to draw out one of the first doses from the bottle. Then, the bacteria grew inside the bottle as it sat on a shelf between doses. Twelve of the children who received vaccine from this contaminated bottle died. Five others became seriously ill but recovered. To prevent a similar tragedy from happening in the United States, the US Code of Federal Regulations (21CFR610.15) requires vaccine makers to put a preservative in multiple-dose containers of practically all vaccines. Single-dose containers can be preservative-free but are more expensive. 
The regulation does not specify which preservatives must be used. However, it does say that the preservative must be ""sufficiently nontoxic so that the amount present in the recommended dose of the product will not be toxic to the recipient."" Also, the preservative must not interfere with the potency of the vaccine. Thimerosal has been used since the 1930s as a preservative in vaccines because it was the most effective option, it did not interfere with the potency of the vaccine, and it was well tolerated. Thimerosal has also been used as a preservative in contact-lens solutions. Even today, despite an extensive research effort, we have no evidence that the use of thimerosal in vaccines has caused any health problems. 
The person who raised the question of the mercury content of medicines (not specifically vaccines) was Frank Pallone, a Democratic Congressman from New Jersey. In 1997, he introduced an amendment to the FDA's reauthorization bill. This amendment gave FDA two years to compile a list of all medicinal products that contain mercury compounds as ingredients. The FDA had to analyze what kind of mercury compound was in each product, and how much of each mercury compound the product contains. In response to this congressional mandate, the FDA revisited the question of how much exposure children were getting to thimerosal through their vaccinations. 
Because of the introduction of some new vaccines, the amount of thimerosal that children were receiving had gone up. In 1999, scientists at the FDA calculated that the recommended vaccines would deliver a total of 187.5 micrograms of mercury. (A microgram is a millionth of a gram.) However, there was no reliable way to judge whether this amount of mercury exposure is a problem. In the human body, thimerosal is broken down into ethylmercury, but the federal guidelines on mercury toxicity were based on methylmercury. To be on the safe side, the scientists assumed that ethylmercury would be just as dangerous as methylmercury. (We now know that it is not, because it is quickly eliminated through the kidneys.) So they suggested that steps be taken to reduce thimerosal exposure. Back in 1999, we had no evidence that the thimerosal in vaccines was causing problems. By now, we have evidence that it was not causing any of the health problems that were investigated. However, it did become a serious public-relations problem. - Advertisement - 
The FDA and the CDC take vaccine safety seriously. As a result, the recommended vaccines are amazingly safe. Yet there is one thing that we can do to improve safety still further, while restoring public trust in the public-health authorities. We must focus on driving diseases like polio, measles, and rubella into extinction through vaccination. Once a disease is extinct, everyone is protected against it, forever. As a result, children do not need to be exposed to even the minimal risks, and the discomfort, of the vaccination. Instantly, the sales of the vaccine drop to zero. By working to eradicate a vaccine-preventable disease, we public-health activists make it crystal clear that our goal is public health, not private profit. - Advertisement -",0
12662,Donald Trump’s Longtime Doctor Says President Takes Hair-Growth Drug - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump takes medication for three ailments, including a   drug to promote hair growth, Mr. Trump’s longtime physician, Dr. Harold N. Bornstein, said in a series of recent interviews. The other drugs are antibiotics to control rosacea, a common skin problem, and a statin for elevated blood cholesterol and lipids. Dr. Bornstein, who spoke by telephone in four interviews over the past month, also said that Mr. Trump takes a daily baby aspirin to reduce the risk of a heart attack. Over all, he pronounced Mr. Trump healthy and his medical care “as exactly up to date. ” Dr. Bornstein granted the interviews after The New York Times asked him to discuss his role in Mr. Trump’s care and to clarify and expand on earlier statements he made about his patient’s health during the presidential campaign. In recent decades, The Times has interviewed presidents, presidential candidates and their doctors about their health. At 70, Mr. Trump is the oldest person to become president. White House officials declined to comment on Wednesday night on the information provided by Dr. Bornstein, and would not say whether he was still Mr. Trump’s physician. The disclosure that Mr. Trump uses a   drug to maintain growth of his scalp hair, which has not been publicly known, appears to solve a riddle of why Mr. Trump has a very low level of prostate specific antigen, or PSA, a marker for prostate cancer. Mr. Trump takes a small dose of the drug, finasteride, which lowers PSA levels. Finasteride is marketed as Propecia to treat   baldness. Dr. Bornstein said he also took finasteride and credited it for helping maintain his own   hair and Mr. Trump’s hair. “He has all his hair,” Dr. Bornstein said. “I have all my hair. ” Dr. Bornstein, 69, has a private practice on the Upper East Side of New York, was educated at Tufts University for college and medical school, did his fellowship in gastroenterology at Yale, and was Mr. Trump’s personal physician since 1980. He said that he had had no contact with Mr. Trump since he became president, and that no one from Mr. Trump’s White House staff had asked for copies of the medical records that he has kept for the last 36 years, or called to discuss them. Dr. Bornstein said that Mr. Trump had gone to his East Side office for annual checkups, colonoscopies, and other routine tests every year since 1980. Before that, Mr. Trump was a patient of Dr. Bornstein’s father, Dr. Jacob Bornstein. At times in the interviews, Dr. Bornstein was moody, ranging from saying that Mr. Trump’s health “is none of your business” to later volunteering facts. He also meandered, referring to his longtime study of Italian and stories about medical schools floating cadavers to an island off the waters of New York. He said he liked the attention he got from friends now that he was publicly known as Mr. Trump’s doctor but disliked “the fun made of me” by the news media and strangers who have thrown objects at his office window and who have yelled at him on Park Avenue. Dr. Bornstein’s first brush with the public was in December 2015, when he released a hyperbolic   letter about Mr. Trump’s health. “If elected, Mr. Trump, I can state unequivocally, will be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency,” Dr. Bornstein wrote. He offered scant medical evidence for his prediction beyond saying Mr. Trump had no significant illness and nothing that required treatment outside of his office. Eight months later, Dr. Bornstein stirred controversy by saying he wrote the letter in five minutes while a limousine sent by Mr. Trump waited outside. A second letter in September 2016 was more sober, although it omitted a number of details that would be part of a customary summary of a patient’s health. The letter did say that Mr. Trump is    weighs 236 pounds, has a normal blood pressure of   and takes a drug called rosuvastatin (marketed as Crestor) to lower cholesterol and other lipids. Dr. Bornstein did not say how high the lipids were before the statin therapy, but he reported that the levels were in the normal range in recent tests: cholesterol, 169 HDL cholesterol, 63 LDL cholesterol, 94 triglycerides, 61. In both letters, Dr. Bornstein wrote that Mr. Trump’s PSA level was 0. 15. The low number led urologists not connected with Mr. Trump to say that he must have been treated for an enlarged prostate or prostate cancer. But Dr. Bornstein said in the interviews that Mr. Trump had had neither ailment and that his PSA level is low because of Propecia. In the interviews, Dr. Bornstein said he refilled Mr. Trump’s prescriptions for a   tetracycline, a common antibiotic, to control rosacea. The skin ailment can cause easy blushing or flushing with visible blood vessels. It also can spread over the face, and sometimes the chest and back. In different forms it can resemble acne and cause bumps. Dr. Bornstein also addressed questions about Mr. Trump’s recent description of himself as a “germophobe. ’’ Dr. Bornstein said he had never discussed that phenomenon with Mr. Trump, but “we are very careful to keep the examining rooms spotlessly clean, which we do anyway. ’’ He added, “He always stands there and changes the paper on the table himself” after an examination. “Other than that, nothing. ” Dr. Bornstein said that he was sure that Mr. Trump was up to date on an H. I. V. test, which the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends that all adults get at least once. He said if he became the White House doctor he doubted that he would include in Mr. Trump’s annual checkup any psychometric tests as a base line for potential dementia. Mr. Trump’s father, Fred, suffered from Alzheimer’s disease in his eighties and a number of experts have urged that older political leaders undergo such tests. Dr. Bornstein also said he had cared for Mr. Trump’s first and third wives, and occasionally for the second. “I am probably the only person in the world who has every phone number for him and all the wives,” Dr. Bornstein said. About a month ago, Dr. Bornstein said he told Mr. Trump’s secretary, Rhona Graff, “You know, I should be the White House physician. ” Past presidents like Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush brought their own doctors to the White House, but others have used a White House physician. Dr. Bornstein was invited to Mr. Trump’s inaugural, although he said it was not as pleasant an experience as he expected. He had to walk a long way to a spot where he thought there would be a chair  —   he said he has a painful back ailment and nerve damage to a leg  —   but when he got there, there was no chair. He stood behind a tree and “never heard anyone speak because I was so uncomfortable from my back and being cold. ” He felt, he said, “absolutely miserable. ” It seemed to take forever to leave because of the heavy security, he said. The situation was the same at an inaugural ball where there were no tables and chairs. So, he said, unable to chat comfortably with others, he and his wife, Melissa, returned to their hotel early.",0
12663,"Donald Trump, Rex Tillerson, Aleppo: Your Morning Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning.  Here’s what you need to know: • A Times investigation reveals how Russia aimed the perfect weapon at the U. S. presidential election: cyberattacks honed in elections elsewhere. Intelligence officials believe an operation to collect information evolved into an effort to harm one candidate, Hillary Clinton, and tip the election to her opponent, Donald J. Trump. Above, the Democratic National Convention’s hacked server on a table in the organization’s basement, next to a reminder of a past breach: a filing cabinet jimmied in the Watergate burglary of its offices in 1972. _____ • Mr.  Trump is lining up veteran members of the Republican foreign policy establishment to endorse his choice for secretary of state, Rex W. Tillerson. With Mr. Tillerson as chief executive, Exxon Mobil clashed with China and befriended Vietnam over disputed territory in the South China Sea. Mr. Trump, above at Trump Tower on Tuesday, also selected Rick Perry, the former Texas governor, to lead the Energy Department, placing him in charge the country’s aging nuclear arsenal. Here’s the latest on the transition. _____ • Jobs, jobs and more jobs. That will be the   issue when Mr. Trump holds a summit with some of America’s tech leaders, including Elon Musk of Tesla, above, Timothy D. Cook of Apple and Jeff Bezos of Amazon. The tech community, which was largely averse to Mr. Trump’s campaign, may be asked to spread its wealth beyond places like Silicon Valley and Seattle. And the Federal Reserve is expected to give the American economy a vote of confidence, raising interest rates slightly for the first time in a year. Our analyst cautions that Mr. Trump’s promised stimulus could set off a round of rapid rate increases to stave off inflation. _____ • Russia, Turkey and Syrian rebel groups reached an agreement for rebels to leave their last pockets of territory in the ravaged city of Aleppo. Evacuations were expected to begin shortly, leaving the city fully in the hands of government forces, a definitive victory. But there was confusion over whether the deal would assure safe passage for civilians, who the U. N. said had been shot in the streets by the score. _____ • In Indonesia, the Christian governor of Jakarta, at the start of his trial on blasphemy charges, tearfully denied that he had meant to insult Islam. Critics say the case threatens Indonesia’s reputation as a model for religious freedom and democracy in the region. _____ • A child sex abuse scandal is exploding through British soccer. Since Andrew Woodward, above, became the first professional player in Britain to go public with his account of repeated rapes by his childhood coach, at least 20 former players have come forward. The police are looking into the possibility of hundreds of victims at 98 soccer clubs, from the amateur level to the Premier League. • India’s demonetization crisis has catapulted millions of small and   into a cashless economy, with the country’s leading electronic money service now reporting a half a million new customers each day. • Japan’s Asahi will pay $7. 8 billion to   InBev for a group of some of the most popular beers in Central and Eastern Europe. • A Southern California   Apeel, has created an imperceptible, edible coating for fruits and vegetables that extends shelf life and could bring sweeping changes to the produce industry and grocery aisles. • And don’t view retirement as a light at the end of a career tunnel, our personal finance writer warns. He offers a few tips to rearrange your work life. • Wall Street stocks are up. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • More than 8, 000 people gathered in Nanjing for China’s third annual national memorial day for the hundreds of thousands of victims of the Japanese invasion in 1937. [Xinhua] • South Korean lawmakers will question medical staff members over President Park  ’s whereabouts directly after a deadly 2014 ferry disaster. [Reuters] • Communist rebels in the Philippines, the National Democratic Front, said they would sign a formal   if President Rodrigo Duterte agreed to release political prisoners. [Manila Times] • Malaysia’s Federal Court rejected a final appeal by the former opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim to overturn a   jail term for sodomy. [Malaysiakini] • Anastasia Lin, a Canadian who was barred from the 2015 Miss World competition in China because of her criticism of the Chinese government, has been ordered by pageant organizers not to speak publicly during this year’s finals, now underway in Washington. [The New York Times] • Mexico’s 17, 063 homicides by the end of October was the country’s highest   tally since 2012, raising fears of a return to   warfare among criminal gangs. [The New York Times] • A review of data from 151 countries found wide gaps in education among followers of the world’s major religions. [The New York Times] • Smuggled TV shows, movies and radio programs are helping North Koreans see the outside world, and planting seeds of doubt about their government, a prominent author argues. • Satellite images provide a picture of how the world’s lakes and rivers have been altered over the past three decades by drought and global warming. • Some road trip. A     trip through six African countries with five children. What could go wrong? •  “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story,” opens this week in Asia and the U. S. with projections of one of the biggest December debuts. Here’s our   review. We told you last week about a fight in Canada over a proposed official bird, the gray jay. Canadians have also sparred over whether poutine (fries topped with cheese curds and gravy) should beat out maple syrup as their most representative food (no). In some places, trademark foods are not so  . Many Britons consider chicken tikka masala, a colonial adaptation featuring a bright orange sauce, as their national dish  —   more so than fish and chips. The concoction, one official said, “is a perfect illustration of the way Britain absorbs and adapts external influences. ” In other places, there’s no question about the winner. For example, New Mexico reveres the local chile. It’s nowhere near as hot as peppers in China, India or the Caribbean, but it is perhaps the most consistent ingredient in the state’s dishes. Lawmakers in the late ’90s declared the state’s official question to be “Red or green?” As in: Which variety of chile sauce do you want? One answer plays no favorites. Order “Christmas,” and you’ll get both. Can’t handle the heat? Reach for a glass of milk, which neutralizes the capsaicin that makes your taste buds sting. It’s also the official beverage of 21 states. Anna Holland contributed reporting. _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes. com.",0
12664,Russia Mounts Search After Plane Crash and Says Terrorism Is Unlikely - The New York Times,"SOCHI, Russia  —   Russia mounted an expansive    operation in the Black Sea on Monday for the passengers and the fuselage of a military passenger plane that crashed a day earlier, killing all 92 people on board, including dozens of members of a storied army choir. In Moscow, famous performers and ordinary citizens, some of them in tears, dropped flowers at the entrance to the headquarters of the choir, the Alexandrov Ensemble. Another mountain of red carnations and candles piled up outside the Ostankino television center, as a tribute to nine journalists who were accompanying the choir to the Khmeimim Air Base in Syria. The plane was carrying 68 performers and staff members of the ensemble, including an army choir and orchestra loved for its renditions of classical Russian songs and folk tunes. The most likely area where the plane plunged into the water moments after taking off from the southwestern resort city of Sochi has been identified, Lt. Gen. Viktor N. Bondarev, commander of the Russian Air Force, said at an early morning news conference at the airport. General Bondarev said that he did not expect the plane’s fin, where the flight recorders are situated, to be as damaged as the fuselage, raising hopes that the recorders might be intact. Several chunks of the fuselage were located on Monday on the seabed about a mile offshore, initially by sonar and then by divers, the Ministry of Emergency Situations announced. The transportation minister, Maxim Sokolov, who is leading a commission looking into the crash, said that terrorism had not been ruled out, but that it was unlikely to be the cause of the crash of the Tupolev 154, which was flying members of the choir and others to Syria for a New Year’s Eve concert for troops stationed at an air base near Latakia. “In order to organize our work, we need to understand what happened,” Mr. Sokolov said at the news conference. “As far as we know, the main versions do not include the terrorist act, so we base our work on the premise that technical malfunction or pilot’s error caused the catastrophe. ” Some analysts have pointed to the possibility of terrorism, citing the sudden disappearance of the airplane from radar screens and the lack of an emergency call from the pilot. At the same time, officials emphasized that the airplane should have been technically sound, because it underwent repairs and resumed service in December 2014, and the pilot was experienced and had 1, 900 hours of flying time at the control of Tupolev 154s. “The plane was technically fit,” General Bondarev told the news conference. “The pilot was well prepared. ” Criminal investigators as well as a Defense Ministry committee are in charge of determining the cause of the crash. Search efforts involving 45 ships and 135 divers continued on Monday. The bodies of 10 victims, as well as dozens of body parts that have been recovered, were flown to Moscow for identification, Russian officials said at the news conference. The government discouraged relatives of those on board from coming to Sochi during what was expected to be a long recovery operation, and the few that had done so were being isolated from journalists. The plane took off from Chkalovsky military airfield near Moscow and stopped in Sochi for refueling before crashing at 5:27 a. m. about a mile from the shore. Russia observed a national day of mourning on Monday, with the main government television channels repeatedly playing mournful music and eulogizing those killed. A memorial service was conducted at a small chapel inside the Sochi terminal, with the airport’s employees and   carrying flowers and candles. In Khosta, a suburb of Sochi, security guards cordoned off a long strip of seashore. A number of men perused the pebbled beach looking for traces of material from the doomed jetliner. At a makeshift memorial heaped with flowers near Sochi’s old seaport, Oganes G. Melikyan recalled his old army friend, Valery M. Khalilov, who was the artistic director of the ensemble. “He was extraordinarily intelligent with a great sense of humor,” Mr. Melikyan, a    construction worker, said as he held photographs of the orchestra from his own days in the army. “Kind and good are not enough to describe him,” said the army veteran, adding that news of the death hit him “like a ton of bricks fell on my head. ” Several couples were ensnared in the disaster, according to various Russian news reports. Dmitri Papkin, 35, a choir singer, was on an earlier plane that had already arrived in Syria. His wife, Maria Klokotkova, 34, believed to be in the dance troupe, died on the second flight. Mikhail Vasin, 25, a basso profundo in the choir, proposed to Ralina Gilmanova, a    ballerina, last New Year’s Eve. She accepted, and the couple were planning to get married early in 2017. Both were aboard the flight that crashed. Scattered band members survived because they did not go on the trip. The lead soloist, Vadim P. Ananyev, had stayed home to help his wife with their newborn. The stunned singer told the daily Komsomolskaya Pravda, “I don’t even have the words” to describe the tragedy. The civilians on board included Yelizaveta P. Glinka, a prominent philanthropist who received a state award this month from President Vladimir V. Putin for her humanitarian work. She was taking a shipment of medicine to Syria. “We never know if we will return alive, because war is hell on earth, and I know what I am talking about,” Ms. Glinka said at the   ceremony in the Kremlin. “But we are sure that goodness, compassion and mercy are more powerful than any weapon. ” The Tupolev 154 was once a workhorse of the Soviet air transportation system. Most civilian airlines have phased them out, but they are still used by government agencies. The plane that crashed over the weekend was built in 1983. Russia deployed military forces to Syria in September 2015, mainly air force bombers. Mr. Putin said at the time that he was sending forces there to fight Islamic extremists, but so far the main goal appears to have been shoring up the rule of President Bashar  . Syrian government forces with Russian backing recaptured the eastern half of Aleppo, a key rebel stronghold, last week. The Russian plane crash was the second deadly episode in a week linked to Syria, after Moscow’s ambassador to Turkey was assassinated on Dec. 19 by a Turkish gunman saying he was taking revenge for Aleppo. After another crash last year, when a Russian civilian Airbus went down in the Sinai Peninsula, killing all 224 people on board, the Russian authorities did not confirm for weeks that a bomb had been responsible, despite the Islamic State claiming responsibility hours after the episode.",0
12665,"Fatah Makes Incendiary Facebook Claim of Killing 11,000 Israelis - The New York Times","JERUSALEM  —   In an effort to appeal to Palestinians ahead of hotly contested elections, the party of President Mahmoud Abbas listed one of its main achievements as having “killed 11, 000 Israelis. ” The party, Fatah, made the incendiary claim on Tuesday in an   post on one of its official Facebook pages. “For the argumentative   …     the ignorant   …     And for those who do not know history,” begins the Facebook post, “The Fatah movement killed 11, 000 Israelis. ” Fatah also claimed to have “offered 170, 000 martyrs,” and hundreds of its followers, it said, were in “Israeli occupation jails. ” By Thursday the post had been shared 30 times and liked 163 times. The post garnered additional attention after it was translated into English by Palestinian Media Watch, an organization that monitors   and   statements in the Arab news media. The website noted that it was the second time Fatah had made the inaccurate claim. The first was in August 2014. Israelis and Palestinians have long accused each other of incitement to violence. But in Israeli eyes, Palestinian leaders starting with Yasir Arafat, the father of Palestinian nationalism who helped found Fatah in 1959, have had a habit of saying one thing in Arabic and another in English. In the early 2000s, at the height of the second Palestinian uprising, Mr. Arafat led crowds in the West Bank city of Ramallah in a chant of “To Jerusalem, we are going, martyrs in the millions!” days after writing an   article in The New York Times about the Palestinian vision of peace. Mr. Abbas, who succeeded Mr. Arafat, has repeatedly said he supports nonviolent resistance against the Israeli occupation. But Fatah has historically championed armed resistance as a central tenet of its doctrine for the liberation of the Palestinian people. Fatah is now a large and unwieldy movement, and its activists often make statements that do not reflect Mr. Abbas’s position. “President Abbas’s party boasts about committing mass murder and yet it is called ‘moderate’ by many,” said David Keyes, a spokesman for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel. “Imagine if Palestinian leaders spent their time praising coexistence instead of terror. ” Husam Zomlot, the strategic affairs adviser to Mr. Abbas, first questioned whether the Facebook page was official, and then said it was probably the work of some “  youths. ” Mr. Zomlot said that Israeli officials frequently wrote incendiary Facebook posts, and that Fatah’s concerns were elsewhere. “I’m from Fatah and one of its leaders,” he said. “We present a complete political platform, and the most important thing is to end the Israeli occupation. ” The comments on the official Fatah Facebook page came in the context of coming local and municipal elections that are expected to be held on Oct. 8. The prospect of the elections is already whipping up strong emotions. They will be the first to be held in the West Bank and Gaza Strip in a decade since Fatah, the mainstream, secularist party that has long dominated the Palestine Liberation Organization, suffered an embarrassing defeat at the hands of Hamas, the Islamist militant group, in legislative elections in 2006. A year later Hamas seized control of the Gaza Strip, routing Fatah’s forces there and confining Mr. Abbas’s influence  —   and that of his   Palestinian Authority, which is largely staffed by Fatah loyalists  —   to parts of the   West Bank. The West Bank and Gaza have since been divided by a bitter schism. Hamas, considered a terrorist organization by Israel, the United States and the European Union, refuses to recognize Israel’s right to exist and has battled Israel several times in recent years. The coming elections are seen as an important barometer of public sentiment in both the West Bank and Gaza Strip. Fatah activists appear particularly nervous about the elections, because Hamas is widely seen by Palestinians as the less corrupt and more efficient party.",0
12666,That Judge Attacked by Donald Trump? He’s Faced a Lot Worse - The New York Times,"For much of a year, Gonzalo P. Curiel, then a federal prosecutor in California, lived officially in hiding. He hunkered down for a while on a naval base and in other closely guarded locations under the protection of United States marshals. Even his siblings did not know exactly where he was at times. The reason: In a secretly taped conversation inside a San Diego prison, a man accused of being a gunman for a Mexican drug cartel said that he had received permission from his superiors to have Mr. Curiel assassinated. “It was kind of scary,” said Mr. Curiel’s brother Raul. “He had to be protected. He always had one or two bodyguards with him. ” Nearly 20 years later, Gonzalo Curiel, now a federal judge, is being targeted in a very different way. The presiding judge in a lawsuit filed by former students of Trump University, he has been called a “hater” of Mr. Trump by the presumptive Republican presidential nominee himself. At a rally last week, Mr. Trump said the judge “happens to be, we believe, Mexican,” suggesting that he was biased because of Mr. Trump’s calls to build a wall along the border to prevent illegal immigration. Angry supporters have been calling the judge’s chambers. Mr. Trump repeated his argument in an interview on Thursday. “I’m building the wall, I’m building the wall,” Mr. Trump said. “I have a Mexican judge. He’s of Mexican heritage. He should have recused himself, not only for that, for other things. ” While Judge Curiel has declined to discuss the case publicly, those who know him best say he is handling the unfriendly glare of the Trump case with the resolve that got him through his toughest days as a prosecutor. “He’s cool,” said Gregory A. Vega, a former federal prosecutor who has known Judge Curiel since the ninth grade. “I don’t think he’s giving it a second thought. ” Judge Curiel, 62, was born in East Chicago, Ind. to parents who had emigrated from Mexico. Raul Curiel said their father, Salvador, arrived in Arizona as a laborer in the 1920s, eventually receiving citizenship and becoming a steelworker. Their parents were married in Mexico in 1946, and their mother, Francisca, became a citizen after joining her husband in the United States. Gonzalo Curiel went to Catholic school, fell in love with music and played the guitar in a band before following in the footsteps of his older brother, Antonio, and turning to law. The Curiels lived in a diverse section of East Chicago called Indiana Harbor, where blacks, whites and Hispanics lived and worked together. Discrimination was rarely an issue, Raul Curiel said, but the family did face it on occasion. He recalled Gonzalo being turned away from a wedding venue in the 1970s because of his Afro hairstyle. After graduating from Indiana University’s law school, Judge Curiel worked in private practice in Indiana and California. In 1989, he became an assistant United States attorney in the Southern District of California, a job that immersed him in the war on drugs. Judge Curiel was a   prosecutor at a time when the American authorities were trying to help Mexico confront the Arellano Félix brothers, the heads of a murderous cartel that controlled a torrent of narcotics coming into the Western United States. In a period when Mexico was reluctant to send its drug lords for trial in the United States, Mr. Curiel’s job involved working with informants and   Mexican officials to win convictions in this country and in Mexico. In one 1990s case, when he was pushing to extradite two men accused of being Arellano gunmen to Mexico, he found himself defending witness testimony against the men that had most likely been obtained through torture by the Mexican police. “The government is not here to deny there is a possibility of torture,” Mr. Curiel told a federal judge. “But the forum for those allegations to be aired is the government of Mexico. ” The   cartel kept Mr. Curiel in its sights. One of the suspected gunmen, according to court filings, was recorded in prison saying he “had requested and received permission from the leaders of the Arellano cartel to have Curiel murdered,” forcing Mr. Curiel to live for a while under guard. He and Mr. Vega, whose father also was Mexican, met regularly with their counterparts across the border. Mr. Vega said their ability to speak Spanish and their Mexican roots were helpful, ultimately leading to the first extradition of a suspected Mexican drug kingpin to the United States in 2001. Judge Curiel was appointed to the bench in San Diego in 2007 by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, a Republican. President Obama nominated him to the federal bench in late 2011, and he was confirmed by the Senate the following year. Judge Curiel, whose parents are deceased, is married to a probation official and has a young daughter. For his family, the attacks on their heritage have not gone unnoticed. Raul Curiel said that Mr. Trump was “ignorant” for calling his brother Mexican, noting that they were born in the United States. He said that he speaks to his brother regularly and that the most frustrating part of the Trump episode were the questions about his professionalism. “Trump called him a hater, and regardless of whether he is or not, that has nothing to do with how he’s doing his job,” Raul Curiel said. Mr. Trump and his supporters have said that Judge Curiel is treating him unfairly in the case, in which some former students of Trump University claim they paid thousands of dollars for worthless real estate classes. Mr. Trump’s supporters have pointed to Judge Curiel’s affiliation with La Raza Lawyers of California, a Latino bar association that Mr. Trump asserts is an advocacy group, and to his appointment by Mr. Obama as evidence of a conflict of interest. In the interview on Thursday, Mr. Trump said that Judge Curiel also had a conflict of interest because he was friends with one of the plaintiffs’ lawyers that lawyer told The Wall Street Journal that they were federal prosecutors in the same office but had never seen each other socially. Despite citing the judge’s heritage as a source of the conflict, Mr. Trump said that as president he would have no problem appointing   judges. “I would love to,” he said. “I would do it in an instant. ” Judge Curiel is allowing the case to go to trial, and he recently ordered the unsealing of documents that included testimony from former managers calling the classes a “lie” and a “scheme. ” (He later ordered some of the documents temporarily resealed so that some personal information could be redacted.) In the unsealing order, he noted that Mr. Trump had “placed the integrity of these court proceedings at issue. ” Experts in legal ethics say that seeking to discredit a judge is not a winning strategy and that the suggestion that Judge Curiel could not treat a case fairly because of his ethnicity raises questions about Mr. Trump’s ability to appoint judges. Deborah L. Rhode, a professor at Stanford Law School and the founding director of the university’s Center on Ethics, said that calls for Judge Curiel to step down from a case because of his Mexican roots were akin to saying that Thurgood Marshall, the first black Supreme Court justice, should never have been able to decide civil rights cases. “If race were a disqualifying factor, nobody could preside over these cases,” Ms. Rhode said. Mr. Vega, now a corporate lawyer who was the best man at Judge Curiel’s wedding, said he did not think that the attacks by Mr. Trump would taint the judge’s approach to the case. But, remembering when his friend, then a prosecutor, arrived at his house for a barbecue flanked by bodyguards, Mr. Vega noted the irony of Mr. Trump’s criticizing someone who had risked his life to slow the flow of drugs coming from Mexico into the United States  —   an issue that is dear to Mr. Trump. “A lot of us have never been tested like that,” Mr. Vega said.",0
12668,Sick of Politics? Try These Great Reads - The New York Times,"Welcome to Our Picks, a guide to the best stuff to read, watch and listen to from around the internet. Check this space for the     article, the next great podcast for your commute, the   tweetstorm. And yes, we’re also tooting our own horn here. We’ll share can’  Times stories from the week and reveal some gems you might have overlooked. We want to hear from you! Send us feedback about our selections to ourpicks@nytimes. com. • Do most people know the difference among the terms “Sell By,” “Use By,” and “Best If Used By”? Expiration labels are so darn confusing, and people end up throwing away a lot of food. The grocery industry is looking to change both with a new set of standardized product labels to clear up confusion. [The Washington Post] • “As a    I find myself drawn into the same capitalistic pitfall that many young professionals are drawn into  —   a need to prove my adulthood with midcentury furniture. ” Thus begins a wonderful little essay about profound disappointment with one very specific West Elm sofa. [The Awl] • A cool history of the Rorschach test reveals how the ubiquitous inkblots went from psychological assessment tool to cultural meme. [The New Republic] • If you’re in the mood for an uplifting story, read this account of how a “miracle” face transplant gave one young man a new lease on life. [AP via STAT] • Last week, a lengthy note in The Yale Law Journal argued that Amazon should draw the attentions of antitrust regulators. If you’d like to know more, but feel intimidated by the legalese, you can check out the New York Observer’s slightly more accessible explanation of this “epic analysis. ” [The Yale Law Journal and New York Observer] • After sustaining multiple concussions that took him out of the racing scene in 2016, Dale Earnhardt Jr. is returning to Nascar. Even if you’re not a fan of the sport, you’ll enjoy this   profile on the athlete and his new perspective. [ESPN Magazine] • “I’m not at that camp because I’m bad at math. I’m there because I’m good at math. ” This New York City camp is trying to inspire a new generation of black and Latino math whizzes. • Are you a Blanche, a Dorothy, a Rose or a Sophia? Fans of “Golden Girls,” that enduring electric blanket of American television, are flocking to a new restaurant dedicated to Rue McClanahan. Yes, there is cheesecake. • “Many of us have more love inside than we know what to do with but are too bottled up. Which is where dogs can come in. ” Amy Sutherland wrote a moving Modern Love column last week about matchmaking at an animal shelter you may remember her widely emailed 2006 Modern Love column, “What Shamu Taught Me About a Happy Marriage. ” • The Oscars are on Sunday, so there’s still time to stream the nominated movies and fill in a winning ballot. (Your prize: bragging rights.) • The Sunday wedding announcements in The Times have long been a fertile hunting ground for writers of parodies and other forms of snark. But we don’t mind. Much. • Bruce Springsteen invited one lucky teenager onstage with him during a recent concert in Australia’s Brisbane Entertainment center. The song they performed? “Growin’ Up,” of course. [Variety] • If you haven’t watched “Planet Earth II” by now, drop everything and do that. Then, watch this video on the    magic of the BBC production. [Vox] • We’re biased, but we find this GIF mesmerizing: Want Our Picks delivered to your inbox? Sign up for the What We’re Reading newsletter, a   email featuring great stories from around the web selected by members of the New York Times staff.",0
12669,"What Leaders Said Before ‘Brexit,’ and What They Say Now - The New York Times","Political leaders on both sides of the debate in Britain over whether to leave the European Union are now saying distinctly different things about some central issues than what they said before the referendum. Here are some examples. BEFORE Prime Minister David Cameron, who led the “Remain” campaign, said that if the country voted to leave, he would begin the formal process of leaving the union immediately by sending what is called an Article 50 notification to Brussels. He also said he would try to remain as prime minister. AFTER The morning after the referendum, Mr. Cameron said he would resign once a successor could be chosen and would leave it to his successor to issue the notification. BEFORE The “Leave” campaign promised that Britain would be  able to save 350 million pounds a week, or about $462 million as of Monday, that could be spent on the National Health Service, schools and housing. A slogan on the Leave campaign bus went further, promising explicitly to use that money to “fund our N. H. S. instead. ” (The savings figure was widely disputed by economists, Remain campaigners and the Office for National Statistics.) AFTER Leave leaders, including Nigel Farage of the U. K. Independence Party, and Boris Johnson and Iain Duncan Smith of the Conservative Party, maintained that they had never promised that £350 million a week would be given to the N. H. S. Mr. Duncan Smith called the figure “an extrapolation. ” Mr. Farage said that the £350 million claim was “one of the mistakes that, I think, the Leave campaign has made” and that anyone who voted to leave because of the promise “made a mistake doing that. ” BEFORE George Osborne, the chancellor of the Exchequer, warned that a vote to leave would touch off an economic crisis that would require the government to adopt an emergency budget with spending cuts and tax increases. AFTER In an effort to calm the financial markets, which plunged after the referendum, Mr. Osborne said on Monday that Britain had the resources to weather the immediate crisis and that an emergency budget could wait until Mr. Cameron’s successor had taken office and assembled a new cabinet. BEFORE Leave campaigners promised to swiftly reduce the number of immigrants coming to Britain from other parts of Europe, which Mr. Johnson said could not happen while Britain remained in the union. Michael Gove, the justice secretary and an ally of Mr. Johnson’s, said a vote to leave would “bring down the numbers” by 2020. AFTER “Frankly, if people watching think that they have voted and there is now going to be zero immigration from the E. U. they are going to be disappointed,” said Daniel Hannan, a prominent Leave advocate and member of the European Parliament. To keep vital access to the European single market after leaving the union, Mr. Hannan acknowledged to the BBC, Britain would have to accept free movement of workers, as Norway and other nonmember states have.",0
12670,"Donald Trump, François Fillon, Erdogan: Your Tuesday Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning. Here’s what you need to know: • President Trump revised his travel ban, removing Iraq but leaving six other predominantly Muslim nations on a list of those whose citizens are barred from entering the U. S. Officials said the rewrite was meant to address legal concerns quickly to deal with what they say is a national security threat. But in the Middle East, it is still seen as amounting to a ban on Muslims. Separately, the White House said Mr. Trump “firmly believes” that former President Barack Obama had him wiretapped, though the F. B. I. director has said otherwise. Since Mr. Trump took office, he and Mr. Obama have criticized each other to an unusual degree. _____ • Republicans in the U. S. House of Representatives unveiled their   plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. The bill would scrap the mandate for most Americans to have health insurance in favor of a new system of tax credits. But some Republican lawmakers have already expressed misgivings. _____ • Top officials for the Republicans, the French   party, say they will continue to support François Fillon, the embattled presidential candidate. Mr. Fillon got a reprieve earlier in the day when Alain Juppé, a prominent rival, said he had decided “once and for all” not to run. But some in the party still doubt that Mr. Fillon’s campaign can overcome corruption allegations stemming from his employment of family members. _____ • Germany and Turkey are in an intensifying war of words about overseas campaign efforts for a Turkish referendum that would expand the powers of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. After two campaign rallies for Turks living in Germany were canceled over security concerns, Mr. Erdogan accused Berlin of using Nazi tactics. His critics say the Turkish president is defending his right to free speech in Europe, while denying it to dissident voices at home. Analysts say relations could calm down after the referendum in April. _____ • Nuclear concerns are on the rise. In Europe, there is serious talk about using France’s arsenal to establish an E. U. nuclear weapons program. And in South Korea, the United States has begun deploying an antimissile system, above, strongly opposed by China, a day after North Korea’s launch of four ballistic missiles. Japan is on heightened alert over North Korea’s capabilities, weighing whether it could be testing a “saturation attack” meant to overwhelm missile defenses. _____ • When Wilbur L. Ross, the new U. S. commerce secretary, was vice chairman of the Bank of Cyprus, he was more interested in forcing out Russian board members than working with them. • Two big British financial firms, Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management, have agreed to merge in a $4. 7 billion deal that would create one of Europe’s largest asset managers. • Turkey’s antitrust authority will look at whether Google unfairly promotes its app store and digital services by tying them to its Android operating system. • Office values in central London could decline as much as 20 percent this year amid concerns over Britain’s withdrawal from the E. U. • Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • Members of Parliament called on the British government to tighten rules against dress codes that force women to wear high heels in the office. [The New York Times] • A Russian lawmaker wants to ban the new Disney movie “Beauty and the Beast” over a scene with a gay character. [The New York Times] • E. U. foreign and defense ministers reached a deal to create a military training headquarters, despite concerns about possible overlap with NATO. [The New York Times] • The police in France are searching for the remains of a family of four after a relative confessed to killing them over an inheritance dispute. [BBC] • Israel passed a law that prohibits entry to foreigners who publicly support an   boycott. [Reuters] • The U. S. government has opened a criminal investigation into a secret   Facebook group of Marines that shared thousands of naked and private photos of female colleagues. [The New York Times] • Should supplements be a part of your morning routine? The science is still mostly lacking. • Recipe of the day: Elegant mini almond cakes can be filled with cherry jam or, with a little effort, chocolate ganache. • In the Galápagos, the   booby has no real predators, so the birds live proud, public lives. That has helped scientists learn their habits and even why the shade of their feet matters. (The color signals health.) • The Dutch soccer clubs PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar are exploring whether cognitive training can improve players’ mental performance. Experts have their doubts. • An apartment listed on Airbnb offered a prime location, luxurious appointments and a lot of security: It was inside Trump Tower in New York. The U. S. Postal Service’s stamp issue this week pays homage to the federal arts program that launched some of the 20th century’s most famous American artists. But it might not have. In the   during the height of the Depression, unemployment was soaring at 25 percent. President Franklin D. Roosevelt created the Works Progress Administration to put Americans back to work. Artists, who often didn’t have regular jobs in the first place, weren’t certain to be included. But Harry Hopkins, who directed the W. P. A. decided they should be. “Hell,” he said, “they’ve got to eat just like other people!” So the Federal Art Project of the W. P. A. was created. Over nine years, it spawned more than 100, 000 paintings and murals and nearly 20, 000 sculptures. Some of the artists the program employed would later be among America’s most famous, including Jackson Pollock, Mark Rothko and Willem de Kooning. “I changed my attitude toward being an artist,” de Kooning famously reminisced. “Instead of doing odd jobs and painting on the side, I painted and did odd jobs on the side. ” Evan Gershkovich contributed reporting. _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online. Read the latest edition of the U. S. briefing here and the latest for Asia and Australia here. What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes. com.",0
12671,China Poised to Take Lead on Climate After Trump’s Move to Undo Policies - The New York Times,"For years, the Obama administration prodded, cajoled and beseeched China to make commitments to limit the use of fossil fuels to try to slow the global effects of climate change. President Obama and other American officials saw the pledges from both Beijing and Washington as crucial: China is the largest emitter of greenhouse gases, followed by the United States. In the coming years, the opposite dynamic is poised to play out. President Trump’s signing of an executive order on Tuesday aimed at undoing many of the Obama administration’s climate change policies flips the roles of the two powers. Now, it is far likelier that the world will see China pushing the United States to meet its commitments and try to live up to the letter and spirit of the 2015 Paris Agreement, even if Mr. Trump has signaled he has no intention of doing so. “They’ve set the direction they intend to go in the next five years,” Barbara Finamore, a senior lawyer and Asia director at the Natural Resources Defense Council, based in New York, said of China. “It’s clear they intend to double down on bringing down their reliance on coal and increasing their use of renewable energy. ” “China wants to take over the role of the U. S. as a climate leader, and they’ve baked it into their   plans,” she added, referring to the economic development blueprints drawn up by the Chinese government. Even before the presidential campaign last year, Mr. Trump had made statements consistent with climate change denial, including calling climate change a hoax created by China. He has also threatened to formally withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement. Since Mr. Trump’s election in November, senior Chinese officials and leaders have been taking the high ground on the issue by urging all countries, including the United States, to abide by their climate commitments. The biggest rhetorical turning point came in January, when Xi Jinping, China’s president, said at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, that the Paris Agreement was “hard won” and should remain in force. “All signatories should stick to it instead of walking away from it, as this is a responsibility we must assume for future generations,” he said. Other Chinese officials at Davos repeated that message, including the energy minister, Nur Bekri, and top executives of   enterprises. In an interview before the recent climate conference in Marrakesh, Chai Qimin, a climate change researcher and policy adviser, said that policies adopted at a recent Communist Party meeting showed that China “has attached ever greater importance to ecological civilization and green development. ” “Everyone is taking this more and more seriously,” he added. On Wednesday, a Foreign Ministry spokesperson said at a regularly scheduled news conference in Beijing that all countries in the Paris Agreement should “fulfill their commitments” and that China would stick to its pledges “regardless of how other countries’ climate policies change. ” Global Times, a   nationalist newspaper, used harsher language in an editorial chastising the Trump administration for “brazenly shirking its responsibility on climate change. ” “Washington is obliged to set an example for mankind’s efforts against global warming, and now the Trump administration has become the first government of a major power to take opposite actions on the Paris Agreement,” the newspaper said. “It is undermining the great cause of mankind trying to protect the earth, and the move is indeed irresponsible and very disappointing. ” The editorial also questioned why China was making concessions on   use when the United States was scrapping its promises: “How can China, still underdeveloped, give away a chunk of room for development, just to nourish those Western countries that are already rich?” Chinese participation is critical for global efforts on climate change. With its economic growth and rampant infrastructure construction, China consumes as much coal as the rest of the world combined. The burning of coal, which is at the core of the power, steel and cement industries in the country, generates enormous amounts of carbon dioxide, the main greenhouse gas. So environmental advocates and officials around the world constantly say China must break its coal addiction. But unlike in the United States, Chinese leaders and senior officials have consistently said that climate change is a serious problem and acknowledged that changing the energy mix to move away from   sources is important. And because of its air pollution crisis, China announced policies in 2013 to limit the use of coal in the country’s three largest population centers. More recently, scientists have said that there is a dangerous cycle at work: Weather patterns from climate change are exacerbating the smog. “China is cutting back on coal because of its lethal costs to human health as well as its high carbon emissions, and plans to transition to the energy sources of tomorrow, rather than yesterday,” said Isabel Hilton, founder of Chinadialogue, a prominent website that reports on environmental issues and policy. “President Trump seems intent on reviving a   energy source rather than pursuing the promise of the 21st century. ” Mr. Trump’s   talk, and the unlikelihood that his administration will pressure China to cut back on fossil fuels, might mean that   interests in China, including among   energy companies, will try harder to push back against officials putting limits on coal. But in recent years, coal consumption in China has declined slightly, surprising many analysts and researchers. China’s economic slowdown  —   from decades of   annual growth to 6. 7 percent last year  —   has been a major factor. Analysts say there appeared to be an increase in coal use during part of 2016 because of economic stimulus policies, but preliminary statistics released in February indicate that overall coal consumption declined last year compared with 2015. Given such numbers, researchers say China may reach a carbon emissions peak in 2025  —   five years ahead of its stated goal of 2030. China has also made pledges on the percentage of total energy that will be generated by    sources, which include hydropower, nuclear power, wind and solar. Mr. Xi has said that by 2030, 20 percent of China’s energy will come from such sources. Chinese officials are now grappling with the complex problem of getting energy generated by wind and solar sources onto the grid and properly used. “Trump’s rejection of regulatory action on climate change creates a vacuum in global climate leadership that China can now seize,” said Alex L. Wang, a law professor and China environmental expert at the University of California, Los Angeles. “In recent years, a variety of factors  —   crisis levels of pollution, economic opportunities from green development and concerns about the domestic risks of rising temperatures  —   have pushed China to action on climate change. Trump’s actions don’t affect these underlying drivers. ” In addition, China has said that it will put in place by the end of this year a national market for greenhouse gas quotas, commonly known as a    program. It has experimented with seven such regional markets, and there have been problems with them, but the government is determined to set up a national program to put a price on carbon and impose a cost on companies that generate large amounts of carbon dioxide, Chinese policy advisers say. China appears to be overperforming on other targets besides its carbon emissions peak date. It had stated that by 2020, 58 percent of its energy would come from coal consumption. Official statistics indicate China might meet that target early. Chinese officials now say they expect to get the number down to 60 percent this year. A report released in January by the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis, based in Ohio, said China was the world leader in domestic investment in renewable energy and associated    sectors, with $103 billion invested in 2015. And China is going global with that strategy  —   last year, it invested $32 billion in large overseas deals involving renewable energy. “There are clear differences between the Chinese approach and the Trump administration on climate change,” Ms. Hilton said. “While Trump’s administration seems to believe that action on climate change is a waste of money and threatens jobs in the U. S. China sees investment in   action as essential to secure a safe and prosperous future for Chinese citizens, as well as a strategic opportunity to develop and supply the technologies of the future. ”",0
12672,"In U.S. Jails, a Constitutional Clash Over Air-Conditioning - The New York Times","JENNINGS, La.  —   The air inside the Jefferson Davis Parish jail was hot and musty. Prisoners, often awakened by the morning heat, hoped for cooling rain after nightfall. And ice, one inmate recalled, brought fleeting relief in the cell she called a “sweatbox. ” Even though summer temperatures routinely roar past 100 degrees here, the jail, like scores of other jails and prisons across the country, has no  . “It’s hot,” Heidi Bourque, who was locked up this month for theft, said of the jail as she sat in her home, where the glowing red digits of the living room thermostat showed the temperature as a chilling 62. “It’s miserable. ” Her complaints are unlikely to move local residents, who approved funding to build a new jail after local leaders promised two years ago that it would not pamper inmates with  . But they speak to a broader debate about the threshold for when extreme temperatures become cruel and unusual punishment. Judges from Arizona to Mississippi to Wisconsin have declared over the years that the Eighth Amendment to the Constitution forbids incarceration in decidedly hot or cold temperatures. Still, prison reform activists encounter deep resistance in their quest to cool the nation’s cellblocks. “It’s almost impossible for courts to deny the constitutional violation because extreme heat undoubtedly exposes individuals to substantial risk of serious harm,” said Mercedes Montagnes, a lawyer for three inmates with health issues who challenged conditions on Louisiana’s death row. “Now what we’re grappling with is the remedy. ” Officials offer a range of justifications for the absence of   and for their reliance on cold showers, plentiful liquids and fans to help prisoners manage in the heat. Some contend that cooling systems are prohibitively expensive to install, particularly in older facilities. In places like Louisiana and Texas, sweltering states where elected officials cherish    credentials, it is politically poisonous to be perceived as coddling prisoners. And many officials simply say that temperatures are not anywhere near as dire as prisoners and their lawyers claim. “For the first 20 years of my life, I lived in a house with no ” said Jim Willett, the director of the Texas Prison Museum and a former warden at the state’s death house. “I just have a hard time sympathizing with anybody over  . ” The Louisiana Department of Corrections declined to comment, citing the lawsuit by Ms. Montagnes’s clients, who said that they had at times chosen to sleep “on the hard floor, in spite of the risk of bites from fire ants, because the floor is slightly cooler than their beds. ” A spokesman for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice, which is facing an array of lawsuits over the issue of jail temperatures, including a   case, said in a statement that “the   of staff and offenders is a top priority for the agency and we remain committed to making sure that both are safe during the extreme heat. ” The spokesman, Jason Clark, said that 30 of his agency’s 109 facilities are fully   but he asserted that retrofitting all the department’s other prisons would cost hundreds of millions of dollars. The disputes surrounding the climate of modern incarceration can be partly traced to 1981, when the Supreme Court concluded that “the Constitution does not mandate comfortable prisons. ” About 35 years later, states, counties and cities are interpreting the court’s words in their own ways. In Texas, state regulations require that temperatures in county jails “shall be reasonably maintained between 65 degrees Fahrenheit and 85 degrees Fahrenheit in all occupied areas. ” But that standard does not apply to state prisons. In Louisiana, the placement of a city or parish border can dictate the relative comfort of a night in a local lockup. Pretrial inmates here in Jefferson Davis Parish, a rural area of about 31, 000 people where the heat index on a recent afternoon hit 106 degrees, spend their days and nights in the small jail on the third floor of the courthouse. There are fans, but no  . “We don’t want to make it real comfortable for them because we don’t want them to want to come back,” Christopher Ivey, the chief sheriff’s deputy, said in his   office two floors beneath the jail. “We try to get it and keep it at a level that it’s comfortable enough that they can survive. ” Mr. Ivey, who said no parish inmate had suffered a   illness since the sheriff took office in 2012, said he believed the jail’s temperature never exceeded 80 degrees. But a jailer who dropped by Mr. Ivey’s office suggested that temperatures regularly reached the  . “You don’t leave there not moist,” Mr. Ivey acknowledged. Parish officials, who have not faced a court challenge about jail temperatures, did not agree to requests for a tour of the facility or interviews with current inmates. But after her release, Ms. Bourque, 25, described an environment where inmates found little relief. “It’s hot as hell,” she said. “The church ladies come over there, and I told her that. And she was like, ‘No, I believe hell is hotter.’ And I was like, ‘It’s just an expression. It’s hot as hell. ’” Inmates, lawyers and doctors described similar conditions inside other jails across the South, and some said that temperatures endangered the lives of prisoners with health problems. “Once these buildings heat up in the summertime, they never really do ever cool back down again,” Keith M. Cole, a plaintiff in the Texas   case, said at the Navasota prison where he is serving a life sentence for murder and is being treated for heart disease, diabetes and hypertension. “  to me wouldn’t be a comfort. It’s a necessity  —   it’s a medical necessity. ” Mr. Cole, 62, said that he understood public skepticism of   for prisoners, and that he might have even embraced such an opinion before he was sentenced in 1995. But in an interview, he said, “This isn’t about comfort. This is about life or death. ” Dressed in the plain white uniform of a Texas inmate, he spoke for nearly an hour in the prison’s   visitation center. “This is beautiful,” he said. “This is paradise right here. You couldn’t ask for anything better than this. ” The state said that adding   at Mr. Cole’s prison would cost of more than $22 million, with about $478, 000 in annual operating costs. Many of the pending cases could take years to resolve. A federal judge in Baton Rouge, La. ruled in Ms. Montagnes’s favor in 2013, but lawyers for the state and the prisoners are still haggling over fixes after an appeals court’s ruling. One proposed solution, detailed in a court filing this month, is what officials described as a “Cajun cooler,” which both sides said “essentially consists of a combination of an ice chest, a fan and a duct that emits cool air. ” And as the court battles continue, both sides question why the issue has become such a protracted, expensive battle. “In the South, almost everybody has ” said Jeffrey S. Edwards, a lawyer for Mr. Cole. “This isn’t a luxury anymore. Almost everyone has it, except for these inmates. ” In Jefferson Davis Parish and elsewhere, plenty of people wonder why climate control is even before the courts. Prisoners are serving punishments and do not merit, as people here repeatedly put it, “a country club jail. ” (Such worries are common: The Florida Department of Corrections felt compelled to list “prisons are  ” at the beginning on a list of “misconceptions. ”) But since the May 2014 vote here, law enforcement and civic leaders in Jefferson Davis Parish received what they regarded as dispiriting news: Some electronic features of the new jail will need to be kept cool to remain operational. So the prisoners will get   after all.",0
12673,"WATCH: Cops Chase Armed, Attempted Murder Suspect on I-405","Los Angeles police faced a brief shootout and were led on a     chase through the streets of the San Fernando Valley and southbound along the Interstate 405 Monday night by an armed attempted murder suspect wanted for allegedly shooting his    early Sunday morning. [“The guy shot through the window,” a Los Angeles Police Department officer told Breitbart News. “Eventually, he came out of his car and surrendered. ”  The 405 was still closed on Tuesday morning, the officer said, “because there were shots fired and they have to do a full investigation. It should be open by now. ” Another officer, Jeff Nuttall, told Breitbart News that the 405 was closed for approximately six or seven hours due to an “  shooting. ” “One of our police dogs bit the suspect and he was taken into custody.  I don’t know the exact location of the   shooting, but I do know it was sometime during the pursuit. That’s why it was closed. It was all part of the   shooting investigation. I would say it reopened at around 7 a. m. ” According to ABC 7, the suspect is believed to be Marcos Tulio Flores, 32. He drove a silver Acura. His    is reportedly hospitalized in critical condition. Video footage of the chase shows the suspect constantly slowing his car and then speeding it up as approximately 13 police cars followed him from behind. The entire video of the chase was posted to YouTube: ABC 7 reported that the suspect also threw items out of his windows including clothing. Eventually, the officers administered a PIT (precision immobilization technique) move on the vehicle, which sent him spinning and immobilizing him. The cop car drove into the back of the driver’s side of the vehicle which sent it spinning and causing the suspect to lose control. Authorities then surrounded the suspect’s vehicle and took him into custody using the help of a  . A series of other   chases have also taken place throughout the Golden State. In December, “a man who appeared to be under the influence of some substance” led police on a wild chase after he “breached a secure area at San Francisco International Airport” and ran onto a tarmac at the busy airport. Just four months prior to that, in San Diego, a Chinese family vacationing in the area led police on a   chase after becoming confused following their failure to yield o a police officer’s sirens after evading a stop. This past July, an “unusual” video of an unidentified   driver racing down the Interstate 880 in Oakland went viral. Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz",0
12674,Eight ways to strengthen our democracy beyond voting,"Eight ways to strengthen our democracy beyond voting The strength of our civic life depends on what we do outside elections. By Chuck Collins   Chuck Collins 
Throughout this trying election season, we’ve been told how much is at stake with our vote. But the success of any democracy depends on continuing to pay attention long after we cast our ballots. 
So let’s pledge to strengthen our democracy with a few resolutions to focus our intentions and keep us moving forward over the next four years. 
1. Change your media diet . 
Way too much ink, airtime, and mental real estate has been consumed by the horserace reporting on elections—it’s all about who’s winning and losing. So unplug from the talk shows that interview pollsters and engage in partisan bickering all day. Find the commentators and independent media outlets that strengthen our civic life. 
2. Turn off corporate media. 
This election has been very profitable for big media corporations, but bad for our democracy. As CBS chairman Les Moonves remarked , “Man, who would have expected the ride we’re all having right now? The money’s rolling in and this is fun.” 
Our differences have been compounded by media reports that amplify the loudest and most partisan utterances. Election coverage this year has encouraged us to view one another as cartoon caricatures, not neighbors. 
3. Reject the consumer mentality in elections . 
We’re encouraged to view national elections like consumers buying a car, but presidential elections can make most of us feel like spectators, not participants. Election Day is a small part of our real democracy—think of voting as a tiny fraction of your civic life. 
4. Make your voice heard . 
Pledge to communicate with your elected officials all year round, not just when they want your vote. Call, write, email, and attend community forums. When a politician hears from a dozen constituents with the same concern, it matters. 
A few resolutions must address our polarized political atmosphere. The only way to break through this is by connecting with people we don’t always agree with. 
For instance, the liberal California sociologist Arlie Hochschild spent five years interviewing conservative Tea Party activists in Louisiana, making friends and asking deep questions. She urges us all to scale the “empathy wall” and learn each other’s stories. 
Here’s a few easy ways to get started. 
5.Try a social media fast. 
Social media is amazing, but it mostly serves as an echo chamber to reinforce our existing views. It’s not a substitute for talking to people, asking questions, and learning why people support certain policies. 
6. Practice the art of civil discourse . 
Find ways to meet others face-to-face to engage in conversations, not soapbox speeches and debates. Look at the “ Living Room Conversation ” movement that brings people together across political divisions. Their goal is to encourage “authentic, respectful conversations” to “strengthen relationships and advance understanding of the challenges, opportunities, and solutions before us.” 
Finally, other resolutions should focus on changing our polarizing election system. 
7. Eliminate the wealth primary . 
Long before voters cast their ballots in a primary, big money donors have winnowed the field and selected who will stand for election. People all across the political spectrum agree that we need fundamental campaign finance reform to reduce the influence of big money, including the repeal of Citizens United . 
8. Break the two-party duopoly . 
A growing number of voters have declared independence from the two major parties. So why do we allow other voices and perspectives to be excluded from presidential debates? Our democracy would benefit if we had real choices outside the two major parties, as they do in most other countries in the world. 
The strength of our civic life depends on what we do outside elections. And especially after the deeply toxic experience of 2016, we all need to step up to protect our real democracy from those who profit from division. 
Chuck Collins co-edits Inequality.org at the Institute for Policy Studies and is author of the new book, Born on Third Base: A One Percenter Makes the Case for Tackling Inequality, Bringing Wealth Home, and Committing to the Common Good . Distributed by OtherWords.org.   permalink .",0
12675,Two More Hollywood Films For Men That Leave Today’s SJW Movies In The Dust,"  Two More Hollywood Films For Men That Leave Today’s SJW Movies In The Dust Two More Hollywood Films For Men That Leave Today’s SJW Movies In The Dust Bob Smith 
Bob Smith is a man in search of the truth. His favorite quotes are, ""We're all fools on this earth, and I can be no different""; ""I know it's true, I read it at the LIE-brary""; and ""The truth is not misogynistic, it's just the truth"". November 11, 2016 Culture 
Today we are going to take a quick look at two epic Clint Eastwood films, one of which is a well-known, Western classic ( The Outlaw Josey Wales ). The other one is a little-known, under-the-radar gem, which showcases the psychotic insanity of the deranged Western female ( Play Misty for Me ). 
Both of these superb RPO films will leave any red-pill male feeling wholly satisfied, shortly after viewing them, and, well, that’s what these movie reviews of your old Uncle Bob’s are all about, are they not…helping you find the bona fide gold nuggets amid the endlessly steaming piles of SJW Hollywood crap? Yes indeed. 
So let’s get crackin’. 1. The Outlaw Josey Wales (1976 – Clint Eastwood, Chief Dan George, Bill McKinney, John Vernon) 
Clint Eastwood directed and starred in this sweeping, extremely well-crafted, post-Civil War epic film, and the cinematography and direction are undeniably excellent. But Eastwood’s portrayal of the Southern-sympathizer, Josey Wales, who has a major score to settle after Union troops burn his house down and murder his wife and children, is in itself a major cinematic achievement. 
Out for blood and taking no prisoners, Eastwood’s merciless Josey Wales thunders across the plains and prairies of the American West, blowing scores of Northern soldiers away in the process, as he makes a desperate dash towards Mexico, and what he hopes will be sanctuary. But Wales gets sidetracked along the way, collecting a stray dog and a few stray human beings as well, which proves that the only thing a man can truly count on in this life is change. 
There’s a great scene early on in the film, involving Josey Wales’ partner in crime, Jaimie (played by Sam Bottoms), where he starts babbling incoherently, while faking a state of fever-induced delirium from underneath a blanket, as the two outlaws are confronted by a pair of backwoods yahoos who are looking to collect the bounty that has recently been placed on Wales’ head. 
Here, we clearly see the behavior of the typical, frightened, woefully outmanned beta male, as character actor Len Lesser (who portrays the overmatched bounty hunter Abe) starts yapping and barking in a very loud voice, while jerking around excitedly, shortly after getting the drop on Eastwood’s alpha-male killing-machine. 
If you’re an alpha male and you’re in good shape, you’ve undoubtedly seen similar beta-male behavior. Probably at a bar, when some paunchy beta asswit, who’s sitting with his cucked crew, has had one too many beers and starts cutting you down in a passive-aggressive manner, from your periphery, as he barks and yaps in an excited voice about how tough he used to be, or how he doesn’t need to lift weights to be a man, or how he doesn’t think it’s cool to wear tight shorts (a hostile barb born of envy, uttered because he feels his package is inadequate). Yup, you know the routine. 
In the film’s wow-we-almost-had-a-gangbang scene, featuring a somewhat-turned-on Sondra Locke (see above photo; Locke portrays Kansas-born settler, Laura Lee), as she’s confronted in the back of a covered wagon and dragged outside by a group of lusty Comancheros, which was obviously a blatant exaggeration, because, as we already know, all rapes are committed by totally unattractive, deranged, horribly evil, light-skinned men who smell badly and have absolutely zero neck tattoos—“ E , ” etc.—Clint’s character comes riding to the rescue out of the hills and guns the would-be rapists down, which probably made SJWs and feminists at the time scream with unbridled outrage at the theater screen, “She was giving her consent ! Didn’t you see it ? It was in her eyes ! It’s her right to express herself sexually, with however many men she might choose ! Murderer! Creeper! Pussy-blocker !” 
Unfortunately, just like today, there were feminists and SJWs aplenty back in 1976. Their numbers have been growing with a vengeance since roughly the mid-1960s, and after more than 50 years in the saddle, they still keep going round and round in circles, yelling preprogrammed buzzwords and catch-phrases, while unknowingly speeding up the destruction of freedom of speech, but hey, Uncle Bob, tell us something we don’t already know, and yeah, I’ll get back to the film review now. 
My favorite scene in the movie occurs when Josey Wales (who, now that I think about it, is a bit of a white knight, hmm…), rescues a Native American woman who is about to be double-teamed against her will by a pair of drunken white trappers. 
Eastwood’s mad-dog character ultimately gets the drop on the would-be bounty-collectors, and he blows them straight to hell in an impressive hail of gunfire, which, I’ll have to admit, is pretty darned cool in itself. I mean, that’s why we watch films like this, isn’t it – for the violence, and the babes, and the red-pill messages? Well, there are plenty of those to be had in this no-holds-barred, epic Western film. 
Maybe I’m going to have to rethink this movie in terms of it being perceived as a wholly red-pill film. Clint’s character stepped up and stopped a potential gangbang, as well as a three-way, and nobody asked him to do it. So this might have been a sly, Hollywood warm-up for the series of blatant white knight films we see today, but I don’t really want to think that way about Clint, so I won’t. I’ll just gulp down a quick blue pill right now—ah, much better. 
I mean, Clint played Dirty Harry Callahan, for chrissakes, in a film that I will hopefully be reviewing at a later date, if I don’t get hit by a truck driven by an illegal alien who’s sporting 20 arrests for murder while having no driver’s license; or lynched by a swarm of rabid SJWs who are on the hunt for any white male who isn’t a media CEO or a billionaire. 
The film bogs down a bit after about the two-thirds mark, in my opinion, but it still gets high marks across the board in every other critical category. If you haven’t seen it, rectify that soon. You can’t miss by watching this top-drawer, RPO film for men. 2. Play Misty for Me (1971 – Clint Eastwood, Jessica Walter, Donna Mills) 
Unless they are over-the-top, laughingly ridiculous, obviously fictional slasher films, red-pill movies like this one just don’t get made in Hollywood any longer. 
When you think of Clint Eastwood, you usually think of Dirty Harry , or The Outlaw Josey Wales , or Unforgiven , or Gran Torino, but Clint made a few obscure films that were both solidly red pill, and truly excellent movies, although they’ve been swept under the rug and locked away in the film vaults by today’s liberal-leaning film-hiders. 
In this well-directed, highly suspenseful thriller, Carmel-by-the-sea disk jockey, Dave Carver (Clint Eastwood) lives a freewheeling, alpha male lifestyle, regularly banging out an assortment of hot women who listen to his live jazz broadcasts on a nightly basis. Carver is living the dream, pounding most of the available hot babes, and thoroughly enjoying his rightfully appointed alpha male privilege (or is that white male privilege?…er…SJW moment there, sorry). 
That is, until Jessica Walter’s psycho-stalker character, Evelyn, walks into his life. 
Now, you may have encountered a few of these yourself. Or maybe it’s just me. Sometimes I think I have an invisible sign on my forehead that only the initiated can read, which proclaims, “If you’re hot and insane—I’m your guy.” But Clint Eastwood shows us exactly what it’s like to be pursed by an attractive, psycho, female stalker. From writing creepy notes to him in lipstick on his mirror, to cutting up his clothing, to attacking his cleaning lady in a fit of jealous rage, Clint’s disk-jockey character quickly begins to realize that he bit off a hell of a lot more than just pussy when he started banging actress Jessica Walter’s batshit-crazy Evelyn. 
I’ve always had a feeling that actresses who were really good in these psycho roles, were just being themselves. But I could be wrong about that. (I was wrong once before—it was in the third grade and she didn’t really love me.) Be that as it may, Jessica Walters really brings her A-game in the role of the totally unhinged Evelyn. If you’ve ever had a relationship with a woman like this one, watching the film will send chills down your spine, and result in some serious flashback imagery. 
(Have you ever done this—what Clint is doing in the above photo—namely, hold and comfort a crazy woman who somehow managed to weasel her way into your life, by skillfully turning you into both an enabler and a caretaker…if so, I definitely feel your pain. And I’ll bet Clint has experienced it a time or three himself, or he probably wouldn’t have done this film.) 
Play Misty for Me is absolutely worth watching for myriad reasons; but the most important reason of all, I wholeheartedly believe, is because it will clearly demonstrate to you, in no uncertain terms, the subtle and overt signs that a man absolutely has to be able to recognize, in order to avoid being blindsided by a psychotic, unhinged female. And for that reason alone, it’s a must-see classic, no doubt about it; when Clint’s character ultimately gets revenge on his tormentor, at the very end of this excellent RPO film, you’ll feel all warm and fuzzy inside, too—and in a weird, viscerally satisfying way—which makes the whole experience just that much more gratifying. 
By boycotting all modern SJW Hollywood cinema, you are sending a message to the power structure that is loud and clear—you are not being fooled by their deliberate attempts to poison people’s minds and socially engineer them to be pussified, dumbed-down, blue-pill-sucking robots. 
Always research the plot lines of any films for which you are seriously considering buying a ticket, or renting on DVD. And if you smell an SJW rat, don’t spend your money. It’s that simple. In the end, it’s just like investigating a potential LTR candidate. You have to conduct your due diligence. Otherwise, you might just get taken for a ride.",0
12676,"How Hillary Clinton Grappled With Bill Clinton’s Infidelity, and His Accusers - The New York Times","Hillary Clinton was campaigning for her husband in January 1992 when she learned of the race’s newest  : Gennifer Flowers had just released tapes of phone calls with Bill Clinton to back up her claim they had had an affair. Other candidates had been driven out of races by accusations of infidelity. But now, at a cold, dark airfield in South Dakota, Mrs. Clinton was questioning campaign aides by phone and vowing to fight back on behalf of her husband. “Who’s tracking down all the research on Gennifer?” she asked, according to a journalist traveling with her at the time. The enduring image of Mrs. Clinton from that campaign was a “60 Minutes” interview in which she told the country she was not blindly supporting her husband out of wifely duty. “I’m not sitting here, some little woman standing by my man like Tammy Wynette,” she said. But stand by she did, holding any pain or doubts in check as the campaign battled to keep the Clintons’ political aspirations alive. Last week, Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, criticized Mrs. Clinton over Mr. Clinton’s affairs and her response to them, and said he might talk more about the issue in the final weeks before the election. That could be a treacherous strategy for Mr. Trump, given his own past infidelity and questionable treatment of women. Many voters, particularly women, might see Mrs. Clinton being blamed for her husband’s conduct. It could also remind voters of a searing period in American history, and in Mrs. Clinton’s life. Confronting a spouse’s unfaithfulness is painful under any circumstance. For Mrs. Clinton, it happened repeatedly and in the most public of ways, unfolding at the dawn of the   news cycle, and later in impeachment proceedings that convulsed the nation. Outwardly, she remained stoic and defiant, defending her husband while a progression of women and   conservative operatives accused Mr. Clinton of behavior unbecoming the leader of the free world. But privately, she embraced the Clinton campaign’s aggressive strategy of counterattack: Women who claimed to have had sexual encounters with Mr. Clinton would become targets of digging and discrediting  —   tactics that women’s rights advocates frequently denounce. The campaign hired a private investigator with a   reputation who embarked on a mission, as he put it in a memo, to impugn Ms. Flowers’s “character and veracity until she is destroyed beyond all recognition. ” In a pattern that would later be repeated with other women, the investigator’s staff scoured Arkansas and beyond, collecting disparaging accounts from   employers and others who claimed to know Ms. Flowers, accounts that the campaign then disseminated to the news media. By the time Mr. Clinton finally admitted to “sexual relations” with Ms. Flowers, years later, Clinton aides had used stories collected by the private investigator to brand her as a “bimbo” and a “pathological liar. ” Mrs. Clinton’s level of involvement in that effort, as described in interviews, internal campaign records and archives, is still the subject of debate. By some accounts, she gave the green light and was a motivating force by others, her support was no more than tacit assent. What is clear is that Mrs. Clinton was in a difficult spot. She was aware that her husband had cheated earlier in their marriage, but by her telling, she also believed him when he denied the accusations levied by Ms. Flowers and others. Mickey Kantor, the chairman of Bill Clinton’s 1992 campaign, said that Mrs. Clinton wanted to separate fact from fiction and to size up the women making the claims. “Let’s say the woman has some   things that she has done in the past,” Mr. Kantor said. “Wouldn’t you want to know that, and evaluate it?” At the same time, a growing cadre of conservative groups and media outlets had begun focusing on the issue. Mrs. Clinton, those close to her said, viewed the attacks as a political crusade that demanded a stiff political response. And that determination to fight back inspired others in the campaign to do the same. “She’s the firefighter running to the fire,” Mr. Kantor said, “not away from it. ” Mrs. Clinton and her husband declined to be interviewed, and her campaign did not answer questions about her support of efforts to undermine the women. “The country closed the book on these matters close to 20 years ago, and there is nothing whatsoever new here,” her spokesman, Brian Fallon, said in a statement. Her campaign also released statements from James Carville, Mr. Clinton’s top campaign strategist, and two lawyers who worked for Mr. Clinton, saying that Mrs. Clinton had not overseen the counterattacks. “Those who took the lead in responding to those attacks at the time have plainly stated that Hillary Clinton did not direct their work,” Mr. Fallon said. Four years after Gary Hart fled a presidential race amid speculation about an affair, every accusation of womanizing was viewed as a mortal threat to Mr. Clinton’s campaign. Stanley Greenberg, a pollster for the campaign who had strategized with the Clintons in the fall of 1991 about how to handle the rumors of infidelity, recalled Mrs. Clinton’s acknowledgment that her husband had strayed. “It was an uncomfortable meeting,” Mr. Greenberg said in an interview for an oral history of Mr. Clinton’s presidency conducted by the Miller Center at the University of Virginia. “I remember Hillary saying that, ‘obviously, if I could say no to this question, we would say no, and therefore, there is an issue. ’” Weeks later, their first taste of trouble came in a Penthouse magazine story by a rock groupie named Connie Hamzy, who claimed Mr. Clinton had once propositioned her at a hotel in Little Rock, Ark. Mr. Clinton brushed off the story, saying that Ms. Hamzy had made a sexual advance toward him, George Stephanopoulos, the communications director of the 1992 campaign, recalled in his book, “All Too Human. ” But Mrs. Clinton demanded action. “We have to destroy her story,” she said, according to Mr. Stephanopoulos. In what became a common tactic, affidavits were collected, from an aide and two others who stated that they were with Mr. Clinton at the hotel and that Ms. Hamzy’s story was false. (Contacted recently, Ms. Hamzy said she stood by her account.) When the work was done, both Clintons called Mr. Stephanopoulos, together, to offer their thanks. The Gennifer Flowers story landed like a bomb weeks before the New Hampshire primary. Ms. Flowers, a lounge singer and Arkansas state employee at the time, sold Star magazine her story claiming an affair with Mr. Clinton that had lasted more than 10 years. In a meeting with aides, the Clintons scripted a unified defense that they delivered in the interview on “60 Minutes. ” With Mrs. Clinton nodding agreement, Mr. Clinton admitted to the TV audience to “causing pain in my marriage,” but denied an affair with Ms. Flowers. Mrs. Clinton professed sympathy for Ms. Flowers, saying she had been caught up in rumors through no fault of her own. But at a news conference the next day, Ms. Flowers reasserted her claims, playing excerpts from her calls with Mr. Clinton. The two could be heard discussing the attention the rumors were getting, and she joked about his sexual talents. Glimpsing the news conference in South Dakota, Mrs. Clinton directed an aide to get Mr. Clinton on the phone, Gail Sheehy, a journalist traveling with her, recalled in a recent interview. “It was a reaction of no surprise, but immediate anger and action,” said Ms. Sheehy, who also described her observations in a Vanity Fair article that year. “Not anger at Bill, but at Flowers, the press and Republicans. ” Back on a plane that night, Mrs. Clinton told Ms. Sheehy that if she were to question Ms. Flowers in front of a jury, “I would crucify her. ” Years later, Mrs. Clinton would say she had thought her husband had conquered his weakness in the late 1980s. The comment came in an interview with Talk magazine in 1999, after the Monica Lewinsky scandal nearly brought down his presidency. In that interview, as well as in conversations around that time with a friend, Diane Blair, she explained her husband’s straying: It was rooted in his childhood, when he felt pressure to please two women  —   a mother and a grandmother  —   who battled over him he was under great stress she herself had not attended to his emotional needs. “She thinks she was not smart enough, not sensitive enough, not free enough of her own concerns and struggles to realize the price he was paying,” Ms. Blair wrote in her notes of their talks. And, in Mrs. Clinton’s eyes, her husband’s encounters with Ms. Lewinsky were “not sex within any real meaning,” she told Ms. Blair. But in 1992, that unbending devotion to Mr. Clinton had an important effect. It had made a lasting impression on everyone around the couple, and helped keep the campaign from listing. She did not falter, even when her aide, Richard Mintz, told her she would have to call Ms. Wynette, who had taken offense to the “60 Minutes” reference. “Was this what she wanted to do? No,” Mr. Mintz said in an interview. “But she gathered herself together. She was composed and resilient. ” “It was the toughest week you could ever imagine. ” Weeks later, a small group of campaign aides, along with Mrs. Clinton, met at the governor’s mansion in Little Rock, and they made a pivotal decision: They would hire Jack Palladino, a private investigator known for tactics such as making surreptitious recordings and deploying attractive women to extract information. An aide to the campaign, who declined to be publicly identified because the aide had not been authorized to speak for the Clintons, said Mrs. Clinton was among those who had discussed and approved the hiring, which shifted the campaign to a more aggressive posture. Mr. Kantor, the campaign chairman, said he did not know whether Mrs. Clinton had specifically approved Mr. Palladino’s employment as the other aide recalled. But he said that she had seen a need for outside help. “She believed we had to deal with the issue directly,” Mr. Kantor said. Mr. Palladino, who did not respond to requests for an interview, reported to James Lyons, a lawyer working for the campaign. In a memo that he addressed to Mr. Lyons on March 30, Mr. Palladino proposed a   press on Ms. Flowers. “Every acquaintance, employer, and past lover should be located and interviewed,” Mr. Palladino wrote. “She is now a shining icon  —   telling lies that so far have proved all benefit and no cost  —   for any other opportunist who may be considering making Clinton a target. ” Soon, Ms. Flowers heard from   and others who said they had been contacted by a private investigator. “They would say that he would try to manipulate them,” Ms. Flowers recalled, “or get them to say things like I was sexually active. ” Karen Steele, who had worked with Ms. Flowers at the Roy Clark Celebrity Theater in Branson, Mo. was among those who received a visit. “I remember I got questioned about brothers Gennifer and I once dated,” she said. “It wasn’t warm and fuzzy. ” The information gathered by Mr. Palladino was given to Betsey Wright, a former chief of staff to Mr. Clinton in Arkansas who, with Mrs. Clinton’s support, was put in charge of dealing with accusations of infidelity. “Betsey Wright was handling whatever those issues were,” Susan Thomases, a friend of the Clintons who had served in the campaign, told the oral history project. “And it had been very comfortable because Hillary had let her do it. ” Through Ms. Wright, the digging into Ms. Flowers and other women would be passed on to reporters. Ms. Wright declined to be interviewed, saying in an email, “It is reprehensible that The New York Times is joining The National Enquirer and Donald Trump by dredging up irrelevant slime from the past. ” At the time, Ms. Wright boasted to The Washington Post of Mr. Palladino’s success in countering what she memorably called “bimbo eruptions,” and in defusing two dozen accusations of affairs, which she contended were false. In the cover story of an issue of Penthouse in which Ms. Flowers posed nude  —   she would earn at least $500, 000 selling her story to media outlets  —   Ms. Wright pushed allegations about her gathered by Mr. Palladino, including “résumé hype, attempted blackmail, manufacturing a     affair with Clinton to salvage a flopola singing career. ” Ms. Wright read to the Penthouse reporter a statement, taken by Mr. Palladino, that “when the richest of her many lovers would not leave his wife, or come across with more money, she staged a suicide attempt with wine and Valium. ” Mrs. Clinton herself took aim at Ms. Flowers in a June 1992 appearance on “The Arsenio Hall Show” better remembered for Mr. Clinton’s saxophone playing. Mr. Hall asked Mrs. Clinton about Ms. Flowers: “You know what her problem is?” “She’s got lots of problems,” Mrs. Clinton said. Ms. Flowers denied the accusations about her, calling the suicide story, in particular, “false and cruel. ” Mr. Clinton later admitted, during a deposition in the Paula Jones sexual harassment case, that he had sex with Ms. Flowers once. “You’ve got to believe that Hillary Clinton wanted to protect her husband and thought he was being unfairly charged,” Mr. Kantor said. “Does she know more today than she did then? Of course. ” Gloria Allred, a   women’s rights lawyer who was a convention delegate for Mrs. Clinton, said that digging up a woman’s sexual past was a classic shaming strategy. “Most people are not nuns, and most people aren’t Girl Scouts,” Ms. Allred said. “That doesn’t mean they’re not telling the truth. ” Told of Mrs. Clinton’s support for hiring Mr. Palladino, she said, “If Hillary signed off on a private investigator, let’s call it a minus. ” But she added, “It wouldn’t change my support for her because there are so many pluses for her, like her stance on abortion. ” “I’d like to hear from Hillary Clinton on the role she played. ” Mrs. Clinton’s campaign, asked about her role, released a statement from Mr. Lyons saying that Mrs. Clinton “was not involved in hiring” the private investigator. It also released a statement from Mr. Carville. “Hillary wanted us to defend the governor against attacks,” Mr. Carville’s statement said, adding: “It’s just ridiculous to imagine that she was somehow directing our response operation. That was my job, not hers. ” After Ms. Jones, an Arkansas state employee, accused Mr. Clinton in 1994 of having made an unwanted sexual advance, Mrs. Clinton begged Ms. Wright to “put a stop to it,” Ms. Wright recalled in Carl Bernstein’s book “A Woman in Charge. ” In a recent interview, Ms. Jones put it this way: “They sent out people to dig up trash on me. ” The Clintons saw Ms. Jones’s lawsuit in political terms it was eventually bankrolled by the conservative Rutherford Institute, part of what Mrs. Clinton would call a “vast   conspiracy” out to get the couple. But it would take a great toll. Before Mr. Clinton settled for $850, 000, without making any admissions, Ms. Jones’s lawyers were able to ask him in a deposition about Ms. Lewinsky. His lying about their affair ultimately led to his impeachment on charges of perjury and obstruction of justice. In her book “Living History,” Mrs. Clinton wrote that after Mr. Clinton admitted what had happened, she was left “feeling dumbfounded, heartbroken and outraged that I’d believed him. ” Friends wondered whether the marriage had reached its breaking point. But weeks later, Mrs. Clinton told her friend Ms. Blair that “they’re connected in every way imaginable, she feels strongly about him and family and Chelsea and marriage, and she’s just got to try to work it through,” according to Ms. Blair’s personal writings, which her family gave to the University of Arkansas after her death in 2000. While Mrs. Clinton considered the Lewinsky affair a “personal lapse” by her husband, she gave him credit for trying to break it off and manage someone who was a “narcissistic loony toon,” according to Ms. Blair’s papers. Soon after, Mrs. Clinton expressed pleasure to her friend that she and her husband were able to drive “their adversaries totally nuts” because they did not appear to be suffering. Ms. Blair wrote in that entry a direct quotation from Mrs. Clinton: “Most people in this town have no pain threshold. ”",0
12677,FLASHBACK - Hillary Clinton’s ‘KKK’ Smear Against Trump was Democrat Strategy,"November 21, 2016 By 21wire Leave a Comment 
William McGurn Wall Street Journal 
Let’s get this straight. Calling Hillary Clinton a “bigot” has reporters asking every Republican in sight if Donald Trump has gone too far. But the Clinton campaign releases a video saying Mr. Trump is the candidate of the Ku Klux Klan, and it’s all okey-dokey? 
Then again, Mr. Trump has already been likened to Hitler, Mussolini and Stalin. Small wonder there’s a collective ho-hum when Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine says Mr. Trump is peddling “KKK values.” 
This is what Democrats do. It didn’t start with Mr. Trump, either. For years Democrats have portrayed the GOP as one giant hate group. 
Each presidential election, the drill goes like this: 
After Republicans nominate someone, he immediately finds himself having to prove he’s not a hater – of African-Americans, of women, of gays, etc. 
This year Democrats added a twist. Mr. Trump, they claim, represents a break with all those decent and lovable Republicans such as Mitt Romney , John McCain and George W. Bush . Of course, this isn’t what they were saying back when these men were running for president. 
• In 2000, for example, an NAACP ad recreated the gruesome murder of James Byrd to imply that then-Gov. Bush was sympathetic to lynching black men. Over footage of a chain being dragged by a pickup truck, Mr. Byrd’s daughter says, “So when Gov. George W. Bush refused to support hate-crimes legislation, it was like my father was killed all over again.” 
• When John McCain ran in 2008, Barack Obama warned that Republicans would scare people by saying, “You know, he doesn’t look like all those other presidents on those dollar bills.” The McCain campaign fired back, accusing Mr. Obama of playing the race card from the “bottom of the deck.” Funny thing: All those reporters always hearing “dog whistles” from Republicans somehow didn’t hear this one. 
• In 2012, when Mitt Romney went to the NAACP and told them face-to-face about his opposition to ObamaCare, the stories were all about how he was really just trolling for the racist vote. Vice President Joe Biden put it more explicitly, telling a largely African-American audience that if Mr. Romney were to win, he’d “put ya’ll back in chains.” 
The only difference today is that Republicans now have a nominee giving as good as he gets…",0
12678,Exclusive - Paul Nehlen: Paul Ryan Has Zero Manufacturing Credibility - Breitbart,"It’s been reported that Speaker Ryan is going to speak to a room full of manufacturing leaders at the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) today. Ryan’s office is billing as his first major address on tax reform this year, and that Ryan will participate in a    session afterward. [This should be interesting.  Paul Ryan has zero experience with manufacturing. There is not one instance of Ryan ever holding a job managing manufacturing operations tasked with competing against local or foreign manufacturers. However, I’ve run heavily engineered manufacturing businesses around the globe. So I’ll take this opportunity to pose a few questions for Speaker Ryan that those in attendance might think about asking him: It’s been reported Ryan will say something to the effect of, “With more jobs, higher wages, and a stronger economy, American workers and families would be the greatest beneficiaries of this reform,” Ryan’s office said. “That’s why, following the principles outlined earlier this year by President Trump, the House, Senate, and administration are working together to meet this historic opportunity. ” Does Paul Ryan realize that foreign manufacturers will flock to the U. S. when the Corporate tax rate is dropped to 15 percent? Does Paul Ryan realize that the engine plant that left Kenosha for Canada did so because the tax rate in Canada is 15 percent? Does Paul Ryan realize that the GE plant that just announced it is leaving Waukesha is doing so because Canada offered $2B and a 15 percent tax rate? Canadian workers are inferior to American workers. I can say so with authority because I closed a Canadian factory in 2015 while with Neptune and brought those jobs back to America —  more profitably I might add. While with Tyden and SPX, I moved Mexican and Chinese factory jobs back to the U. S. —  again more profitably. I’d do so again in a heartbeat. The Speaker’s office last week said Ryan chose to give the speech at the NAM conference because one of his goals is to encourage companies to bring jobs back to the U. S. That’s odd. Then why would you refuse to do the one thing that would drive that more than any other, reduce the Corporate Tax rate to 15 percent like President Trump suggests? “We want tax reform now. We think it’s really important,” said Dorothy Coleman, vice president of tax and domestic economic policy at NAM. The Hill reported that she added that it’s becoming increasingly apparent that the U. S. tax code is holding businesses back. It is very encouraging: NAM is one of several prominent business groups that has not taken a stance on the border adjustments proposal. NAM should take this opportunity to reject the BAT and endorse President Trump’s 15 percent Corporate tax. Ryan and House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady ( ) have touted the BAT as “removing the Made In America tax. ” That’s just, as my grandfather would say, hogwash. Paul Nehlen is not another lifelong politician, but a business executive and inventor. Nehlen started out on the factory floor, and through God’s grace, grit, and determination rose to lead Fortune 500 manufacturing businesses around the world. Nehlen challenged Speaker Paul Ryan in Wisconsin’s 2016 First Congressional District to stop   Partnership and secure America’s border. Today he is waging the battle against the refugee resettlement racket and leading the cause to fight for America’s values. Nehlen has announced he is challenging Ryan in the 2018 Wisconsin First Congressional District primary. He lives in Delavan, Wisconsin.",0
12679,Spicer Challenges Democratic Leaders to Denounce Protesters Disrupting Hearing - Breitbart,"  Donald Trump’s spokesman Sean Spicer pressed reporters to question Democratic lawmakers about the treatment Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) gets during his confirmation hearing for United States Attorney General as   protesters continuously interrupted the hearing. [“It is somewhat sad to watch someone  —   the folks on the left  —   to try to interrupt the Democratic process,” Spicer stated to reporters on a conference call on Tuesday morning.  Spicer said he was peppered with questions during the campaign process about the type of individuals that support Trump and whether or not he would denounce these certain individuals and that he hopes the media ask Democratic leaders the same about the actions of these protesters. “I would hope that you on the call relentlessly ask the leaders in the Democratic Party  …    whether or not they equally denounce the   tactics by   …    groups to interrupt the Democratic process,” Spicer challenged the press. During Sessions’ confirmation hearing, several groups interrupted him as well as other lawmakers, including one group dressed as members of the KKK in an attempt to call Trump and his administration fascist. Two more guys disrupt Sessions hearing. ’No Trump! No KKK! No fascist USA!’ Gonna be a lot of this. Sessions resumes. Then another one!  —   Byron York (@ByronYork) January 10, 2017,  Before Jeff Sessions’ confirmation hearing for attorney general began, protesters wearing KKK garb were escorted out https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   CNN (@CNN) January 10, 2017,  Woman with @codepink removed after laughing out loud when one Senator praised Sessions civil rights record. pic. twitter.   —   NAACP (@NAACP) January 10, 2017, ",0
12680,هل بوسع التحالف حسم الموصل والرقة معا؟ - RT Arabic,"هل بوسع التحالف حسم الموصل والرقة معا؟ 
تاريخ النشر: 26.10.2016 | 19:17 GMT | انسخ الرابط http://ar.rt.com/i5hl 
مدينة الرقة السورية ستكون الوجهة التالية للتحالف الدولي، هذا ما تم اعلانه في اختتام إجتماع وزراء دفاع دول التحالف الدولي في العاصمة الفرنسية باريس، وبحسب وزيري الدفاع الامريكي والفرنسي فقد بدأت التحضيرات لعزل هذه المدينة السورية تمهيدا لتحريرها، بالتزامن مع معركة تحرير الموصل التي بدأت منذ نحو عشرة ايام فقط.فما واقعية الحديث عن طرد داعش من اكبر معقلين له في سوريا والعراق؟ لماذا في هذا التوقيت؟ وما هي الحسابات السياسية والميدانية لهذه المعارك. ",0
12681,ESPN’s Kellerman: NFL Is ’Injecting Politics’ by Playing the National Anthem at Games - Breitbart,"Thursday, ESPN “First Take”   Max Kellerman shared his reaction to Seattle Seahawks defensive lineman Michael Bennett comparing free agent quarterback Colin Kaepernick to boxing legend Muhammad Ali.  Kellerman admitted the two athletes are very different, but said the two are similar in that neither “went out looking for a protest. ” The ESPN personality then argued that Kaepernick did not inject politics into the NFL, but rather the NFL injects politics by playing the national anthem and “putting pressure” on people to stand. Partial transcript as follows: They both were asked to do things that went against their conscience. In this country, in the United States of America, you don’t have to do that. We are free to make our own choices. And if our conscience is bothering us, we can follow that. In Muhammad Ali’s case, he was asked to take a step forward and become a part of the Vietnam War, and he was against it on religious and moral and ethical principles, and he refused to take the step and he faced five years jail time but was ultimately vindicated in a Supreme Court case. OK, but he did have his prime stripped, his license revoked and he couldn’t earn a living for four years, all that. Colin Kaepernick also did not go looking for a protest. It came to him. He was asked to stand for the national anthem. You do not have to stand for the national anthem. And even if it it was a rule that you did, is that Colin Kaepernick injecting politics in the NFL? No. That’s the NFL injecting politics by playing the national anthem and putting pressure on you to stand for it in the first place. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
12682,The Daily Traditionalist: The Calais Cancer Metastasizes,"Radio Aryan October 27, 2016 
Sven Longshanks joins Matthew Heimbach to discuss the ongoing fall out from President Hollandeâs treacherous solution to the Calais jungle problem. Instead of rounding all the invaders up with extreme prejudice and sending them back to Libya, he has decided to make every town in France a gift of 50 jungle monkeys each. He must love what they have done to Calais so much, that he wants the same for every town in the country. Diversity really does mean destroying every White community in the world by filling then all up with a quota of hostile invasive species. 
Sven brings us the shocking news that five âSyrian migrant childrenâ have already gang raped a child at the British childrenâs home they were placed in this week. These âunaccompanied minorsâ were supposed to only be coming to Britain if they had family in the country, but thanks to an amendment added to the law by a Jew called Dubs, any brown person claiming to be under 18 whose life would be better in Britain than where they are now, has to be let in. This stupid law means that every juvenile in the third world could lay claim to a right to be allowed into Britain. This Jew is directly responsible for that child being raped and Matt reminds us of the fact that it is traitors in our own governments everywhere who are doing this to us. 
George Soros and other global players have been funding the criminals at Calais while they lie in wait to ambush a lorry and break into Britain and we see similar patterns emerging there that we see among the other groups that he funds. Black Lies Matter burned down Ferguson and the squatters at Calais burned down the Jungle last night too, but not before first taking some time out for another gang rape. Sven points out that this goes on regularly in Africa where it costs little to replace a burned down straw hut or dung shelter, but in the developed world it costs a fortune to repair the damage these Blacks cause. 
After bringing up the subject of how much it costs to care for those who hate us, Matt brings us some good news on the British economy, which we had been told by the lying media was bound to plunge into recession if there was a vote to leave the EU. It has actually increased by a percentage and Sven finishes the podcast by giving us a quick rundown of the state of play with Brexit, the Conservative Party and UKIP, who it is hoped will soon be led by Paul Nuttall. 
Presented by Matthew Heimbach and Sven Longshanks 
The Daily Traditionalist: The Calais Cancer Metastasizes â DT 102716",0
12683,Trump Warns Of ‘Vote Flipping’ On Machines,"“People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?” 
Steve Watson Prison Planet.com October 27, 2016 
GOP Nominee Donald Trump, who has for weeks warned that the election could be rigged against him, shot out a tweet Thursday indicating that he is aware of reports of machines ‘flipping’ to register votes for Hillary Clinton, when voters choose Trump. 
“A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas,” Trump tweeted. 
“People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?” A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on? 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 27, 2016 
As Infowars has highlighted , there have already been numerous reports of early voters in Texas seeing their ballots flipped from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. A d v e r t i s e m e n t 
While election officials have dismissed the reports, suggesting ‘user error’ is to blame, tech experts have long warned that the machines can become less accurate over time. 
Larry Norden, a voting technology expert, told NPR that the reports usually arise where outdated technology is being employed. 
“Over time, as people vote, that calibration becomes less and less accurate,” Norden noted. 
During elections over the past decade and more there have been reports of voting machines ‘flipping’. Indeed, the reports were so widespread that even entertainment shows such as The Simpsons drew attention to it: 
Meanwhile, The Washington Post has admitted that the press is engaging in voter suppression, bizarrely claiming it is a legitimate way of countering Trump’s ‘rigged’ election claims. 
Callum Borchers, author at the Washington Post blog The Fix writes: Since the final presidential debate last week, many news outlets have been delivering an unvarnished message to Donald Trump supporters: Your candidate is virtually certain to lose the election Nov. 8. A day later, the Times’s Upshot blog increased Clinton’s chances of winning to 93 percent , an all-time high. On Monday, Politico’s Ben Schreckinger wrote that “ Donald Trump’s path to an election night win is almost entirely closed .” Here at The Fix, Chris Cillizza and Aaron Blake wrote that “ Donald Trump’s chances of winning are approaching zero .” These are accurate, statistically sound statements. But they are something else, too. Declarations that Trump is highly unlikely to win also serve as counters to the Republican nominee’s warning that the “rigged” election could be “ stolen from us .” 
The latest polls, which Trump insists are rigged due to oversampling, show Clinton with a double digit lead. 
However, Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager Robby Mook has warned that Trump’s suggestions that the polls are wrong and he can still win are “absolutely right.” 
“We’ve seen polls tighten since the third debate and we expect things to get even closer before Election Day.” Mook said, urging Clinton supporters to vote. 
“Make no mistake. With only 10 percent of votes cast, Donald Trump could win this election,” Mook said.   9:15  ",0
12684,White House Rejects Comey’s Assertion That Wiretapping Claim Is False - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The White House on Monday refused to acknowledge reports that James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director, had asked the Justice Department to refute President Trump’s claim that President Barack Obama wiretapped him during the 2016 presidential campaign, and said Mr. Trump still believes he was spied on. Mr. Comey urged the Justice Department this weekend to push back against Mr. Trump’s claims, but the department has not said anything publicly. The New York Times first reported about Mr. Comey’s  request to the Justice Department on Sunday, and other news media organizations followed suit. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, dismissed the stories on Monday. “I have not seen anything, aside from another report based on anonymous sources, that that actually happened,” Mr. Spicer said. “I’m not aware that that occurred. I don’t think that we’re aware that that occurred. ” Mr. Spicer did not say why Mr. Trump or other administration officials had not reached out directly to the Justice Department or Mr. Comey to find out whether Mr. Trump’s accusations are true. And Mr. Spicer provided little evidence to back up Mr. Trump’s claim about Mr. Obama. At one point, Mr. Spicer pointed to comments by Michael Mukasey, who served as attorney general in the administration of George W. Bush, as evidence of the eavesdropping. Mr. Mukasey said on television Sunday that based on reports he had read in the press, he believed Mr. Trump was probably right about the surveillance. “There’s no question that something happened,” Mr. Spicer said. “The question is: Is it surveillance, or wiretapping or whatever?” Mr. Spicer said that Mr. Trump still had confidence in the F. B. I. director. “There’s nothing that I have been told by him that would leave me to believe that anything is different than it was prior,” Mr. Spicer said. But the president could be headed for a confrontation with Mr. Comey that would pit the administration against the head of the nation’s leading law enforcement agency, which is conducting an inquiry into links between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russia. Mr. Trump, who has already fired his national security adviser and acting attorney general, could dismiss Mr. Comey, but that would probably lead to significant backlash from lawmakers and federal authorities who would see such a move as an attempt to influence the Russia investigation. Mr. Trump started the controversy early Saturday morning with a series of Twitter posts. “Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory,” Mr. Trump said. “Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!” Mr. Trump added: “This is  . Bad (or sick) guy!” The White House has not officially said what led Mr. Trump to make the claims. But administration officials have acknowledged that they were primarily prompted by unverified claims by Breitbart News and conservative talk radio hosts that secret warrants were issued authorizing tapping the phones of Mr. Trump and his aides. Mr. Comey was said to be disturbed by Mr. Trump’s claims about Mr. Obama, which insinuated that the F. B. I. had broken the law and raised the public’s expectations about how much evidence federal authorities might have had on Mr. Trump. For the Justice Department to have obtained a warrant to eavesdrop on him, federal authorities would have had to prove to a judge that there was significant evidence that he was breaking the law or was the agent of a foreign power. Along with asking the House and Senate Intelligence Committees to investigate whether Mr. Obama eavesdropped on Mr. Trump, Mr. Spicer called on the committees to investigate what he called a steady stream of national security leaks since Mr. Trump took office. Mr. Spicer said the White House would not commit to accepting the findings of those investigations. “I don’t think you would ever just blanketly say, ‘I’m going to accept any outcome,’” Mr. Spicer said. Some Republicans said on Monday that spying was a hallmark of Mr. Obama’s administration, claiming that during his time in office the Internal Revenue Service targeted conservative groups. Other Republicans defended the impartiality of the Justice Department and F. B. I. “I don’t think the F. B. I. is the Obama team, and I don’t think the men and women who are career prosecutors at D. O. J. belong to any team other than a blindfolded woman holding a set of scales,” Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina, said in an interview on Fox News. “We have certain tools this country needs to keep us safe  —   and it is great and wise and prudent and legal for those tools to be used lawfully and appropriately,” Mr. Gowdy said, referring to   wiretapping. “If they are not used lawfully and appropriately, there is a paper trail, and we will be able to find it out. ” Mr. Gowdy, who headed the committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on American outposts in Benghazi, Libya, said that with the Obama administration out of office, “any information that the current Department of Justice has that suggests the previous Department of Justice acted inappropriately  —   they are welcome to release it. ” Senator Patrick Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, said he had “never seen anything so outlandish, outrageous or incomprehensible” as Mr. Trump’s claims. “I’ve never seen anything like this  —   ever  —   since I’ve been here,” Mr. Leahy said. “It is completely unprecedented, and it is destructive of our democracy. ”",0
12685,Trump Sidelines Camp David for Mar-a-Lago - The New York Times,"It’s clear that President Trump prefers the   glamour of his    estate in Florida to the woodsy charms of Camp David, the secluded traditional presidential retreat in Maryland. Before winning the presidential election, he told a reporter: Mr. Trump has flown on Air Force One to the club in Palm Beach, Fla. for weekend retreats three times since entering the White House. He is expected to return again this weekend. But he has made zero trips to Camp David, a roughly   ride on Marine One from the White House. At this point in their presidencies, Barack Obama had visited Camp David once, while George W. Bush had traveled there three times. During their two terms in office, Mr. Obama racked up 39 visits over 93 days, and Mr. Bush had 149 visits over 487 days. When it comes to running the country or carving out time for a respite, there are perks and drawbacks to both    and Camp David. Here’s how they stack up. It comes down to the   question: mountains or beach? Camp David had a humbling start. Officially a Navy installation, it was built by the Works Progress Administration and opened in 1938 as Camp   180 acres of public land set aside as a destination for government employees. It was not used by a president until 1942, when Franklin D. Roosevelt wanted to escape the muggy climate of Washington, which had taken a toll on his sinuses. The Secret Service scouted for quick getaways within 100 miles of Washington and settled on the site on Maryland’s Catoctin Mountain. The conversion cost back then: $18, 650, according to the National Park Service. The weather is about 10 degrees cooler there than in Washington. The property has cabins, trails, a swimming pool and many, many trees. The president sleeps in the Aspen Lodge. Roosevelt took one look at the site and named it  . President Harry S. Truman made the camp the official presidential retreat in 1945. But it was President Dwight D. Eisenhower who “made it a household name,” according to the Eisenhower Presidential Library. Eisenhower renamed it in 1953 in honor of his    grandson Dwight David Eisenhower II. Successive presidents have used the retreat to write, meet with top advisers, conduct global diplomacy and forge a historic peace accord. In 1974, The New York Times wrote that the property’s seclusion was its main attraction: It “has provided eight American presidents and their families with perhaps the nearest thing to true privacy that they can know during their terms in public life and in the public eye. ”    on the other hand, is a     Mediterranean estate on 20 acres between the Intracoastal Waterway and the Atlantic Ocean. The property, costing $8 million, opened in 1927 as the palatial winter residence of Marjorie Merriweather Post, the heiress to General Foods. On Ms. Post’s death, in 1973,    was willed to the federal government and presented as a possible presidential retreat. President Richard M. Nixon  visited the Palm Beach estate to scout it out, but the property was returned to the Post Foundation because of concerns it was too costly to maintain ($1 million a year) and too difficult to secure (it was in the flight path to Palm Beach International Airport). The foundation sold the property to Mr. Trump in 1986, who turned it into a private club in 1995. The property includes a tunnel for guests to travel to the beach (and underneath Ocean Boulevard) and a private      pool. * Winner for historical significance: Camp David. We’ll cut to the chase: You are not going to visit Camp David. If you search online for how to get to the site, you’ll most likely stumble upon a site that says cabins can be booked for $1, 200 for a weekend. Ignore it. It’s a parody site. The retreat is closed to the public. You may not be able to get within shouting distance of the president at Camp David. But by joining    for a $200, 000 membership fee, you can get fairly close to President Trump. You may even be able to watch while White House officials, sitting feet from you, work by the light of their cellphones to respond to an international crisis. And you can take pictures. Clubgoers have witnessed Mr. Trump dining at the club, meeting with the leader of Japan and, most astonishingly, huddling in plain sight with his aides as they grappled with how the United States should respond to a missile test by North Korea. If you cannot afford the hefty membership fee, you may know a   friend who is getting married at    and snare an invitation to the celebration. * Winner for accessibility:   . Camp David has a seemingly endless number of options to escape the whirlwind pace of the White House or the noise of protesters in Washington. Mr. Obama, for instance, shot skeet and water guns, and played pool and basketball. Mr. Bush had bike trails installed so that he could ride in private. Presidents Gerald R. Ford and George H. W. Bush played  tennis.    is not short on amenities: It offers a spa and a salon and popular sports of yesteryear like bridge (classes are offered by “a certified master instructor”) and croquet. The croquet court is described on the club’s website in Trumpian terms: “Boasting one of the most beautiful lawns in the country, the    Club venue will not only challenge both mind and body, but will also add a sense of serenity so seldom found in competitive sports. ” But the club also affords proximity to places where you can play that most freighted of geopolitical games: golf. Trump National golf courses are nearby in Jupiter and West Palm Beach. * Winner for perks:    edges out Camp David because even if croquet isn’t our speed, the wonders of the Sunshine State are still available. Even before Mr. Trump called    the “Southern White House,” the exclusive   club was not easily accessible to the public. It has high walls, which date to when Ms. Post owned the property, and a security gate. Now, when the president visits, roads are blocked off, the Coast Guard patrols the shoreline, a   zone is enacted, and the Secret Service is deployed.    neighbors are fretting about the logistics headaches and potential loss of revenue whenever the president visits. The security at Camp David is fairly straightforward: It is surrounded by   fencing. More important, the site is also known as Naval Support Facility Thurmont, which sums up its level of protection. Members of the Navy and the Marines are permanently stationed there. * Winner for seclusion and security: Camp David. Presidents have hosted royalty and many foreign leaders at Camp David, as well as top advisers and cabinet members. Visitors stay in one of the many cabins on the property. Roosevelt and Winston Churchill met there during World War II. In 1959, at the height of the Cold War, Eisenhower hosted Nikita Khrushchev of the Soviet Union. In September 1978, through the intervention of President Jimmy Carter, the retreat was the site of a historic peace agreement (the Camp David Accords) between President Anwar Sadat of Egypt and Prime Minister Menachem Begin of Israel. Mr. Obama hosted a meeting of the Group of 8 leaders at the retreat in 2012. President Bill Clinton held intense meetings there in 2000 with Prime Minister Ehud Barak of Israel and the Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat to try to broker a peace deal. The gathering offered a case study in using body language as a power play: An infamous tussle ensued as the opponents grabbed and stepped around each other and tried not to be the first man to go through a door at Camp David, as if that leader would appear to cede some power.    was created to entertain, and spares no expense. It was built with stone from Italy, 36, 000 antique tiles from Spain and roofing tile from Cuba. The first references to the villa in The Times, in 1927, were about lavish parties and ballets held there. Ms. Post had a feeling that her Palm Beach villa could be used for presidents and foreign leaders. In 1972, after the villa was willed to the government and offered as a “winter White House,” an adviser suggested that foreign leaders could stay at the estate on their first stop in the United States, rest a few days and then continue on to Washington to meet with American leaders. When Nixon took a helicopter trip to make an unannounced visit to    in July 1974 to “determine its potential,” he wandered the property for exactly 31 minutes. Alas, Ms. Post’s hope of having her estate turned into a presidential retreat did not bear fruit then  —   at least, until the arrival of Mr. Trump.  *Winner over all:    for at least the next four years, though Mr. Trump may visit Camp David yet.",0
12686,‘Hamilton’ Duel: Addressing the President-Elect on His Own Blunt Terms - The New York Times,"“The theater must always be a safe and special place. ” When I read that Donald J. Trump had tweeted those words on Saturday morning, my gut response was to wish that the great American playwright Edward Albee had been alive to respond to our  . Not that Mr. Albee, who died in September, would have objected to the “special” part, or not on grounds other than semantic, “special” being a word of such promiscuous overuse these days. But it was Mr. Albee’s credo that theater  —   or theater as an enduring art, as opposed to an evening’s entertainment  —   should be anything but safe. I loved him for insisting on that belief, and for consistently acting on it in everything he wrote for the stage. Theater, as the ancient and exalted public forum that Mr. Albee wanted it to be forever, exists to challenge complacency, to make us uncomfortable with our assumptions. It is a place where conversations of momentous moral, philosophical and political significance can and should be initiated. Such exchanges have been started by dramatists as different as Sophocles, Shakespeare, Arthur Miller, Vaclav Havel, David Hare, Tony Kushner and, yes, Mr. Albee. And even when the plays were written decades, if not centuries, ago, the dialogues they began have in many cases never ceased to reverberate. Of course it was a more literal kind of dialogue, one that broke the commonly   wall between actors and audience, that antagonized Mr. Trump into a series of admonitory tweets. On Friday night, his vice   Mike Pence, attended a performance of the Broadway hit “Hamilton,” a historical (and historic) musical that, among other things, makes the case for the United States as a nation founded and shaped by immigrants. After the final curtain calls that night, Brandon Victor Dixon, the actor who portrays Aaron Burr, stepped forward with a microphone to directly address Mr. Pence, who was leaving the theater. “We, sir  —   we  —   are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us,” he said. He added that he hoped “this show has inspired you to uphold our American values and to work on behalf of all of us. All of us. ” Mr. Trump quickly made it clear on Twitter, his social medium of choice, that Mr. Dixon and the “Hamilton” team had been “rude and insulting” and owed Mr. Pence an apology. At first, a part of me could see Mr. Trump’s point, or at least feel a shudder of embarrassed empathy for Mr. Pence. If someone were to single me out for a direct plea from the stage in a large theater, I would no doubt want to run home, dive into bed and bury myself under the covers. (Mr. Pence, speaking on “Fox News Sunday,” said he was not offended by Mr. Dixon’s words.) Thinking more rationally, I believe it can also be argued that a great work of art  —   a distinction for which “Hamilton” easily qualifies  —   should be sufficient unto itself. Though   Miranda’s Tony   show has been embraced as Broadway’s favorite   musical of the moment, this portrait of a revolution is in itself revolutionary, with the provocation and defiance that such a characterization suggests. “Hamilton” makes a sustained and vibrant case for the virtues of an American melting pot. This is as true of its form (which melds rap and   into the classic book musical) and its casting (which uses black and Latino men and women to portray the white founders of the United States) as of its content. (Don’t forget, this is a show in which the title character, Alexander Hamilton, and the Marquis de Lafayette exult on the battlefield: “Immigrants, we get the job done. ”) The very presence of Mr. Pence  —   whose views on immigration, like those of Mr. Trump, are anything but celebratory  —   at this particular show (one previously embraced by the Obamas and Clintons) would seem to signal that an unspoken debate was going on that night. In that case, wasn’t Mr. Dixon belaboring the obvious in delivering the statement prepared by him and his associates (including Mr. Miranda)? Was what he said a condescending equivalent of supertitles for the inferentially challenged? Any inclinations I might have had to think that way evaporated in the face of the succeeding barrage of Mr. Trump’s tweets (which were still continuing on Sunday morning). They underscored for me just how much we are living in a world that demands overstatement, in which italicized capital letters are required to highlight sentiments that might otherwise go ignored. Woe unto those who believe that the meanings between the lines will be widely read. Much of the success of Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign had to do with his awareness of that reality of contemporary communication. In delivering his plea to Mr. Pence, Mr. Dixon wasn’t just emphasizing that a play is more than a   work of art, that it’s a cry of thought and feeling pitched to an audience, a city, a nation, a world. He was also addressing Mr. Trump (through Mr. Pence) on his own blunt terms, albeit in a more eloquent (and, yes, polite) style. He was meeting directness with directness, carefully spelling out what his show had to say. If the recent past is anything to go by, it is fair to assume that Mr. Trump will encounter more direct salvos from theater artists once he assumes the presidency. Lyndon B. Johnson, Richard M. Nixon, George W. Bush (Remember Will Ferrell in “You’re Welcome America”?) and Barack Obama have all been the subjects of theater satires while in office. Those portraying Johnson and Nixon  —   created in a time when the nation was as contentiously divided as it is now, the 1960s and early ’70s  —   were especially savage in their attacks. So will the political theater of the future prove a match for all the president’s thumbs? In any case, disagreement and dissent should energize art, not paralyze it, and provoke responses to match. I look forward (though perhaps with a wince) to whatever Mr. Trump has to say about whatever is said about him on this country’s stages. The main thing is that the conversation  —   all sides of it  —   be allowed to continue.",0
12687,Comment on Happy Halloween: I just received the worst trick ever… by thelonelyauthorblog,"My health insurance company sent my notice for my 2017 health care plan. Guess how much my premium is going up? 
EIGHTY PERCENT. Yep. A big fat 80%. Fortunately, my deductible remains at $14,300 (obvious sarc) . 
Starting next year, my monthly plan will cost MORE than 50% of my take-home pay. 
And I’m not the only one facing this type of an increase. 
Remember this at the polls on November 8 th . 
DCG",0
12688,Trump Foundation May Have Used Money to Benefit One of Its Own - The New York Times,"  Donald J. Trump’s foundation has acknowledged that it may have run afoul of   rules that guard against using money meant for charity to benefit principals of the organization, according to its 2015 tax filing. On the filing, the  ’s charity, the Donald J. Trump Foundation, checked “yes” to answer a question about whether its resources had been directed or used to benefit a “disqualified person”  —   meaning one of the organization’s central people. The tax filing offers new details about Mr. Trump’s charitable giving, which became the subject of intense scrutiny during his presidential campaign after news reports raised questions about whether he had followed through on pledges he made to donate money and his lack of financial support for the foundation. The Washington Post, which first reported the   admission on the 2015 form, earlier reported that Mr. Trump had used $258, 000 from the charity to settle legal disputes involving his businesses, possibly violating   provisions. A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump did not answer messages seeking comment on the filing. Mr. Trump and his advisers have defended his charitable practices in the past, noting that Mr. Trump has made significant donations personally and through the foundation. Lawyers for the foundation uploaded the tax filing on Friday to Guidestar, a national database of nonprofits, and it was then made publicly available, according to representatives from Guidestar. It is unclear whether the Internal Revenue Service has received the filings. The 2015 form showed that Mr. Trump donated a total of $616, 000 that year to his nonprofit foundation, his first contribution to it since 2008 and his largest donation in a decade. The payments were made through two Trump businesses: the Trump Corporation ($566, 000) and Trump Productions LLC ($50, 000). The next largest contribution that year was $150, 000 from a foundation connected to Victor Pinchuk, a Ukrainian steel magnate. Mr. Pinchuk has been a major donor to the Clinton Foundation, a relationship that drew scrutiny during the presidential campaign as an example of Hillary Clinton’s complex ties to foreign business interests. Douglas E. Schoen, a senior adviser to the board of Mr. Pinchuk’s foundation, said in an email that the payment to Mr. Trump’s charity was “in support of appearance he did by video link at a conference Mr. Pinchuk’s foundation organizes every year in September in Kiev, Ukraine. ” Mr. Schoen said that Mr. Pinchuk and Mr. Trump had met many years ago in New York, prompting the invitation for Mr. Trump to speak at the September 2015 conference. He said the two did not have any business relationship. During the speech, Mr. Trump praised Mr. Pinchuk and Ukrainians, saying, “You have had to endure a tremendous amount, and I just think it is all going to work out well in the future for the Ukraine. ” Mr. Trump’s charity reported paying out $896, 000 in grants for 2015, some of which was disclosed during the campaign. The donations included support for health causes like cancer research and the American Red Cross, as well as $50, 000 for the private school attended by Mr. Trump’s youngest son, Barron. In late September, Eric T. Schneiderman, New York’s attorney general, ordered the charity to cease   in the state after his office found that the foundation was not properly registered to solicit donations. Mr. Schneiderman’s office is currently investigating Mr. Trump’s foundation to determine whether it is in compliance with state laws.",0
12689,"Even Doctors Are Surprised: Mix Cinnamon And Honey To Cure Arthritis, Cancer, Gallbladder, Cholesterol And 10 Other Diseases","Share on Facebook The traditional Chinese medicine has used the combination of honey and cinnamon for thousands of years, and this mixture has a long tradition of use as a homemade medicine. Honey is one of the healthiest foods on the planet, while cinnamon is one of the oldest spices known to people. The cinnamon essential oil and the enzyme found in honey which produces hydrogen peroxide, are the two most powerful anti-microbial components of this combination that prevent the growth of fungi and bacteria. This potent mixture offers numerous health benefits, and is extremely helpful in the following cases: Cold To treat a chronic cough, common cold, and nasal congestion, you should take a tablespoon of honey with ¼ teaspoon cinnamon for three days. Flu Honey contains a natural ingredient which effectively destroys viruses and prevents influenza. Cholesterol In a cup of tea, add 2 tablespoons of honey and 3 teaspoons of cinnamon, and drink the mixture. It will reduce the cholesterol levels by 10% within two hours. Arthritis To cure chronic arthritis, drink the following mixture twice daily, in the morning and in the evening: add two tablespoons of honey and a teaspoon of cinnamon powder in a glass of warm water. Boost the immune system The regular consumption of this mixture will boost the immune system and prevents viruses and bacteria. Stomach ache You should regularly consume the mixture of cinnamon and honey to alleviate stomach ache and treat ulcer issues. Acne Mix cinnamon with some honey to prepare a paste and apply it on the acne at bedtime. You should wash it off the next morning. Gallbladder infection Add two tablespoons of cinnamon powder and one teaspoon of honey to a glass of warm water, and consume it daily to kill microbes in the gallbladder. Cancer Scientists have recently found that this combination can treat stomach cancer. Therefore, in this case, one should consume a mixture of a tablespoon of cinnamon and a tablespoon of honey daily for 3 months. Heart disease Prepare a paste of cinnamon and honey and spread it on a slice of bread every morning. This will lower cholesterol levels and prevent a heart attack. Hair loss In the case of hair loss or baldness, mix a tablespoon of cinnamon, a tablespoon of olive oil, and a tablespoon of honey. Apply this mixture on the scalp and leave it to act for 15 minutes, and rinse. Weight loss You should boil some cinnamon powder and honey in a glass of water and consume it on an empty stomach 30 minutes before your breakfast. This will help you lose weight in an easy and fast way. How to prepare it: You should put some honey in a pot and heat it. Add cinnamon and wait until you get a thick, caramel-like mixture. You should take a teaspoon of this mixture 30 minutes before meals. Related:",0
12690,Trump Warns Of ‘Vote Flipping’ On Machines,"Trump Warns Of ‘Vote Flipping’ On Machines ""People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?"" Steve Watson | Infowars.com - October 27, 2016 Comments 
GOP Nominee Donald Trump, who has for weeks warned that the election could be rigged against him, shot out a tweet Thursday indicating that he is aware of reports of machines ‘flipping’ to register votes for Hillary Clinton, when voters choose Trump. 
“A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas,” Trump tweeted. 
“People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?” A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on? 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 27, 2016 
As Infowars has highlighted , there have already been numerous reports of early voters in Texas seeing their ballots flipped from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. 
While election officials have dismissed the reports, suggesting ‘user error’ is to blame, tech experts have long warned that the machines can become less accurate over time. 
Larry Norden, a voting technology expert, told NPR that the reports usually arise where outdated technology is being employed. 
“Over time, as people vote, that calibration becomes less and less accurate,” Norden noted. 
During elections over the past decade and more there have been reports of voting machines ‘flipping’. Indeed, the reports were so widespread that even entertainment shows such as The Simpsons drew attention to it: 
Meanwhile, The Washington Post has admitted that the press is engaging in voter suppression, bizarrely claiming it is a legitimate way of countering Trump’s ‘rigged’ election claims. 
Callum Borchers, author at the Washington Post blog The Fix writes: Since the final presidential debate last week, many news outlets have been delivering an unvarnished message to Donald Trump supporters: Your candidate is virtually certain to lose the election Nov. 8. A day later, the Times’s Upshot blog increased Clinton’s chances of winning to 93 percent , an all-time high. On Monday, Politico’s Ben Schreckinger wrote that “ Donald Trump’s path to an election night win is almost entirely closed .” Here at The Fix, Chris Cillizza and Aaron Blake wrote that “ Donald Trump’s chances of winning are approaching zero .” These are accurate, statistically sound statements. But they are something else, too. Declarations that Trump is highly unlikely to win also serve as counters to the Republican nominee’s warning that the “rigged” election could be “ stolen from us .” 
The latest polls, which Trump insists are rigged due to oversampling, show Clinton with a double digit lead. 
However, Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager Robby Mook has warned that Trump’s suggestions that the polls are wrong and he can still win are “absolutely right.” 
“We’ve seen polls tighten since the third debate and we expect things to get even closer before Election Day.” Mook said, urging Clinton supporters to vote. 
“Make no mistake. With only 10 percent of votes cast, Donald Trump could win this election,” Mook said. NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars Crew. Related Articles",0
12691,"In Turkey’s Unrest, Some See an Extreme Version of Post-9/11 America - The New York Times","ISTANBUL  —   An Islamic State disciple kills 39 New Year’s revelers at an Istanbul nightclub. A gunman with a police badge assassinates Russia’s ambassador at an Ankara reception. Kurdish separatist bombers kill 14 soldiers on a bus in central Turkey and dozens of police officers at an Istanbul soccer match. Those assaults were just in the last few weeks, which made a car bombing on Thursday in the city of Izmir, where at least two civilians were killed, seem relatively minor. The 75 million people of Turkey, the NATO member and European Union aspirant that straddles Europe and Asia and was once seen as a stable democracy, are facing a ferocious onslaught of terrorist attacks unlike anything that has been seen in the West. Add to that the tumult from roughly three million Syrian war refugees, a resurgent Kurdish insurgency and a failed military coup  —   all tied, in the eyes of many Turks, to American negligence, or malice, or both. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has responded with a furious crackdown on an array of perceived enemies, including the news media, and has lashed out at what he regards as Western complicity. While Mr. Erdogan’s critics have denounced what they see as a bald usurpation of power that has subverted democracy and polarized the country, many Turks, frightened and uncertain, are not complaining. They view his authoritarianism as reassuring and angrily reject outsider comments about paranoia and conspiracy theories. Some are even embracing the advent of   Donald J. Trump, despite his   statements, viewing him as a decisive strongman sympathetic to Mr. Erdogan, an Islamist with little tolerance for those who dispute him. In some ways, political historians and scholars say, what is happening in Turkey parallels the aftermath of the 2001 terrorist attacks in the United States, the 2015 attacks in France and, most recently, the response to attacks in Germany. In all of them, many citizens were willing to overlook or forsake civil liberties, government powers grew, fringe groups strengthened and spread intolerance, and dissent was regarded with suspicion. “I think there are a lot of similar tendencies, and it leads to, in an extreme case, what we’re seeing in Turkey,” said Steven A. Cook, a senior fellow for Middle East and African Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington. Still, Mr. Cook said, “It’s not that far a leap to go to an extreme  —   can you imagine if the attacks in Turkey had happened in the United States?” On Friday, Hilal Kaplan, a columnist for Daily Sabah, a newspaper close to the government, lashed out at Western news coverage, including an article in The New York Times, that has emphasized conspiracy theories coursing through Turkish society that the United States is behind terrorism in Turkey. Describing the article as “an attempt to condescend and affront rather than reflecting an effort to understand Turkey,” Ms. Kaplan said that Turks have good reason to be suspicious of the United States. She pointed out that Fethullah Gulen, the cleric and former Erdogan ally who many Turks believe was behind the coup attempt, lives in Pennsylvania, and that a former C. I. A. official had once vouched for Mr. Gulen on his green card application. In addition, she called attention to something else: The United States has provided military support to a Syrian Kurdish militia fighting Islamic State extremists, a militia that Turkey considers an ally of the P. K. K. the outlawed Kurdish separatist organization regarded as a terrorist enemy. In her Friday column, headlined “Why Turkey is looking forward to Trump administration,” she added, “do they really need such details if their only wish is to represent the Turkish people as paranoid and Erdogan as a villain?” In another parallel to    America, the Turkish government has aggressively exploited tragic events to stoke patriotic feelings and to frame the broader struggle within the country as a fight to secure democracy, even if democratic practices are eroded to do so. The comparison was not lost on Turkish scholars, even those critical of Mr. Erdogan, who were in the United States when the World Trade Center and the Pentagon were attacked. “I couldn’t believe the extent to which there was a rise in nationalism, even among academics,” said Kemal Kirisci, a senior fellow and director of The Turkey Project at the Brookings Institution, recalling his own memories of living in America. “I felt intimidated intellectually, almost felt censured. ” After the coup attempt, the government moved quickly to memorialize victims and places rived by violence, renaming a bridge in Istanbul and a square in Ankara, and changing street names to honor citizens who died defending Mr. Erdogan’s government. At year’s end, the prime minister’s office delivered packages to foreign correspondents in Turkey. Inside a black velvet box, with a silver clasp, was a small marble chunk, described as rubble from the Parliament building in Ankara, retrieved after an attack was carried out during the coup attempt. A note said that the rock “is presented to you as a symbol of Turkey’s devotion to democracy. ” And like American leaders who exhort citizens to maintain daily routines after terrorist attacks, the Turkish prime minister, Binali Yildirim, urged Turks this week to carry on. “Our citizens should not change the flow of their normal lives,” Mr. Yildirim said in a speech. “If they do, it will be serving the purposes of the terror group. ” Mr. Erdogan and his allies see a double standard in the West’s reaction to Turkey, and say that some of the same measures Turkey is taking to combat terrorism, like resorting to emergency rule, have been embraced in the West, particularly in France. It is this disconnect  —   between how Turkey perceives its own experience and the West’s reaction to events in Turkey  —   that has contributed to Turkey pulling away from its NATO allies, and moving closer to Russia. “In France there is emergency rule for three months, and again for three months, and lately for six months, in total for a year,” Mr. Erdogan said in September. “Is anyone from around the world asking France, ‘why did you declare emergency rule for a year? ’” Mr. Erdogan emphasized that the violence Turkey has faced is far greater than in countries like France. “My brothers, Turkey was the scene of terror incidents so heavy that they cannot be compared with France, and more importantly we faced a coup attempt,” he said. “From this perspective I believe my country will understand the extension of emergency rule, and support it. ” In a speech on Friday, Mr. Erdogan underscored the deep traumas Turkey has suffered in recent years. “I do not believe any other country exists that went on its way standing upright after living with what we have gone through since 2013,” Mr. Erdogan said. “We became a unique example in history. We showed democracy can be protected together with security challenges. ” Mr. Erdogan’s supporters say they are especially upset over how the West has reacted to Turkey’s response to terrorism, saying they had expected solidarity, not criticism. “This is an obvious, very serious and problematic disrespect against Turkey’s right to defend itself against terror,” said Mustafa Yeneroglu, a member of Parliament with Mr. Erdogan’s Islamist Justice and Development Party. Mr. Yeneroglu, the head of Parliament’s human rights committee, said Turkey faced the same conundrum any country faces when traumatized by terrorist acts. “If there is no security, there would be no room to enjoy the liberties,” he said. “This situation leads to prioritizing security while answering questions, ‘security or liberty?’ This is not only valid for Turkey but for all other liberal democracies. ” Turkish liberals say they understand the need for extraordinary measures, but they make two counter arguments. One is that Turkey’s broad crackdown  —   in putting so many journalists and intellectuals in jail  —   has gone too far, and is seemingly unrelated to fighting terrorism. Another is that, even with emergency rule, the country has become less safe. “On the contrary, we have faced more attacks, more terror,” said Yaman Akdeniz, a lawyer and professor at Bilgi University in Istanbul who represents many jailed journalists. He continued, “there is emergency rule in France, but there is no other country limiting fundamental rights and freedoms on this scale. ” Orhan Kemal Cengiz, a prominent human rights lawyer who was briefly detained after the attempted coup, put it this way: “Yes, ISIS is attacking. The P. K. K. is attacking. There was this coup d’état attempt. But what is this to do with all these journalists? There are over 150 journalists in jail. And with every passing day, they arrest more and more people. ” Marc Pierini, a visiting scholar at Carnegie Europe in Brussels who was a former European Union ambassador to Turkey, said the   purges in the military, the courts and the police have, paradoxically, compromised the country’s ability to protect the public. Mr. Pierini also took issue with the government’s contention that its response to threats has been appropriate. “As we’ve seen after the coup, the reaction is way outside of the formal rule of law. You started arresting police and gendarmes, now writers, actors, journalists  —   so there is no limit,” he said. “When you start pulling the thread on the rule of law, the whole sweater can come off. And that’s where we stand. ”",0
12692,"Sometimes, Spending Brings a Bigger Return Than Saving - The New York Times","Life experiences give you an incalculable return on investment. Every. Single. Time. So why is it so hard for us to spend money on them? The reason for me is often that experiences tend to feel like an extravagant expenditure of money, time and energy. Let me give you an example. My wife and I had a chance to leave our kids at home for a few days and go on a sea kayaking trip. The trip we planned was in an unbelievably beautiful part of the world. It would be the first time in over six months that we could do something without the kids. Sounds amazing, right? But then I started adding numbers. It would be $250 for the kayak rental, then a few hundred for food. And the little inn where we wanted to stay was expensive. Before long, our invaluable trip had a tangible value, in the neighborhood of $1, 000. For three days? No way! I spent a few days thinking (O. K. worrying) about this expense. Was it responsible? Did we have the money? If we invested that $1, 000 for 20 years and earned 7. 5 percent, it would grow to more than $4, 200. Eventually, we chose to go. And, predictably enough, it took all of seven minutes on the water on the first day before I thought: “$1, 000? For this? What an incredible value!” Each time I try to do this kind of math, I always run into the same problem. Experiences are incalculable. Invaluable. Priceless. So no matter how hard I try, I just can’t get them to fit into my calculator. So good luck with your equation. If you don’t have the money or aren’t certain you can pay any debt back quickly if you borrow a bit to do the thing, the decision may get easier. The solution to the equation is probably this: No. If so, I feel for you, as I’ve been there myself and stayed there intermittently for years. But once we got out there in the kayak on that   water, all I could think about was how happy my wife and I were as we were enjoying that experience together. So, ask me now, was it worth it? Let me just save you a lot of time and energy, and give you the answer to that messy equation: Spend the money! Do you have something you want to do with someone you love, and the money to pay for it, and the only reason you’re not doing it is that you have this nagging feeling that you should be saving the money for some vague goal beyond the basic ones you have already articulated for yourself? Spend the money! Then, do it again. And again. And the next time? Spend the money! Did I mention spend the money? If it feels as if I’m trying to drill this message into your brain, it’s because I am. After all, what else is the money there for? O. K. for when you get sick, for when you get old, for when your kids need some financial help. I know. For a million good reasons. But you already have every “real” financial adviser and financial pornography network under the sun telling you to save. Just think of that as one side of the coin: Save for tomorrow. I’m here to tell you not to forget about the other side: Spend for tomorrow. Because it’s not just money you’re going to need in the distant future. You’re also going to need a lifetime of priceless memories and invaluable experiences to remind you what a great life you’ve lived. I can promise you this: If you find yourself looking back one day, only to realize you have no such memories, you’ll be doing a very different calculation.",0
12693,"Distracted by Election 2016, No-one Resisted the Deep State’s Patriot Act 2","Posted on October 31, 2016 by Nathaniel Mauka 
Congress overwhelmingly voted for the Patriot Act nearly 16 years ago, and our civil liberties have never been the same since. As if this singular bill, passed by George W. Bush, wasn’t invasive enough, allowing big banks to demand our internet data, and more — the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act ( CISA ) makes cyber-spying by the shadow government and the financial entities controlling it, a forgone conclusion. 
As with most shadow government legislation, the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act is packed with hidden surveillance allowances. CISA was quietly passed to allow government to demand that private companies hand over personal information to them at will. It also allows companies to mine data, under the auspices of government-created urgency. 
The mere fact that this act passed in late 2015 is monumental, since it has been before Congress in different forms for over a decade . The election seems to have offered the perfect cover, as Americans and activists were too busy arguing over Trump vs. Hillary. 
Scott Talbott, senior vice president of government relations at the Electronic Transactions Association believes the value of sharing our personal data as a means to be alerted of ‘cyber threats’ outweighs any hazard to our civil liberties. Talbott states , 
“The value is that everyone can be alerted to cyber threats and take precautionary countermeasures before they materialize and spread,” he said. “Before CISA, corrective measures could be taken only after the cyber threat had done its damage. CISA allows each company to serve as an early warning system to the entire economy.” 
Who exactly would be determining if someone is a ‘threat’ is the meat of the sandwich, though. CISA is ripe for abuse, just as the Patriot Act has been. 
The Patriot Act has made it legal for law enforcement to spy on people, without probable cause – to enter their homes, or even to strip search them before they’ve been to court, had the opportunity to argue a case, or given ‘authorities’ a motive for this type of interrogation. 
The stated purpose of the Patriot Act was to deter terrorist acts in the United States, but what do you do when the terrorists have already taken over your country? CISA simply expands the reach of a shadow government which has already been proven to reach beyond the boundaries of constitutional law. 
More importantly, who specifically is CISA targeting? After multiple hack­ers have in­filt­rated com­puter sys­tems at the White House , the State De­part­ment , the Pentagon , and the Of­fice of Per­son­nel Man­age­ment, along with the Democratic National Committee , and numerous multinational banks run by the cabal, is the shadow government simply trying to create a stop-gap before their most elusive, yet damning information is made public? 
CISA certainly will expand the reach of government surveillance on citizens as it has been conducted by the the National Security Agency (NSA) before former NSA contractor Edward Snowden exposed it. 
“I think this bill was meant to be a surveillance bill from the start,” said Justin Harvey, CSO of Fidelis Cybersecurity, adding that he is dubious that the stated intent of the bill – to use collective intelligence to warn of potential cyber attacks and possibly stop them before they occur – will result. 
Under the guise of ‘sharing cyber threats’ CISA allows companies to wholesale-collect information that may not even be a threat – and then pass it along for government bodies to determine if it is, indeed a threat. If this sounds like circular logic – it is just the beginning of the odd verbiage within the bill. It’s justifications for entering every possible orifice for data-gathering are more confounded than an octopus in a straight jacket. 
The government can already enter your personal property including your home, your body , your cell, and your computer , but now they will have a legal in-roads to declare you a cyber-threat, simply for sending an email . This begs the question – who is the real cyber-bully? CISA seems to be nothing more than a prevarication, covering the acts of an elite few who don’t want their secrets exposed. 

Nathaniel Mauka is a researcher of the dark side of government and exopolitics, and a staff writer for Waking Times . This article ( Distracted by Election 2016, No-one Resisted the Deep State’s Patriot Act 2 ) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Nathaniel Mauka and WakingTimes.com . It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution and author bio. Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
12694,A Barbaric Race Of Underground-Dwelling Giants Once Inhabited The Mount Shasta Region...,"A Barbaric Race Of Underground-Dwelling Giants Once Inhabited The Mount Shasta Region... # www.mountshastasmysteries.com 10 
Author Dustin Naef takes viewers into the Sacramento River canyon south of Mount Shasta to examine Native American legends about prehistoric giants, who were said to inhabit underground tunnels and caves hidden in the wilderness. 
This is the second installment of a three part video series titled ""Mount Shasta's Legends"". 
Native American lore suggests that an ancient race of prehistoric giants inhabited the mountains of northern California, but most of them perished in a Great Flood. In 1934, a treasure-hunter claimed to have found evidence suggesting that some these giants lived in tunnels underground around the Mount Shasta area, but before he could reveal the location he mysteriously vanished. Tags",0
12695,Teenager Seeks to Honor Veterans of War by Preserving Their Stories - The New York Times,"As nations honored their war veterans on Friday  —   Armistice Day and Veterans Day  —  a    in California is trying to preserve as many voices of World War II veterans in the United States as he can. Many of the veterans are in their twilight years, with ages in the late 80s and the 90s. The teenager, Rishi Sharma, has started a nonprofit organization, Heroes of the Second World War, to record video interviews with them for posterity. Of the 16 million Americans who served in World War II, about 620, 000 are still alive, and 372 die each day, according to the National World War II Museum. The teenager, who graduated last year from Agoura High School outside Los Angeles, wrote on a crowdfunding page that there is “no commercial aspect” to the project. He said he’s putting off many of the typical priorities of    like going to college, finding a job or dating, so that he can focus on the project. “These men are my biggest heroes and my closest friends,” Mr. Sharma wrote. “I am just trying to get a better understanding of what they had to go through in order for me and so many others to be here today and to get a better appreciation for how good I have it. ” Mr. Sharma received an influx of donations on Friday as the United States commemorated Veterans Day. Across the country, Americans  —   including President Obama, who laid a wreath in Arlington Cemetery in Washington  —   led tributes to past and present military members. Several countries also honored their veterans on Armistice Day, commemorating the end of World War I, with two minutes of silence on the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month.",0
12696,Mother Teresa Is Made a Saint by Pope Francis - The New York Times,"VATICAN CITY  —   She was known throughout the world as Mother Teresa, considered a saint by many for her charitable work among the poorest of the world’s poor. On Sunday morning, Pope Francis officially bestowed that title at her canonization ceremony in St. Peter’s Square. “I think, perhaps, we may have some difficulty in calling her St. Teresa: Her holiness is so near to us, so tender and so fruitful, that we continue to spontaneously call her Mother Teresa,” the pope said in    remarks during his homily. It was a festive atmosphere at the Vatican, under a broiling summer sun, and several flags fluttered in the light breeze: from Albania, representing the Roman Catholic nun’s ethnic origins from Macedonia, to note her birthplace, Skopje from India, where she spent most of her life, working in the slums of Kolkata and from the many other countries where her humility and selflessness touched countless lives. When Francis proclaimed her St. Teresa at the end of the formal ceremony, in Latin, the crowd erupted in sustained applause. “We are proud of her, all of India is proud,” said Marina Borneo Sam, who traveled from Kolkata with her mother to be at the ceremony. “She may no longer be there, but we still feel her spirit around us. ” For some, Mother Teresa’s saintliness was so evident from the start that her canonization was just a formality. “For me, nothing has changed,” said Giovanna Tommasi, a lay member of the Missionaries of Charity, the religious order founded by Mother Teresa in 1950. “When you were fortunate enough to know her, as I did, then today’s celebration doesn’t change much. ” The canonization was a highlight of the Jubilee year, which the pope had proclaimed to celebrate the theme of mercy, and on Sunday he called Mother Teresa a “tireless worker of mercy. ” His homily was primarily addressed to volunteer workers celebrating the Jubilee. “Today, I pass on this emblematic figure of womanhood and of consecrated life to the whole world of volunteers: May she be your model of holiness,” Francis said. He also praised her “defense of human life, those unborn and those abandoned and discarded,” emphasizing her relentless petitioning against abortion. Mother Teresa earned fame and accolades over a lifetime spent working with the poor and the sick, and with orphans, lepers and AIDS patients. She made the cover of Time magazine in December 1975 for an article that acknowledged her as one of the world’s “living saints. ” When told that she had won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1979, she said, “I am unworthy. ” A portrait of Mother Teresa, described by Pope John Paul II as an “icon of the good Samaritan,” was displayed on the facade of St. Peter’s Basilica and showing her in her distinctive   white sari. The portrait was commissioned by the Knights of Columbus and painted by Chas Fagan, an American artist. Because of her celebrity, she stepped where many religious figures do not. “She made her voice heard before the powers of this world, so that they might recognize their guilt for the crime of poverty they created,” the pope said on Sunday. Mother Teresa’s supporters praise her selflessness and humility, noting that though she associated with royalty, government leaders and popes, she continued to live simply until her death, at age 87, in 1997. “She was one with us,” Sister Mary Prema Pierick, the superior general of the Missionaries of Charity, said at a Vatican news conference on Friday. “She never wanted or accepted anything not common with all the sisters. ” The order that Mother Teresa started with 12 nuns now numbers more than 5, 800 people in 139 countries, including two orders of brothers and one of priests. The congregation continues her work of ministering to the world’s least privileged, those she called “the poorest of the poor. ” Mother Teresa was “both mother and teacher,” Sister Prema said. “She lived the religious life with so much joy and enthusiasm that we all wanted to be close with her. ” Her gift, she added, was “to make everybody aware of their own responsibility,” and inspire people with the knowledge that “each one of us can make a difference. ” Mother Teresa was canonized 19 years after her death, remarkably fast for modern times. John Paul II, who is now also a saint, went against protocol when he allowed the canonization process to begin two years after her death, not the customary five. He beatified her in 2003 after a miracle, the healing of a   woman, was attributed to her intercession. A second miracle, recognized by Francis last year, opened the way to sanctity. “I am very grateful for this miracle,” said Marcilio Haddad Andrino, a Brazilian who recovered from a   brain infection in 2008 after his family prayed to Mother Teresa. Mr. Andrino came to Rome for the ceremony and was present at the Vatican news conference. “The merciful Lord looks at us all without any distinction,” Mr. Andrino said. “Maybe it was me this time, but maybe tomorrow it will be someone else. ” Mother Teresa, for all her acclaim, was not without critics. Some have questioned the hygiene and medical standards adopted by the sisters in some of the shelters and clinics run by the Missionaries of Charity. Others, like Dr. Aroup Chatterjee, have criticized what they call a “cult of suffering” that was prevalent in some of the homes run by the order. In a book, and in the documentary “Hell’s Angel,” the author and essayist Christopher Hitchens accused Mother Teresa of being an “ally of the status quo,” also calling her a “zealot” and a “fanatic. ” Mr. Hitchens charged that instead of empowering the poor to seek a better future, she instilled the idea that their condition was permanent. Her campaigns against birth control and abortion, which she once called “the greatest destroyer of peace today,” angered feminists and raised concerns with aid organizations. Some doctors and officials in India have also challenged the narrative of Monica Besra, the woman said to have benefited from Mother Teresa’s first miraculous intervention, saying Ms. Besra had been suffering from a cyst, not a tumor. Mother Teresa was born Agnes Gonxhe Bojaxhiu in 1910 to Albanian parents in Skopje, then part of the Ottoman Empire and now the capital of Macedonia. Today, she is regarded as the city’s most important native, and celebrations for her canonization will be held there for a week. “Skopje and the citizens of Skopje will use this opportunity to thank the saint Mother Teresa and to continue on the path that she unselfishly showed us  —   the path toward understanding, compassion and love,” said Koce Trajanovski, the mayor of Skopje, where streets and clinics are named for her. A memorial in her honor has attracted more than 700, 000 visitors over the last five years. The canonization was broadcast live on the Vatican’s television station and streamed online through a Vatican website. It was presented on Vatican Radio in seven languages, including Albanian. Tens of thousands of people gathered at St. Peter’s Square on Sunday, along with 15 official government delegations, including representatives of India and the United States. The chief Vatican spokesman, Greg Burke, said all 100, 000 tickets that the Holy See had made available had been distributed. At St. Patrick’s Cathedral in New York, Cardinal Timothy M. Dolan looked out at the crowd that had filled the pews and remarked, “I thought St. Patrick’s would be empty this morning, because when I was watching the Mass this morning, it looked like the whole Catholic world was in St. Peter’s Square. ” Mr. Burke recalled a visit to the Vatican press room that Mother Teresa made “many years ago. ” “She’s not the only saint to have passed through here,” he said, “but there haven’t been many, I think. ” She is the perfect saint for the year of mercy, the Rev. Brian Kolodiejchuk, the superior general of the Missionary Fathers of Charity, one of the religious institutes founded by Mother Teresa, said on Friday. Mother Teresa was “so aware of her need for mercy before God. She was very much at home with her own poverty,” added Father Kolodiejchuk, the chief promoter of her case for sainthood. “This Year of Mercy is first of all a reminder to all of us that before God we all stand in need of mercy so in this we are all poor. ”",0
12697,Trump Vows to Catch ‘Low Life Leakers’ in Washington D.C.,"President Donald J. Trump is already tired of the leaks coming from his administration, and vows to catch those involved in the “criminal act. ”[“The spotlight has finally been put on the   leakers! They will be caught! ,” he wrote on Twitter on Thursday morning.  Trump reacted to ongoing news stories surrounding the resignation of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, after intelligence sources leaked transcripts of his phone calls with Russian officials. “Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years,” Trump added. “Failing New York Times (and others) must apologize!” On Wednesday, Trump described the leaks as a “criminal act” during a press conference with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. “It’s a criminal act, and it’s been going on for a long time before me, but now it’s really going on,” he said. ",0
12698,"Japanese Boy, 7, Left on Mountain by Parents Is Found Alive - The New York Times","TOKYO  —   A    Japanese boy who disappeared nearly a week ago after his parents left him on the side of a mountain road to discipline him was found unharmed on Friday, the Japanese authorities said. The boy, Yamato Tanooka, wandered onto a military base about three miles from where he was left on Saturday on the northern island of Hokkaido. He was found early Friday morning by soldiers on a training exercise, exhausted but apparently uninjured, the local police said. The boy’s parents have faced harsh public criticism over the case, which has been covered intensively by the Japanese news media since his disappearance. “I’m full of gratitude. From now on, I’m going to take better care of him as he grows up,” Yamato’s father, Takayuki Tanooka, 44, said in comments on NHK, the national broadcaster. Some 200 police officers and volunteer rescue workers had been searching for the boy. The parents initially told the police that their son had become separated from them while they were picking wild vegetables in the mountains. But they later changed their story, saying they had left their son on the side of the road as punishment for throwing stones at cars and people while they were on an outing. They said they had driven off in their car, intending to scare him. But when they went back a short time later, the boy was gone. The police have not indicated whether they intend to pursue criminal charges against the parents. Three soldiers from the Japanese Ground   Force found the boy in a cabin on the remote wooded military base on Friday morning, said Hiroki Komori, a spokesman for the 11th Brigade of the Northern Army, which trains there. The soldiers had ducked into the cabin to avoid a rain shower, Mr. Komori said. The soldiers gave the boy rice balls and tea from a canteen, Mr. Komori said. He was taken to Hakodate Municipal Hospital by ambulance. Japanese news reports said the boy had probably been sheltering for days in the cabin. He told the authorities that he had found his way to the area soon after his parents left him and had been subsisting only on water from a nearby stream, reports said. Commentary about the case on social media has been overwhelmingly critical toward the parents. “This isn’t discipline, it’s child abuse,” Kenichiro Mogi, a   neurologist, author and television personality, wrote on Twitter on Monday. “It’s the boy’s father who has learned the big lesson,” another social media user said after he was found on Friday. A few said the parents had simply mishandled an otherwise acceptable form of punishment. Some said they had been subjected to the same treatment from their own parents after misbehaving as children. “I understand, I really do, but they should at least have kept an eye on him from behind some trees,” one Twitter post from Sunday read. “There are bears in Hokkaido. ”",0
12699,"‘Never Trump’ Stalwarts Try to Focus on Policy, Not the Man - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   If they squint hard enough, they can see hope in the form of an ambitious piece of legislation like a big tax cut. Then there is the fact that Hillary Clinton will not be president. And Mike Pence, the faithfully conservative vice   is there to keep watch. Those conservatives who insisted that electing Donald J. Trump president would be a grievous mistake  —   a group that included governors, senators, radio hosts, prominent columnists and some of the most savvy political operators in the country  —   are now saying they see an upside to four years of a Trump White House. But even as they find small reassurances, those who counted themselves part of the Trump opposition are wondering what their place will be for the next four years in a Republican Party they can hardly recognize. And they have begun to ponder what it all means for a conservative movement they thought they understood better. “Oh God,” said Charlie Sykes, the Wisconsin radio host who became a vocal opponent of Mr. Trump’s during the Republican primaries. He was describing how he had arrived at peace with the election results then, he said, he realized that he had not done so at all. “You kind of have to   a lot of what you thought about the shape of reality,” he said. “It’s not just that you’re wrong it’s that you fundamentally misread what happened. ” What is so disorienting for many conservatives is that the Trump victory was the culmination of the unruly populist upwelling in American politics, first manifested in the Tea Party movement, that traditional Republicans thought they could eventually absorb. Instead, those forces have overtaken them one by one  —   first claiming their House majority leader, Eric Cantor then their speaker, John A. Boehner and then an entire field of presidential candidates. Now it may claim their party. Some on Mr. Trump’s team are already boasting how they plan to break with decades of conservative orthodoxy on government spending and pursue a huge infrastructure spending package that sounds more Roosevelt than Reagan. “The conservatives are going to go crazy,” Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s senior counselor and chief strategist, gleefully told The Hollywood Reporter in an interview published Friday. “With negative interest rates throughout the world, it’s the greatest opportunity to rebuild everything  —   shipyards, ironworks, get them all jacked up,” said Mr. Bannon, who has aimed almost as much fire at what he regards as establishment Republicans as he has at Democrats. “It will be as exciting as the 1930s, greater than the Reagan revolution. ” Some conservatives say they could surely live with a few of the proposals of Mr. Trump’s they find worrisome, like a big spending bill, especially if they come with sweeteners like tax breaks or spending cuts in other areas. The easiest way to forge ahead, many are finding, is to disassociate the man from the policy. “I will do everything I can to help him,” said Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, who has refused on numerous other occasions to help Mr. Trump, including voting for him or attending the Republican National Convention. Mr. Graham told reporters on Capitol Hill this week that he believed he could work with Mr. Trump on issues like the military budget, which both men support expanding. Americans for Prosperity, the political advocacy group supported by David and Charles Koch that decided not to spend any money on the presidential race this year despite spending tens of millions to help Mitt Romney in 2012, is also cracking the door to Mr. Trump. The group, however, declined to say whether it had met or spoken to anyone inside Mr. Trump’s transition team. “We’re encouraged on several fronts by the possibility of the Republican Congress working with the new president,” said Tim Phillips, Americans for Prosperity’s president, citing the prospect of repealing some of President Obama’s energy policies along with the Affordable Care Act. But as with any period of grief, acceptance comes in different ways. Some find catharsis in writing. Others console themselves in data that show they really were not all that wrong. Then there are those who still talk as if they are in mourning: They have good days and bad days. “Life goes on,” said Bill Kristol, the Weekly Standard editor and leading “Never Trump” stalwart, who has written columns about his coming to terms with   Trump. Any given day, Mr. Kristol said in an interview, he feels a range of competing sentiments. “I’m sort of somewhere between ‘trust but verify’ and ‘distrust but verify,’ ” he said, using modified versions of Reagan’s famous quote about how he approached negotiating with the Soviets. On the subject of Reagan  —   it is hard not to talk to conservatives today about Mr. Trump and not have them wistfully invoke their    —   Mr. Kristol said he feared people were drawing parallels to Mr. Trump that risk setting the wrong standards for success. “The Reagan revolution wasn’t that he beat Jimmy Carter in 1980,” he said. “Not that I didn’t love that. The Reagan Revolution was that he governed successfully for eight years and won the Cold War. ” Others are concerned that the conservative movement missed an opportunity to appeal to a younger and more diverse group of voters. And they wonder how it will do so with someone as divisive as Mr. Trump atop the Republican Party. Steve Deace, a conservative radio host in Iowa and prominent “Never Trump” figure, pointed to the tens of thousands of voters in Wisconsin and Michigan  —   states Mr. Trump barely won  —   who voted in other races but did not cast a vote for president, evidently because they could not bring themselves to vote for him. “That’s not lightning in a bottle,” he said, making the point that Mr. Trump repelled so many voters that he almost lost. “That’s like you showed up for work and they said this is your last paycheck and you and your wife go to Las Vegas, put it all on black and it pays off. ” Mr. Sykes, the radio personality in Wisconsin, said he at least felt liberated. By not supporting Trump he does not feel compelled to defend him like so many of his conservative friends do. Mr. Sykes has been writing a new book, which he tentatively titled “How the Right Lost Its Mind. ” But he is struggling to finish it. “Obviously I thought it was going to have a different ending,” he said, asking aloud what he still struggles with. “How did this happen? Who are your friends? What do they actually believe?”",0
12700,Arctic Warming Gives U.S. and Europe the Chills,"Arctic Warming Gives U.S. and Europe the Chills   
By Tim Radford / Climate News Network A cold New York winter. Research shows there could be much worse to come. (Gregory Tran via Flickr) 
LONDON—Warming in the Arctic—one of the fastest-warming regions on the planet—could be heightening the chances of extreme winters in Europe and the US. As the Arctic warms, the stratospheric jet stream that brings occasionally catastrophic ice storms and record snow falls to the eastern United States could also be on the move, according to new research in the journal Nature Climate Change . The phenomenon is a natural one. Some years the track of the jet stream is wavy, and delivers severe cold weather to the mid-latitudes of the northern hemisphere. Some years the pattern alters, and Europe in particular experiences mild winters. The temperate zones have always experienced occasional extremes. But climate change could be tilting the balance. Extreme spells “We’ve always had years with wavy and not so wavy jet-stream winds, but in the last one or two decades the warming Arctic could well have been amplifying the effects of the wavy patterns. “This may have contributed to some recent extreme cold winter spells along the eastern seaboard of the United States, in western Asia and at times over the UK,” says Edward Hanna , a geographer at the University of Sheffield, UK, and one of a team of British, European and US scientists behind the study. “Improving our ability to predict how climate change is affecting the jet stream will help improve our long-term prediction of winter weather” The study doesn’t claim to settle the question: notoriously, climate is what you expect but weather is what you get, and it may be impossible to prove that this or that unexpected event happened because the global average temperatures are now at least 1°C higher than they used to be, before the human combustion of fossil fuels began to increase the concentration of the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide in the atmosphere from 280 parts per million to 400 ppm. But there are changes in the Arctic that are happening because of global warming, and meteorologists have been watching the knock-on effect on the stratospheric winds, especially the jet stream. In the same issue of the journal one group identified a persistent shift and a weakening in the Arctic winter polar vortex , a meteorological monster that plays a role in temperate zone weather patterns. Others identified a link between Arctic changes and the speed of the jet stream, and its effect on transatlantic airline timetables . Yet others have linked Arctic warming to dangerous extremes of heat further south , and yet another group has linked polar climate change to both ice storms and heatwaves . Arctic signals The debate continues. The important thing is to monitor the melting sea ice, the rising sea-surface temperatures and the emerging pattern of severe winter weather. If meteorologists can learn to read the signals from the Arctic, then communities could plan more effectively for the consequences. “Improving our ability to predict how climate change is affecting the jet stream will help improve our long-term prediction of winter weather in some of the most highly populated regions of the world,” Professor Hanna says. “This would be highly beneficial for communities, businesses and entire economies in the northern hemisphere. “The public could better prepare for severe winter weather and have access to extra crucial information that could help make life-saving and cost-saving decisions.” 
Tim Radford, a founding editor of Climate News Network, worked for The Guardian for 32 years, for most of that time as science editor. He has been covering climate change since 1988. 
Advertisement",0
12701,Challenge to Google Books Is Declined by Supreme Court - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Supreme Court on Monday refused to revive a challenge to Google’s digital library of millions of books, turning down an appeal from authors who said the project amounted to copyright infringement on a mass scale. The Supreme Court’s brief order left in place an appeals court decision that the project was a “fair use” of the authors’ work, ending a legal saga that had lasted more than a decade. In 2004, Google started building a vast digital library, scanning and digitizing more than 20 million books from the collections of major research libraries. Readers can search the resulting database, Google Books, for keywords or phrases and read some snippets of text. The Authors Guild and several writers sued Google in 2005, saying the digital library was a commercial venture that drove down sales of their work. In their petition seeking Supreme Court review, they said “this case represents an unprecedented judicial expansion of the   doctrine that threatens copyright protection in the digital age. ” The petition to the Supreme Court also included a brief signed by a group of prominent authors, including the playwright Tony Kushner, the historian Taylor Branch and the novelists Margaret Atwood, J. M. Coetzee, Peter Carey and Ursula K. Le Guin. “Fair use is not easy and never has been,” the brief stated. “The unprecedented scale of the Google Library Book Project, by itself, warrants a reconsideration of fair use in this case. ” In a statement released on Monday, the Authors Guild said that the Supreme Court’s decision to not hear the case would leave writers vulnerable to copyright infringement. It also suggested the case would have broader impact beyond the book industry. “The denial of review is further proof that we’re witnessing a vast redistribution of wealth from the creative sector to the tech sector, not only with books, but across the spectrum of the arts,” the guild’s president, the novelist Roxana Robinson, said in the statement. In its own Supreme Court brief, Google said both readers and writers were better off thanks to its efforts. “Google Books gives readers a dramatically new way to find books of interest,” the brief said. “By formulating their own text queries and reviewing search results, users can identify, determine the relevance of and locate books they might otherwise never have found. ” On Monday, Google said in a statement, “We are grateful that the court has agreed to uphold the decision of the Second Circuit which concluded that Google Books is transformative and consistent with copyright law. ’’ As is their custom, the justices gave no reasons for declining to hear the case, Authors Guild v. Google Inc. No.  . Last year, a unanimous   panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit said that Google’s project was lawful and beneficial. “The purpose of the copying is highly transformative, the public display of text is limited and the revelations do not provide a significant market substitute for the protected aspects of the originals,” Judge Pierre N. Leval, an authority on copyright law, wrote for the panel.",0
12702,Newly Public Emails Hint at Gorsuch’s View of Presidential Power - The New York Times,"Washington  —   In December 2005, when Congress enacted the Detainee Treatment Act, tightening restrictions against torture but barring lawsuits by Guantánamo detainees, Neil Gorsuch stood at the center of the internal debate about whether President Bush should issue a signing statement about the bill. Judge Gorsuch, whose Supreme Court confirmation hearing is set to start on Monday, was then a senior official in the Justice Department. He pushed strongly for a signing statement  —   in part, he wrote in an email, because it could make clear the Bush administration’s view that the new torture ban was “best read as essentially codifying existing interrogation policies. ” An email chain about the development of Mr. Bush’s eventual signing statement, which attracted critics because it also claimed a right to bypass the torture ban under his powers as commander in chief, was among more than 100 pages of emails and documents from Judge Gorsuch’s   tenure at the Justice Department that the Trump administration provided to the Senate late on Friday. The executive branch had previously withheld those pages from nearly 175, 000 documents it provided to Congress because it considered them covered by a privilege for confidential internal deliberations. But it waived that privilege after Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, requested their disclosure. Previous disclosures showed that Judge Gorsuch helped to defend and advance the Bush administration’s positions related to Guantánamo detainees, military commissions and other policy disputes arising in the war on terrorism, although those policies had been set by others. That same caveat applies to the newly available documents. Still, they could provide further clues to Judge Gorsuch’s approach to defining the scope and limits of a president’s power in   matters. Disputes about the legality of   interrogation and surveillance policies arose in December 2005, and each came to involve Judge Gorsuch. First, Congress enacted the Detainee Treatment Act. Most of the attention given to the legislation focused on its creation of a new law, championed by Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, that barred officials from inflicting cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment on detainees anywhere in the world. The Bush administration, which was running a torture program for terrorism suspects in overseas C. I. A. “black site” prisons, opposed Mr. McCain’s efforts. At the same time, Judge Gorsuch was working with Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, to include an amendment cutting off Guantánamo detainees’ access to the courts, which the administration supported. Both the torture ban and the   components made it into the final bill, setting up the internal debate about whether to have Mr. Bush issue a signing statement, an official document laying out a president’s understanding of a bill as he signs it into law. Judge Gorsuch argued for a signing statement for several reasons, including that such a statement would help advance the view that the   measure applied to existing lawsuits and not just to future ones  —   a view the Supreme Court later rejected  —   and that it could set the stage for interpreting the torture ban in a limited way. Although his email did not mention it, the context was that earlier in 2005, the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel, in a   memo, had already concluded that C. I. A. interrogation tactics like waterboarding and sleep deprivation did not amount to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment. Judge Gorsuch wrote that issuing a statement “would help inoculate against the potential of having the administration criticized sometime in the future for not making sufficient changes in interrogation policy in light of the McCain portion of the amendment. ” Importantly, the email chain also shows that the most disputed part of Mr. Bush’s signing statement  —   a line that implied the president could bypass the new statute under his purported constitutional powers  —   was drafted not by Judge Gorsuch but by David Addington, the counsel to Vice President Dick Cheney. Another controversy that broke out in December 2005 stemmed from the revelation that Mr. Bush had authorized the National Security Agency to wiretap Americans’ international phone calls and emails without warrants, despite a 1978 law that required warrants. The Bush administration argued that its program was legal in part because the president had inherent power to conduct warrantless surveillance for national security. Critics responded that even if the president may do something in the absence of a legal limit, it does not necessarily follow that he can still do it after a law forbids it. In March 2006, Judge Gorsuch helped to draft a statement for Attorney General Alberto Gonzales at a hearing about the program. An initial draft said the president wielded “inherent” powers to conduct warrantless surveillance in wartime that “cannot be diminished or legislated away. ” But, the internal emails show, Paul Clement, the solicitor general at the time, objected that the suggestion Congress cannot encroach upon how presidents conduct surveillance was unconvincing, so Judge Gorsuch took that line out. Still, in an email distributing the revised draft, Judge Gorsuch made clear that he did not endorse either view. “I am but the scrivener looking for language that might please everybody,” he wrote, “and I have tried to accomplish that in the attached latest draft. ”",0
12703,Taking Calcium Supplements Causes Brain Lesions,"in: General Health , Sleuth Journal , Special Interests Taking calcium supplements — even at low doses — linked to brain lesions in the first study of its kind. Most calcium supplements are just plain bad news. The idea of taking calcium in pill or tablet form to “keep the bones strong” just doesn’t make that much sense given, first, that we are designed to get our calcium from food. Second, our bone is a living tissue, which requires vitamin C, amino acids, magnesium, silica, vitamins D and K, etc., not to mention regular physical activity, just as much as it does calcium. Taking calcium to the exclusion of these other critical factors doesn’t make sense; nor does it make sense to look at osteoporosis as a deficiency of calcium supplements! As we have reported on extensively in the past, not only is consuming limestone, bone, and the shells of oysters and eggs not a good idea because the calcium can deposit in our soft tissues leading to heart attacks and strokes , but even the goal of maintaining bones as dense as a 25-year old late into life (known as the T-score) is fraught with danger, including a far higher breast cancer risk for those with the highest bone density . Instead of pathologizing aging, and focusing on making the bone denser by any means necessary, the focus should be on bone quality and agility and bodily self-awareness late into life, which helps the elderly prevent the falls that lead to fracture in the first place. In other words, simply having a gait or vision disorder can be at least as an important factor in fracture risk as bone mineral density. The problem with poor quality, inorganic, calcium supplements, however, does not stop with their contribution to cardiovascular disease risk. A combination of factors including low magnesium, vitamin K2 and the presence of fluoride in the water and diet can lead to pineal gland calcification , as well as the calcification of other brain structures, which recently has been hypothesized to be a contributing factor in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer’s disease . (click image to enlarge) A truly provocative study on this topic published last year in the British Journal of Nutrition somehow slipped through the cracks, because not only did we miss it but we do not recall it being reported elsewhere. Titled, “ Elevated brain lesion volumes in older adults who use calcium supplements: a cross-sectional clinical observational study ,” the study looked at the possibility that since calcium supplements have now been linked in multiple studies with vascular pathologies associated with cardiovascular diseas they may also be associated with the occurrence of brain lesions (known on MRI scans as hyperintensities) in older adults. These brain lesions, visible as brighter spots in MRI scans, are known to be caused by lack of blood flow (ischemia) and subsequent neurological damage. According to the study, “Brain lesions,also known as hyperintensities, are areas of damage observed on brain MRI ( See Above ). These lesions are common in older adults and increase the risk of devastating health outcomes, including depression, cognitive decline, dementia, stroke, physical disability, hip fracture and death. Postmortem studies have determined that these lesions form primarily due to ischemia, especially larger lesions (.3mm) and lesions found in depressed individuals.” The observational study enrolled 227 older adults (60 years above) and assessed food and supplemental calcium intakes. Participants with supplemental calcium use above zero were categorized as supplement users. Lesion volumes were assessed with MRI scans. Key findings were: Greater lesion volumes were found among calcium supplement users than non-users The influence of calcium supplements was of a magnitude similar to that of the influence of high blood pressure (hypertension), “a well-established risk factor for lesions.” The study found that the amount of calcium used was not associated with lesion volume and that “even low-dose supplements, by older adults may be associated with greater lesion volumes.” Even after controlling for food calcium intake, age, sex, race, years of education, energy intake, depression and hypertension, the association between calcium supplement and lesion volumes held strong. The study details were summarized as follows: “In the present cross-sectional clinical observational study, the association between Ca-containing dietary supplement use and lesion volumes was investigated in a sample of 227 older adults (60 years and above). Food and supplemental Ca intakes were assessed with the Block 1998 FFQ; participants with supplemental Ca intake above zero were categorised as supplement users. Lesion volumes were determined from cranial MRI (1.5 tesla) scans using a semi-automated technique; volumes were log-transformed because they were non-normal. ANCOVA models revealed that supplement users had greater lesion volumes than non-users, even after controlling for food Ca intake, age, sex, race, years of education, energy intake, depression and hypertension (Ca supplement use: β = 0.34, SE 0.10, F(1,217)= 10.98, P= 0.0011). The influence of supplemental Ca use on lesion volume was of a magnitude similar to that of the influence of hypertension, a well-established risk factor for lesions. Among the supplement users, the amount of supplemental Ca was not associated with lesion volume (β = – 0.000035, SE 0.00 015, F(1,139)= 0.06, P= 0.81). The present study demonstrates that the use of Ca-containing dietary supplements, even low-dose supplements, by older adults may be associated with greater lesion volumes. Evaluation of randomised controlled trials is warranted to determine whether this relationship is a causal one.” What is the mechanism beneath this association? The researchers discussed the already established link between calcium supplementation and increased ischemic stroke risk, indicating that calcium supplementation may contribute to calcium deposits in the vasculature (i.e. arterial calcification), mainly in the fatty deposits (atheromas) that contribute to blocking the opening (lumen) of the blood vessels. They state that this process can lead to lack of blood flow and subsequent oxygen deprivation (ischemia), ultimately leading to the development of brain lesions. Another mechanism by which excess calcium may have a direct neurotoxic effect on the brain is the influx of excess calcium into brain cells, which lead to cell death. This possibility is greatly increased if the blood-brain barrier is compromised. The researchers also highlighted the importance of the finding that calcium supplementation may have as significant a deleterious effect on brain lesions as high blood pressure (hypertension): “If this finding is confirmed in longitudinal studies, it could have important health implications – because it is obviously much easier to cease Ca supplement use than to medically manage hypertension.” In other words, hypertension is often caused by toxic antihypertensive drugs that may actually increase the risk of cardiac mortality . Why not remove one of the modifiable causes: calcium supplementation, which would strike to one of the root causes of the problem and resolve it. The researchers concluded their study as follows: “The use of Ca [calcium] -containing dietary supplements by older adults was found to be associated with greater brain lesion volumes, even after controlling for the usual amount of dietary Ca intake. Interestingly, neither the amount of supplemental Ca nor the duration of supplemental Ca use was associated with lesion volume. These findings indicate that adverse biochemical effects of supplemental Ca use may exist in older adults, regardless of the dose.” So, what do we do instead of taking calcium supplements? First, consider why you think you need calcium supplements. Is it because of the dairy industry promoting for decades the concept that we need calcium (from milk)? Or, is it because your doctor is throwing around terms like osteopenia and osteoporosis carelessly, without explaining to you that the present day bone mineral density (BMD) reference ranges assume that aging is a disease and even if you are 60 or 100 for that matter you are still supposed to have the BMD of a 25-year old young woman; an absurd and dangerous idea. Please read the expose, “ Osteoporosis Myth: The Dangers of High Bone Mineral Density ,” in order to understand how millions of healthy women were made to believe that aging is a disease, with worse health outcomes as a result of overdiagnosis and overtreatment. Now, when it comes to calcium, focus on food sources. The site NutritionData.com lists about 1,000 of the highest calcium-containing foods, categorized by food group: Foods highest in Calcium . Also, remember that the accelerated bone loss that occurs later in life in women, is triggered by hormonal changes associated with the exhaustion of the ovarian reserve. Nature, however, provides ‘back up’ support for the ovaries in the form of pomegranate . Other hormone-modulating foods include the fermented soy food miso , prunes , and even vitamin C , which has recently been found to regenerate steroid hormones . For a far more extensive research resource on bone health, you can view our page dedicated to the topic here: Bone Health . © November 2, 2016 GreenMedInfo LLC . This work is reproduced and distributed with the permission of GreenMedInfo LLC. Want to learn more from GreenMedInfo? Sign up for the newsletter here http://www.greenmedinfo.com/greenmed/newsletter . Submit your review",0
12704,Mexican Cartel Kills Activist Mom Searching for Mass Graves,"Cartel gunmen have murdered a woman who led the search for her daughter’s remains and other victims in northern Mexico. The gunmen killed her on the day Mexico celebrates Mother’s Day. [Mexican authorities have confirmed the murder of Miriam Elizabeth Rodriguez Martinez, on the night of May 10 in the city of San Fernando, Tamaulipas. As Breitbart Texas reported, San Fernando has a long history of being a stronghold of Los Zetas Cartel, one of the most ruthless criminal organizations in Mexico. Two former Tamaulipas governors are wanted by the U. S. Department of Justice on money laundering charges for their roles as surrogates of the Los Zetas. One of those politicians is also wanted on multiple drug trafficking and conspiracy charges.   Los Zetas have been behind the execution of 72 Central American immigrants who were murdered in San Fernando in an apparent show of force. The same criminal organization has been singled out as being behind the disappearance of hundreds of victims from San Fernando. In 2011, close to 200 victims were discovered in shallow graves in rural areas near San Fernando. At the time, authorities revealed that the victims may have been kidnapped off passenger buses or may have been motorists traveling one of the state’s main highways near the city.  In 2012, cartel gunmen kidnapped the daughter of Miriam Elizabeth Rodriguez Martinez. Despite the lack of cooperation from the Mexican federal government, the activist formed a support group that focused on pressuring the government and helping locate missing victims. Rodriguez Martinez was able to locate the mass grave where the gunmen buried her daughter’s body. Through her work, Martinez was able to contribute to the arrest of nine Los Zetas gunmen directly responsible for her daughter’s kidnapping.  According to the Tamaulipas government, Rodriguez Martinez requested government protection after learning that Enrique Yoel Rubio, the main suspect behind her daughter’s murder, was named among the dozens of inmates who broke out of a state prison earlier this year. As Breitbart Texas reported in May, at least 29 members of Los Zetas used a tunnel to break out of the state prison in Ciudad Victoria. The breakout came after the cartel was undergoing an internal fight for territorial control.  While federal authorities ignored Rodriguez’s cry for help, state authorities provided her with a series of police checkups at her home. Information provided to Breitbart Texas by Tamaulipas authorities revealed that Rubio had been arrested shortly after the breakout and has remained behind bars since.  Despite state cops checking in on Rodriguez, unknown cartel gunmen were able to carry out the assassination earlier this week. State officials issued a strong condemnation and claimed they would not let the murder go unsolved. Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook. Brandon Darby is managing director and    of Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. He can be contacted at bdarby@breitbart. com.",0
12705,"Anonymous: There Is No One Way To Live On This Planet, But We Can Be Harmonious","Share on Facebook Share on Twitter It’s no secret that a small group of elite people, many of whom own some of the largest corporations and banks in the world, controls our healthcare, political, food, and banking systems. The elite gained power by dictating and manipulating people’s beliefs, controlling their finances, and instilling fear within them. They have complete control over mainstream media, allowing them to fabricate stories and publicize “terrorist attacks” that are, too often, funded and/or facilitated by the state — otherwise known as false-flag terrorism . As more people continue to wake up to the “Matrix” we live in, we must ask ourselves: Will we stand by and continue to enable corruption, or will we stand up and change the system ourselves? Anonymous recently answered this question in a video, demanding for the public to take action and explaining how we can create sustainable change through a nonviolent revolution. advertisement - learn more Why We’re Ready For a Revolution For years, we’ve been watching the support system that holds the elite on their pedestal slowly break. More and more people are learning how this system works and seeing through the lies. The more awareness the public has, the less power the elite holds over them. In turn, the movement to take power away from the global elite is gaining momentum. More people are losing trust in mainstream media and faith in their government, especially since WikiLeaks exposed emails from political party members further proving that the U.S. elections are rigged . It’s clear that many of us want change; however, the difficulty lies in identifying what we want our current system to be changed to and how to do it effectively. In the past, many revolutions didn’t end with any sort of large-scale resolution because their end goals weren’t properly defined in the first place. Anonymous explains, “Revolutions begin with a NO and they end with a Yes. Revolutions begin when you say NO to those who claim to have power over you, and revolutions end when you accept a new status quo, a new normal, whether that new normal is an improvement or not.” To address this issue, Anonymous outlined their three-step process in designing a successful revolution, or what they refer to as “the conscious revolution paradigm.” The Conscious Revolution Paradigm In order for a revolution to be successful, it needs to be properly defined, strategically designed with multiple phases and specific goals, and well executed. Anonymous suggested implementing a three-phase revolution to take down the global elite. Phase one defines the collective’s interests and articulates them in a clear message, which Anonymous essentially just did. Delivered with a clear sense of urgency, the message declares that a revolution needs to take place to end the corruption of the global elite once and for all. Another crucial part of phase one is to expose the truth, undermine people’s belief systems, and inspire people to want change, all of which is still ongoing. Phase two involves creating a clear vision of the desired end goal, determining what will replace the current system. It’s important to note that this cannot be a “utopian fantasy”; we must recognize that there isn’t one right way to live on this planet. This revolution will not be about convincing the world that we need to accept one belief system, but rather that we can live harmoniously and peacefully with each other through a set of common principles. This must involve a leadership structure that is decentralized and non-hierarchal. We need to abandon the current “one at the top” presidential philosophy and implement a system where no one has more power than anyone else, representing true equality. This can be done through leaders who volunteer to stand beside us rather than get paid to stand ahead of us. The third phase would see us implement a plan of action and develop a clear understanding of the rules of engagement, which can only happen when we’re ready to transition from the old way of power to our new way of being. Nonviolence is clearly our best option to help facilitate this, not only since we are fighting for world peace, but also because we cannot beat the elite using violence when their strongest weapons include the military and finances. To watch Anonymous’ full message, check out the following YouTube video: What We Can Learn From This There is a significant shift in consciousness taking place on Earth right now. More people are starting to understand that we’re all connected to each other, ultimately raising the vibration of the collective. In order for a revolution to be successful, it must be founded in love. You literally cannot spell the word “rEVOLution” without love. In the past, revolutions haven’t been successful because they were fuelled by discontent and fear. The elite have shown us that fear is a dangerous force that should not be used as a tool for change. Instead of building fear in one another like the elite does, we should be inspiring each other to be passionate about creating positive change. We need complete unification in order for this to work and love is a fundamental part of that. Revolutions are almost entirely psychological in nature. If you can educate someone on what’s happening in the world and why we need the current system to change, then that’s one more person standing with us. Not only do you need to convince others of the urgent need for change, but you must convince yourself, too. You need to abandon the fear that change won’t happen and start believing that this movement will be successful — and it starts with you. Anyone can be a leader! 
“Be the change you wish to see in the world.” – Mahatma Gandhi 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
12706,Video: Time for a real dialogue between Russia and the United States,"Video: Time for a real dialogue between Russia and the United States At the recent Fort Ross Dialogue event at Stanford University, a number of top thought leaders, diplomats and academics shared their thoughts on the importance of bilateral exchanges between the U.S. and Russia At the recent Fort Ross Dialogue event at Stanford University, a number of top thought leaders, diplomats and academics shared their thoughts on the importance of bilateral exchanges between the U.S. and Russia. 

Video by Igor Davydov 
Amidst the political rhetoric accompanying the current confrontation between Russia and the United States, many leaders in both nations have lost sight of the importance of dialogue during this difficult period. At a time when political leaders are closing down potential opportunities for diplomacy, informal discussions and non-governmental meetings between Russians and Americans are more important than ever.
With that in mind, Russia Direct recently organized a roundtable event within the Fort Ross Dialogue , an annual forum that brings together Russian and American thought leaders, businessmen, diplomats, politicians and students.
This year the forum took place on Oct. 24 at Stanford University, in Palo Alto, California and marked its fifth anniversary. Participants discussed the future of U.S.-Russia relations . The agenda primarily dealt with the subject of bilateral educational exchanges.
With the support of Transneft, the roundtable of Russia Direct brought together a number of experts who gave their views on the future of U.S.-Russia exchanges. As a result of the event, Russia Direct produced a video that features the following individuals:
- Dan E. Davidson , President of American Councils for International Education;
- Anna Vasilieva , Professor at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey;
- Kathryn Stoner , Senior Fellow at the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies at Stanford University;
- Victoria I. Zhuravleva , Professor at the Russian State University for the Humanities;
- Anton Fedyashin , Director of the Carmel Institute of Russian Culture and History at American University;
- Sarah Sweedler , CEO of Fort Ross Conservancy;
- Mathew Rojansky , Director of the Wilson Center's Kennan Institute;
- Michael McFaul , former U.S. ambassador to Russia and Stanford professor;
- Andrew McGrahan , President of Chevron-Neftegaz;
- Sergey Petrov , Russian Consul General in San Francisco;
- Mikhail Margelov , Transneft Vice President;
- Nikolay Kolesnikov , Sovcomflot Executive Vice President.
For more information about the Fort Ross Dialogue read: "" Fort Ross forum: Fostering a new dialogue between Russia, the US "" The Fort Ross Dialogue was sponsored by Transneft, Sovcomflot and Chevron. Russia Direct extends special thanks to Transneft and Sarah Sweedler, CEO of Fort Ross Conservancy, for the support of its panel discussion. ",0
12708,"Pigeons May Predict Lead Contamination, Study Finds - The New York Times","Amid reignited fears about lead poisoning nationwide, the key to identifying solutions could lie in the common city pigeon. A study published on Monday in the journal Chemosphere found that Manhattan neighborhoods that had many children with elevated blood lead levels also had pigeons with elevated lead. The research suggests that scientists may be able to use the birds to predict lead contamination in the environment. The principal author of the study, Rebecca Calisi, who was an assistant biology professor at Barnard College when the research was conducted, examined data on 825 pigeons from various neighborhoods from 2010 to 2015. Dr. Calisi found that elevated lead levels in pigeons from Greenwich Village and SoHo, for example, correlated positively with elevated lead levels in children in those neighborhoods, as identified by New York City’s health department. The link indicates that pigeons could be used to detect areas of pollution across the country, particularly in urban areas. “There’s a potential to be able to circumvent health problems in humans before they even begin,” said Dr. Calisi, now an assistant professor at the University of California, Davis. The researchers drew on data compiled by the Wild Bird Fund, a New York City nonprofit that rehabilitates sick, injured or orphaned birds. Dr. Calisi recognized that pigeons would be ideal birds for making comparisons with human health, she said, because they live in proximity to people and eat much of the same food. And unlike many other birds, they tend to spend their entire lives within the same square mile. Whether the information from this study will be practically useful is up for discussion. Christopher R. Miller, press secretary for the health department, said it “seemed a stretch to equate feral pigeons with the proverbial canary in a coal mine” because the city already had a “robust” system for evaluating lead exposure. More than 80 percent of New York City children are tested before age 3, and in 2014, fewer than three out of 1, 000 had elevated blood lead levels, the department said. But for Dr. Calisi, the findings present opportunities that extend well beyond New York  —   and even lead. Researchers in her lab in California intend to use pigeons to monitor other heavy metals, as well as pesticides and fire retardants, in urban areas worldwide. “We’re just getting started,” Dr. Calisi said. “This is kind of the beginning of what’s going to be a really big field of study. ” Marc A. Edwards, a professor at Virginia Tech who served as a principal investigator of the lead crisis in Flint, Mich. said the study offered a new way to monitor children’s lead exposure. “This could be an unusual firsthand mapping of where are the problem areas where we should divert our resources,” he said, adding that the research provided “new insight into how pervasive these toxins are. ”",0
12709,Donald Trump’s Ventures Began With a Lot of Hype. Here’s How They Turned Out. - The New York Times,"When Donald J. Trump unveiled his new online travel booking venture, GoTrump. com, he said in a promotional video in 2006 that customers would “love everything I put on this site. ” “There’s nobody better,” he added. “There’s nobody even close!” A few months later, ground was broken for Trump Tower Tampa, a project he said would “redefine both Tampa’s skyline and the market’s expectations of luxurious condominium living. ” And when he signed a   deal with the fledgling U. S. Pro Golf Tour that summer to become a partner on a new championship series, he proclaimed that “there is no doubt the talent level is among the highest in the world. ” The travel venture never took off. The tower in Tampa, Fla. was not built. And the golf championships? Mr. Trump withdrew as the tour fell apart. Moving past a disastrous period that led to a loss on paper of more than $900 million  —   possibly freeing him from federal income taxes for years  —   Mr. Trump became a   factory of big ideas, churning out a continual stream of projects and promises. Together, they fed the image of Mr. Trump as an American Midas, the foundation of his argument for why he would make a great president. To see whether the results of these ventures came close to their   billing, The New York Times analyzed scores of Trump business announcements starting a decade ago, including those posted on the Trump Organization’s website and those that have been deleted but live on in web archives. The Times also combed through news reports, his personal financial disclosures and court records interviewed partners and interviewed Mr. Trump himself. Of the roughly 60 endeavors started or promoted by Mr. Trump during the period analyzed, The Times found few that went off without a hitch.   of them never got off the ground or soon petered out. Another third delivered a measure of what was promised  —   buildings were built, courses taught, a product introduced  —   but they also encountered substantial problems, like lawsuits, government investigations, partnership woes or market downturns. The remaining third, while sometimes encountering strife, generally met expectations  —   notably the television show “The Apprentice” and the purchases of numerous golf courses, including properties near Philadelphia and in the Hudson Valley. In interviews, Mr. Trump disputed some of the characterizations, saying that, among other things, some projects that might appear to be failures were successes, for him at least, because he often made his money upfront, through fees for the use of the Trump name. The bottom line of all the hits and misses, however, is impossible to determine because Mr. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, has not released any tax returns. Regardless of how much money a deal made  —   or did not make  —   one constant through the years is that these ventures were almost always introduced with a certain Trumpian flair: Each would set a “new standard” or be the “very, very best. ” Jim Dowd, who advised Mr. Trump on public relations and marketing from 2004 to 2010, recalled that Mr. Trump typically took a personal interest in each news release, marking up drafts with a red pen he kept on his desk. “We would draft a quote for him, but he would always rewrite it, making it much larger than life,” Mr. Dowd said in an interview earlier this year. (Mr. Dowd died last month.) There were some common terms: “Huge, billions  —   those words would have to be in there,” Mr. Dowd said. “Definitely ‘unprecedented.’ Definitely ‘the best of the best. ’” For free publicity, Mr. Trump would also schedule news conferences to announce his deals, and he seemed to feast on the attention. “He was so caught up in the glamour of the press conference and getting the lobby of Trump Tower filled with media,” Mr. Dowd said. “He would plop down the elevator, do his thing for 35 minutes, and he was pretty much in every media outlet the next day. ” Eventually, Mr. Dowd said, the throngs of journalists who attended Mr. Trump’s news conferences waned, as they asked Mr. Dowd, “Really, another one?” Mr. Dowd thought Mr. Trump was putting himself out too often. “He was doing these all over the world,” he said. “He was flying to Panama to announce that project. He was flying to Puerto Rico the golf course in Scotland. ” Mr. Trump said he recalled those visits fondly, though he demurred when asked if he had been overexposed in his business ventures. “It’s a big world,” he said. “You can do a lot of things. ” But the reality was that the success of “The Apprentice,” which averaged 21 million viewers weekly when it made its debut in 2004, had given Mr. Trump access to what seemed like an endless flow of business opportunities. There were unrealized real estate developments in Atlanta on the Baja California peninsula in Mexico and in Cap Cana in the Dominican Republic, an “elite destination that will be known worldwide in the years to come. ” The hotel and golf club in Cap Cana bearing the Trump name, announced almost a decade ago, have not been built, and Mr. Trump ended up suing his partners over licensing fees. There were entertainment endeavors: a concept for a Trump animation series akin to “The Simpsons” a speaking tour in Australia that was canceled, though Mr. Trump did eventually go there for a round of lucrative speeches and “Trump Tycoon,” a smartphone app that sold for “$2. 99 but the advice is priceless,” as he wrote at the time on Twitter. He said recently that he did not recall the app, which is no longer available. There were scores of   products, with mixed success: vodka magazines suits ties chairs bath towels crystal and perhaps the most famous one, Trump Steaks, sold by Sharper Image and “by far the best tasting, most flavorful beef that you’ll ever eat. ” Some live on, but in general, they typically failed to match the initial hype before quietly disappearing. And there was Trump University, a series of real estate seminars that, like many of Mr. Trump’s endeavors, wound up in the courts. Mr. Trump’s name seemed to be just about everywhere. But a close look reveals patterns, particularly before and after the financial crisis of 2008. (The Times did not analyze any projects begun after 2012, because a number of them were too new to evaluate.) Until the crisis, Mr. Trump focused mainly on real estate developments, often mixed   projects. The market downturn thwarted some of those plans, and he began shifting more aggressively to smaller licensing agreements with makers of home products and goods. The Trump Organization accelerated its focus on golf, buying clubs near Philadelphia in Westchester County, N. Y. in Doral, Fla. and elsewhere. Despite occasional bumps, as when neighbors in Doral complained about noise and the course’s new   trees, the purchases have generally gone according to plan. Where others might see disappointment, Mr. Trump is unfailingly upbeat when reflecting on his business ventures. In the interviews, he maintained that his deals, for the most part, “are all tremendously successful. ” And a number of them were, at least for him, because they were licensing arrangements that paid him millions of dollars in fees upfront regardless of how well the engagement turned out. Other times, he said, he showed his business acumen by canceling or delaying deals to avoid hitting a difficult market. “All of my jobs work in some form or another,” Mr. Trump said, noting several times that he had more than 100 deals in progress or in negotiation. “A lot of people don’t understand. ” He harbored no regrets about how he had trumpeted his past engagements, explaining how his promotions were no different from what one might find in newspaper ads for a new car or home. “People use language that’s very much up there,” he said. He acknowledged that he sometimes announced deals before they were fully baked. It was part of the plan, he said, to gauge the public’s response, like a trial balloon, to see whether a deal was worth doing. “It is an awfully good way of testing things, I’ll be honest with you,” he said. “There’s no investment, as opposed to doing the deal and letting it be a failure. ” As president, Mr. Trump said, he might use the same approach to policy making. “I guess you could say there will be a time where I may want to test something by talking about it publicly and seeing what the response is,” he said. But he said that some of his campaign pledges were positively bankable. “For instance,” he said, “we are going to build a wall. I’m going to build the wall. ”",0
12710,Voters Repudiate Clinton,"Scott 
It’s really amazing to see how little of the blame is going to Clinton herself. It was her decision to set-up a private email server. It was her decision to serve as Secretary of State while accepting millions from foreign governments. It was her decision to get paid hundreds of thousands of dollars while unofficially running for President. It was her decision to call millions of Americans deplorable. 
We have very little idea of what a Trump presidency will amount to. My best guess has been that he will be a Jimmy Carter cubed in Berlusconi packaging. 
Recall that even though Carter has been the best former President of the modern era, he came to Washington as an outsider with his Georgia team. Despite having ben a governor and thus knowing how to draft legislation and get bills passed, he famously got little accomplished despite having a Democratic party majority in the House and Senate. 
Trump is likely to spend his first year, and conceivably his entire Presidency, with all of the Democratic party and enough of the Republican party against him to stymie him, fighting for the right to govern. And that assumes he has an agenda beyond the very few goals he has articulated consistently: getting out of “bad” trade deals and entering into better ones; reducing immigration and deporting many undocumented immigrants (and building his famed wall); investing heavily in infrastructure; making NATO members pay their share of its budget (the theoretical level, 2% of each nation’s GDP, is largely footed by the US); cutting back our involvement in overseas conflicts; cutting taxes; and repealing Obamacare. 
The only initiatives where the Republicans might back him solidly are cutting taxes and ending Obamacare, and even then, given the lobbying power of Big Pharma and the health insurers, the Republicans might not be as willing to pull the trigger on Obamacare as all their kvetching would lead you to believe. 
There is one more Trump campaign promise that will serve as an important early test of his seriousness as well as his survival skills: investigating Clinton. Even if Obama pardons her, as our Jerri-Lynn Scofield has predicted, it will be critical for Trump to carry out a probe of the Clinton Foundation’s business while Clinton was Secretary of State. 
If Trump is to cut the cancer of the neocons out of the policy establishment, he has to have them on the run. It is a reasonable surmise that Clinton’s enthusiasm for war was due at least in part to heavy Saudi support of the Foundation. Showing that American’s escalation in the Middle East, which Obama tried with mixed success to temper, was due in part, and perhaps almost entirely, to the personal corruption of the Secretary of State, would keep the hawks at bay, particularly if other prominent insiders and pundits were implicated in Clinton Foundation influence-peddaling. 
It will be hard for Trump to do much to alter the course of the military-surveilance complex unless he can hamstring the warmongers. Just as Warren has argued relative to bank regulations, “personnel is policy.” If Trump is a fast learner, he’ll see that that is just as true on the foreign policy front. 
Finally, those on the left need to turn the blame cannon aimed squarely at them back on the professional hacks who are truly responsible. Despite their tiresome chest-beating about meritocracy, these Acela corridor bubble-dwellers are constitutionally incapable of holding their fellow club member accountable. Their preening self regard repelled hard-working Americans who’d done the right thing, as in gotten an education, and if they were older, launched a career, bought a house and started a family, only to struggle harder and harder while seeing any vestige of security and hope of improved living standards erode. And unless they were at the top of the professional classes, they felt defeated by not being able to pay for their kids to go to college and being uncertain as to how to advise them with their educations and job prospects. 
The Democrats under Clinton and Obama abdicated the duty of the elites, which is to improve the conditions for, or at least limit harm to, the members of the communities they lead. Even Bill Clinton did remember that the most important duty for a Democrat is to create jobs, even if he did so by presiding over a rise in household debt and a stock market bubble. 
Young people, who poll well to the left of their elders, have inferred a lesson that the labor movement forgot: the exercise of power includes being willing to inflict punishment in the form of withholding support. Look at how diminished organized labor has become by casting its lot with the feckless Dems who’ve sold them out again and again. Hillary tried the Clinton “They have no where to go” trick one time too many, kicking the left after she only narrowly beat Sanders. And the left decided to return the favor. She made clear she has no intention of representing them. They heard her message loud and clear and acted accordingly. 
As reader aab : 
The big question to me is, take over the hollow shell of the Democratic Party, or crush it with a new party. Is it possible to take over the Ds — as weak as it is now as a party — without being corrupted and co-opted? I now hate my former party to such a degree, I find myself recoiling at having anything at all to do with it. But given all the institutional constraints, it still may be smart to try; the answer is above my pay grade, as they say. 
This is an important question to consider as we see how the Democratic party responds to this well-deserved defeat. 0 2 0 0 0 0",0
12711,Spotify and Apple Music: The Goth vs. the Stoner - The New York Times,"In this episode, we depart from the familiar    format for a dive into the world of music streaming services. It is a topic that fascinates the Haggler, who can still barely fathom that for a mere $10 a month, he can get access to just about any musical recording on the planet. But which streaming app is the best? The Haggler has been mulling this question for a while, and after a lot of dabbling he regards Spotify as the gold standard. It is sturdy and remarkably fast when you play a song from the cloud, it starts so quickly it seems to be waiting for you. The system is also easy to use. Streaming services, at least to the Haggler, are all about creating playlists  —   grabbing albums and songs and putting them in a place where you can find them quickly. That process is simple and intuitive on Spotify. If the system has a weakness, it is a    user interface, which is black and a Halloweenish shade of green  —   a little too goth for the Haggler’s tastes. Far more important, it isn’t great at introducing you to new albums and acts. It has features and algorithms designed to help you find undiscovered music, but they aren’t compelling or visually appealing enough to be much help. The Haggler winds up listening to the same stuff over and over. This is why the Haggler has been rooting for Apple Music since an Android version of it was unveiled in November. The user interface is gorgeous  —   bright, airy and dominated by album art  —   and it is the finest new music introduction system ever created. It’s like a professional matchmaker who never sleeps. It is always trying to find you something to love. But for all its upsides, Apple Music for iOS has been criticized for randomly deleting both songs and playlists. On Android, though, the app behaves even more weirdly. It took the Haggler a while to figure out what was happening. Then, a few weeks ago, it all became clear: Apple Music is stoned. Not   stoned, either. Apple Music is fried. It has the kind of “Where am I?” buzz that should worry its friends. To wit: When the Haggler tries to turn an album into a playlist, only half the songs make the journey. Or all the songs make the journey but there are three copies of many. Or two copies. Sometimes, inexplicably, the songs are arranged alphabetically. “Heh heh heh,” says Apple Music, or so it seems to the Haggler’s ears. “I’m really high right now. ” You sure are! Just as bad, the system is supposed to learn what music you like, but no matter how many times the Haggler presses the “I don’t like this suggestion” button on jazz albums, Apple Music keeps serving up Chet Baker and Bill Evans in a “For you” list on the main menu. That’s especially vexing because each time that button is pressed, up pops this message: “Got it. We’ll keep that in mind. ” But Apple Music forgets. Do you know why? It’s totally baked. When someone consumes this amount of weed, for so long, it’s time for an intervention, and fortunately Apple Music just completed one. On July 8, the company updated the program, promising a fix for an assortment of bugs. A fix for the iOS version was released a few weeks ago. The Haggler doesn’t own an iPhone, so he can’t comment on whether it has improved, though the “My music has vanished!” online complaints do seem to have died down. But he is happy to report that on his Android smartphone, the fixes work. Since the program update, playlists have been rationally sorted. No more triple copies, no more alphabetized albums. So is it time to ditch Spotify? Not so fast. Apple Music is still missing essential features. It doesn’t let users make and share their own playlists, à la Spotify, which is how the Haggler got to know every song from the HBO show “Silicon Valley. ” (Some fan of the show just made a compilation.) Apple Music also lacks crossfade, which allows the next song to fade in, over a customizable number of seconds, as the last song fades out. This is invaluable if you listen to music in part to block out the noise made by the rest of the universe. Also, while it’s off recreational drugs, Apple Music is still balkier than Spotify, and is more likely to leave you staring at a spinning red line as it gathers its wits and looks for songs. And Apple Music has failed to streamline its playlist adding system. On Spotify, a playlist of Drake’s album “Views” is automatically designated “Drake  —   Views. ” On Apple Music, when you create a new playlist, it has no idea what to call it. The name is blank. So you have to type it yourself. This isn’t exactly hard labor. But it adds to the sense that Apple Music needs more tweaks. The Haggler contacted Apple, but the company would not discuss whether any of these tweaks were coming, because it generally does not discuss future iterations of products. What’s odd is that Apple is the user interface master of the world. If anything, you would expect it to take the bar established by Spotify and then leap over it. Instead, at least in a few crucial areas, it’s lagging. Yet recently, after a few hours of rummaging around the “Radio” section of Apple Music  —   a bunch of shows curated by artists and D. J. s  —   the Haggler fell hard for a fantastic indie band from Oklahoma called Broncho and its song “Class Historian. ” On Dr. Dre’s radio station, the Pharmacy, he was reacquainted with A Tribe Called Quest’s “Oh My God” which he hadn’t heard in years. The “For you” list last week included an album of Beethoven’s string trios that the Haggler will never again live without. If only someone could splice together the best parts of Apple Music and the best parts of Spotify, and then subtract each of their flaws. Unlikely, yes. But the Haggler can dream.",0
12712,"Washington Post Corrects ’Racist, Anti-Semitic’ Smears About MILO - Breitbart","The Washington Post has removed a reference to MILO in a piece about his upcoming appearance at CPAC implying that he “espoused racist,   and sexist points of view. ”[The article,   by David Weigel and Robert Costa, described MILO as being the latest example of the conservative movement’s “embrace of   aligned figures,” despite MILO declaring on multiple occasions that he is not a member of, nor aligned with, the   but only sought to give them a fair hearing in the press, notably by writing ‘An Establishment Conservatives Guide To The  .’  After Breitbart News contacted the authors, the introduction was changed to describe MILO as a “  firebrand,” along with removing all references to the bigotry that MILO was accused of. One reader in the comment section, writing before the article updated, said that “this article is so riddled with errors, it may as well be fake news. ” Many other news outlets have attempted to brand MILO with the   or white nationalist label, including CNN, The Chicago Tribune, CBS, USA Today, LA Times, Glamour Magazine  and NBC News. White supremacists have repeatedly attacked MILO the Daily Stormer declared a “holy crusade” against MILO, and proceeded to protest him at the University of Alabama. Most of the aforementioned outlets were forced to issue corrections and retract their claims for having no basis in reality. Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard_, on Gab @JH or email him at jack@yiannopoulos. net.",0
12713,Bob Dylan no podrá recoger el Nobel “porque viene el del gas a revisar la caldera”,"Bob Dylan no podrá recoger el Nobel “porque viene el del gas a revisar la caldera” ""ESTÁ MÁS SOLICITADO ÉL QUE YO"", ASEGURA EL ARTISTA Premio Nobel de Literatura 
El cantautor estadounidense Bob Dylan, ganador del Nobel de Literatura de este año, no viajará a Estocolmo a recoger el premio, que se entrega el próximo 10 de diciembre, informó este miércoles la Academia Sueca. El motivo es una cita que ya había acordado el premiado con el técnico del gas, que debe revisar su caldera. 
“Los inyectores están sucios y el agua sale templada pero no caliente”, ha argumentado Dylan, añadiendo que “el reconocimiento público de mi trayectoria es importante pero, cuando tienes que ir a casa del vecino a ducharte, reordenas tus prioridades”. 
El artista ha explicado a la Academia que el técnico del gas está “muy solicitado, más que yo con el Nobel” y ha animado a la organización a perseguir a la compañía del gas para que busque otra fecha. “Intentadlo si queréis, os pondrán en espera”, asegura. 
“No es que me dé pereza ni nada. De hecho, con la caldera jodida estoy seguro de que hace más frío en mi casa que en Estocolmo”, ha insistido el premiado. “Y recemos todos para que el tío del gas se presente el día que toca, que esa es otra”, ha añadido.",0
12714,Trump Winning: Why It May Have Been Planned All Along,"Trump Winning: Why It May Have Been Planned All Along Nov 9, 2016 4 0 Just had a thought… (for those who already know both candidates are puppets of the same ruling class and it doesn’t really matter who wins.) What if… the “Elite’s” goal all along was to put Trump up there as a candidate, make sure he would come across as the complete looney that he is, and BECAUSE nearly everyone expects insanity from the guy; use him as a way to more openly and overtly rule like a psycho without having to pretend to be sane. Maybe the establishment is sick of hiding behind “good boy” and “good girl” puppets. Maybe they just want to be themselves now lol. (And use “Crazy President Trump” as the culprit for the crazy things “they” are about to do next…) But regardless of my theory… let’s not lose sight of the fact that “Presidents are selected, not elected.”― Franklin Roosevelt. I wish more of us remembered that. I wish we remembered that politics is really a game show designed to give the illusion of choice, when really we are are simply “voting” for the same big club who “don’t give a f**k about us”, as George Carlin eloquently expressed. Solution: (Most Important Part Of This Blog) I believe we are missing a crucial piece of the puzzle: The understanding that corrupt politicians and evil bankers aren’t the cause of all the world’s ills, but are symptoms of an ill consciousness . Think about it. The rulers behind this system have got to see themselves as separate from everything and everyone, for them to so ruthlessly plunder the earth and enslave humanity for their own immediate benefit. They have got to live through an anxious state of “me/mine/more” to carry on with their insane power-hungry agendas. Now think about how many of us – even in our more “awakened state”– still operate from that same fearful, insecure and disconnected place. Think we’re going to make more wholistic and empowered choices personally and as a society, if we are still so caught up in our personal egos, fears and agendas? “Seek to overcome that in yourself which most disturbs you in other people.” ― Thomas à Kempis All wonderful initiatives and heart-based businesses that already exist in the world are run by people who have undergone a profound transformation of their own consciousness – where they saw that they are INTERCONNECTED with everything and everyone and are here to contribute and uplift the world. (Here’s an example , and another , and another , and many others here …) Therefore, all of the world’s issues are issues of CONSCIOUSNESS, not of politics. It is our consciousness that shape our political and business models. It is our consciousness that shape the quality of our relationships, choices and actions. And it is the quality of our relationships, choices and actions that shape our world. The goal isn’t to simply branch off into a “better system” or elect “better leaders”. It is to transform our own consciousness which will in turn result in us creating better systems… and becoming better leaders ourselves. Here is a wonderful quote from the book Ishmael: An Adventure of the Mind and Spirit (that I am so about to order): “There’s nothing fundamentally wrong with people. Given a story to enact that puts them in accord with the world, they will live in accord with the world. But given a story to enact that puts them at odds with the world, as yours does, they will live at odds with the world. Given a story to enact in which they are the lords of the world, they will ACT like lords of the world. And, given a story to enact in which the world is a foe to be conquered, they will conquer it like a foe, and one day, inevitably, their foe will lie bleeding to death at their feet, as the world is now.” What stories are we feeding our minds and hearts with? What state of being are we letting be the fuel to our actions (or inaction)? The answer to these questions is what shapes our world. I’ll end this blog with a speech by Martin Luther King, which I believe is how we should all begin rethinking about what kind of world-changers we wish to be : “And I say to you, I have also decided to stick with love, for I know that love is ultimately the only answer to humankind’s problems. And I’m going to talk about it everywhere I go. For I have seen too much hate. […] and I say to myself that hate is too great a burden to bear. I have decided to love. If you are seeking the highest good, I think you can find it through love. And the beautiful thing is that we aren’t moving wrong when we do it, because John was right, God is love. He who hates does not know God, but he who loves has the key that unlocks the door to the meaning of ultimate reality. And so I say to you today, my friends, that you may be able to speak with the tongues of men and angels; you may have the eloquence of articulate speech; but if you have not love, it means nothing. Yes, you may have the gift of prophecy; you may have the gift of scientific prediction and understand the behavior of molecules; you may break into the storehouse of nature and bring forth many new insights; yes, you may ascend to the heights of academic achievement so that you have all knowledge; and you may boast of your great institutions of learning and the boundless extent of your degrees; but if you have not love, all of these mean absolutely nothing.” Because the world won’t benefit from what we know. It will benefit from who we are. Be the solution. Be the best person you can be for yourself and those around you. Get involved in something meaningful. Create a situation that is so positive and uplifting around you, that it won’t matter who is president of the United States. When we become the change, the world will have no other choice but to adapt. With all my heart,",0
12715,"Fed Hikes Key Interest Rate, Signals Economic Strength - Breitbart","The Federal Reserve increased its key interest rate by 0. 25 percent on Wednesday, signaling the Fed’s continued confidence in the improving U. S. economy. [Fed officials raised its target for   interest rates by 0. 25 percentage points to a range of 0. 75 percent and 1. 00 percent.  This is just the third time in a decade that the Fed has raised rates. The first was in December 2015 and the second in December 2016. The Fed is widely expected to hike its target rate multiple times this year as the economy shows signs of continued strength. “The Committee expects that economic conditions will evolve in a manner that will warrant gradual increases in the federal funds rate,” the Fed said in a statement announcing the rate hike. The Fed slashed its target rate to zero in 2008 in reaction to the financial crisis. It then deployed various unconventional monetary tools in an attempt to lower   rates even further. The rate increase means that the Fed is confident that the U. S. economy can withstand higher rates, with consumers and businesses less needful of very low rates to sustain economic growth and price stability. Recent data on job creation, business confidence, consumer optimism, and inflation has made it clear that the economy has been growing stronger since the election of Donald Trump as president. “Solid income gains and relatively high levels of consumer sentiment and wealth have supported household spending growth. Business investment, which was soft for much of last year, has firm somewhat and business sentiment is at favorable levels,” Fed chair Janet Yellen said at the start of her   press conference. While Fed officials hinted that the Fed could raise rates at a faster pace this year, Wednesday’s statement shows that Fed officials still expect to raise rates just two more times this year. The   view of rates got slightly more hawkish, indicating a small move upward in rate expectations over the next few years. Fed chair Janet Yellen will hold a news conference discussing the Fed’s views of the economy at 2:30 pm eastern.",0
12716,Lego refuse to build Trump’s wall,"November 13, 2016 
Under the hashtag ‘StopFundingHate’ the Danish firm have ceased collaboration with Republicans, The Daily Mail and James Corden’s agent. Citing ethical reasons, the toy manufacturer said they would continue to make Star Wars-themed Death Stars but had declined to Donald Trump’s request for a ‘full-sized’ one. 
Despite being the nemesis of bare feet everywhere, Lego were keen to distance themselves from any negative publicity – withdrawing from plans for a Lego Boko Haram ‘Adventure Playground’, Lego Kim Jong-Un with Missile Launcher and Lego Mrs Brown’s Boys ‘House of Fun’. Instead their focus will be on a ‘Brexit Box of Bricks'; which lacks any plan and, despite promises on the packaging, can not be used to build any hospitals whatsoever. 
Lego’s rejection leaves Mr. Trump no choice but to assemble his 2,000 mile wall out of pulped copies of the Koran; held together with ‘whatever the hell’ he uses as hair glue. Sadly Mexico had already agreed to pay for the construction costs, but, like most parents this Christmas, had balked at the material cost of using Lego. 
Meanwhile The Daily Mail will no longer give away toys but will continue to dispense fear for free. Likewise Mr. Trump has said he will keep his election promises without Lego; replacing Obamacare with ‘Doc McStuffins’, waterboarding with ‘Super Soakers’ and any non-compliant women with ‘Barbie’– or Ivana as she is known. Share this story... 
  Wrenfoe   Wrenfoe ..",0
12717,"Scarborough: 9th Circuit Ruling Is ’Laughable,’ ’Will Be Overturned’ - Breitbart","Friday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” host Joe Scarborough criticized the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruling on President Donald Trump’s executive order halting immigration from seven predominantly Muslim countries.  Scarborough said that although he thought the executive order was bad policy, the appeals court’s ruling was “laughable” and he said it will be overturned. “Our law professors always told us  —   bad facts made bad law,” he said. “Horrific facts coupled with horrific politics makes for horrific law. That’s exactly what happened here. ” “This decision, though, is laughable,” Scarborough conitnued. “This is, for me, the most disturbing part of the entire case. And by the way, at the end, this isn’t going to matter because I think the White House is going to fix it up, briefly fix it up. They could do a couple quick changes and take care of these problems. But the Ninth said, ‘The government has pointed to no evidence that any alien from any of the countries named in the order have perpetrated a terrorist attack in the United States.’ As if it is the executive branches job to actually get the Intel community in and say these are all the things that are going to happen. No, in fact, Barack Obama worked with a bipartisan Congress to come up with these seven countries, not because there was specific attacks, but because they saw deteriorating security situation that they wanted to remedy. They wanted to prevent attacks. That’s the entire purpose of that. ” “This will be overturned,” he added.",0
12718,Maajid Nawaz’s Radical Ambition - The New York Times,"I met Maajid Nawaz on a drizzly afternoon in March, tucked in a corner of the restaurant at the central London members’ club he uses as a satellite office. He was dabbing the chicken from his Caesar salad into a mound of yellow English mustard, which he stopped doing for long enough to load a video on his iPhone and slide it across the table. It showed the Southern Poverty Law Center’s Heidi Beirich, speaking at Duke University about him. “Let me just give you an example of Maajid Nawaz  —   our problem with him,” she says. “He believes that all mosques should be surveilled. In other words, his opinion is that all Muslims are potential terrorists. ” Nawaz, a Muslim himself, bristled with frustration at the claim. In fact, he explained, he is on record making the case against collective surveillance. A former Islamist, for the past nine years Nawaz has made a name for himself as an indefatigable   activist. These days he blends seamlessly into the sort of cosmopolitan circles that extremists decry at his club, dressed in an olive bomber jacket over fitted workout sweats, he could have been a senior marketing exec or a   director. At 39, Nawaz is handsome and vaguely famous looking in person, prematurely   with a widow’s peak and Mephistophelean soul patch that punctuates a politician’s easy smile. Whenever I saw him, he dapped me with one of those    that, to anyone of a certain age, serves as shorthand for an adolescence steeped in the manners of  . For Nawaz’s detractors, of whom there are many, it’s this very chameleon quality, this   in disparate roles and spaces, that has earned him a reputation as something of a charlatan, a preening opportunist cashing in on his own sensational travails by means of society’s abundant   bias. This uncharitable narrative has shadowed him from the outset, yet his point of view has only grown more relevant after an exceptionally violent 2016 that saw coordinated suicide bombings in Brussels and Istanbul a mass shooting in a nightclub in Orlando the ambush and execution of a police officer and his partner near Paris a Bastille Day slaughter in Nice ax and suicide bomb attacks in Bavaria the throat slitting of a Catholic priest in a church in Normandy   bombs in Manhattan and New Jersey and a massacre at a Christmas market in Berlin. And on March 22 this year in London, a man mowed down pedestrians with his car near Parliament before stabbing a police constable to death. With each grisly new assault  —   and the specter of Syria and the Islamic State looming beyond it  —   the voices of hatred and reaction in the United States and throughout Britain and Europe found not only sympathetic ears but also willing hands to pull levers in the voting booths. Throughout the upheaval and backlash, Nawaz has remained a constant presence in the media: on “Real Time With Bill Maher,” trying to draw a distinction between religion and political dogma in his book, “Islam and the Future of Tolerance” (  with the prominent “new atheist” Sam Harris) insisting that Islamism does have something to do with Islam and that ISIS in fact possesses a plausible if terribly ungenerous interpretation of the Quran. But whatever role Nawaz enjoys as a public intellectual is inextricable from his personal celebrity as a former fundamentalist. His work is his story, and his story is his celebrity. In order to make his case against radicalism, he finds himself in the not entirely enviable position of nonstop  . On this front, he’s as busy as ever. He is finishing a documentary based on his book with Harris, but foremost on Nawaz’s mind these days is the 2017 opening of the first new chapter of his   organization, the Quilliam Foundation, in the United States. “Lots of Muslims in America are basically liberals, but if you don’t have a visibly   presence, then the Trumps of this world win” through   and misrepresentation, he says. “Our presence is needed in America to reassure the mainstream, whereas our presence is needed in Europe to stop radicalization. ” Despite such deliberate affirmations and qualifications, there is nonetheless confusion as to where Nawaz’s sympathies actually lie. According to Vice News, he has earned a “terrorism” designation on Thomson Reuters   a   database. (Thomson Reuters would not confirm this.) But, last October, the Southern Poverty Law Center took the incredible step of including him on a “Field Guide to   Extremists,” which they published with three other research organizations. The guide listed 15 public figures, and Nawaz was the only Muslim among them. (This is why Beirich brought him up at Duke.) He was visibly furious whenever the topic came up and told me he plans to crowdfund a legal response. Though he and his allies, and even some of his opponents, have complained to the S. P. L. C.  —   there is a change. org petition to remove him and the   atheist Ayaan Hirsi Ali, which has garnered almost 12, 000 signatures  —   the group has not wavered on its position, the costs of which have already been real for Quilliam. Nawaz claims that the listing has compromised some funding for the organization. “I consider myself a liberal and wanted to work with liberals,” he said, shaking his head. In reality, his views on Islamic extremism are more complex than these labels allow, which is, arguably, one of the more compelling reasons to listen to him on the subject. Early in Nawaz’s 2012 memoir, “Radical: My Journey Out of Islamist Extremism,” there’s an   scene. The narrator, an irreligious, N. W. A.  child, has resorted to strapping a knife under his shirt for fear of the gangs of skinheads that stalk his Essex suburb, Southend. He is 15, and on this afternoon, he is with his older brother, Kaashif (identified by a pseudonym in the book) and a friend who has converted to Islam. Neighborhood racists have chased the boys with baseball bats and now have them cornered and outnumbered. The skinheads’ leader steps forward and asks to talk. Kaashif gestures to the side of the road, where he and the skinhead fall into a tense and private discussion. When the two return, the skinheads begin to retreat. Incredulous, Maajid demands to know what his brother has told them. Kaashif says he told the skinhead, “We’re Muslims, and we don’t fear death”  —   and, furthermore, that he was carrying a bomb in his backpack. The anecdote, which surfaces repeatedly in “Radical” and ultimately swells to the dimensions of a creation myth, is quintessential Nawaz. On one hand, it’s a distillation of his larger rhetorical project, capturing the confused and painful textures of contemporary Muslim experience that can lead to the embrace of Islamism: an initial lack of familiarity with religion local grievance spun into a narrative of global victimization a tribal relation to other Muslims beyond racial and ethnic categorization the illusion of empowerment through threat of violence. On the other hand, it has become emblematic of the cantankerous, highly personal discourse that clings to the man himself: For a number of reasons  —   more on which later  —   many of his critics have come to claim that the anecdote is pure fabrication. What’s indisputable is that soon after that day in Southend, first following Kaashif’s example but then with a fervency that was entirely his own, Nawaz threw himself into his new identity, falling under the sway of Nasim Ghani, a charismatic young recruiter and future leader of the British branch of Hizb   a multinational Islamic revolutionary organization founded in 1953 in Jerusalem. H. T. as Nawaz refers to it, advocates the imposition of Shariah law through “bloodless” coups in   countries first and ultimately in the West as well. In other words, these were Islamists but not jihadists, and the distinction isn’t frivolous. Still, the line is a porous one: Two H. T. leaders, Anjem Choudary and Omar Bakri Mohammad, would go on to lead a splinter group of a far more deadly variety. In September 2001, after stints of organizing and recruiting for H. T. in London and Pakistan, Nawaz took his first wife and their infant son to Alexandria, Egypt, where he posed as an   student while secretly proselytizing for the group. Though H. T. is legal in Britain, it is banned in many   countries, including Egypt. In 2002, at 24, Nawaz was forcibly removed from his home, blindfolded and thrown in the back of a van, one more Islamist caught up in the wide and extralegal international crackdown on extremism in the wake of  . He spent his next four years in Egyptian prisons, where he claims to have witnessed torture and where, in his solitude, he was able to memorize half of the Quran. A pivotal moment in Nawaz’s moral education came when news of the   attacks in London reached the inmates at Tora, Egypt’s prison notorious for holding political dissidents. Four attackers bombed a bus and three subway trains, claiming 52 lives. Nawaz writes that he suddenly “felt revulsion” at the human cost of his ideas. A man Nawaz calls Omar, a Dagestani bomb maker, had celebrated the slaughter. Nawaz is a hero in his own telling of the ensuing exchange: He claims to have debated Omar for the entirety of the day about the legitimacy of killing British civilians, until the latter eventually conceded defeat. Nawaz writes, “I felt that I had saved many future lives. ” In 2004, Amnesty International adopted Nawaz as a prisoner of conscience and secured his return to London two years later. His was not an overnight epiphany, but within two more years, he had graduated from the School of Oriental and African Studies at the University of London, renounced Islamism and H. T. and publicly reinvented himself as an advocate for liberal democracy: a   expert on preventing radicalization. His enemies, a long list made up of family members,   and former H. T. associates, have publicly questioned his conversion narrative. Ian Nisbet, a white convert to Islam who was jailed with Nawaz in Egypt, told a reporter from Alternet that Nawaz remained a fanatical Islamist after he was freed. Indeed, back in England, Nawaz appeared on the BBC’s “Hardtalk” program and declared that his experience in Egypt left him convinced “that there is a need to establish this caliphate as soon as possible. ” In his defense, Nawaz claims that making a clean break with a former life is both difficult and genuinely confusing. He rather colorfully compares it to a breakup with a lover. (Nawaz and his first wife split up around the time of his departure from H. T.) He has also insisted that his public positions were in part strategic: He didn’t want to tip his hand to H. T. until he had his exit plans in place. Whatever the case, that same year, alongside a college friend named Ed Husain, who had already made a name for himself with his own   memoir, “The Islamist,” Nawaz   the Quilliam Foundation, which they named for William Quilliam, a British convert who opened one of Britain’s first mosques in the late 1880s. Quilliam’s first headquarters occupied the ground floor of a     rowhouse overlooking the verdure of Russell Square, practically the same view T. S. Eliot would have had when he worked at Faber  Faber, and just a block from two of the sites of the   attacks. As his critics constantly stress, Nawaz’s timing was convenient the British government was then looking to finance   organizations and provided Quilliam with early funding. Nawaz, then, is somewhat like British Petroleum when it is tasked with cleaning up a catastrophic oil spill: His main qualification to do this kind of decontamination work is precisely his experience as a contaminator. As recently as the   Islamist ideology was unpopular in British Muslim communities. “We would have to convince people of something that is strange to them,” he told me of those days. “We had to really hone our argumentative skills and our ability to convince and influence people as that vanguard of the Islamist movement in the West. ” He insists his background as an Islamist is what allows him and others at Quilliam today not only to pinpoint Islamism’s weaknesses but also to employ the very same tenacious ability to communicate ideas and influence people for the purpose now of advocating liberal values. “They’re transferable skills” is how he once put it to me. What Nawaz seems to understand better than any of the other critics of Islam he’s so often lumped with is that Islamism is cool  —   and it is cool in some of the same ways that punk rock and gangsta rap and macho rebellion in general, whether symbolic or real, are perennially seductive. As a result, countering it will have to mean finding ways to, as he puts it, “make it cool to be a liberal Muslim. ” And that may be harder than it seems. While the vast majority of British Muslims today are certainly not flocking to join groups like H. T.  —   and many who have never been attracted to the ideology justifiably find it irritating to be lectured by a man who was  —   a sobering number nonetheless have expressed views that would be very much at home in even more extreme precincts. An online poll done in Britain following the   bombings, for example, showed that more than a fifth of British Muslims felt some sympathy for the bombers’ feelings and motives more than half said they could understand the bombers’ behavior and nearly a third agreed that “Western society is decadent and immoral and that Muslims should seek to bring it to an end” by nonviolent means. One incredible Gallup report from 2009 found that 0 percent of British Muslims viewed homosexual acts as morally acceptable. Though it is not at all clear what pushes any given individual to cross the line into violence, attitudes like these are what Nawaz and Quilliam have controversially described as the “mood music” to terrorist acts. It is this last contention that seems to be the crux of the S. P. L. C. complaint against Nawaz, along with the disclosure that, in 2010, Quilliam provided a list of nonviolent “Islamist” organizations to a British counterterrorism official. But Nawaz justifies the move by arguing that the distinction between violent and nonviolent Islamism is far less rigid than many liberals would like to think. “Now when these guys are joining ISIS, the arguments have been made,” he told me. “What they’re doing is just putting that last piece in the jigsaw: ‘I’m going to go and fight for this cause.’ But the ideology’s already been established. The surveys and the polls tell you that. ” Before Quilliam moved late last year to an undisclosed location for security reasons, I visited Nawaz on several occasions. The organization hummed with the energy and sense of mission of a tech  . On one side were doors leading into a large and crowded room where   analysts, academics and imams were doing the intellectual grunt work that the foundation demands. On the other was the modest office Nawaz used for himself. Though he is the face of the organization, he is hardly the only employee with an exotic résumé. On my first visit, my eyes fixed on a small prayer rug draped neatly over the arm of a desk chair. “Oh, that’s for him!” Nawaz quickly clarified, referring to his officemate, Noman Benotman, the current president of the organization and a former jihadist who fought the Soviets in Afghanistan, tried to violently depose Muammar Gaddafi in the 1990s and later worked with Osama bin Laden and Ayman   in Sudan. Back across the hall there was also Dr. Usama Hasan, the head of Islamic studies at the organization. The son of a conservative and influential Salafi sheikh, Hasan used a break from his studies at Cambridge to engage in jihad against the Soviets in Afghanistan (on a scale of    he told me, “our group maybe got up to about five”). And yet, in 2011, after waging holy war in the east and after 25 years of service at his father’s London mosque, that kind of effort didn’t count for very much when he came under attack by  . He was forced to stop delivering Friday prayers when 50 Muslim protesters stormed his lecture and openly called for his execution. His offense had been to venture that Islam could be compatible with modern theories of evolution and that Muslim women should be allowed to uncover their hair in public. Aside from the life experience of some of its members and the issuance of the occasional   Quilliam is a standard    think tank: a body of experts conducting research and providing advice and ideas on specific political or social problems in support of liberal democracy. The group works to shape public opinion from the top down, making frequent media appearances, publishing reports that aim for the highest levels of government (such as a critical 2009 investigation into the ways British prisons incubate extremism) and periodically advising government ministers and heads of state on matters of terrorism. But they also engage ordinary Muslims and   alike through outreach work, organizing debate and training programs in Europe and the Middle East. All of this ought to make Quilliam a natural ally of progressives and of institutions like the Southern Poverty Law Center, whose mission, after all, is to advocate for the vulnerable. Yet that has not been the case. Nawaz’s layered arguments and concessions  —   his insistence, for example, that Islam does have something to do with Islamism  —   provoke a visceral suspicion among those who are concerned with fighting Islamophobia above all. A term that you will hear with frequency from Nawaz is “the regressive left,” as in purportedly progressive institutions like the S. P. L. C. that, often starting from a legitimate concern that Muslims en masse not be persecuted for the actions of a few, nonetheless embody a perplexingly backward   when it comes to Islam. “It’s an Orientalist fetish,” Nawaz says, “a deeply socially conservative Muslim who is medieval in their outlook is a ‘real’ Muslim, and anyone who’s challenging that status quo is a sellout. ” The left has, in Nawaz’s view, forfeited what’s best about the liberal project, entirely conceding the right to speak in moral absolutes and about universal values. “The problem is you can’t draw a line with that reasoning: Why is what ISIS is doing bad, then?” A core idea Quilliam espouses is that space must be claimed for secular identities within Islam the measure of Muslim authenticity would then be a matter of individual imagination and will, not a test to pass or fail. In other words, he would like to see many more Muslims thinking, speaking and acting like him. Which is a big part of the reason it’s impossible to think of Quilliam independent of the outsize figure cut by its   and why so much debate about the validity of the organization’s ideas comes down to a question of being for or against Nawaz. Attack pieces about Nawaz have practically become their own literary genre. In the summer of 2015, The Guardian ran a deeply critical story about him, which questioned the integrity of Nawaz’s work with the Cameron administration and took him to task for, among other misdeeds, “sipping a skinny flat white” coffee in front of the reporter. This was followed, in January 2016, by a hard takedown at The New Republic, whose writer, Nathan Lean, had earlier referred on Twitter to Nawaz as Sam Harris’s “lap dog. ” Roughly a week after that piece came a longer, even more personal attack at Alternet, which stood out in its attempt to debunk, scene by scene, the events in “Radical. ” The authors revisited the subject of the bomb in the backpack and quoted Nawaz’s older brother as well as an anonymous cousin, who called the story “imaginary. ” (Many of the sources in the Alternet article seem concerned that Kaashif’s ruse in the anecdote might be taken literally.) When I asked him about it, Nawaz was dismissive. “You go to a deeply wounded brother that loved me all of his life, and I turn out to be not who he aspires for me to be,” he said. “As a journalist, you can exploit that. ” He shrugged soberly. It is undeniable that one advantage, and shortcoming, of memoir as a form lies in its ability to dominate the reader through an empirical imbalance that can never be resolved in its entirety. Arguments, when unsound, can be negated, but who can negate another person’s lived experience? It is a rhetorical tactic that is, in fact, most at home on the left, where personal stories of grievance and oppression are typically set in opposition to the status quo in the wider society. Perhaps, then, this is why so much attention has been paid to Nawaz’s biography. If his life story can be shown to be contrived, the deeper message, however compelling, can be   dismissed: Not only is the messenger’s life not a genuine Muslim life, when seen from this angle, it may even prove to be an   life. I saw Nawaz in New York in September, while he was in town   for Quilliam’s American chapter. We had made plans to meet at a Soho hotel for a drink, but he was running late. When I asked after him, the concierge either didn’t know his real name or pretended not to. Nawaz and Benotman have been targeted by Al Qaeda and ISIS affiliates, and he travels under an alias. When he finally arrived, we went down to the bar, and he was in wonderful spirits. He’s been criticized in the British press for drinking and receiving a lap dance at a strip club, but in situations like this, it’s strange to think of Nawaz as having been anything like a humorless extremist. Yet the bind he has made for himself is a real one: He has to prove that liberal, moderate Islam can be “cool,” while not coming off as too hip to convince the left of his Muslim authenticity. He runs the very real risk of satisfying no one. It reminded me of an observation that had been running through my head since the previous winter, when Quilliam opened an art exhibit in London called “The Unbreakable Rope. ” Billed as “an exploration of sexuality in Islam,” the show was   by Nawaz’s second wife, Rachel Maggart (the couple had their first child in January) a lanky    brunette from Tennessee by way of N. Y. U. In addition to the regular Quilliam bodyguards, there were plainclothes counterterrorism officers monitoring the site. Inside the venue, a shirtless, tattooed Kuwaiti performance artist did preparatory stretches with his assistant and a crystal ball. He would eventually be tied up in a corset and left on the floor for guests to contemplate. The crowd sipped wine and soft drinks and milled about the sparsely hung, mildly provocative artwork, which was in fact beside the point. The point, of course, was that they were even daring to do this in the first place. I fell into conversation with Nawaz’s mother and little sister and lost track of time as the space filled up all around us. There were whites, blacks, Persians, Arabs people looked devout and nondevout, gay, straight, young and old. Standing next to me was a man with the voluminous beard of a cleric, turned out in an   djellaba, ironed as crisply as a bedsheet at the Ritz, a pair of Nike Air Force 1s and a   New Era cap printed with a   expletive. He looked like a cross between the leader of Hezbollah and the Bay Area rapper Lil B. The room darkened and quieted, and Nawaz, brimming with life, stepped into the middle of the crowd, whose diversity he lauded, and thanked them all for coming. Like the   he once aspired to be, he thrills to the sound of his own voice flowing through the microphone. “The first thing they do is try to silence us, and the first to suffer are the creators!” he told the room to enthusiastic applause. “But while you throw gays off the rooftops, we who are Muslims want to respond like this!” As I watched Nawaz bask in the applause of his most earnest admirers and glanced back at the walls adorned with such unbearably unhip art, the enormity of his task pressed itself upon me. After all, Islamism, like good art, is innately subversive it captures diffuse feelings of alienation in a way that is difficult to fabricate. And therein lies the biggest challenge confronting Quilliam in Europe and, as it seeks to expand, in America: Though Nawaz himself is a star, there is something both noble and perilously square about this kind of    forced secularism. Yet I’m convinced that Nawaz really does have his finger on the pulse of one of the most urgent problems of the contemporary era, a problem that is far too often mishandled or greeted with   denial, through ignorance, hatred and fear, certainly, but also as a result of the very best of intentions. Without having planned to, I found myself at the hotel bar in New York opening up to Nawaz about a recent train ride my wife and I made in France. I watched an agitated young Arab man and his wife, in full abaya, shut themselves inside the bathroom along with all of their luggage. When they opened the door, the hair on my neck stood up, and I braced myself for a fusillade that never came. Even as I chastised myself for overreacting, I was convinced that the man continued to behave strangely. My shame increased with each moment nothing happened. Nawaz listened intently to my story, but his eyes showed he’d long since arrived at his answer. “You’re caught in a classically   situation,” he said. “You’ve got two competing forces, which are entirely legitimate. One is not wanting to racially profile, and the other is not wanting to be the neighbor of the San Bernardino shooter who didn’t want to profile and, as a result, people lose their lives. Or, more urgently, [you] just don’t want to be the first person to catch a bullet! On a human level, that is a perfectly natural reaction. The fact that you’re having these doubts is a good thing. ” Though he meant this defense of human prejudice to reassure me, it did not. I almost wish he had accused me of Islamophobia  —   at least then the conversation might have achieved a certain    clarity. But Nawaz, the consummate   thinker, then took care to layer on several more shades of gray. “I literally just tweeted, five minutes before coming to see you, a picture of a blond ISIS child  —   a child with blond hair  —   helping to execute people,” he said, producing on his phone a shocking image of a very young, Eastern   boy holding a gun in the desert. “I said, ‘Trump, how you gonna profile this? ’’u2009”",0
12719,Terrifying Toxic Chemicals To Avoid This Halloween,"in: General Health , News Articles , Toxins Halloween is creeping near, are you prepared? Before you make a mad dash to the nearest costume shop, consider this—do you know what’s in your costume? Your masks and makeup? Terrifying toxins! Catastrophic chemicals! Horrifying harbingers of–ok, alright. You probably get the idea. Festive Halloween accouterments can be loaded with harmful chemicals and toxic metals. It can be difficult to resist a low-price costume produced with cheaply-sourced goods, but there are a few good reasons why you should consider more than price when deciding which Halloween products to buy. Chemicals in Costumes, Accessories, and Decorations Costumes, accessories, and decorations from most major national Halloween retailers contain chemicals and additives that have been linked to health issues such as reproductive problems, developmental delays, and even cancer. [ 1 ] PVC, Phthalates, and Dioxins In one evaluation of nearly 150 Halloween products, one-third contained PVC (polyvinyl chloride), a known endocrine disruptor. [ 1 ] Additionally, PVC fabric is frequently treated with chemicals known as phthalates . Children are susceptible to the ill-effects of phthalates which include premature puberty, birth defects, liver problems, and testicular cancer later in life. [ 2 ] PVC products also contain dioxins, chemicals that are classified carcinogens and cause reproductive issues and learning delays. [ 3 ] Lead Contamination Lead is another toxin that often contaminates cheap foreign goods, especially Chinese imports, including food and children’s toys. [ 4 ] It shouldn’t be a surprise that lead’s insidious reach extends to Halloween products. In 2012, the US federal government seized over 1400 Halloween costumes of Chinese origin due to lead levels that were 10 times higher than the allowed maximum. [ 5 ] Many lead-contaminated costumes or props have a piece or two that will, at some point, find its way into a child’s mouth. The seized items included pirate costumes that had an eye patch that contained over 40 times the legal maximum limit for lead. [ 6 ] Lead poisoning is exceptionally hazardous to children. It interferes with calcium, is toxic to proteins, and has a severely negative effect on nerve function. Exposure to lead is even linked to cognitive and hearing impairment. Lead exposure threatens fetal development as well. Pregnant women who have been exposed to lead may experience miscarriage, premature birth, or have undersized babies. [ 7 ] Flame Retardants Fabrics that have been treated with flame retardants are another concern with respect to Halloween costume safety. Such fabrics are often contaminated with antimony [ 8 ] and other dangerous chemicals . Exposure to antimony trioxide, a common flame retardant applied to fabrics, is linked to sharp increases in peripheral arterial disease (PAD), [ 9 ] which is a condition that causes atherosclerotic plaque to form in the arteries. [ 10 ] Some flame retardants are especially dangerous to children because their chemical structure is similar to developmental neurotoxins, like organophosphate pesticides, which affect brain development. [ 11 ] Toxic Makeup and Glow Sticks Many people don’t consider that the skin is their largest organ and one of the first contact points for toxins. Makeup, in general, is something to watch out for, as toxic metals frequently contaminate cosmetics . [ 12 , 13 ] Some face painting kits for children also contain high levels of lead, arsenic, mercury, cadmium, and antimony, all of which are especially toxic to the kidneys and the immune, reproductive, and nervous systems. [ 14 ] Glow sticks and glow jewelry seem like a harmless way to stay visible while trick-or-treating, but the chemicals in those plastic tubes do pose a threat. Dibutyl phthalate (DBP) and anthracene, two chemicals found in glow sticks, can be poisonous. But, to be fair to glow sticks, the amount contained is usually too small to cause problems in humans. A more likely scenario is a child or pet getting DBP in their eyes, mouth, or on their skin. For children, the effects range from skin irritation or mild chemical burns to nausea and vomiting if ingested. [ 15 ] Pets have a similar reaction—they may drool profusely, retch, vomit, or paw at their mouths if they made the mistake of chewing on a stray glow bracelet. [ 16 ] A sick pet or child can ruin your evening, so forego the glow sticks or make sure no one tries to cut (or bite) them open. How to Have a Healthy, Happy Halloween We’re not here to ruin Halloween for you—we want you to have the safest, healthiest, and happiest Halloween possible! There are safe alternatives that render the hazardous options completely unnecessary. Of course, you could perform a full body detox , but reducing your exposure to toxins in the first place is a better strategy. When assembling your costume, examine the labels before purchasing. Or, better yet, make your own costumes and accessories yourself with non-toxic materials. The Top 5 Ways To Ensure a Toxin-Free Halloween Look for makeup kits labeled non-toxic, and make sure they are produced in a country with strict regulations on consumer goods. Wash off makeup before bed. Wear a wig instead of temporary spray-on hair color, as they often contain VOCs. [ 17 ] Avoid plastic teeth as they tend to be softened with phthalates. [ 18 ] Check labels on costumes and accessories for vinyl (polyvinyl chloride or PVC) and flame retardants. Limit candy consumption, avoid corn syrup and synthetic food dyes . Healthy Treats Are Important, Too Toxic costumes aren’t the only potential problem. Conventional Halloween fare is too sugary, over-processed, and full of preservatives and stabilizers. It’s difficult to resist all the Halloween cakes, cookies, and candy, but you can easily find recipes that recreate the traditional treats with legitimately healthy ingredients like cashews, chia seeds, and dark chocolate. Autumn is a time to be indulgent — in a healthy way. Try our dessert recipes for great-tasting and good-for-you alternatives, like the vegan custard-stuffed pumpkin . Do you have any tips for enjoying a happy, healthy Halloween? Leave a comment below and share your thoughts. References",0
12720,BREAKING: World's Smartest Computer Just Predicted The Election! And The Winner Is... * LIBERTY WRITERS NEWS,"0 
This is the news everyone has been waiting. A Super Computer in India, which correctly predicted our ENTIRE Primary season, was just used to predict the results of the US Presidential election. 
The computer took into account more than 20 Million data points across the US, factoring in things most groups ignore like interaction of Facebook, Twitter, and Google, and came up with this as it’s final result… DONALD TRUMP WILL DEFINITELY WIN THE US ELECTION!! 
The Program, known as MoglA, was developed back in 2004 by an Indian developer named Sanjiv Rai. It has since been collecting Data and learning from every US election cycle, and has predicted every single trend since then. 
The news gets even better, though! As if it were not enough already that Trump is predicted to win, …He has also beat Barack Obama’s peak engagement figures from back in 2008 by 25 Percent!!! 
Now that is something the Lamestream media does NOT want you to know about. 
So I say Nate Silver and all the other Hillary shill pollsters can suck it! The Super Computer has spoken, and the winner is Donald Trump. 
Now it’s up to us to get this shared out all across Facebook so the world sees that the Revolution is REAL! ",0
12721,"‘Why Me?’ Echoed in Ralph Branca’s World, Even Before a Doomed Pitch - The New York Times","In 1902, a seamstress named Katherine Berger married a   conductor named John Branca and spent half of the next 26 years pregnant, giving birth 17 times. One of her children, Ralph Theodore, grew taller than the others. And he was a teenager, the only Branca to reach 6 feet, when he began to wonder why he alone had been so physically blessed. “He used to say,” his brother John remembered, “‘Why did God give me this gift of being bigger and stronger?’ He used to say, ‘Why me?’ quite often. ” Branca had long since found his answer when, on Oct. 3, 1951, he looked to his catcher for the sign. Branca was now 6 feet 3 inches tall and weighed 220 pounds, a big   able to throw a baseball over 90 miles an hour. And as he threw the fastball that was called for at 3:58 p. m. the Brooklyn Dodger had long since decided that he had been made big and strong so as to shoulder responsibility for his family. But then the New York Giants batter, Bobby Thomson, swung. And all at once, Branca, then 25, was left not only as baseball’s most famous loser but in want of another answer to that same desperate question: Why me? To hear Branca tell it, he did not let the unremitting aftershocks of the Thomson home run  —   the famed Shot Heard Round the World  —   unsettle him, not on the major league fields where he pitched five more years, nor off them, where he lived another 65 until dying on Wednesday at age 90. Rather, he said, it took him mere hours to find his footing. For after a cold and tearful shower, he had posed his question to a Jesuit priest in the parking lot at the Polo Grounds and received an answer that made sense to him. God had chosen him to endure what was already a blow of biblical proportion, the priest said, because his faith was strong enough to bear it. And it was strong enough. Branca had found faith as a boy in the Roman Catholic church in Mount Vernon, N. Y. where his mother, Kati, had sent her brood to pray. And in the days and months that followed the Thomson home run, Branca kept that faith as he endured public discourtesy. Branca would be O. K. He had God and baseball and, 17 days after the home run, a wife, a   beauty in white satin named Ann Mulvey, who had already taken him for better and for worse. Yes, he had failed afield. But he was at peace. But then, three years later, in 1954, he wasn’t. For a pitcher named Ted Gray told Branca that the Giants had cheated, had bested him not only with a bat of ash but also with a telescope and buzzer. They had, Gray said, spied on the catcher’s signals and relayed them to the Giants batters  —   including Thomson. (Whether Thomson availed himself of that stolen sign on that famous pitch from Branca, only he knew.) And so, suddenly, Branca no longer saw himself as a man who had failed but as a man who had been wronged. He grew bitter. And even after he retired, pitching insurance instead of baseballs, his question  —   Why me?  —   rang in his ears. Branca tried to exonerate himself. In 1962, for example, when a reporter asked him to pose with Thomson at an old timers’ day event, he refused. “It’s taken years to live down that hurt,” Branca told Sports Illustrated. “If you want a picture, take one of the guy with the binoculars who was stealing our signs that day. ” He added, “I’m human. ” Few listened, however. And as the years passed, Branca began to appear beside Thomson nonetheless, the old pitcher heartened by religion, by St. Joseph, whom he selected as a boy to be his patron saint, and by St. Christopher, whose likeness he had been wearing around his neck when he gave up the home run. As for the home run, it continued to soar  —   written about by everyone from Steinbeck to Kerouac to DeLillo, christened by The Sporting News as baseball’s greatest moment, honored on a stamp. Branca thirsted for reassessment. And so, when in 2001, I laid bare in The Wall Street Journal the   scheme the Giants employed straight through the home run that divided Branca’s life as surely as a line of chalk parts fair from foul on the diamond, Branca was thankful. “You loosened my lips,” he told me over and again. Those lips spoke increasingly of those achievements that the Shot Heard Round the World had drowned out, had taken from public memory. And there were many. It was Branca who willfully stood beside Jackie Robinson on opening day in 1947 as his teammate readied to break baseball’s color barrier. It was Branca who won 21 games that season, completing 15 of them. And it was Branca who, over the six decades that followed his career afield, was by most every measure off it a wonderful colleague and friend and son and brother and father and husband. Still, Branca continued to wonder of the why of it all. And he was 85 when he put forth another guess as to why he had grown tall and become a pitcher and given up baseball’s most famous home run and been cheated, too. I had just told Branca what I had learned of his mother  —   that she had been born Jewish, and so, according to Jewish law, that he was Jewish, too. And home in Westchester, the old pitcher allowed himself a moment to see the home run, the great hinge of his life, as not a blessing but something else. “Maybe that’s why God’s mad at me  —   that I didn’t practice my mother’s religion,” he said with a sad smile. “He made me throw that home run pitch. ”",0
12722,Tory-DUP Government Deal Expected Wednesday After ’Very Good Discussions’ - Breitbart,"Democratic Unionist Party leader Arlene Foster has hailed the “very good discussions” representatives of her Northern Ireland (Ulster) based party have been having with Theresa May’s Conservatives, with political observers now expecting an official pact between the parties as early as Wednesday. [Hoping to form a parliamentary pact with the DUP after the Conservatives’ collapse in seats following last week’s snap general election, negotiators from Theresa May’s Tories have been hammering out a deal with the   group Tuesday, in the second day of official talks.  Speaking to the BBC about the progress in negotiations, DUP boss Arlene Foster declined to “negotiate on the airwaves” but praised progress, and gave insight into the areas over which the agreement was being made. She said: “We’ve had some very good discussions again today, and these discussions continued into the afternoon. I hope we can reach a conclusion sooner rather than later. ” Hope we can reach a conclusion ”sooner rather than later”  —   DUP leader Arlene Foster on talks with PM Theresa May https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   BBC News (UK) (@BBCNews) June 13, 2017,  In words apparently chosen to reassure both her voters in Ulster and politicians in Westminster, Foster said: “It won’t surprise anyone that we’re talking about matters that pertain to the nation generally, bringing stability to the UK government, in and around issued around Brexit, obviously around  . ” Discussions are going well with the government and we hope soon to be able to bring this work to a successful conclusion.  —   Arlene Foster (@DUPleader) June 13, 2017,  As for what she expected in return for supporting the Conservative government, Foster said she had discussed “doing what’s right for Northern Ireland with respect to economic matters”. This remark could refer to points within the DUP manifesto that aim to make Northern Ireland more competitive for businesses than their southern neighbour, the Republic of Ireland. Amongst those initiatives is a cut of corporation tax to 12. 5 per cent  —   well below the Conservative goal of 17 per cent and the present figure of 19 per cent. More outlandish is the establishment of “freeports”  —   tax and customs free trading areas  —   in “economically underdeveloped parts of the UK” a sure euphemism for Ulster. Other ambitions laid out within the DUP manifesto while   for traditional conservatives have caused consternation amongst Britain’s political left. The manifesto promise to “freeze then cut or abolish the TV licence” and the possibility it may be a price demanded by the DUP for supporting the government, has so worried Labour deputy leader Tom Watson he was motivated to appeal to the Conservatives Tuesday that they would pledge not to scrap the licence fee. Writing to Conservative Culture Minister Karen Brady, Watson said: “The DUP’s manifesto includes a commitment to ‘freeze then cut or abolish the TV licence’  …     I urge you to fight hard to ensure that this pledge is not included in any agreement, formal or otherwise, between the Conservative Party and the DUP,” reports The Guardian. Slamming the BBC’s main source of income, a levy on all homes which have a working television set whether they watch BBC programming or not, the DUP manifesto said: “The TV licence fee is a highly regressive tax which was designed for a different era and a world of communications that no longer exists. The success of Netflix and Amazon streaming services shows that   media can and does work. ”  ",0
12723,"Capitalism, climate change and the Anthropecene","shorty 
The following article by originally published in the December/January 2016 edition of Socialism Today, the magazine of the Socialist Party in England and Wales. H uman beings have radically altered the Earth, adapting nature in the struggle to survive and thrive. The pace of change accelerated rapidly with the development of agriculture and class-based society. It hit breakneck speed in the industrial revolution, and with post-war scientific and technological breakthroughs. Many now say that we have entered a distinctive geological epoch – a new human era, the Anthropocene. JESS SPEAR, a member of Socialist Alternative in Seattle, USA, reports. Humans, arriving on the scene roughly a million years ago, and building modern industrial society as we know it only about 50 years ago, represent a blip in Earth’s 4.5 billion year history. Yet, at each stage of humanity’s development, we have modified nature and therefore modified our own evolution, setting the course for biological and social changes. From simple farming to unearthing and burning fossil fuels, to unleashing atomic bombs, our interaction with nature has gone from local to global. Humankind has, without a doubt, left our mark on the planet. We can discover what the Earth looked like, the shape and position of the continents as they have drifted apart and recombined every 300-500 million years, what creatures roamed its seas and land, and what plants covered the surface, by deciphering the chemical or physical imprints of their existence left behind. And what we’ve learned is that the planet is never static. The planet – as we know it, the Earth system comprised of rock, water and atmosphere in constant interconnected cycles of energy exchange – has always had upheaval, mass extinctions, and climate change. Earth’s history is full of radical change. Nonetheless, scientists today are ringing the alarm bells over the rate of change we’re witnessing compared to that which existed prior to human society. Climate scientists are pointing to the rapid shift in greenhouse gases, biologists to the rising number of species extinctions, oceanographers to the increasing acidity of the ocean, and soil scientists to the depletion of nutrients and degradation of farmland, as evidence that humanity’s productive activity is overwhelming the Earth system. The rate of increase in carbon dioxide (CO2) is unlike anything they’ve seen in Earth’s history for at least the past 800,000 years. Climate change and economic depression, the dual crises of capitalism, have produced a growing global revolt and a search for ideas and strategy to end our misery and protect future generations. Mass movements against austerity demonstrate that working people refuse to accept a system that demands severe cuts to living standards to satisfy the 1%. Not yet clear to the vast majority of people rebelling against the ruling elite is with what to replace this rotten system or how. With the window of opportunity to mitigate the consequences of climate change and prevent further disruption inching closer with each passing year, winning the working class to a socialist alternative is ever more paramount. Only scientific socialism can arm the working class with a programme and strategy to unite and fight to end the rule of the 1%, transfer power to the 99%, and rapidly implement a plan to develop society along sustainable lines. More heat, more problems W e live relatively brief lives. With only a little less than a century for our point of reference, our perspective on global changes is correspondingly narrow. To add further obfuscation, the Earth is rather large, so we don’t notice the accumulated effects of deforestation, glacier retreat, and massive piles of trash collecting in the Pacific and Atlantic ocean gyres. The Earth’s temperature rising nearly a degree Celsius has virtually no meaning to communities who daily experience larger fluctuations. That we have unearthed and burned so much carbon, chemically changing the very air we breathe, that there are now 400 molecules of CO2 for every million air molecules – a level not seen in, perhaps, the last 25 million years – up from about 280, is generally unnoticeable. Yet, regardless of our inability to perceive the radical transformation of our atmosphere and the general out-of-sight-out-of-mind privilege most in the developed countries have when it comes to environmental destruction and pollution, we are nonetheless reaching dangerous tipping points. The consequences of burning fossil fuels have long been known. As early as 1896, Svante Arrhenius published a paper detailing how CO2 absorbs light reflected from Earth’s surface, preventing it from escaping the Earth system (that is, the greenhouse effect). In the late 1950s, Charles Keeling began measuring the CO2 concentration in the atmosphere. Within just a few years he made the startling discovery that not only are there are seasonal fluctuations in CO2 related to plants absorbing it, then decomposition returning it to the atmosphere, but that the overall concentration was rapidly rising every year. The Keeling Curve – which continues to grow as measurements are added to a continuous record from 1958 to today – is regarded as the first proof that industrial activity was transforming the atmospheric concentration of greenhouse gases. Yet, it is the dramatic and speedy depletion in Earth’s ice inventory that is the canary in the coalmine. The news last year that the west Antarctic ice sheet has destabilised and is expected to disintegrate over the coming centuries should have elicited an immediate response from world leaders. The ice sheet holds enough water to raise global sea level by about 3.3 meters! There is no way to prevent its demise. We can only now adapt to the rising seas. Added to this is the news that a section of the Greenland ice sheet, which contains the equivalent of half a meter global sea level rise, is also melting rapidly. Arctic sea ice has dramatically been reduced, as well, and scientists expect the Arctic will be ice free in the summer as early as 2020. Earth’s glaciers and ice sheets act as a global air conditioner, keeping the planet cooler than it would be otherwise by reflecting sunlight. The loss of Earth’s ice (land-based ice that is) will not only raise sea level, displacing the more than one billion people inhabiting low-lying coastlines. It will also further disrupt climate, acting as a positive feedback reinforcing global warming. As the ice melts, the Earth absorbs more heat, more ice melts, and so on. Still, for most people, climate change is about hotter summers and extreme weather events. And, we are not just talking about our future – which will undoubtedly get hotter, with more intense weather – but our current state of affairs. 2015 is set to be the hottest year on record. We have now hit the one degree mark (above pre-industrial levels) for average global temperature rise (up from 0.85 degrees). This added heat has produced heatwaves, flash flooding, and deadly weather events that force us to acknowledge that climate disruption is not merely something scientists debate and discuss for future generations. Climate change is our present. In 2003, an estimated 70,000 people died from the heatwave that gripped Europe. Since the 1960s extreme weather events have more than tripled, killing an estimated 60,000 people from mostly underdeveloped countries. The World Health Organisation estimates that without mitigation efforts we can expect an additional quarter of a million people will be killed by climate change related effects from 2030-50. For what we can expect our future climate to look and feel like, what’s important to keep in mind is that the sheer scale of the problem that is current global climate change stems from just a tiny increase in global temperature. Just one degree Celsius. Imagine the impacts on us, the environment that sustains us, and the Earth system itself, when the Earth gets another degree warmer. That is what scientists tell us we can expect by the end of the century, if we don’t stop ‘business-as-usual’. Welcome to the Anthropocene T he alteration of our planet from human activity, from the top of the atmosphere down to the bottom of the ocean, is so extensive that a growing number of scientists who study Earth’s history and system are now hotly debating whether we have entered a new geological epoch, the Anthropocene (anthropo – human, cene – new), or maybe we have been in it for centuries and just didn’t know it. Proposing a new geological epoch is not merely adding a date and name to the geological time scale, which spans 4.5 billion years from the formation of the solar system to the present day. In fact, the geological time scale itself is not merely a list of dates and names. It’s also a tool – a common measurement scientists use to understand how changes on our planet from its birth until now occurred. The eons, eras and epochs that comprise it are distinguished by rapid shifts on the entire planet. Acceptance of the Anthropocene as a new epoch is therefore a question of whether the impact humanity has made is abrupt, discernible globally, and undeniably different from the previous epoch, the Holocene (and before that, the Pleistocene). In other words, has human activity fundamentally disrupted the Earth system such that it can be seen in the rocks, water, and atmosphere, and future scientists will see it? Proponents of adding the new epoch to the geological time scale disagree about when, exactly, the Anthropocene began. The three dates currently being debated – 8,000 years ago, the industrial revolution, and 1945 – represent markers along the road to civilization as humanity discovered and applied new ways to modify nature to satisfy our basic needs. Some argue it began roughly 8,000 years ago when humans began clear-cutting forests and rice farming, which altered the atmospheric concentration of greenhouse gases. Others argue the Anthropocene really started at the beginning of the industrial revolution when widespread use of fossil fuels began disrupting the Earth system, leading to the effects we are witnessing today and will experience in the future. The widespread atomic bomb testing, beginning with the Trinity Test in 1945, is the latest date proposed. It is supported not because atomic bomb testing itself disrupted the Earth system – though we should not forget that scientists warned of the dangers of a nuclear-war-induced ‘atomic winter’ – but because atom bombs leave a global fingerprint easily seen and measured, and atom bomb testing marks the rise of American capitalism’s unprecedented period of expansion. Unlike previous changes to the geological time scale, however, the proposals have political and social implications. That scientists are suggesting a new epoch marked by human-caused alterations has correctly been seized by many environmentalists as concrete proof that we are indeed radically altering the planet. The response from the left has been a mixture of confusion and conflation of the scientific debate and the predictable political response. Some anti-capitalists call foul over the name of the epoch. They argue that its focus on humans, and therefore insinuating all humans are responsible, hides the real root of the rapid changes taking place: namely, capitalism. To others, particularly deep green ecologists, it is proof that humanity is largely sociopathic – how dare we name an epoch after humans! – and that really civilization is the problem, not humans. These arguments stem from either a misunderstanding or a lack of understanding of how humanity and human society developed over the last million years. A historical materialist analysis of human history and pre-history is in fact the key to unlocking the door to our sustainable future. Change is constant “History can be viewed from two sides: it can be divided into the history of nature and that of man. The two sides, however, are not to be seen as independent entities. As long as man has existed, nature and man have affected each other”, wrote Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels in The German Ideology (1846). Many in the environmental movement, however, believe we can’t interact in nature without causing harm because we, humans, are separate from nature. This argument is embodied in a book written by environmental leader and founder of 350.org, Bill McKibben, The End of Nature (1989). Similar to Rachel Carson’s Silent Spring (1962), McKibben’s book is seen as one of the first to warn humanity of the dangers of global warming. In it McKibben doesn’t just warn about carbon pollution, he passionately argues that humanity has destroyed nature, that “we have ended the thing that has, at least in modern times, defined nature for us – its separation from human society”. We have altered the chemistry of the atmosphere, he argues, therefore there is no place on Earth one could travel that is untouched by humanity. Yet, our ‘separation from nature’ is a recent phenomenon, a product of capitalism, which combined wage labour with social production for private profit, separating humans from the Earth on which they laboured for sustenance. For the vast majority of human existence we were intimately connected to the Earth, learned and accumulated knowledge of its seasonal changes, and experienced it as part of our existence, even though we lacked understanding of its driving forces. As Marx explained, “man lives from nature, ie, nature is his body, and he must maintain a continuing dialogue with it if he is not to die”. So, the conception that we are separate from nature is also recent, and is linked to the development of capitalism. The notion that it is modern industrial society that’s the problem, and that a return to living directly from the Earth is the solution, is both overly simplistic and ahistorical. It extracts civilization from the history of humanity and measures its impact based on the presumed better situation that existed previous to civilization – for the Earth, but clearly not for humans as we died from all sorts of health issues now treatable and preventable. Furthermore, it ignores that pre-modern humans also greatly altered the Earth. For as long as we’ve had boats (10,000+ years) and people crossed the seas, at first in search of food, then for imperialist conquest and/or in search of religious freedom, we have unknowingly (and many times knowingly) transported species from one side of the Earth to the other, radically altering ecosystems, causing some species to flourish in new environments and others to go extinct. The proponents of the earliest start date for the Anthropocene would argue the advent of agriculture at the end of the last ice age even altered the chemistry of the atmosphere, evidence that humans were radically changing the planet as early as 8,000 years ago. Indeed, we are not even the first species to transform the atmosphere. To give an extreme example, around 2.7 billion years ago, cyanobacteria (blue-green algae) appeared, becoming the first organisms to photosynthesize and produce oxygen as a by-product. Before they evolved and started pumping out oxygen, there was practically no oxygen in the atmosphere. Without cyanobacteria we would not exist. Interaction with nature without altering it is impossible. Living organisms must exchange material with the Earth to live, thereby influencing their environment, affecting their evolution and others. As Richard Levins and Richard Lewontin write in The Dialectical Biologist (1985), “the environment and the organism codetermine each other”. But if all species impact nature in some way, are we, with our increasing population and extensive industrial activity, relegated to the role of nature’s perpetual destroyer? Within or without? O ur ability to understand the impact we are having on the planet, that it will have negative consequences for us both in the short and long term, and the decisions we make to alter the course of history, is what sets us apart from cyanobacteria and other organisms. Labour is not just a source of wealth. It is also what created humanity, conscious thought, conscious planning, and the accumulation of knowledge. The advent of tools, and with it the co-development of the mind, the social activity of hunting and the creation of language, put us on a path to producing food surpluses, the very basis of class society, civilization and scientific understanding. In short, all of human history can be distilled down to the organisation of labour and technique, and the concurrent changes in culture, society, and our environment. When capitalism replaced feudalism, it started the long process of drawing ever larger sections of the population away from farms and into factories and cities, and changed our ideas about nature in relation to ourselves. No longer did we see ourselves as part of nature, but separate. For the capitalists, nature became a source of free wealth which, when moulded by human labour, produced enormous profits for them. For the new working class, alienated from nature, the ripping apart of the Earth for raw materials, the dumping of toxins into rivers, and the sooty skies above urban centres, represented an assault on nature, a degradation of once beautiful areas. At each moment, as humanity leapt from the agricultural revolution to the industrial revolution, our ideas about ourselves in relation to nature shifted. Towards a socialist future “We don’t want merely an amelioration of the present society, but the establishment of a new one”. (Engels, quoted by John Green in A Revolutionary Life, 2008) Capitalism has now outlived its usefulness for humanity. It is destroying the environment, disrupting our climate, and relegating a billion people to the slow death of starvation and malnutrition. No one could argue that a system based on the profit motive will solve a problem on which it depends for existence. Capitalism cannot offer the means to restore ecological balance because it places no value in nature. Yet, to throw all of modern civilization, fostered by the tremendous wealth, technology, and resources developed by capitalism, into the dustbin, as some suggest we do, because it also produced environmental destruction, is to ignore the potential, also created by this system, to create a sustainable future. When capitalism triumphed over feudalism, it unshackled science from the confines of religion which sought to stifle discoveries that challenged its rule. Further development of capitalist technique, socialised production, division of labour, and machinery, required major leaps in science. And though investment in scientific research is primarily focused on how to further maximise profits, the ruling class today also cannot hold back discoveries that ultimately undermine its authority. Whether it is plastic made from banana peels or solar roadways, science applied to environmental and social problems is eroding the authority of those who say fossil fuels are necessary. Capitalism also developed the force which has the power to liberate all of humanity: the working class. As capitalism forced people off the land and into mainly urban wage labour, it created the force which has the common interest and potential to overthrow it and create a society that benefits the majority. All around you see working people rising up and demanding change because, not only does capitalism hold back the transition to renewable energy, it refuses to invest in society. The quest for profits has every major corporation and smaller businesses seeking to compete for a market share, depressing wages, cutting benefits, and threatening economic ruin for tax cuts. No longer is capitalism able to grow enough reserves to offer the working class a share of the profits. The ruling elite globally have no idea how to both restore economic growth and ensure payment to the major bondholders of sovereign debt. Anti-austerity movements from Ireland to Spain to the heroic working class in Greece have refused to accept their fate. Protests against new trade deals – the Trans-Pacific Partnership and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership – reveal that working people understand that corporations are looking to cement their rule into international law, ignoring the needs of people and the planet. Overcoming a system that is based on the exploitation of us all, that separated us from nature, and is driving us towards a completely unsustainable future, starts first and foremost with a rejection of its ideas. If we limit what humanity is, ignore what it was and, importantly, do not understand how it changed from one to the other, then we are effectively rejecting the idea that we have evolved and, crucially, that we are still in the process of evolving. The state of the planet during the Anthropocene, whether we accept the earliest start date or the latest, is that of constant change. Our evolution from hunter/gatherers to modern industrial society involved constant interaction with our environment. It shaped us. We shaped it. Through this process we developed ideas about what we are, what our environment is, and our relation to each other. Humanity, with all the accumulated knowledge and experience of past generations, has over this time also developed the capacity to finally move beyond merely surviving to actually living. The vast resources, technology, wealth, and human ingenuity could be harnessed and directed to ending the needless suffering, raising living standards globally, and achieving ecological balance. If we grasp this fact and use it to inform our actions, then we can take control over the changes taking place today and which will occur in the future. This vision has the potential to unite the working class in its historical task of overthrowing capitalism. We are at a precipice from which we can choose to either leap off, hoping that capitalism will find a way to profit from building us a safety net, or we can appropriate the tools, technology and resources to build a bridge to a socialist future.",0
12724,You Won’t Believe What This Congressman is Planning To Do If Trump Loses (VIDEO),"By: The Voice of Reason | We are less than two weeks away from the moment of truth, when the results of the 2016 Presidential election will more than likely be tallied, and we’ll have a new President-elect, at least in name anyway, if nothing else. I’ll preface this post by saying it’s not too late for people to still take as many precautions as possible in hopes of ensuring their families safety not if, but when all hell breaks lose upon the announcement of the election’s winner. The media has done their best to conceal it for whatever reason, but there have been ample warnings that there is the potential for massive amounts of violence regardless of who wins. The second video below runs through a laundry list of crimes committed by Hillary Clinton, which has a lot to do with why four in 10 Trump supporters say they won’t recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn’t have won fair and square. The second video cites specifics, and when you hear them, it’s no wonder why former Congressman Joe Walsh called for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. Walsh, a former tea party congressman from Illinois who is now a conservative talk radio host, tweeted, “On November 8th, I’m voting for Trump . On November 9th, if Trump loses, I’m grabbing my musket. You in?” The former Congressman is hardly alone. A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; and one in five are likely voters are “VERY concerned,” and they should be. One 69-year old gentleman from Michigan said as the polls began shifting towards Hillary, he slowly began buying more ammunition. If Hillary Clinton and the Democrats win on November 8th, things will not go well for Hillary Clinton’s political enemies. Recall that over 70 of them are dead, five of which died in just six weeks under mysterious circumstances during the primaries that Hillary stole from Bernie Sanders. In the first video below, I review warnings issued by both sides of what will happen if the other party’s candidate wins. So far, if Hillary wins we have one former Congressman going for his gun, and if Trump wins, we have Black Lives Matter members saying saying back in March: “Dear white people if Trump wins young niggas such as myself are fully hell bent on inciting riots everywhere we go. Just so you know.” That’s just the tip of the iceberg… The question posed, “What would you do,” is primarily directed at Trump supporters if Hillary wins, because the only way she’s winning anything, is by fraudulently stealing it, and doing so with Obama’s help! How can we make that assertion without any doubt? Starting off light, we know not just from Project Veritas videos released this week , but also from Federal Election Commission (FEC) records, that an activist was caught on camera bragging about having helped start violent disruptions at Donald Trump campaign rallies, and brags that was paid by the Clinton campaign directly right before she stirred up trouble. The Project Veritas videos this week merely confirmed the initial account. We also know that despite Julian Assange saying he did not get information from the Russians, when Trump was beginning to pull away from Hillary in the polls, and Hillary needed a distraction, her and Barack Obama had no problem peddling a baseless accusation against Russia, eventually angering Putin to the point where Russia deployed nuclear missiles into Kaliningrad , along the border with Poland, and aimed them directly at our allies in Berlin. Nukes pointed at our allies? Who cares right? In her mind, “the ends justify the means.” so long as Hillary wins… Then of course, let’s not forget the email that was leaked by Wikileaks that proved that Hillary was not only aware of the transaction, but she allowed weapons to be sold to ISIS during a time of war , weapons that were presumably used against either U.S. troops or American allies at the very least. That act has a name: Treason, and it’s punishable by death. Still, the list goes on, including her use of psychological weapons against voters as detailed in one of her internal campaign documents leaked as part of the Podesta emails. In the second video, Alex Jones makes his point very clearly, that there is NO level the Democrats won’t stoop to for control of the White House. None. Zero. Furthermore, If by some chance all their fraud isn’t enough, and Hillary doesn’t win, they plan to burn American cities to the ground. Have you heard of any plans put in place by Obama to stop that? Of course not. Trump supporters: If Hillary is willing to do all those things, and so many more I don’t have the time to go into but have all been well documented, just so she can gain entry into Oval Office, what do you think she’ll act like once she takes possession of the Office of the President? We know what the Soros funded far-left has planned if Trump wins because they’ve told us countless times, what about the Trump supporters if Hillary wins? In the video below, Alex Jones asks the question, “Is there anything, anything at all that Hillary and the Democrats won’t do?” The answer to that seems clear. The question then is really whether people think that if Hillary is announced as the winner, is it likely that the American voters will put up with that criminal behavior and just roll over, or is it more likely we’re going to see some violence break out? You tell me? THE VOICE OF REASON is the pen name of Michael DePinto, a graduate of Capital University Law School, and an attorney in Florida. Having worked in the World Trade Center, along with other family and friends, Michael was baptized by fire into the world of politics on September 11, 2001. Michael’s political journey began with tuning in religiously to whatever the talking heads on television had to say, then Michael became a “Tea-Bagging” activist as his liberal friends on the Left would say, volunteering within the Jacksonville local Tea Party, and most recently Michael was sworn in as an attorney. Today, Michael is a major contributor to www.BeforeItsNews.com , he owns and operates www.thelastgreatstand.com , where Michael provides what is often very ‘colorful’ political commentary, ripe with sarcasm, no doubt the result of Michael’s frustration as he feels we are witnessing the end of the American Empire. The topics Michael most often weighs in on are: Martial Law, FEMA Camps, Jade Helm, Economic Issues, Government Corruption, and Government Conspiracy. Submit your review",0
12725,So THIS Is Where That Infamous Soros Video Came From…,"Podcast: Play in new window | Download | Embed 
A helpful Corbett Report listener pointed me to the source of the Soros 60 Minutes video that emerged earlier this week: a collaborative investigation by The_Donald subreddit. This is a great example of the “open source investigation” model of collaborative research that I’ve been fostering at The Corbett Report for the past few years. So what should we be focusing our energy on next? Is there another specific, attainable research goal (like tracking down the Soros interview) that we could reasonably accomplish by combining our research resources? Corbett Report members are invited to log in and leave their suggestions in the comments below. 
SHOW NOTES",0
12726,"ISIS, Not Russia, Is the Enemy in Syria","Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name => 
Denouncing Russian air strikes on Aleppo as “barbaric,” Mike Pence declared in Tuesday’s debate: 
“The provocations by Russia need to be met with American strength. … The United States of America should be prepared to use military force, to strike military targets of Bashar Assad regime.” 
John McCain went further: 
“The U.S. … must issue an ultimatum to Mr. Assad — stop flying or lose your aircraft … If Russia continues its indiscriminate bombing, we should make clear that we will take steps to hold its aircraft at greater risk.” 
Yet one gets the impression this is bluster and bluff. 
Pence has walked his warnings back. And there are few echoes of McCain’s hawkishness. Even Hillary Clinton’s call for a “no-fly zone” has been muted. 
The American people have no stomach for a new war in Syria. 
Nor does it make sense to expand our enemies list in that bleeding and broken country — from ISIS and the al-Qaida-linked al-Nusra Front — to Syria’s armed forces, Russia, Iran and Hezbollah. 
These last three have been battling to save Assad’s regime, because they see vital interests imperiled should it fall. 
We have not plunged into Syria, because we have no vital interest at risk in Syria. We have lived with the Assads since Richard Nixon went to Damascus. 
President Obama, who has four months left in office, is not going to intervene. And Congress, which has the sole power to declare war, has never authorized a war on Syria. 
Obama would be committing an impeachable act if he started shooting down Russian or Syrian planes over Syrian territory. He might also be putting us on the escalator to World War III. 
For Russia has moved its S-400 anti-aircraft system into Syria to its air base near Latakia, and its S-300 system to its naval base at Tartus. 
As the rebels have no air force, that message is for us. 
Russia is also moving its aircraft carrier, Admiral Kuznetsov, into the Med. Vladimir Putin is doubling down in Syria. 
Last weekend, the Russian Foreign Ministry warned that U.S. attacks in Syria “will lead to terrible tectonic consequences not only on the territory of this country but also in the region on the whole.” 
Translation: Attack Syria’s air force, and the war you Americans start could encompass the entire Middle East. 
Last week, too, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs, Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford, warned that creating a “no-fly zone” in Syria could mean war — with Russia. Dunford’s crisp retort to Sen. Roger Wicker: 
“Right now, senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria it would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia. That’s a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I’m not going to make.” 
And neither, thankfully, will Barack Obama. 
So, where are we, and how did we get here? 
Five years ago, Obama declared that Assad must step down. Ignoring him, Assad went all out to crush the rebels, both those we backed and the Islamist terrorists. 
Obama then drew a “red line,” declaring that Assad’s use of chemical weapons would lead to U.S. strikes. But when Obama readied military action in 2013, Americans rose up and roared, “No!” 
Reading the country right, Congress refused to authorize U.S. military action. Egg all over his face, Obama again backed down. 
When Assad began losing the war, Putin stepped in to save his lone Arab ally, and swiftly reversed Assad’s fortunes. 
Now, with 10,000 troops — Syrian, Iraqi Shiite militia, Hezbollah, Iranian Revolutionary Guard and Afghan mercenaries — poised to attack Aleppo, backed by Russian air power, Assad may be on the cusp of victory in the bloodiest and most decisive battle of the war. 
Assad and his allies intend to end this war — by winning it. 
For the U.S. to reverse his gains now, and effect his removal, would require the introduction of massive U.S. air power and U.S. troops, and congressional authorization for war in Syria. 
The time has come to recognize and accept reality. 
While the U.S. and its Turkish, Kurdish and Sunni allies, working with the Assad coalition of Russia, Hezbollah and the Iranians, can crush ISIS and al-Qaida in Syria, we cannot defeat the Assad coalition — not without risking a world war. 
And Congress would never authorize such a war, nor would the American people sustain it. 
As of today, there is no possibility that the rebels we back could defeat ISIS and the al-Nusra Front, let alone bring down Bashar Assad and run the Russians, Hezbollah, Iran and the Iraqi Shiite militias out of Syria. 
Time to stop the killing, stop the carnage, stop the war and get the best terms for peace we can get. For continuing this war, when the prospects of victory are nil, raises its own question of morality. 
  
Copyright 2016 Creators.com.",0
12727,New Type of Emissions Cheating Software May Lurk in Audis - The New York Times,"FRANKFURT  —   The investigation into emissions fraud at Volkswagen widened on Saturday after the company acknowledged that United States and German regulators were examining why some Audi luxury cars and sport utility vehicles behaved differently during tests than they did on the road. The disclosure raises suspicions that Volkswagen used a new type of emissions cheating software in some Audis. Volkswagen is already in deep trouble for programming 11 million diesel cars worldwide to provide artificially low emissions levels during official tests, and then lying to regulators in the United States for more than a year after officials noticed discrepancies. The company, which has agreed to pay $16. 5 billion to settle lawsuits by owners and dealers in the United States, could face further severe consequences if it turns out that the fraud was more widespread than previously believed and that the company has failed to be forthright with officials. In a statement on Saturday, Volkswagen tacitly confirmed a report in the Süddeutsche Zeitung newspaper that some Audis with automatic transmissions behaved differently when the cars were being tested. If the software that controlled the transmission detected testing conditions, according to the newspaper, the cars shifted in a way that would produce less carbon dioxide. In normal use, the cars used a shifting sequence intended to provide better performance. Audi did not identify the models involved. According to a lawsuit filed on behalf of Audi owners in United States District Court in Minnesota on Thursday, they include 100, 000 Audi A6 and A8 luxury sedans and Q5 and Q7 S. U. V.s with   gasoline engines manufactured through May. The cars sensed that they were undergoing stationary tests on rollers if the steering wheel did not move more than 15 degrees. Representatives for Volkswagen and its Audi division acknowledged that regulators were looking at why some models shifted differently during tests. But the company suggested that any discrepancies were not a deliberate attempt to cheat. “In the testing situation,” Audi said in a statement on Saturday, “dynamic shift programs can lead to incorrect readings and results that cannot be reproduced. ” Volkswagen admitted last year that it had manipulated 11 million diesel cars, including 500, 000 in the United States, to grossly understate emissions of nitrogen oxides, which cause lung ailments and contribute to smog and global warming. The latest accusations involve emissions of carbon dioxide, the main cause of global warming. Regulators in Europe and the United States have tightened standards for carbon dioxide emissions in recent years. The previous accusations, which affected mostly Volkswagen vehicles but also some Audi and Porsche cars, involved only diesel models sold from 2009 to 2015. The California Air Resources Board is taking the lead in testing Audis in the United States, according to the lawsuit. The agency, which also did much of the detective work to expose cheating with Volkswagen’s diesel models, said it could not comment on a pending investigation. The   which is responsible for enforcing emissions standards in Germany, did not reply to a request for comment. The revelations came a week after Volkswagen disclosed that the chairman of its supervisory board, Hans Dieter Pötsch, was under investigation for violating German securities laws in connection with the emissions fraud. If it turns out that more cars had illegal software known as “defeat devices,” Volkswagen could face even more criticism that it remains in denial, is still run by the many of the same people who were in charge while the wrongdoing was taking place and is unable to contain the damage to the carmaker’s finances and reputation. Mr. Pötsch was the longtime chief financial officer at Volkswagen before becoming supervisory board chairman in October. He is suspected of failing to notify shareholders quickly enough of the financial risks of the diesel emissions cheating scandal. An internal company document from 2013, a copy of which was obtained by The New York Times, offers clues to the origin of the software believed to be used in concealing the true carbon dioxide emissions of the Audi vehicles. The document, reported by the German newspaper Bild am Sonntag, recorded the outcome of test drives of new vehicles in southern Africa in February 2013. It was standard procedure at Volkswagen to test new vehicles in South Africa and Namibia, where top executives critiqued performance and ordered changes. According to the document, a   manager asked, “When will the   shifting program be available?” “Cycle optimization” is code for software or other equipment that allows cars to perform differently when they are undergoing official test cycles on rollers in a lab. The document noted that “the shifting program should be configured to be 100 percent active on rollers but only 0. 01 percent for customers. ” Volkswagen is being investigated in the United States not only for programming cars to cheat but also for orchestrating a   starting in early 2014 after tests first cast doubt on what the company claimed were “clean diesel” cars. The company still faces federal and state fines for its behavior, and some executives could be charged with crimes.",0
12728,"Political Party of Anarchists, Libertarians, Hackers, and Computer Geeks to Take Power in Iceland","By Claire Bernish at thefreethoughtproject.com
In a country continuing to shirk the ordinary, Iceland’s Pirate Party — an amalgamation of anarchists, libertarians, and hackers, who want to ban digital surveillance — is predicted to win the country’s national elections this Saturday.
This collection of free-thinkers have upturned the traditional Western political paradigm and hopes to use online public polls to shape governmental policy and end all Internet spying.
Although the Pirate Party formed just four years ago, its popularity has skyrocketed — most likely for unconventional tactics aligning loosely with libertarianism — the promotion of privacy rights and personal freedoms, and simultaneous shrinking of Big Government.
Edward Snowden has been offered the safe haven of Icelandic citizenship should the Pirates likely victory come to fruition — which makes sense, given the party’s anti-establishment roots.
In fact, the Pirates have experienced astonishing success in a short time — taking the nation’s longstanding political traditionalists off-guard in the process — even the group’s founder, a programmer and former Wikileaks activist, is stunned.
Asked whether she expected the explosion of enthusiasm for the nascent Pirate Party — which now leads in public polls with 22.6 percent — founder Birgitta Jónsdóttir decisively told the Washington Post , “No way.”
But considering growing frustration with ever-increasing Western governments — and all of the surveillance programs, police state tactics, and chill on personal liberties — the rise of the Pirates, who describe themselves as neither right nor left but a radical mix of both, hardly seems too shocking.
“People want real changes and they understand that we have to change the systems,” Jónsdóttir asserted, “we have to modernize how we make laws.”
According to the Pirates’ website , “The Icelandic Pirate Party was founded on November 24th, 2012 based on the political ideology of the Swedish Pirate Party, which Richard Falkvinge founded in January 2006, to bring about internet copyright reform.”",0
12729,The Best and Worst of the Golden Globes - The New York Times,"Here’s a look at the most memorable moments from the 2017 Golden Globes, including Meryl Streep’s acceptance speech, Jimmy Fallon’s lackluster hosting, funny presenters and awkward flubs. Meryl Streep campaigned on behalf of Hillary Clinton, so expectations were high that when she took the Golden Globes stage to accept the Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement award, she would comment on the recent election. But how political would she be? Pretty political, as it turned out. She used her speech to call out   Donald J. Trump for seeming to mock a disabled New York Times reporter, and to warn that a free press would need to be defended. “This instinct to humiliate, when it’s modeled by someone in the public platform, by someone powerful, it filters down into everybody’s life, because it kinda gives permission for other people to do the same thing,” she said. “Disrespect invites disrespect, violence incites violence. And when the powerful use their position to bully others, we all lose. ” The room roundly applauded her remarks, but on social media some conservative commentators immediately criticized her and the target of her remarks had his own take. In an interview with The Times, Mr. Trump dismissed Ms. Streep as “a Hillary lover” and said that while he had not watched the ceremony, he was “not surprised” to come under attack from “liberal movie people. ”  —   Daniel Victor and Patrick Healy Read the full text of Meryl Streep’s remarks and read more about the  ’s comments. Jimmy Fallon, generally an ebullient cruise director for awards shows, wasn’t a presence so much as a nuisance. The “La La Land” intro only really worked if you’d already seen “La La Land,” and the segment lacked the pep and fun of, for example, his “Glee”  musical intro to the 2010 Emmys. There was barely a monologue, but a teleprompter snafu probably shouldn’t derail a comedian who hosts a TV show five nights a week. The rest of his material was tiny  —   and not funny  —   interstitials introducing the presenters with strained wordplay. Does this show need a host? Maybe not.  —   Margaret Lyons Read a review of the telecast. Even cynical   watchers had to smile when the songwriting duo Benj Pasek and Justin Paul, ages 31 and 32, came bounding onto the stage to collect their Globe for the moody “La La Land” tune “City of Stars. ” The young men had clearly not yet received the show business memo that awards are to be accepted with practiced (false) modesty and coolness. “We need to calm down!” shouted Mr. Paul. “We’re so nervous!” They charmingly dedicated their best song award to “musical theater nerds everywhere. ” (Mr. Pasek and Mr. Paul also wrote the music for the celebrated “Dear Evan Hansen. ”) The same kind of emotion could also been seen whenever the cameras passed the “La La Land” table, where the two producers who shepherded the film the longest, Fred Berger and Jordan Horowitz, ages 35 and 36, could be seen melting down with joy as their film racked up one prize after another. Add in multiple trips to the stage by the film’s director, Damien Chazelle, 31, and it felt like an arrival moment for a new set of Young Turks. On to the Oscars?  —   Brooks Barnes Read about the making of “La La Land. ” There’s no movie called “Hidden Fences. ” There’s “Fences,” starring Viola Davis and Denzel Washington, and there’s “Hidden Figures,” starring Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monáe. First Jenna Bush Hager said it on NBC’s red carpet show when she was interviewing Pharrell Williams (who is a producer of “Hidden Figures”) and then Michael Keaton said it onstage. Look alive out there, folks.  —   Margaret Lyons Read about Pharrell Williams’s reaction. Donald Glover’s two acceptance speeches for his work on the FX show “Atlanta” were touching and personal (“I grew up in a house where magic wasn’t allowed”) and also hilarious (“I’d like to thank the Migos  —   not for being on the show, but for making ‘Bad and Boujee.’ That’s the best song ever”). “Atlanta” was one of the best, most distinctive shows of last season, and everything about the show’s win, and Mr. Glover’s velvet suit, and the cast’s   portrait felt unique and just right.  —   Margaret Lyons Read the complete list of Golden Globe winners. It was a night of facial hair and sparkles, fairy princess frocks and character dressing, with the characters, and the (Hollywood) royals, dressed straight from the silver screen playbook. Of course, some costumes are less obvious than others. And when it comes to the red carpet, at least pretending to dress as yourself as opposed to, say, a cut flower or Disney caricature, has power. Ruth Negga, for example, in a   sequined   gown (who doesn’t love the idea of a   gown?) by Louis Vuitton, took the idea of dressing for the award you want, a popular seasonal trope, and gave it a dose of futuristic cool. Evan Rachel Wood, channeling Marlene Dietrich and David Bowie (and Julie Andrews in “ ”) in an exactingly cut Altuzarra tux with white vest, offered absolute proof of her words that when it comes to awards season, there was no dress required. And Thandie Newton, in    white Monse, flames picked out in paillettes licking up her hem, just hinted at the idea of an avenging angel come to earth. Also on the   list, though in a more classical mode: Emma Stone, in     (pink was a trend) Valentino, metaphor obvious but still undeniably enchanting Brie Larson, in strapless red Rodarte with a draped and beaded bodice, matching lips and Veronica Lake hair Natalie Portman, in ’  chartreuse Prada maternity gown, a little “Jackie,” but not too much and Viola Davis in sunshine yellow   sequined Michael Kors, so bright she gave off her own light. For good or ill, Fashion with a capital F dresses can often look overdone or out of place on what has become a pretty visually safe space, and such was the case with Nicole Kidman’s Scottish shipwreck of a   corseted Alexander McQueen. Ditto Sarah Jessica Parker’s white   Vera Wang, with its echoes of both wedding dresses past and Princess Leia. And ditto Janelle Monáe’s   Armani: short in front, trailing in back, sequined on top. Just when you had taken one detail in: whoa! There was another. The red carpet just doesn’t reward risk. At least the very boring  —   all those sequined columns, yawn  —   doesn’t linger long in the brain.  —   Vanessa Friedman Read a review of the night’s looks and see a red carpet slide show. In “Nocturnal Animals,” Tom Ford’s twisty drama, Aaron   plays a sadistic thug who menaces a family on a deserted highway. Critics singled out the terrifying performance but on the awards circuit so far, the actor had garnered just one award (from the Santa Barbara International Film Festival) before his surprise Golden Globe for best supporting actor. Left   were favorites like Mahershala Ali (“Moonlight”). On the red carpet, Mr.   said he watched movies about Ted Bundy and Jeffrey Dahmer to prepare, while his wife, the director Sam   confessed, “It wasn’t my favorite part. ”  —   Stephanie Goodman  Read a review of “Nocturnal Animals. ” Tracee Ellis Ross’s acceptance speech was an elegant combination of meaningful ideas and gleeful spontaneity. Winning the Globe for best actress in a comedy (“ ”) Ms. Ross said that her award was also for “all of the women, women of color and colorful people whose stories, ideas and thoughts are not always considered worthy and valid and important. ” She said that it’s “an honor” to be on a show that tells stories “outside of where the industry usually looks. ” She also seemed absolutely delighted to have won. Isn’t this what we want from an acceptance speech? A little humor, a bit of thoughtfulness, some seemingly true human emotion.  —   Margaret Lyons Read more about Tracee Ellis Ross’s speech. It’s time to retire “Sofia Vergara is not a native English speaker” as a comic premise. She came out and said “anal” twice and then “anus,” the big joke being that she can’t pronounce “annual. ”  —   Margaret Lyons Steve Carell and Kristen Wiig’s introduction for best animated feature was hilarious. And thank God  —   the otherwise abysmal banter segments were draining every iota of energy out of the ceremony.  —   Margaret Lyons The actors who really stole the show were, for the most part, under the age of 15: the kids from “Stranger Things” and Sunny Pawar, the   Indian actor who played a lost child in “Lion. ” The “Stranger Things” boys  —   Finn Wolfhard, Gaten Matarazzo, Caleb McLaughlin and Noah Schnapp  —   arrived together, charming the red carpet  with their sharp outfits and snappy moves. Caleb later grabbed a selfie with Ryan Gosling during a commercial break. And onstage during the show, when Sunny was hoisted up to the mic by Dev Patel, who plays the older version of their character in the drama “Lion,” the entire ballroom erupted in awws and coos, the sound of hundreds of hearts melting.  —   Cara Buckley Read a review of “Lion” and a review of “Stranger Things. ”",0
12730,On Vacation. How to Keep the Boss at Bay? - The New York Times,"Send your workplace conundrums to workologist@nytimes. com, including your name and contact information (even if you want it withheld for publication). The Workologist is a guy with   opinions, not a professional career adviser. Letters may be edited. How can I tell my boss to leave me alone when I take a vacation day? I work a lot of nights and weekends beyond the usual workday hours as it is, so I truly need time off to recharge. But she repeatedly pings me with “Sorry to bother you, but   …    ” emails  —   often with issues that she or someone else could handle. Ignoring these messages seems risky and unkind. Any suggestions? SAN FRANCISCO Is it really unkind to disregard an unnecessary intrusion into your personal time? I wouldn’t think so. You shouldn’t feel remotely guilty about wanting your off days to be   …     off. It’s possible that if your boss expects you to be totally responsive no matter what, there might be some risk in suddenly ignoring her. It sounds as though by now you may have in effect trained her to expect you to be constantly available. You might now need to go through the process of untraining her. Next time you’re taking a day off, warn her in advance that you’ll be away from email. You don’t have to get into detail it doesn’t matter whether you’re hang gliding, attending a funeral or just taking a personal digital sabbatical  —   everybody is unreachable sometimes. You might suggest others she could contact if issues about specific projects arise in your absence. Consider setting up an   on your email: You’re out until Monday (or whatever) and not checking messages. When you get back to the office, make a point of noting how energizing it was to take a   break, and how ready you are to dive back into work as a result. And I suppose this will sound crazy, but you could also ignore your email for a day. (Apart from being genuinely refreshing, this will test whether, without quite realizing it, you secretly enjoy your boss’s dependence on you.) At the very least, do not respond instantly if she emails despite your warning. Maybe she’ll try other options instead of waiting. If and when you do reply, try to point her to someone else, maybe looping in that person directly. Gradually, you should be able to train her that bugging you on your day off isn’t the most effective way to get her problem solved. About a year ago, a new staff member, “Jeff,” was hired in our small office. It quickly became clear that he was a huge mistake: He disappears for hours at a time, has lengthy personal phone conversations and has a demonstrably poor work output. In short, he is a disaster.  The boss has been oblivious to this (and other matters) and has actually praised Jeff. When one of us went to him to point out the problems, he claimed ignorance and promised to look into it. Nothing happened. Later he said he was taking the matter tohuman resources. He didn’t.  We are hesitant to report the situation to   as we worry about the consequences for our jobs. Is there a strategy that you would advise? N. D. A Workologist rule of thumb applies: Getting management to pay attention to a problem often depends on how you frame it. Anything that comes across as a complaint about a worker’s attitude is easy to shrug off as a personality conflict. Specific evidence of a negative effect on the organization is harder to ignore. So rather than saying, “Jeff is a lazy jerk,” you want the phrasing to go something like this: “This project is going to be late because Jeff is behind and has been out most of the day. ” Take notes on instances of problematic behaviors (like the unauthorized absenteeism) and link them as directly as possible to their consequences. When you go to the boss, stick to facts and avoid personal judgments. Bosses, like everybody else, often have plenty to deal with already, and (consciously or not) find it easier to let things slide until convinced that life will be easier in the long run if action is taken now. If you’re worried about going over the boss’s head, consider expanding  —   rather than just switching  —   the audience for your concern. You can go to him and human resources with the same message and inform each what you’ve told the other. And that   explanation can go to your boss and   at the same time. Finally, of course, there’s “Jeff. ” Is it possible that if you framed the issue to him in terms of its consequences (as opposed to his character) that he might shape up? Either way, it’s important to be   that he can be reformed. You may not believe this is possible, but giving him the benefit of the doubt will help you stay focused on the facts that affect the whole office, not on a personal dislike that’s hard to quantify. Regarding a reader’s difficulty over being a nondrinker at work events where peers are expected to share the wine and cocktails, I’ve found two responses helpful in my 28 years of sobriety: “Sorry, but I’m over my lifetime limit,” and “I’m allergic to alcohol  —   when I drink it I break out in handcuffs. ” These are not appropriate for every situation, of course, but one or the other usually gets the job done. EMILE, SAN DIEGO While this approach may not work for everyone, it’s not a bad idea if you can pull it off. A little humor can help smooth over any potential awkwardness, for both sides of the conversation: It sends a firm message and avoids getting personal, yet keeps the tone light. One caveat: If you try this, make sure you have a reasonable sense of what your audience will find appropriate.",0
12731,Students Busted for Allegedly Painting Trump Graffiti on Rice U’s Berlin Wall Memorial,"HOUSTON, Texas  —   Two Rice University have been busted for allegedly putting “Trump 16” graffiti on the Berlin Wall memorial on the campus in Houston. [“#DeportSpanos and “TrumpBaby!” was also scrawled on a mural hung on a shipping container on the campus, reported the Houston Chronicle.  The vandalism was discovered on Friday when the writing appeared on the memorial wall outside of the Baker Institute of Public Policy. The mural was on the shipping container at the Moody Center which had been decorated with art. The vandalism of the Berlin Wall Memorial covered “Salut mes amis,” which was on the memorial before it was covered by the Trump message. In French this means “Hello my friends. ” Communist East German authorities built the wall to divide East and West Berlin in 1961. It was torn down on November 9, 1989. The destruction of the wall followed a speech by   Ronald Reagan where he famously called on Soviet Union President Mikhail Gorbachev to “tear down this wall. ” The original message was painted before the wall fell in 1989 and has been on the Rice University Campus since 2000, the hometown paper reported. The local ABC affiliate reported the references to “Hashtag Deport Spanos,” could have been a reference to the billionaire San Diego Charger owner, Alex Spanos. The San Diego Chargers recently announced that they would be leaving the California city. The university released a statement on Saturday night which was obtained by the Chronicle. It did not name the students who were responsible for the criminal mischief. “Vandalism of an important symbol of freedom and of student art are deeply concerning,” President David Leebron and Provost Marie Lynn Miranda said in a statement. “We ask everyone in our community to join us in condemning such behavior and to work together to prevent such hostile acts and to protect the Rice property that contributes so much to our experience and quality of life. ”The graffiti was removed from the shipping containers but the Berlin wall has been covered because it requires a special removal process, reported the ABC Houston affiliate. Workers have placed   spray on the affected parts of the wall. Editor’s Note: This article has been updated with additional information. Lana Shadwick is a contributing writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas. She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas. Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2.",0
12732,"Michael Flynn, Kim Jong-un: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The resignation of Michael Flynn as President Trump’s national security adviser has added to the impression that the White House is in chaos, and that the U. S. security apparatus is, as Senator John McCain said, “dysfunctional. ” If Mr. Flynn was not entirely honest with the F. B. I. about his conversations with a Russian ambassador, it could expose him to a felony charge. Mr. Trump knew for weeks, his spokesman said, that Mr. Flynn had misled the vice president about the conversations. His departure dampened hopes of improving   relations, just as news broke that Moscow had secretly deployed a new cruise missile in what U. S. officials said was a violation of the landmark arms control treaty that helped end the Cold War. _____ 2. Mr. Trump is scheduled to meet tomorrow with Israel’s prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu. A likely topic of conversation is the “ ” approach to a   solution: building relationships with Arab countries worried about Iran and getting them to press the Palestinians in negotiations. Such an approach has been tried before, without success. Today’s episode of our new podcast, The Daily, considers the prospects now. Listen here if you’re on a computer, here if you’re on an iOS device or here for an Android device. _____ 3. The police in Malaysia are searching for two women in the assassination of the half brother of the North Korean leader, Kim   in an attack that may have used poisoned needles at a Kuala Lumpur airport. The half brother, Kim   was once considered the heir to power, but he had been living in   for years. South Korea’s governing party called the killing a “naked example of Kim  ’s reign of terror. ” _____ 4. “We finally have some measure of justice. ” That was the father of Etan Patz, the    Manhattan boy who went missing almost 40 years ago, forever changing the way parents watched over their children. He spoke after a former Greenwich Village deli worker, Pedro Hernandez, was found guilty of murder and kidnapping in the case. _____ 5. The threat of catastrophic flooding from the damaged Oroville Dam in Northern California this week is a warning sign for the state, where a network of dams and waterways is suffering from age and stress. Climate change is exacerbating the challenges. Engineers and environmentalists said problems like Oroville’s damaged spillway could occur at many of the more than 1, 000 dams that dot the state. “When you build a dam, you are playing God,” one engineer said. “And it’s tough to be God. ” _____ 6. An influential science advisory group lent its support to a   proposition: human genetic engineering. It’s an ethical minefield, and the group only endorsed the practice to prevent babies from being born with genes known to cause serious diseases and disabilities. The group acknowledged concerns that scientists could try to engineer traits like beauty, strength or intelligence  —   like something out of a dystopian   novel  —   and said they were trying to ensure that the technique was used for the right purposes. _____ 7. India’s air pollution is surpassing China’s as the deadliest in the world. A new study found that smog in India is causing about 1. 1 million premature deaths a year and rising, while China’s rate has stabilized. _____ 8. After trying in 1853 to determine the origins of Valentine’s Day, The Times called it “one of those mysterious historical or antiquarian problems which are doomed never to be solved. ” Here is a guide to some of the competing theories, including that it emerged from a Roman fertility rite, or possibly to honor the martyrdom of St. Valentine. Now, if you’ve received flowers, some tips on how to keep them fresh longer: Clip the ends under warm running water and keep them out of direct light. Chrysanthemums and carnations are sturdier than roses, which are unlikely to last more than a week. Romantic movie recommendations, on the other hand, are forever. (O. K. sort of.) _____ 9. A walk behind the scenes at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show can be overwhelming. But our photographer took a close look, and his photos reveal what makes each breed unique. Pilot, the chow chow above, won best in breed. The chow chow’s   tongue is perhaps its most distinctive feature. _____ 10. Finally, we’re continuing our roundup of the best of   comedy. Last night, the comedians set their sights on the White House  —   especially Stephen Miller, above, the architect of some of Mr. Trump’s most explosive executive orders Betsy DeVos, the new education secretary and, of course, Michael Flynn. And if you want a break from politics, here’s a selection of the best nonpolitical stuff to read, watch and listen to from around the internet. Happy Valentine’s Day. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
12733,Chicago Moving to Name Street After FALN Terrorist Oscar Lopez Rivera - Breitbart,"Chicago is considering naming a street after Oscar Lopez Rivera, the domestic terrorist who founded the FALN terror group responsible for killing six people and perpetrating some 130 bombings and terror attacks on U. S. soil between 1974 and 1983.[  Ward Alderman Robert Maldonado submitted a proposal to name a   stretch of North Luis Munoz Marin Drive after the convicted terrorist early in February. The proposal was quickly pushed through ahead of new rules that would prevent people who are still living from having a Chicago street named after them.  Alderman Maldonado attempted to claim that the new street name is not meant to honor the FALN terror outfit but is only meant to honor Rivera. Others note that it is farcical to claim you are honoring a man whose only claim to fame is in starting a terror group while pretending you are not also honoring the terror group. Joe Connor, the son of a man killed by a FALN terror attack in 1975, was furious at the move to honor his father’s murderer, according to the Chicago  . “He is a sworn terrorist,” Connor said. “He was convicted of bombings in Chicago that did injure people. He tried to escape from prison with machine guns and plastic explosives where he was gonna kill the guards.   …     And Chicago is gonna put up a sign in his honor?” “The idea that people will walk by and see this street sign and think that Oscar Lopez was some sort of great person  —   it’s diabolical,” Connor added. “The world is upside down here. What’s next for Chicago, bin Laden Boulevard? Charles Manson Court? This is worse than a disgrace. It is sinister. It’s a direct insult to my father’s life. ” The plan to honor the Puerto Rican separatist approved by Chicago’s Transportation Committee advanced this year after Barack Obama commuted Rivera’s sentence. Obama ordered Rivera’s release despite that he has never renounced his past violence. New York Councilman Joe Borelli said the commutation “proves that Obama and most liberals are out of touch with reality and willing to sacrifice all norms in the name of progressivism. ” Indeed, Joe Conner noted that Rivera isn’t even supported by most Puerto Ricans. In an   in the Chicago   Connor noted that few Puerto Ricans have ever supported the independence movement Rivera championed. Lopez has never represented the people of Puerto Rico. Never more than 5 percent of Puerto Ricans have ever voted for independence from America and in 2012 fully 60 percent voted for statehood. Further, Lopez and the FALN’s vision of “freedom” never involved freedom at all for Puerto Ricans but subjugation in a   Marxist state with Lopez and the FALN no doubt in the role of the Castros, as they wanted a “free and socialist” Puerto Rico. The son of the murdered New Yorker ended his   with a plea to the city. This is the felon whom Chicago plans to honor. I ask Ald. Maldonado, in the name of decency, to withdraw the honorary street designation for terror leader Oscar Lopez Rivera and cancel the vote. Should Maldonado refuse, I ask Mayor Emanuel and the other aldermen to reject and vote against the naming of Oscar Lopez Rivera Way. Twelve members of the FALN serving lengthy jail sentences were offered amnesty in 1999 by President Bill Clinton but only on the condition that they sign a statement expressing sorrow for their past crimes. Rivera was the only one of the dozen convicted terrorists who refused to sign the oath. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
12734,Middle class family planning incredibly lame ethical Halloween,"Middle class family planning incredibly lame ethical Halloween 31-10-16 A MIDDLE class family is celebrating Halloween in a way that is respectful to witches and does not involve sweets. The Logan family find rubber bats, monster masks and eating shitloads of chocolate problematic, but still believe they can join in the fun. Project manager Tom Logan said: “Our daughter wanted a witch costume so I had to explain they were actually just medieval herbalists stigmatised by a patriarchal society and weren’t green or warty. “We wanted her to wear something non-gender specific for trick-or-treating so we’ve decided to dress her as a piece of organic wheat.” The Logans’ son Edward wanted to wear a ghost outfit but this also proved problematic given the family’s firm atheist beliefs, which reject the possibility of life after death. Instead he will be dressed as a starving 15th century peasant farmer who is being oppressed by the feudal system. Edward Logan said: “We’re only allowed to go to the houses of other children from our school, all treats must be non-dairy or made of carob. It’s going to be beyond shit. “Luckily we’ve got the ouija board for after mum and dad have gone to bed.” 
Save",0
12735,Digital Lock Down: Google and Facebook Take Aim At ‘Fake News’ Websites: “The Establishment Is Scared Sh*tless”,"
In the runup to the 2016 election Matt Drudge linked to reports that Hillary Clinton’s health was faltering. For weeks the ‘rumors’ were denied by mainstream media , especially left-leaning web sites.
As the election drew closer, The Huffington Post and other non-partisan web sites claimed that Clinton had an unbeatable lead. On November 4th, just days before the election, Huff Post went so far as to suggest that Clinton had a 98% chance of winning the election. All the while, alternative media researchers, journalists, commentators and bloggers were highlighting the fact that polls actually showed a dead even race , with Trump leading in some cases.
When Wikileaks released tens of thousands of emails, the propaganda went into full swing with claims that the emails sourced from the DNC and Clinton Campaign were fake, even though numerous third-party organizations certified their validity.
If you were to ask the experts, Drudge Report , Infowars , Breitbart , The Daily Sheeple , and other alternative media web sites were peddling fiction. In fact, “peddling fiction” is the exact terminology used by President Obama to marginalize the detailed economic reports being disseminated by Alternative Financial web sites like Zero Hedge .
The fiction narrative, championed by entrenched media personalities, was pushed across social media by millions of anxious Hillary fans. According to them, everything coming from independent media was a lie – it was fake.
As it turns out, Clinton’s health problems were confirmed when she was recorded stumbling about following a September 11th ceremony in New York. The Wikileaks were, in fact legit. Trump won by an electoral landslide. And the economy continues its downward spiral.
One report after another being disseminated by what left-leaning pundits call “fake news websites” has been confirmed as accurate, proving that there was a concerted effort to stifle free speech and real journalism.
Hillary Clinton made mention of it in her Deplorables speech, warning that a lot of fake information was being released through racist web sites across the web.
And if she had her way, no one would have ever read anything but positive information about her, while everything else was disappeared Orwellian-style, never to reach the masses that eventually elected Donald Trump to the Presidency.
What this year’s Presidential election has proven is that alternative media is a force to be reckoned with, and the establishment is scared shitless.
But they won’t let it happen again.
Earlier this year President Obama turned control of the internet over to the United Nations, effectively eliminating free speech protections enjoyed by citizen journalists in America. It may have sounded crazy when we sounded the alarm before the internet takeover, but the today’s actions by Google and Facebook provide further evidence that the establishment media and Deep State politicians are preparing a digital lock down on any and all information that has not been approved by an as of yet unknown Truth Panel.
A Facebook spokesman said it will explicitly ban sites that traffic in fake news from using the Facebook Audience Network, saying they fall under the category of misleading, illegal or deceptive sites already barred. The audience network places ads on other websites and mobile apps.
Earlier Monday, Google said it plans to prevent Google ads from being placed “on pages that misrepresent, misstate, or conceal information about the publisher, the publisher’s content, or the primary purpose” of the website. The policy would cover sites that distribute false news, a Google spokeswoman said.
False news stories, particularly those that spread widely on Facebook, became an issue during the recent presidential election. Google experienced its own mishap on Sunday when a story on a right-wing blog erroneously stating Donald Trump won the popular vote appeared atop some Google search results.
…
“While implied, we have updated the policy to explicitly clarify that this applies to fake news,” the Facebook spokesman said. “We vigorously enforce our policies and take swift action against sites and apps that are found to be in violation. Our team will continue to closely vet all prospective publishers and monitor existing ones to ensure compliance.”
Full report 
The moves by Google and Facebook follow a recent de-monitzation effort at Youtube that has target alternative media. As noted in their “Advertiser Friendly content guidelines, they appear to be targeting alternative media directly by banning:
C ontent that is considered “not advertiser-friendly” includes, but is not limited to: 
Controversial or sensitive subjects and events, including subjects related to war, political conflicts, natural disasters and tragedies, even if graphic imagery is not shown So basically, anything newsworthy is no longer advertiser friendly, and these organizations will now determine whose news will or won’t be seen based on what is sure to be propietary algorithms and human curation.
The bottom line is this: the time and energy required to produce the amount of video content and investigative journalism that we saw during the election is astronomical. Thousands of journalists, bloggers and concerned citizens spent countless hours reporting the news the mainstream media wouldn’t. Many of those people depend on advertising revenue to cover their most basic costs, including their monthly mortgages and the food they put on the table.
The aim with policies like this, which will no doubt be overseen by establishment hacks, is to starve independent media. In turn, they will starve the people of the information they so desperately need to understand what is being done to them.
This is only the beginning.
Hattip Daisy Luther 
",0
12736,Breitbart News Daily: London - Breitbart,"On the Monday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart Senior    Joel Pollak will continue our discussion of the terror attack in London and President Donald Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris Climate Agreement. [Fred Fleitz, the Senior Vice President for Policy and Programs at the Center for Security Policy and former CIA analyst, will discuss the London terror attack. We’ll also hear from Breitbart London’s Oliver Lane and Chris Tomlinson.  EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt will join us to discuss the decision to withdrawing from the Paris Climate Agreement. Veteran pollster Pat Caddell will also weigh in on the decision and the implications for 2018. Dan Gainor of the Media Research Center will discuss Kathy Griffin playing the victim and Bill Maher using the  . Breitbart Legal Editor Ken Klukowski will discuss the Supreme Court expediting the review of Trump’s travel ban. Breitbart Financial Editor John Carney will discuss the May jobs numbers and what they mean for the economy going forward. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   .",0
12737,Protests in Paris Ahead of Putin Visit to French Capital,"PARIS (AP)  —   Human rights activists are gathered in Paris to draw attention to the situation of gays in Chechnya before Russian President Vladimir Putin’s visit to France. [The activists want   French President Emmanuel Macron to discuss the issue with Putin at their Versailles palace meeting. They held a banner “Stop homophobia in Chechnya” at a square in front of the Eiffel Tower.  Amnesty International France vice president Cecile Coudriou says “it’s important that Mr. Putin is ready to hear, we hope, strong words coming from Mr. Macron, to say ‘stop’ to that homophobia which has lasted for too long. ” Human Rights Watch said in a new report last week that   officials in Russia’s Chechnya humiliated inmates during visits to detention facilities where gay people were allegedly held and tortured. MOSCOW (AP)  —   On a trip that will likely shape   ties for years to come, President Vladimir Putin is set to visit France for talks on Monday with   French President Emmanuel Macron after expressing sympathy for his rivals during the campaign. After Moscow lost its bets in the French vote, the visit offers the Russian leader a chance to turn the page and try to establish ties with Macron as the Kremlin has struggled to mend a bitter rift in relations with the West. The meeting comes in the wake of the Group of Seven’s summit over the weekend where relations with Russia were part of the agenda, making Macron the first Western leader to speak to Putin after the talks. The Kremlin has hailed the visit as a chance for Putin and Macron to get to know each other and better understand their views on a range of disputed issues, including the Ukrainian crisis, the war in Syria and Russia’s ties with the European Union. Macron’s invitation for Putin was a surprise after his tough stance on Russia during the presidential campaign that contrasted with the platforms of some of his rivals, including   candidate Marine Le Pen and conservative Francois Fillon, who both have spoken for ending Western sanctions against Moscow over the Ukrainian crisis. Amid the Congressional and FBI investigation into Russia’s alleged meddling in the U. S. presidential vote, Macron’s aides claimed in February that Russian groups were interfering with his campaign. Moscow has strongly denied all allegations of election meddling. Putin, however, made his preferences in the French presidential election clear by hosting Le Pen at the Kremlin in March  —   part of Russia’s efforts to reach out to nationalist and   forces in a hope of boosting their influence in the West. Over the years, Putin also has frequently met with Fillon, the French prime minister in   and praised him as an experienced statesman. Analysts say the visit to Paris offers Putin an opportunity to improve ties with France that had steadily deteriorated in the closing months of Francois Hollande’s presidency. “As a person who pays utmost attention to personal contacts, Putin believes that only a    meeting could give answers to many questions about Macron as a person and president of France, as well as his future foreign policy course and his stance on Russia,” Tatyana Stanovaya of the Center for Political Technologies, an independent     wrote in a commentary. “Putin understands quite well that just one productive meeting could lead to a radical revamping of ties. It would be silly not to use that chance. ” In October, Putin abruptly shelved a trip to Paris after Hollande alleged that Russia could face war crime charges over Syria. Hollande declared that he wouldn’t take part in the opening of the newly built Russian Orthodox Spiritual and Cultural Center in the heart of the French capital and was only interested in talking about Syria. As part of his trip Monday, Putin is scheduled to visit the center near the Seine River that includes the Holy Trinity Cathedral along with a school and a book shop. The site was sold to Russia under former President Nicolas Sarkozy amid criticism from rights groups about France’s outreach to Putin. Prior to that, Putin and Macron are set to have talks at Versailles and then tour an exhibition there marking the 300th anniversary of Russian Czar Peter the Great’s trip to Paris that was prepared by St. Petersburg’s Hermitage Museum. With Peter the Great widely seen as a ruler who modernized Russia and sought to open it up to the West, the exhibition offers a symbolic backdrop for both parties to talk about the importance of   ties, and, more broadly, rapport between Russia and the West. Putin’s foreign affairs adviser, Yuri Ushakov, said Russia is dissatisfied with the current level of political contacts, adding that the talks will offer a chance to review them. “The meeting is very important for both Russia and France,” he told reporters. Ushakov noted that he expects an “interesting discussion” on ways to implement a 2015 Minsk deal for eastern Ukraine, which was brokered by Germany and France. The U. S. and the EU have made the prospect of lifting economic and financial sanctions against Moscow contingent on fulfilling the peace agreement. The deal has helped reduce the scale of fighting between Ukrainian forces and   separatists in eastern Ukraine, but clashes have continued and political elements of the agreement have stalled. Ukraine and Russia have blamed one another for the lack of progress. Ushakov said that the two leaders will also have a “frank” discussion on Syria, where Russia has backed President Bashar Assad and France has pushed strongly for his removal. He added that last week’s suicide attack on Manchester Arena emphasized the need to pool efforts in the fight against international terrorism, so the talks will also touch on that.",0
12738,How to Support Standing Rock and Confront What It Means to Live on Stolen Land,"Truthout 
A month after President Obama told the Army Corps of Engineers to pause construction on the Dakota Access oil pipeline, the Standing Rock Sioux and those supporting them still find themselves in a dire struggle to protect their water and land. With winter approaching, the 300 tribes that are now represented at the Camp of the Sacred Stone in North Dakota are preparing for a lengthy battle. 
In their effort to protect water, life, ancestors and future generations, indigenous peoples are also demanding that corporations, the US government, and settlers respect the treaties and indigenous self-determination. This is widening an existing dialogue and expanding ties of solidarity to include more of us who are of white European descent occupying indigenous land. 
As support for those at Standing Rock grows, it is important that allies also confront the fundamental questions of what it means to live on stolen land and how to transform colonial relations in a way that creates a viable and just future for all communities and the planet. After almost a decade of engaging in request-based, volunteer solidarity organizing with indigenous groups fighting relocation in Black Mesa, Arizona due to coal mining , we have learned and honed a list of action steps for non-Native individuals just getting involved, as well as a set of best practices for activists already working on other organizing efforts. 
As people of European descent who benefit from both white privilege and settler privilege, we understand that our work and writing is most effective when it is developing and acting upon a mutual stake in decolonization. This means focusing on the responsibilities specific to our position, which is inherently different from that of indigenous and non-Native people of color. Nevertheless, their organizing, along with much activist scholarship — some of which is linked to below — has helped inform this list of action steps and set of best practices. 
1. Know whose land you are on. There are plenty of resources out there to help you educate yourself about the land that you, your school or place of worship are occupying and its original inhabitants. Here is one . Find out if the tribes or nations are still in that area. If they are not, find out why. Have they been forcefully relocated or pushed out in another way? Acknowledge that you are on occupied land when you say where you are or where you are from. This is an important way to disrupt the myth of the “disappearing native.” 
2. Know your family’s history. How did your family end up in the United States? Was it through a colonial process in another country? If your ancestors are from a colonizing country, what was your family’s connection to land, spiritual traditions, economies, etc., before that country began colonizing other places? Does your family own land in the United States? If so, how did they come to acquire it? 
3. Learn together. Encourage learning that is personal, emotional, spiritual, embodied and communal. Host reading groups and discussions that build an understanding of settler colonialism and your community’s relationship to it that is tied to indigenous solidarity. Roxanne Dunbar Ortiz’s “An Indigenous Peoples’ History of the United States” is an enormously helpful place to start, and there are numerous resources, such as the book “Unsettling America,” the website for Black Mesa Indigenous Support, the Colors of Resistance archive , the journal Decolonization , the No One Is Illegal network , queer indigenous studies, critical indigenous studies and more. 
4. Ask permission. Asking permission fundamentally shifts the entitlement inherent to the settler experience. Cultural appropriation is an extension of genocide, forced removals, and land theft, as settlers take what does not belong to them as if it is rightfully theirs. This can be countered by asking permission to be on indigenous peoples’ traditional lands. This practice can be extended in a variety of ways and open up new modes of relating and relationships. As one of the first steps of planning, ask permission for any gatherings, marches, etc., from an indigenous representative of the land you are on. Invite them to collaborate in planning around gatherings, conferences, actions, and campaigns for justice work on their traditional homeland. Be open to the work shifting because of such collaboration. 
5. Know where your water, heat, electricity and other resources come from. Lands that were relegated to indigenous use under the reservation system often because of their perceived barrenness are now resource colonies for the settler state. Indigenous communities in the United States are among the hardest hit by the negative impacts of climate change because of the extractive projects and processing that take place on their lands. Coal mining and burning, uranium mining and copper mining are just a few of the extractive projects that leave toxic legacies for generations to come. The profit from extraction on Native lands is rarely returned to the community that has paid the cost in destruction of lands and sacred sites, damage to health, and devastation of local economies and lifeways. 
6. Take responsibility for Christian privilege/Doctrine of Discovery. If you’ve grown up in Christian culture, you may be unaware of all the ways that Christianity is culturally dominant in the United States. Work with your faith community to raise awareness about the violent legacy of Christian hegemony and move resources to shift power. If you are part of a Christian denomination that has not yet repudiated the Doctrine of Discovery — the theological justification for the theft of indigenous land — start or join a movement to do so. Challenge the notion that the settler church was divinely ordained within your church community. Start conversations about saints or lauded leaders of faith who were directly responsible for conquest. Learn how your church acquired its land and whose land it was originally. Learn the history of your denomination’s relationship to conquest. Consider that within Christian traditions there are built-in practices for atonement and reparations. Get creative with your spiritual community about what atonement and reparations might look like. If it is possible, try and connect with the indigenous tribe or nation in your area to work on this. 
The Christian and Catholic Churches are incredibly well resourced not only in cash but also in land. Many, if not all, indigenous-led movements across Turtle Island — the indigenous term for North America — call for return of land to indigenous stewardship. How can the church leverage its many resources in solidarity with indigenous-led efforts for land return? There is a new project in California that is working for the return of urban land to indigenous stewardship. Could your church start a conversation about putting land in trust and working with a local indigenous group to steward it? 
7. Engage in local struggles and build relationships. There are ongoing indigenous-led struggles for land and self-determination taking place all over Turtle Island. Not all indigenous spaces and organizations are looking for outside support, but many are. Educate yourself on this history of the area and current struggles. Reach out and take principled and accountable action by centering relationships in your work. The work will often be request-based and/or take on various forms of asking for permission, seeking guidance and input. This is a nuanced dance of taking initiative while ensuring there is guidance and the work upholds, not undermines, community self-determination. Your participation in decision making and giving input should be determined by the indigenous people you work with and will depend on the specific goals. For example, an indigenous community addressing its own tribal government has different objectives and requests from non-Native people than if cross-community power is being built to challenge federal and or state policies, energy policy, corporate power, etc. 
8. Work for repatriations of land, upholding treaties, and funding Indigenous-led struggles and efforts for land return. This entails supporting Standing Rock, and other indigenous-led struggles in your region, building power to force the state to respect treaties, and doing creative fundraising campaigns like door knocking for reparations, as members of Resource Generation did in the Bay Area in solidarity with Poor Magazine’s “Stolen Land and Hoarded Resources Tour.” Read more here . 
*** 
While these are helpful tips for individuals entering the sphere of solidarity work, there are also things activists already engaged in other organizing efforts can do to amplify indigenous-led struggles or incorporate a decolonial analysis into their work. It begins with incorporating an analysis of settler colonialism into all of your organizing work. 
Settler colonialism is the kind of colonial control that exists in “settler states” like the United States, New Zealand, Australia, Israel/Palestine, Canada, Argentina and other countries. It incorporates elements of external colonialism — in which a colonizing power exports indigenous peoples (as slaves or laborers), resources, knowledge, plants, metals, and/or animals to increase the wealth of the colonizer — as well as internal colonialism — which is marked by the violent management of an underclass of people and lands within the “domestic” borders of the imperial nation. So, when Europeans began colonizing what is now known as the United States, settlers came for good — not just to take things and return to an imperial center based in Europe. This is why scholar Patrick Wolfe called settler colonialism a process of “destroying to replace.” It’s our responsibility as settlers to work to dismantle the settler colonial project. 
Here are our tips — based on research and experience — for how to do just that, while also continuing your organizing work in other areas. 
If your primary area of organizing is around the environment, recognize that indigenous cultures and lifeways are deeply tied to land, and most contemporary indigenous-led struggles center around access to land or land return. If you engage in environmental work: Consider how the environmental framework of land (or wilderness) as separate from people is an inherently colonial mindset that pits environmentalists not only against labor but also indigenous people, whose lifeways are inseparable from land. 
If you engage in climate justice work, recognize the ways that indigenous communities have been disproportionately impacted by extreme extraction and climate chaos, as well as how they are resisting. Globally, indigenous communities are living as frontline blockades against extreme extraction. 
If you engage in anti-racist work, consider doing the work of understanding settler colonialism as a structure and logic distinct (although interlocking) that is defined in terms of self-determination rather than being solely rights-based. A stance of self-determination signifies that indigenous nations pre-date the existence of the United States and aren’t always looking for recognition from the colonizing force. Rights and “equality” frameworks are most often based on the idea of the individual as the social actor and view equality under the law for all individuals as the end goal. Many indigenous frameworks don’t fully fit this and are centered more on the ideas of the collective (nation, tribe, people), as opposed to the individual. They also prioritize responsibility (to land, and future generations) as opposed to rights. 
If you engage in labor justice work, familiarize yourself with the history of exploitation of indigenous labor in this country and consider ways in which your work for just workplaces may invisibilize the original inhabitants of the land your workplace occupies. Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz’s “An Indigenous People’s History of the United States” and Andrés Reséndez’s “The Other Slavery” are good places to start. 
If you are involved in queer and trans organizing that isn’t yet connected to two spirit/Native queer and trans perspectives and movements, learn from and build with queer and/or Two Spirit Native organizers, cultural workers and scholars. Learn the history of non-Native (particularly white) LGBTQ appropriation of indigenous alternative sexualities, genders and kinship structures. The article “ Settler Homonationalism ” by Scott Morgensen is a great place to start. Envision and enact queer and trans liberation that is anti/decolonial. 
If you engage in food justice, or permaculture, herbalism, building alternative economies, and more broadly alternatives to capitalist institutions and modes of organizing reproduction and social life, familiarize yourself with the existing alternatives indigenous people have maintained through surviving, resisting, adapting and decolonizing. Consider the potential for connecting your work to questions of land and unsettling settler desire. As Scott Morgensen explores in the essay “Unsettling Settler Desire,” the desire to replace Native peoples and inherit their land, lifeways, alternative economies, spiritualities, modes of kinship and sexuality runs deep in settler society and permeates various alternative and radical subcultures. These desires for connection to land and land-based practices are often seen as a much needed antidote to the disconnection inherent in settler society. If, however, these connections and practices aren’t cultivated in relationship to indigenous peoples’ struggles to maintain their connections, responsibilities and traditions, then the forms of connection settlers are fostering can replicate “settler desire” and further entrench colonialism. 
For non-Native people, walking a path of decolonization is the work of envisioning and enacting reciprocal relationships. Through this we can be humbled. We hold discomfort, knowing it is part of our work and our process of rekindling our dignity and interconnectedness. We can work to stop violence and environmental degradation. We can organize to build our communities’ capacity for self-determination, while struggling alongside indigenous communities as they maintain their responsibility to their homelands and future generations. We can shift entitlement and the normalizing of theft, as well as the narrative of “disappearing Indians”— the dominant colonial story that says indigenous peoples, lands and lifeways are inevitably disappearing as part of the natural passing of time. It is the narrative that relegates all things indigenous to the realm of history. We can move away from Western, colonial modes of existing as we restore traditional economies and modes of relating, community to community and nation to nation. Moving towards decolonization allows us to reckon with the violence of our collective inheritance and commit to healing, restoring and transforming our present, so as to ensure that we have a viable and liberatory future. 
This piece was reprinted by Truthout with permission or license. It may not be reproduced in any form without permission or license from the source.",0
12739,Ice Cube: Trump America loves -Hill called us superpreditors -The Bern whatve you done,"link For your enjoyment a very short vid with Ice-Cube talking about the only 3 people in the US capable of taking on the POTUS role. I agree with him. Well, everything except the boss thing. And he makes a some good points in a very short time. In my opinion he should be the next debate commentator. But a month ago it was a different story. While it isn't a ringing endorsement of Trump, he fared much better than the other 2. edit on 27-10-2016 by seasonal because: (no reason given)",0
12740,Trump Reaches Out to Blacks; Blacks Riot in Philadelphia,"Posted on October 28, 2016 Trump Reaches Out to Blacks; Blacks Riot in Philadelphia Jared Taylor, American Renaissance, October 28, 2016 And DOJ prepares a politically motivated “civil rights” case in the death of Eric Garner. 
This episode is available for download here . Share This View all posts by Jared Taylor Jared Taylor is the editor of American Renaissance and the author of White Identity: Racial Consciousness in the 21st Century . We welcome comments that add information or perspective, and we encourage polite debate. If you log in with a social media account, your comment should appear immediately. If you prefer to remain anonymous, you may comment as a guest, using a name and an e-mail address of convenience. Your comment will be moderated. Commentary",0
12741,The Atlantic VP: ’Democratization’ of News via the Internet Left People ’Overwhelmed with Information’ - Breitbart,"Hayley Romer, the Senior Vice President at The Atlantic, spoke about the issue of fake news in a speech entitled “The Importance of Questioning Answers” at the Dublin Tech Summit this week. [“I’m not sure if this is something that was hardwired into me since birth,” Romer began, “or it’s something that I’ve grown overly accustomed to since joining The Atlantic five years ago, but regardless I definitely describe myself as somebody who relentlessly questions answers. And I think I do that for a couple of reasons. First of all, for me, it’s the only way to really make sense of things, but the other reason is because it’s the only way to get to the truth, right?”  “Thinking about coming here today, I felt like this notion of something that’s absolutely transcending our society in so many ways, and I thought this would be a great place to talk about how we got there and why we need to now, more than ever, be questioning our answers. ” Romer discussed the perils of only viewing information that validates your current worldview and the issues that arise when living in a bubble, whether it be related to politics, news, or social issues. “Let’s say for a second I understood what your political views were and I were to only send you things that validate that view, or I say, ‘I understand that you believe in this, I’m just gonna keep sending you things that validate your opinion.’ Is that a good thing? I’m not sure,” she said. “I think that assumption is one that sort of lies on the edge of something worth debating, hence the nature of this conversations. Let’s take a step back and look at the news. It used to be that every night in order to get the news, you had one trusted voice come into your home. You’d turn on your TV, you’d sit down at the end of the day, and somebody would show up and tell you everything that you needed to know, and you believed what they said. ” “Once cable news came around, you had choices, you had more ways to gain access to information, you didn’t necessarily have to listen to things so broadly, and you had the opportunity at that point through cable news to gain access to different opinions, different perspectives, different sets of news information, if you will,” she continued. “But then came the Internet where everyone had a voice, and the thing about the Internet was that it was going to be the total democratization of all humanity,” Romer stated. “We would create a global free open exchange of ideas. Everyone had access to everything, and this was going to be the ultimate dream because you no longer had to wait for someone to come into your home at a certain time of day. ” “But reality, as we know, is much more complicated than that,” she said. “Everyone flocked to the Internet a lot faster than we could have predicted, which left us saying, ‘What do we do now, how do we figure this out?’ Pretty soon we were overwhelmed with information of course. ” Romer discussed the competition between content providers to produce valuable content and attract a new and massively growing marketplace of users. This lead to a new industry of content and advertising, encouraging competition between websites to attract more users and deliver more ads, increasing revenue. The Internet, according to Romey, allowed content developers to understand what their audience wanted to hear and see and provide that to them, encouraging them to return to their website.  ",0
12742,Hillary Clinton Campaign Still Whining About the FBI,"Hillary Clinton Campaign Still Whining About the FBI November 1, 2016 
The Hillary Clinton whineaton continues. 
After having mobilized mulltiple ex-officials and media types to attack the FBI, the Clinton campaign, whose candidate blatantly benefited from white glove from the FBI is complaining about a double standard. 
Hillary Clinton's campaign accused FBI Director James Comey Monday of engaging in a ""blatant double standard."" 
Clinton's campaign manager Robby Mook slammed Comey in the wake of reports that the FBI director refused to publicly comment on potential Donald Trump campaign ties to Russia's alleged efforts to meddle with the U.S. election, but did weigh in on an updated investigation involving Clinton's email server. 
""It is impossible to view this as anything less than a blatant double standard,"" Mook, Clinton's campaign manager, said on a call with reporters. ""That Director Comey would show more discretion in a matter concerning a foreign state action than one involving the Democratic nominee for president is nothing short of jaw-dropping."" 
Yes, it's jaw dropping that Mook can't grasp how investigations work. 
Comey had no reason to comment on the Trump thing because it wasn't part of an existing criminal investigation of Trump. There has been, despite Hillary's bottomless barrel of lies, a criminal investigation of Hillary Clinton. 
It's a double standard if Trump and Clinton were both facing criminal investigations. It's not a double standard since only Hillary is.",0
12743,Bill Cosby and an Accuser Could Face Each Other at Pretrial Hearing - The New York Times,"The last time they saw each other was roughly a decade ago. He was among America’s most successful entertainers, and her mentor. She was a former young Temple University staff member who said he took advantage of his counseling role, gave her pills and sexually assaulted her in his home outside Philadelphia in 2004. The setting for their last encounter was a deposition in a Philadelphia hotel, one that would ultimately lead to an    settlement in 2006 in a civil suit filed against Bill Cosby by his former mentee, Andrea Constand. On Tuesday, Mr. Cosby and Ms. Constand may well see each other again, this time at a pretrial hearing in a Pennsylvania courthouse where Mr. Cosby, 78, is facing criminal charges filed by prosecutors who say the 2004 encounter was a case of criminal sexual assault. At the hearing in the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa. prosecutors will try to demonstrate for Judge Elizabeth A. McHugh that they have enough evidence to go to trial. Some 200 members of the public and the news media are expected to crowd into the courthouse for the hearing. Mr. Cosby, who denies the charges, will be among them. He must be present, though he is not expected to testify. The pressing question is whether Ms. Constand, now 43 and living in Canada, will also be there  —   not just as a spectator, but as a witness called to testify by the prosecution. Neither her lawyers nor Montgomery County District Attorney Kevin R. Steele are saying. Prosecutors might simply rely on the statement Ms. Constand gave when she went to the police in 2005. That would avoid exposing her to   by the defense. As a matter of strategy, experts say, prosecutors at preliminary hearings hope to move the case to trial while revealing as little of their evidence as possible. The defense typically tries to force prosecutors to offer as much evidence as they can and to question witnesses to gather information in readiness for trial. “The defense is not using the hearing to get the charges dismissed but to tie witnesses down, to explore as many avenues as possible and perhaps identify inconsistencies, and to develop themes for trial,” said David Rudovsky, a senior fellow at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. If Ms. Constand takes the stand, the defense will likely try to undermine her account, experts say. Their questions might include why she took a year to file her complaint with police, and why she returned to Mr. Cosby’s home after what she has since described as two previous unwelcome encounters  —   including one in which she said he unbuttoned her pants and began touching her. “There are so many questions that she has to answer that she is going to have a tough time,” said Stuart P. Slotnick, a New York defense lawyer and former prosecutor. Until recently in Pennsylvania, a witness like Ms. Constand would have had to testify at a preliminary hearing. But a state appellate court ruling last year allowed for wider use of hearsay evidence, meaning that a prosecutor could opt to introduce just Ms. Constand’s police statement, not her direct testimony, as evidence at the hearing. The strategy could be risky, though, since the ruling from last year is under appeal to the state’s Supreme Court. Given that the admissibility of hearsay may be overturned on appeal, prosecutors may not want to rely on the police statement without calling Ms. Constand. “My sense is she will be there,” said Dennis McAndrews, a Pennsylvania lawyer. “The prosecution would obviously be taking a risk if they did not call the victim to the stand. ” The parameters of the questioning, such as the extent to which it might delve into Ms. Constand’s sexual history, will be set by Judge McHugh, 60. Under Pennsylvania’s rape shield law, sexual relationships with someone other than the accused are typically not considered a proper subject for   Mr. McAndrews said. “The judge is likely to limit it significantly,” he said. Prosecutors at the hearing could also enter into evidence a transcript of Mr. Cosby’s deposition from the Constand civil suit, in which he acknowledged obtaining quaaludes as part of an effort to have sex with women. Since December, when Mr. Cosby was charged, his lawyers have sought a dismissal of the charges, arguing that a former district attorney who carried out an initial investigation in 2005 had made a binding commitment never to pursue charges against Mr. Cosby so as to induce the entertainer to testify in the civil suit. A trial court judge and an appeals court, however, rejected that argument. Mr. Cosby’s lawyers have a pending appeal, though, in hope of securing a   postponement of Tuesday’s hearing. Mr. Steele is fighting those attempts. “This rich celebrity defendant is not entitled to unprecedented special treatment,” he said last week. After the hearing, legal experts expect Mr. Cosby to challenge much of the evidence. For one thing, they said, his legal team may ask to bar his deposition from the civil case because it is subject to a confidentiality stipulation that he and Ms. Constand agreed to as part of their settlement. Mr. Cosby is also expected to fight any attempt to introduce evidence from other women who have accused him of drugging and sexually assaulting them. Such evidence of other alleged bad acts is sometimes ruled admissible under circumstances in which prosecutors can demonstrate that it establishes a defendant’s pattern of behavior, a kind of fingerprint or signature of the defendant. Mr. Cosby is being sued in civil courts by several others. In a case brought by seven women who are suing Mr. Cosby for defamation in Massachusetts, a judge on Friday released the full transcript of a Feb. 22 deposition by his wife of 52 years, Camille O. Cosby. The women say Mr. Cosby sexually assaulted them and then branded them liars after they came forward. The transcript shows confrontational exchanges between the lawyer for the women and Mrs. Cosby and her lawyers. Mrs. Cosby was asked about her husband’s affairs, but she repeatedly refused to answer questions and often invoked spousal privilege. In the criminal case, Mr. Cosby faces three charges of aggravated indecent assault, each of which carries a punishment of five to 10 years in prison and a $25, 000 fine. The hearing would normally take place in the magisterial district court in Elkins Park, Pa. where Mr. Cosby was arraigned in December and where Ms. Constand accuses Mr. Cosby of drugging and assaulting her. But the hearing is being held in the larger courthouse in Norristown because of the expected news media attention and security issues. James Koval, director of communications for Pennsylvania courts, said officials are bracing for a high level of interest in a criminal case hearing, with journalists scheduled to arrive from as far away as Australia. He was planning on arriving in Norristown early on Monday, he said. “We have 20 television production trucks coming in,” he said. “There will be a lot going on. ”",0
12744,"Spy Scandals, Globalism and the Betrayal of America","  *Articles of the Bound* / Spy Scandals, Globalism and the Betrayal of America Spy Scandals, Globalism and the Betrayal of America November 1, 2016, 10:28 am by Cliff Kincaid Leave a Comment 0 
By: Cliff Kincaid | Accuracy in Media 
Our top educators like to think that worthwhile social movements only come from the left, such as Occupy Wall Street and Black Lives Matter. But the movement backing Donald J. Trump for president rejects most of what the left is preaching. These people see America losing its greatness, unique identity and national sovereignty. Hillary Clinton uses the campaign slogan “Stronger Together,” which has a patriotic appeal. But she also termed half of Trump’s supporters “deplorable” and “irredeemable.” She prefers the artificial George Soros-funded “social movements” that back her campaign. 
By any objective measure, it can be argued that the stench of globalism is starting to affect everything, even perceptions of our founding documents. It may also invite foreign penetration into the highest levels of our government. 
Visitors to Independence Hall in Philadelphia are surprised to learn that the site of the adoption of our Declaration of Independence is now a World Heritage Site designated by the United Nations. A big plaque with the designation faces you after you get a lecture from the U.S. Park Service and prepare to enter the historic building. Referring to the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States, the United Nations declares , “The universal principles of freedom and democracy set forth in these documents are of fundamental importance to American history and have also had a profound impact on law-makers around the world.” These are nice thoughts. But the U.N. is hardly a tribute to freedom and democracy. Ordinary patriotic Americans don’t like the idea of the corrupt United Nations claiming some form of jurisdiction over Independence Hall. 
What’s more, visitors to the Liberty Bell see a big picture of Nelson Mandela raising a clenched fist salute. The Mandela quotation that the Liberty Bell is “a very significant symbol for the entire democratic world” is featured next to the photograph. These, too, are nice thoughts. But while Mandela presided over a democratic transition that turned the whites out of power in South Africa, revelations after his death proved that he was a secret member of the South African Communist Party. He had concealed his true motives and allegiances from those who elected him. South Africa is a member of the Russian orbit of nations, known as BRICS, and some of the remaining whites are fleeing. 
The “Citizenship in the World” merit badge is now required for the highest rank in Scouting, Eagle Scout, with one of the requirements being, “Explain what citizenship in the world means to you and what you think it takes to be a good world citizen.” 
What Hillary Clinton is trying to carry forward is something that her husband talked openly about in 2003. In his “Global Challenges” speech , former President Clinton outlined a form of world government. “We cannot continue to live in a world where we grow more and more and more interdependence, and we have no over-arching system to have the positive elements of interdependence outweigh the negative ones,” he said. He went on to say, “…I think the great mission of 21st Century world is to make it a genuine global community. To move from mere interdependence to integration, to a community that has three characteristics: shared responsibilities, shared benefits, and shared values.” 
That “over-arching system” includes strengthening the United Nations, a process still underway, and currently using the alleged threat of “climate change” to build up the power of this world body and move toward a “genuine global community.” 
As president, Clinton had sent a June 22, 1993 letter congratulating the members of the World Federalist Association for meeting to give Strobe Talbott the annual Norman Cousins Global Governance Award. “Norman Cousins worked for world peace and world government,” Clinton said. Talbott, a former Time magazine columnist and U.S. diplomat who served in Clinton’s administration, was a “voice for global harmony,” Clinton said. As a Time magazine writer, Talbott had written a column openly calling for world government. Now the head of the Brookings Institution, Talbott had direct but confidential contacts with Hillary Clinton when she was secretary of state, according to recent WikiLeaks disclosures. The book, Comrade J: The Untold Secrets of Russia’s Master Spy in America After the End of the Cold War , documents questionable contacts between Talbott and the Russian intelligence service. Mrs. Clinton spoke to the same World Federalist group in 1999, congratulating former CBS Evening News anchorman Walter Cronkite upon his receipt of the Norman Cousins award. 
Yet, Talbott’s continuing relationship with Hillary Clinton is not a subject that alarms the major media. 
However, the disclosure that the FBI discovered some of Hillary Clinton’s emails on the Huma Abedin/Anthony Weiner computer could also have national security implications. Were these emails shared with or hacked by our foreign adversaries? Tragically, the American people may not have the answer to this question by Election Day, November 8. But the carelessness of the arrangement is such that we have to suspect the worst, and that Hillary Clinton and her top aide, Huma Abedin, are at the very least, security risks. It could become the biggest spy scandal since Alger Hiss, the former State Department official who was exposed as a Soviet spy. He happened to be a founder of the United Nations. Cliff Kincaid 
Cliff Kincaid is the Director of the AIM Center for Investigative Journalism and can be contacted at cliff.kincaid@aim.org. View the complete archives from Cliff Kincaid . 0",0
12745,"Donald Trump, Julian Assange, Gwen Ifill: Your Tuesday Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning.  We’re trying something new for our readers in Asia and the Pacific region: a morning briefing to   your day.  What do you like? What do you want to see here? Email us with your feedback at asiabriefing@nytimes. com. Here’s what you need to know: •   Donald J. Trump is facing backlash over his choice of Stephen K. Bannon as his administration’s chief strategist. The move elevates the   nationalist movement Mr. Bannon nurtured while running Breitbart News, a website whose staples include articles linking migrants to the spread of disease. Mr. Bannon said Mr. Trump’s followers are patriots who are being tarred by the existence of racists and   “on the margins. ” Reports of racially charged assaults, graffiti attacks and other episodes have surged since Election Day, and the F. B. I. said that hate crimes rose 7 percent last year, driven by a rise in attacks against American Muslims. Many attacks have also been countered by acts of public support and solidarity. _____ • President Obama took questions from reporters for the first time since the election, portraying Mr. Trump as a pragmatist and stressing the importance of a peaceful transition. “Without copping out, I think it’s fair to say that it would not be appropriate for me to comment” on the choice of Mr. Bannon. Mr. Obama is about to fly to Greece, at the start of a final international tour that will also take him to Germany and Peru. He will try to soothe fears of the coming Trump presidency, but his leverage has been diminished and his legacy bruised. _____ • Mr. Trump continued to project his presidency onto the world stage. He spoke with Xi Jinping of China and Vladimir V. Putin of Russia. Russia has embraced Mr. Trump’s election. The State Duma, or parliament, broke into applause on news of his victory. Mr. Trump, who has threatened to confront China on a range of trade issues, promised Mr. Xi that the two nations would have “one of the strongest relationships. ” _____ • Hong Kong’s High Court ruled that two   politicians who were elected to the legislature cannot take their seats. Sixtus Leung, 30, known as Baggio, and Yau   25, set off the conflict by using what some consider a derogatory term for China when they took their oaths of office. Beijing reacted by issuing a new interpretation of Hong Kong’s Basic Law, challenging the territory’s semiautonomous status. _____ • The International Criminal Court is considering a   investigation in Afghanistan, after a prosecutor said she had a “reasonable basis to believe” that American soldiers there committed war crimes, including torture. • Samsung is spending $8 billion to acquire Harman International Industries, an American company best known for   car stereos, like   and JBL. The deal gives Samsung a stake in   connected cars, which could mean a boom in screens, computers and connectivity. Its stock rose 25. 6 percent. • Japan’s G. D. P. figures surprised analysts with strong economic growth in the third quarter despite declining consumer prices and deflation. Our analyst looks at whether the trend will last. • The National Geographic Channel has reinvented itself under the leadership of James Murdoch at its parent, 21st Century Fox. Part of the makeover is a shift to   shows like “Mars,” a new     by Ron Howard. • U. S. markets closed lower, and oil was down. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • A Malaysian lawmaker was given 18 months in prison for disclosing classified information from an official audit of a   investment fund linked to Prime Minister Najib Razak. [The New York Times] • The   venture capitalist Eric Li argues that relations between China and the U. S. may suffer over trade, but could improve if the U. S. stops trying to remake the world in its own image. [The New York Times] • Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, was questioned in London about a rape accusation in Sweden in 2010. [The New York Times] • President Rodrigo Duterte said that if Islamic State militants came to the Philippines, he would not let his “people be slaughtered for the sake of human rights. ” [Reuters] • Japan’s government plans to increase medical checkups for older drivers after a wave of fatal traffic accidents. [Asahi Shimbun] • If all the railways projects proposed for Southeast Asia were built, here is a map of how the region would look. [The Diplomat] • Canada’s government is under scrutiny for blocking an arms deal with Thailand over factors including human rights abuses, just months after exporting $15 billion in combat vehicles to Saudi Arabia, which has a poorer rights record. [Globe and Mail] • China’s nationalist resurgence is on display in “The Long March,” above, a new opera about the early days of the Communist Party. [The New York Times] • Gwen Ifill, an   television journalist who moderated   debates in 2004 and 2008, died of cancer in Washington. She was 61. • And Pizza, the polar bear used to lure shoppers to a mall in southern China, will be temporarily moved while his   enclosure is “optimized and upgraded. ” Animal rights groups say the move doesn’t go nearly far enough. Two Chinese astronauts expect to leave their space lab this week, after a monthlong stay that is a first for their nation. China has poured billions of dollars into its space program, aiming to rival the United States and Russia in reaching Mars. Such programs are enormous drivers of technological innovation. So it might come as a surprise to know that space communications rely on an old standby: radio waves. Speech from an astronaut, video from cameras and data from sensors flow into a transmitter, which emits radio waves picked up by a terrestrial receiver. Terrestrial transmitters reverse the favor. The same basic technology sends music to your radio, YouTube videos to your cellphone and photos from Pluto. There really isn’t any alternative until we figure out how to use lasers to convey data. There’s been a lot of   of radio capabilities over the 125 years or so that scientists have been playing with electromagnetic radiation. We have great antennas and efficient, secure encoding now. But the technology is also good for a simple call from home. Last week, China’s president, Xi Jinping, called the space lab. “Everyone across China cares very much about both of you,” Mr. Xi said. One astronaut proudly said, “I will go forth, and successfully complete the mission. ” Andrea Kannapell contributed reporting.  _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes. com.",0
12746,"Trump, Asked About Accusations Against Bill O’Reilly, Calls Him a ‘Good Person’ - The New York Times","Bill O’Reilly, the embattled Fox News host, received a powerful show of support on Wednesday from a longtime friend, interview subject, ideological sympathizer and fellow  : the president of the United States. Speaking in the Oval Office, Donald J. Trump praised Mr. O’Reilly as “a good person” and declared, “I don’t think Bill did anything wrong,” days after The New York Times reported that five women had received settlements after making harassment claims against him. News of the payouts, totaling about $13 million, generated a storm of criticism toward Fox News, which recently renewed Mr. O’Reilly’s contract, and prompted more than two dozen advertisers to withdraw their support of Mr. O’Reilly’s prime time show, the   program in cable news. Few have spoken out publicly in support of the Fox star. The president had no qualms. “Personally, I think he shouldn’t have settled,” Mr. Trump told Times reporters in a   interview. “Because you should have taken it all the way I don’t think Bill did anything wrong. ” “I think he’s a person I know well,” Mr. Trump said. “He is a good person. ” The president is a   fan of Fox News, sitting for interviews with its   hosts and conferring privately by phone with Rupert Murdoch, the network’s executive chairman. Mr. Trump has bragged to associates that he now refers to Mr. Murdoch, one of the world’s most powerful media moguls, by his first name, according to a person who is friendly with both men. But the president has a particular rapport with Mr. O’Reilly, whose hectoring braggadocio and   nostalgia for a bygone American era mirror Mr. Trump’s own. A regular guest on “The O’Reilly Factor,” Mr. Trump has attended baseball games with Mr. O’Reilly, praised his collection of   political books, and, as   granted him a prominent interview that aired during Fox’s Super Bowl pregame show. The men share a taste for vanilla milkshakes, bantering   about how many of the confections Mr. O’Reilly has bought for his friend. The two have something more ominous in common, too: Each has been accused by women of sexual harassment and inappropriate behavior. Like the president, Mr. O’Reilly maintains that the accusations against him are without merit. When damaging video footage of Mr. Trump bragging about sexual assault surfaced during the campaign, Mr. Trump called it “locker room talk” and apologized for the remarks. Mr. O’Reilly, on air that evening, allowed that the tape was “an embarrassment” for the Republican nominee. But he also criticized The Washington Post, the newspaper that published the footage. It is remarkable for a sitting president to weigh in on sexual harassment allegations from the Oval Office, especially allegations at the center of a churning controversy. But Mr. Trump’s advice to his friend on Wednesday  —   that Mr. O’Reilly “shouldn’t have settled”  —   was consistent with the    ethos of a president, and former real estate magnate, who relishes the counterattack. It also hinted at a deeper symbiosis between the White House and Fox News. Mr. Trump often praises the network, recently urging his 27 million Twitter followers to tune in for a Saturday evening show last month, the president cited a Fox commentator, Andrew Napolitano, as backup for an unproven allegation that British intelligence spied on his campaign. In turn, Fox News’s prime time and morning hosts are blatant champions of the administration  —   to the extent that NBC News’s chairman, Andrew Lack, recently compared the network to “state broadcasting. ” The president and Mr. Murdoch have drawn closer, too. Mr. Murdoch, a savvy political observer, deepened their relationship in the months after Mr. Trump clinched the Republican nomination, and people who know them say the two now speak frequently. Mr. Murdoch’s former wife, Wendi Deng, is so close with Ivanka Trump that the president’s daughter became a trustee of the Murdoch children’s fortune. (Ms. Trump stepped down from the role in December.) Mr. Murdoch, meanwhile, had mentored Ms. Trump’s future husband, Jared Kushner, in the art of media moguldom after his purchase of The New York Observer in 2006. Mr. Kushner, now a powerful White House aide, would later serve as Mr. Murdoch’s chief conduit to Mr. Trump’s campaign. These entwinements have fueled intrigue about how the president might influence Mr. Murdoch’s corporate interests. Mr. Trump now oversees the Justice Department, just as Fox News faces an investigation by the United States attorney’s office in Manhattan over its handling of financial settlements for harassment claims. Mr. Murdoch’s entertainment conglomerate, 21st Century Fox, is also closing in on a coveted prize in Europe, the British satellite television giant Sky. But British regulators are scrutinizing the potential acquisition, and the firestorm around Mr. O’Reilly may speak poorly of the corporate culture over which Mr. Murdoch presides. Fox News has often provided cover for Mr. Trump as the president navigated a host of early controversies. Mr. Trump’s kind words for Mr. O’Reilly on Wednesday seemed a reciprocal gesture of sorts, from a leader who values loyalty.",0
12747,The future of civil rights is up to the Supreme Court,"The future of civil rights is up to the Supreme Court A single court seat can change the landscape of our liberties—and this election could determine four. By Mary Frances Berry Posted on November 4, 2016 by Mary Frances Berry 
When 95-year-old Rosanell Eaton first registered to vote in the Jim Crow South, she was forced to pass a written literacy test and recite the preamble of the Constitution from memory. Seven decades after becoming one of the first African American voters in her county, Eaton once again found herself facing obstacles undermining her access to the franchise. 
Because of North Carolina’s harsh new voting restrictions, Eaton had to make 11 trips to various state agencies—traveling a total of over 200 miles —to get the identification she needed to vote. 
So Eaton challenged the state’s voter ID laws in a case that made its way to the nation’s highest court. After an appeals court struck down the restrictions, the Supreme Court—in a 4–4 tie vote this August—declined for now to reinstate them, pending an eventual appeal. 
Eaton’s harrowing story demonstrates the powerful role of each Supreme Court justice. Had there been one more conservative justice sitting on the court, North Carolina voters like Eaton would be facing the controversial, discriminatory barriers she challenged this November. 
As with so many decisions in our country’s history, the protection of Americans’ fundamental rights came down to a single seat on the Supreme Court. It was only by one vote, after all, that the court decided the damaging Shelby County case in 2013, which gutted the Voting Rights Act—a landmark achievement of the 1960s civil rights movement—and allowed North Carolina to establish these discriminatory voting restrictions in the first place. 
As powerful as a single Supreme Court seat can be, more than one seat hangs in the balance this November. The next president could nominate up to four justices for lifetime appointments on the Supreme Court. The outcome of the election may well determine the composition of our nation’s most powerful court for decades—and with it, the future of our civil rights. 
Based on the list of judges Donald Trump has said he would consider for nomination, our civil rights could be in real jeopardy with a Trump presidency. Multiple judges on Trump’s list have upheld the kind of discriminatory voter ID laws that Eaton is fighting in North Carolina. 
For instance, after a lower court found that Wisconsin’s voter ID law “results in the denial or abridgment of the right to vote on account of race or color ,” Judge Diane Sykes—whom Trump has named as a possible Supreme Court nominee—nonetheless voted to reinstate the law. A Trump Supreme Court could uphold suppressive voting laws that have been shown to substantially lower turnout among minority voters. 
In other civil rights matters, the records of Trump’s proposed judges paint a similarly distressing picture. 
In a case involving a black worker being passed over for a promotion because of his race, Judge William Pryor argued that it was just a “conversational” aside when the supervisor in the case called an African American employee “boy,” dismissing the condescending slur as not connected to promotion decisions. Equally alarming is Judge Steven Colloton, also on Trump’s list, who would have refused to allow a woman who reported being sexually harassed and fired by her manager to go to trial. 
Civil rights issues will continue to make their way to the Supreme Court time and again. I shudder to imagine the Supreme Court justices Trump has proposed serving as the final word on the legal questions that shape Americans’ access to the ballot box, housing, discrimination-free workplaces, and other critical civil rights. 
The fate of hard-won rights and liberties, like those Rosanell Eaton began fighting for more than 70 years ago, rests in the hands of the justices on that bench—and every vote counts. 
Dr. Mary Frances Berry is a professor of history at the University of Pennsylvania and serves on the board of People For the American Way. Her latest book is “Five Dollars and a Pork Chop Sandwich: Vote Buying and the Corruption of Democracy.” Distributed by OtherWords.org .",0
12748,China’s Airport Security Robot Can Deliver Electroshocks,"By Nicholas West While debate surrounds the threat of autonomous “killer robots,” the mechanized replacement of humans continues across the workforce. The industrial robotics industry is... ",0
12749,Why The “Trump Reflation Trade” Is For Chumps,"Why The ""Trump Reflation Trade"" Is For Chumps By David Stockman.   If you need any evidence that the world's central banks have destroyed honest price discovery in the financial markets, the last few days have provided it in spades. The nearly $2 trillion sell-off in the global bond markets since last Tuesday was warranted but happened for the wrong reasons, while the 600 point gain in the Dow index gives stupid a whole new definition.  ",0
12750,Preparing Your Home for Sale - The New York Times,"When you’ve decided to sell your home, the last thing you want to do is spend money to spruce the place up. After all, whoever buys it is going to replace those outdated kitchen cabinets and grungy bathroom tiles anyway, right? “We’re often asked why any money should be spent freshening,” said Mickey Conlon, an associate broker with Douglas Elliman Real Estate. “The answer has to do with the psychological effect of assessing a renovation on a prospective purchase. Buyers assign dollar values to repairs that typically exceed the actual cost of remediation. ” To get the best return on your investment  —   and avoid turning off potential buyers  —   you need to ensure your home looks its best when it hits the market. At the same time, you don’t want to waste effort or money on improvements that won’t pay off. To find out what you absolutely must do before putting your home on the market, I reached out to several real estate professionals for their essential presale  . Here are their top suggestions for making sure your house or apartment is  . 1. PAINT THE WALLS A fresh coat of paint is a   way to make a place feel new again. But stick with neutral tones like grays and whites, which let the best features of your home stand out, rather than going with bold colors that might not suit everyone’s taste. You can find painters starting at $60 an hour on a site like Handy, which offers   handyman and cleaning services in New York and other major cities. “As an added bonus,” said Mr. Conlon of Douglas Elliman, “the faint whiff of paint can be as alluring to home buyers as   smell is to auto shoppers. ” 2. SHINE THE FLOORS “Unless your floors are severely damaged, it doesn’t make sense to have them refinished,” said Pat Christodoulou, who stages homes for sale in Connecticut and New York. Instead, she hires a handyman with a floor buffer, paying anywhere from $300 to wax and polish the floor of a small living room to $1, 500 for a Classic Six. “Many good buildings have a buffing machine,” she said, adding that if yours doesn’t, you could try asking for a handyman at another building down the block. 3. CLEAN UP THE BATHROOM Replacing missing tiles and   moldy areas are  . Small upgrades, like swapping out an old faucet, can brighten up the space. If your tub is looking dingy, a professional refinisher can repair dents, rub out rust spots and recoat it with a new finish in a day or so, for about $500 for a   bathtub, according to Homeadvisor. com, a   website. This technique, called reglazing, can be applied to those dated pink wall tiles as well, so long as they are in good shape. And if your bathroom is already in decent condition, a new bath mat, shower curtain and fresh towels may be all the sprucing up you need. 4. UPGRADE THE KITCHEN While remodeling an old kitchen is a sure way to help your home sell faster and at a higher price, it is possible to transform a dated space without a complete overhaul. A fresh coat of paint and new hardware will help refresh old cabinets.    wall tiles, which can be found at home improvement stores for as little as $8 a square foot, make adding a backsplash easy on the budget. And if you’re feeling a little more ambitious, an epoxy coating, sold at most home improvement stores for about $20, can give laminate countertops a new look and feel. Louise M. Devlin, an agent with Brown Harris Stevens who does a fair amount of business in 1960s   swears by this trick. “It’s a fantastic affordable option,” said Ms. Devlin, who hires a handyman to do the work, which involves sanding the countertop and mixing and applying several coatings of epoxy. The end result, which can be finished in a weekend, she said, “looks like a granite industrial finish. ” But what about those old appliances? While real estate professionals agree that replacing them can add value, it may not be worth the time involved or the cost of new   appliances. If your budget allows, consider buying steeply discounted appliances at stores that sell used kitchens, like BIG Reuse in Gowanus, Brooklyn, and Astoria, Queens, or Green Demolitions in Fairfield, N. J. 5. CLEAR THE CLUTTER “Sellers don’t realize how much stuff they have and how it deters most buyers,” said Kathleen Perkins, an associate broker at Douglas Elliman. “A good rule of thumb is to get rid of 50 percent of your stuff. ” This includes books, furniture and the clothes hanging in your closets, and it has the added effect of making small spaces seem bigger. Coffee tables, kitchen counters, windowsills and other surfaces should be cleared of family photos, plants and tchotchkes. Also, be sure to put away any personal effects  —   razors, hair dryers, shampoo bottles, toothbrushes  —   before showings. 6. DO A DEEP CLEANING Wash the windows inside and out and vacuum all the dust that’s accumulated in those exhaust fans, said Heather McMaster, an associate broker at the Corcoran Group: “Deep cleaning is so important, because while an apartment can show very neatly, it’s the details that people pick up on. ” According to Handy, the handyman and cleaning service, it usually takes about four or five hours to thoroughly scrub down a     apartment  —   including inside the cabinets, oven and refrigerator  —   and costs $100 to $135. 7. LIGHT IT UP “Every room should have at least three points of light,” said Alison Draper, an agent with Halstead Property who writes for a company blog about design and staging. That means a table lamp, a floor lamp and a task light, for example, or an overhead fixture and a couple of table lamps. Her   resource for inexpensive lighting is Ikea.",0
12751,The Rich and Us,"Email 
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates, having a net worth of $81.8 billion, and Amazon.com CEO Jeff Bezos, having a net worth of $70.4 billion, are the nation's two richest men. They are at the top of the Forbes 400 list of America's superrich individuals, people who have net worths of billions of dollars. Many see the rich as a danger. New York Times columnist Bob Herbert wrote, ""It doesn't really matter what ordinary people want. The wealthy call the tune, and the politicians dance."" His colleague Paul Krugman wrote, ""On paper, we're a one-person-one-vote nation; in reality, we're more than a bit of an oligarchy, in which a handful of wealthy people dominate."" It's sentiments like these that have led me to wish there were a humane way to get rid of the rich. For without having the rich around to be whipping boys and distract our attention, we might be able to concentrate on what's best for the 99.9 percent of the rest of us. 
Let's look at the power of the rich. With all the money that Gates, Bezos and other superrich people have, what can they force you or me to do? Can they condemn our houses to create space so that another individual can build an auto dealership or a casino parking lot? Can they force us to pay money into the government-run — and doomed — Obamacare program? Can they force us to bus our children to schools out of our neighborhood in the name of diversity? Can they force us to buy our sugar from a high-cost domestic producer rather than from a low-cost Caribbean producer? The answer to all of these questions is a big fat no. 
You say, ""Williams, I don't understand."" Let me be more explicit. Bill Gates cannot order you to enroll your child in another school in order to promote racial diversity. He has no power to condemn your house to make way for a casino parking lot. Unless our elected public officials grant them the power to rip us off, rich people have little power to force us to do anything. A lowly municipal clerk earning $50,000 a year has far more life-and-death power over us. It is that type of person to whom we must turn for permission to build a house, ply a trade, open a restaurant and do myriad other activities. It's government people, not rich people, who have the power to coerce us and rip us off. They have the power to make our lives miserable if we disobey. This coercive power goes a long way toward explaining legalized political corruption. 
Take just one of thousands of examples. The Fanjuls are among the biggest sugar cane growers, and they co-own the world's largest refining company, American Sugar Refining, which markets its product under the brand names Domino, C&H, Redpath, Tate & Lyle and Florida Crystals. During the 2014 election cycle, Florida Crystals contributed more than $860,000 to candidates and political spending groups. It spent more than $1 million lobbying Congress, the U.S. departments of Agriculture and Commerce, and the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative. Here's my question to you: Do you think it forked over all that money to help our elected representatives uphold and defend the U.S. Constitution? Nonsense. The Fanjuls and other sugar producers want Congress to use tariffs to keep foreign-produced sugar out of our country so they can reap the financial benefits from being able to charge Americans two to three times the world price of sugar. 
So here's the ultimate question: If some rich people can line the pockets of politicians to do their bidding at the expense of the rest of us, who's to blame? I think it's we, the people, who are to blame for not using our votes to run such politicians out of town — and that's most of them. But that might be deceitful of us, for we also ask politicians to enable us to live at the expense of others. 

Walter E. Williams is a professor of economics at George Mason University. To find out more about Walter E. Williams and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate webpage at www.creators.com . 
COPYRIGHT 2016 CREATORS.COM Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
12752,Homeschooling and Other Education Alternatives on the Rise,"Email 
Horace Mann, the first secretary of the Massachusetts Board of Education, speaking a few years before the Civil War, declared that public schools constituted “the greatest discovery ever made by man."" He added, ""Let the common [public) school be expanded to its capabilities, let it be worked with the efficiency of which it is susceptible, and nine-tenths of the crimes in the penal code would become obsolete; the long catalogue of human ills would be abridged; men would walk more safely by day; every pillow would be more inviolable by night.” 
Such utopian sentiments provoke laughter today, especially when one considers that a large part of the exodus from the public schools into private schools and homeschooling is because of the unsafe environment in many of America’s public schools. 
About 1.8 million children in the country are now homeschooled, with the numbers growing each year. This is double the number of homeschoolers as recently as 1999. Today, the number of children schooled at home represents 3.4 percent of U.S. students between the ages of five and 17. 
Twenty-five percent of parents surveyed have said that the environment of the public schools — including such issues as safety, drugs, and peer pressure — is the most important reason for either pulling their kids out, or not ever placing them there to begin with. About the same number (22 percent) cite either religious or moral instruction as a reason to homeschool. Others mention “dissatisfaction with the academic instruction in other schools,” while smaller numbers explain that their child has a special need, such as a physical or mental health problem. 
A more recent cause for the rise in homeschooling is the introduction of Common Core and other related aspects of nationally-driven standard curriculum in the public schools. In Sioux Falls, South Dakota, the number of homeschooled students has more than doubled, with the implementation of Common Core given as the principal reason for this explosive growth. Similar situations can be cited in many other states. In North Carolina, for example, there was a 14-percent increase in home schooling, with Common Core being listed as the number one reason. Home schooling has grown so quickly in that state that more children are now being homeschooled than are in private schools. 
Common Core is just the latest, and perhaps the most ambitious, reincarnation of continuing efforts to impose a nationalized curriculum. Past education ideas, such as Mastery Learning, Outcome-Based Education, No Child Left Behind, and the like share a common ideology: Every school in America should teach the same curriculum, and that curriculum should be imposed upon every student. 
This is accomplished via incessant testing. While advocates of “national standards” and “national testing” will usually deny that they are attempting to impose a national curriculum, the truth is that if you have national standards that are evaluated through national tests, you have a national curriculum. 
Many of the Founding Fathers were homeschooled, such as George Washington. The modern homeschool movement began in the 1960s, but grew slowly until the last couple of decades. One obstacle was that homeschooling was illegal in most of the states; however, these laws were changed over time, and by 1993 homeschooling was recognized in all 50 states. 
Several arguments have been advanced against homeschooling, of course. Some question whether students can learn to “socialize” when educated at home. Others contend that most parents are simply not equipped to supervise their child’s learning, especially as they grow older and need specialized instruction in more advanced subjects. 
Many of these well-meaning (in most cases) concerns about homeschooling are based upon misunderstandings about what is involved in homeschooling, and how it has evolved over the years. For example, many homeschooling parents have formed co-ops so their children can participate in group learning, sports, band, and other such activities, and have even started homeschool athletic teams. 
Where do the homeschoolers live? A little more than one-third live in the suburbs. About one-third live in rural areas, and a little less than a third are in cities. 
The public-school movement originated with reformers such as Horace Mann in the 19 th century, most of whom were Unitarians. Unitarians are an off-shoot of Christianity who reject a cardinal belief of the Christian faith: that human beings have a sinful nature. Unitarians believe in what is called the “perfectibility of man.” As can be seen in the Mann quotation that began this article, they viewed the public schools as the place this could best be accomplished. 
Their push for public schools was largely ignored, however, until the 1840s and 1850s, when the nation saw a rising tide of immigration from Ireland and Germany. Almost all of these immigrants were Roman Catholics, and this enabled Unitarians to enlist Protestant ministers in the movement for public schools. The early public schools opened with prayers, used the Bible as a textbook, and were more or less adjuncts of Protestant Christianity in the country. Because of this, the Catholics largely withdrew from the public schools and formed their own parochial schools. 
Of course, Catholics have nothing to fear today about having their children converted to Protestant Christianity (or any other kind) by sending their children to the public schools. The Christian faith is often questioned in history textbooks, the doctrine of special creation is mocked with the teaching of biological evolution in science classes, and secular humanism is the prevailing religious view in public-school classrooms. While there are many fine conservative and Christian school teachers in these public schools, the system works against them. 
Because the public schools are regarded by so many Christians as indifferent at best and hostile at worst to the Christian faith, we have seen tremendous growth in the number of private schools. There are many good private schools across the country; however, far too often the very same educational philosophy, complete with Common Core and the like, has also invaded these schools, even supposedly Christian schools. 
An example of yet another model of education available for parents to consider is the Freedom Project Academy (FPA), a classical school that offers online classes in real time, with live teachers and student interaction, not recorded lessons. From its inception in 2011, FPA has grown tremendously, with 35 percent growth in one year, and now has over 600 students enrolled across the country, from kindergarten through high school. Its media, original programming, and scholastic materials have been accessed by millions of students and viewers. 
Graduates have enrolled in higher education, have accepted internships, and have entered the workforce. They are prepared to compete academically at an extremely high level, bolstered by an education centered on civics, economics, writing, and math, and fortified by the Judeo-Christian values that are at the heart of the curriculum. 
Dr. Duke Pesta, the academic director for FPA, told The New American , “Many kids who take our placement exams end up joining FPA after spending a few years in private schools, where parents become frustrated with the cost of tuition and imposition of Common Core in the classroom.” 
Pesta added that FPA is partnering with private schools, homeschools, co-ops, and churches, “beaming our teachers and curriculum into their local communities,” giving families a quality, yet affordable, education in safe spaces. He noted that “FPA’s reputation as a national leader in online K-12 education has provided a platform for us to offer national leadership in the fight against Common Core standards and the federalization of education. [FPA kids are] economically literate, schooled in the Constitution and founding documents. We are creating morally responsible, civic-minded thinkers, and we’re doing it without the help of the federal government.” 
Pesta encouraged interested persons to visit facebook.com/FreedomProjectEducation/. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
12753,NEW Wikileaks Emails Discuss “Fastwalker” UFOs,"In the latest Wikileaks UFO news, a recently released email implies the U.S. government’s knowledge of so-called “Fastwalker” UFOs. “Fastwalker” is a term used by NORAD and branches of armed forces to describe unidentified aerial phenomena moving and/or changing directions at high speed far beyond what current aerospace technology is capable of.
The March 6, 2015 email concerning Fastwalkers was written by Bob Fish, a NASA historian and Apollo Curator for the USS Hornet Museum, and sent to John Podesta, Chairman of the 2016 Hillary Clinton presidential campaign and former adviser to Presidents Bill Clinton and Barack Obama.
So-called “Fastwalker” UFOs are often spotted in ISS live feeds.
In the email, Fish describes overhearing members of the U.S. government’s Defense Satellite Program (DSP) discussing recent sightings of Fastwalker UFOs. According to Fish’s email, these Fastwalkers came from unknown locations in distant space :
One of these times, a member of that group was really excited – said they’d just picked up Fastwalker (I assumed that same day). He described how it entered our atmosphere from “deep space” (origin actually unknown, of course, but from the backside of the satellite) and zipped by the DSP satellite pretty closely on its way to earth.
Fish’s email is pure hearsay, no doubt, but Fish seems to recognize that such anecdotal evidence, blurred photographs, and crop circles will never win over the minds of the general public. In another email dated March 5, 2015, Fish wrote Podesta again, this time to stress the need for hard scientific proof of extraterrestrial intelligence :
What needs to be collected and publicly disseminated is hard scientific data collected from instruments that are known to be accurate and reliable. Within the US, this information has existed for many years and is still available today, if one knows “where to look” and “what to look for.
Some of these emails were forwarded to Leslie Kean, an investigative journalist and noted UFO researcher who co-founded the Coalition for Freedom of Information (CFi), an “independent alliance advocating for greater government openness on information about UFOs.” Kean has been known to accuse the government of UFO coverups in the past, so her presence in these email chains adds some credibility to the theories that the Obama administration might be close to announcing the government’s knowledge of UFOs . Fingers crossed, and eyes to the skies.
Source: Mysterious Universe 
",0
12754,"Hillary's 33,000 emails might not be 'missing' after all","THE DELETER OF THE FREE WORLD Hillary's 33,000 emails might not be 'missing' after all Files backed up on multiple platforms never subpoened by FBI Published: 19 mins ago 
(New York Post) For months now, we’ve been told that Hillary Clinton’s 33,000 missing emails were permanently erased and destroyed beyond recovery. But newly released FBI notes strongly suggest they still exist in several locations — and they could be recovered, if only someone would impanel a grand jury and seize them. 
In a May interview with FBI agents, an executive with the Denver contractor that maintained Clinton’s private server revealed that an underling didn’t bleach-clean all her subpoenaed emails, just ones he stored in a data file he used to transfer the emails from the server to Clinton’s aides, who in turn sorted them for delivery to Congress. 
The Platte River Networks executive, whose name was redacted from the interview report, said PRN tech Paul Combetta “created a ‘vehicle’ to transfer email files from the live mailboxes of [Clinton Executive Services Corp.] email accounts [and] then later used BleachBit software to shred the ‘vehicle,’ but the email content still existed in the live email accounts.”",0
12755,"In Trump’s Security Pick, Michael Flynn, ‘Sharp Elbows’ and No Dissent - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Days after Islamist militants stormed the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, in 2012, Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn reached a conclusion that stunned some of his subordinates at the Defense Intelligence Agency: Iran had a role in the attack, he told them. Now, he added, it was their job to prove it  —   and, by implication, to show that the White House was wrong about what had led to the attack. Mr. Flynn, whom   Donald J. Trump has chosen to be his national security adviser, soon took to pushing analysts to find Iran’s hidden hand in the disaster, according to current and former officials familiar with the episode. But like many other investigations into Benghazi, theirs found no evidence of any links, and the general’s stubborn insistence reminded some officials at the agency of how the Bush administration had once relentlessly sought to connect Saddam Hussein and Iraq to the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. Years before Mr. Flynn met Mr. Trump, his brief tenure running the Defense Intelligence Agency foreshadowed some of the same qualities he has exhibited more recently as he has plunged into politics and controversy as a key campaign adviser to Mr. Trump, who shared his desire to usurp what he viewed as Washington’s incompetent and corrupt elite. Many of those who observed the general’s time at the agency described him as someone who alienated both superiors and subordinates with his sharp temperament, his refusal to brook dissent, and what his critics considered a conspiratorial worldview. Those qualities could prove problematic for a national security adviser, especially one who will have to mediate the conflicting views of cabinet secretaries and agencies for a president with no experience in defense or foreign policy issues. Traditionally, the job has gone to a Washington veteran: Condoleezza Rice, for instance, or Thomas E. Donilon. The new job will give Mr. Flynn, 57, nearly unfettered access to the Oval Office. Whether it is renewed bloodletting in Ukraine, a North Korean nuclear test or a hurricane swamping Haiti, he will often have the last word with Mr. Trump about how the United States should react. For Mr. Flynn, serving as the president’s chief adviser on defense and foreign policy matters, represents a triumphal return to government after being dismissed as agency director in 2014 after two years there. Heading the agency, the Pentagon’s intelligence arm, was supposed to be the capstone of a storied career. Through tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, Mr. Flynn had built a reputation as a brash and outspoken officer with an unusual talent for unraveling terrorist networks, and both his fiercest critics and his outspoken supporters praise his work from those wars. In numerous interviews and speeches over the past year, Mr. Flynn, who did not respond to requests for comment for this article, has maintained that he was forced out as director for refusing to toe the Obama administration’s line that Al Qaeda was in retreat. The claim has made the general something of a cult figure among many Republicans. “D. I. A. has always been a problem child and it remains that way,” said Representative Devin Nunes, the California Republican who is chairman of the House Intelligence Committee and a member of Mr. Trump’s transition team. “Flynn tried to get in there and fix things and he was only given two years until they ran him out because they didn’t like his assessment. ” The congressman added: “They didn’t have an excuse to fire him, so they made it up. Nobody has been able to fix that place. ” But others say he was forced out for a relatively simple reason: He failed to effectively manage a sprawling, largely civilian bureaucracy. At the agency, “Flynn surrounded himself with loyalists. In implementing his vision, he moved at light speed, but he didn’t communicate effectively,” said Douglas H. Wise,  deputy director from 2014 until he retired in August. “He didn’t tolerate it well when subordinates didn’t move fast enough,” he said. “As a senior military officer, he expected compliance and didn’t want any pushback. ” Founded in 1961, the Defense Intelligence Agency has long been in the shadow of the Central Intelligence Agency, and with the end of the Cold War it lost its primary mission of collecting and analyzing information about the Soviet military. Strained by a decade of conflict in Afghanistan and Iraq, it was performing an uncertain role within the constellation of American spy agencies when Mr. Flynn arrived at headquarters in  . The agency’s system of human intelligence collection was perceived as largely broken. The effort to rebuild it was underway when Mr. Flynn took control in 2012, but he made it immediately known that he had a dim view of the agency’s recent performance. During a tense gathering of senior officials at an   retreat, he gave the assembled group a taste of his leadership philosophy, according to one person who attended the meeting and insisted on anonymity to discuss classified matters. Mr. Flynn said that the first thing everyone needed to know was that he was always right. His staff would know they were right, he said, when their views melded to his. The room fell silent, as employees processed the lecture from their new boss. Current and former employees said Mr. Flynn had trouble adjusting his style for an organization with a   work force that was 80 percent civilian. He was used to a strict military chain of command, and was at times uncomfortable with the      that is common among intelligence analysts. Some also described him as a Captain   character, paranoid that his staff members were undercutting him and credulous of conspiracy theories. At times, the general also exhibited what a number of officials described as   on the larger strategic challenges confronting the nation. The most glaring example came in early March 2014, just after Russia had seized Crimea. American officials were weighing whether to impose sanctions in response, but Mr. Flynn was pushing ahead with plans to travel to Moscow to build on an existing   initiative with his Russian counterparts. He also wanted to invite Russian military intelligence officials to Washington to discuss the threat of Islamist militants. His superiors ordered both canceled. By the end of his tenure, he had largely cut out senior staff members from significant   relying instead on a small circle of trusted advisers he had come to know during his overseas military deployments. His bosses  —   Michael G. Vickers, the under secretary of defense for intelligence, and James R. Clapper, the director of national intelligence  —   came to think that the agency was adrift, and that Mr. Flynn refused to address its biggest problems. “Regrettably, he got engaged in an increasingly bitter and organizationally paralyzing feud with his senior staff when he should have been focused on building the intelligence capabilities” of the agency, said Mr. Vickers, who was Mr. Flynn’s immediate boss at the Pentagon. During his tour in Iraq, he served under Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal, running intelligence for the military’s Joint Special Operations Command, whose relentless campaign of raids and airstrikes hollowed out Al Qaeda in Iraq. When General McChrystal went to run the war in Afghanistan in 2009, Mr. Flynn signed on as his intelligence chief. “He wasn’t a staid intelligence officer. He was aggressive. He was about the mission,” said Richard M. Frankel, a former senior F. B. I. official who worked with Mr. Flynn at the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. “He can have sharp elbows because he is about the mission. ” He burnished his reputation as an intelligence officer  —   but also for controversy. He   a paper, “Fixing Intel,” that offered an early hint of his disdain for the civilian intelligence analysts he would later clash with at the Defense Intelligence Agency. Published by a Washington think tank, it bluntly stated that “the U. S. intelligence community is only marginally relevant to the overall strategy,” infuriating officials at the D. I. A. and the C. I. A. More problematic from the military’s perspective was Mr. Flynn’s willingness to share intelligence with other countries. He returned to Washington at the end of 2010, and found himself under investigation for sharing sensitive data with Pakistan about the Haqqani network, arguably the most capable faction of the Taliban, and for providing highly classified intelligence to British and Australian forces fighting in Afghanistan. His superiors eventually concluded that he was trying to prod Pakistan to crack down on the Haqqanis (they have yet to do so) and the general remains unapologetic about sharing intelligence with British and Australian forces. “They’re our closest allies! I mean, really, we’re fighting together and I can’t share a single piece of paper?” he said in an interview last year. Around the same time, he was also getting to know Michael A. Ledeen, a controversial writer and former Reagan administration official. The two men connected immediately, sharing a similar worldview and a belief that America was in a world war against Islamist militants allied with Russia, Cuba and North Korea. That worldview is what Mr. Flynn came to be best known for during the presidential campaign, when he argued that the United States faced a singular, overarching threat, and that there was just one accurate way to describe it: “radical Islamic terrorism. ” He has posted on Twitter that fear of Muslims is rational, written that Islamic law is spreading in the United States, and said that Islam itself is more like a political ideology than a religion. The United States, he wrote in “Field of Fight,” a book about radical Islam he   with Mr. Ledeen, is “in a world war, but very few people recognize it. ” Mr. Flynn saw the Benghazi attack in September 2012 as just one skirmish in this global war. But it was his initial reaction to the event, immediately seeking evidence of an Iranian role, that many saw as emblematic of a conspiratorial bent. Iran, a Shiite nation, has generally eschewed any alliance with Sunni militants like the ones who attacked the American diplomatic compound. For weeks, he pushed analysts for evidence that the attack might have had a state sponsor  —   sometimes shouting at them when they didn’t come to the conclusions he wanted. The attack, he told his analysts, was a “black swan” event that required more creative intelligence analysis to decipher. “To ask employees to look for the . 0001 percent chance of something when you have an actual emergency and dead Americans is beyond the pale,” said Joshua Manning, an agency analyst from 2009 to 2013. Beyond Benghazi, American officials said that in time, the general grew angrier at what he saw as the Obama administration’s passivity in dealing with worldwide threats  —   from Sunni extremist terrorism to Iran. He also saw the C. I. A. an organization he had long disdained, as overly political and too willing to advance the White House’s agenda. In particular, he became convinced that the C. I. A. was refusing to declassify many of the documents found at Osama bin Laden’s compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan, because they seemed to undercut the administration’s narrative about Qaeda strength at the time Bin Laden was killed. “If they put out what we knew, then the president could’ve not said, in a national election, Al Qaeda’s on the run and we’ve killed Bin Laden,” Mr. Flynn said before the latest election, referring to Mr. Obama’s 2012   bid. “Even today, he talks about Bin Laden as though that was a stroke of genius. I mean, c’mon!”",0
12756,Ucla Prof Would Rather Vote For Dog Poop Than Trump,"Re: #UCLA PROF WOULD RATHER VOTE FOR DOG POOP THAN TRUMP ""UCLA Professor"" is an oxymoron. Peace is a lie, there is only passion.Through passion, I gain strength.Through strength, I gain power.Through power, I gain victory.Through victory, my chains are broken.The Force shall free me.Or something",0
12757,Man uses Trump victory as excuse to call ex-girlfriend,"Man uses Trump victory as excuse to call ex-girlfriend 10-11-16 A MAN has decided the US election result is sufficiently insane to justify calling his ex-girlfriend. Martin Bishop woke up yesterday to news of Donald Trump’s election, and thought it was a solid excuse to call his ex, Donna Sheridan, and ask her what she thought. Bishop said, “I tried to call her after Brexit but I just got her answer machine. “ Today I got through though, which has nothing to do with the fact I’ve got a new number. “ I asked her if everything was OK and if she’d seen the election result and she said she had. Then there was a bit of a silence so I asked her if she’d come across that cordless drill I couldn’t find when I moved out. “ She said she hadn’t, so then I asked her if that dipshit barman she was screwing now even knew what a Black and Decker was and then she hung up on me. “ Fucking Trump.”",0
12758,Experts Just Uncovered The Top Secret Server Trump Uses To Talk To Russia,"Comments 
A private group of technical experts has reviewed meta-data about the Trump Organization’s internet usage and just concluded that the Republican nominee is using a personal email server to surreptitiously communicate from the Trump-email.com domain with a controversial Moscow-based bank, Alfa Bank. 
The timing of the Russian communications coincides perfectly with milestones throughout the election (see chart at bottom), and the very high level of secrecy deployed to hide them is going to be hard to explain away for the Trump campaign. 
Adding fuel to the building controversy, when researchers contacted Alfa Bank for comment, the Trump Organization quickly shut down the server: 
The Times hadn’t yet been in touch with the Trump campaign—Lichtblau spoke with the campaign a week later—but shortly after it reached out to Alfa, the Trump domain name in question seemed to suddenly stop working. 
The computer scientists believe there was one logical conclusion to be drawn: The Trump Organization shut down the server after Alfa was told that the Times might expose the connection. Weaver told me the Trump domain was “very sloppily removed.” Or as another of the researchers put it, it looked like “the knee was hit in Moscow, the leg kicked in New York.” 
But with their eyes watching, the Trump Organization casually re-connected with Alfa Bank only four days later, on a different server. All of this was captured in the Domain Name System (DNS), which is the internet’s internal directory system. DNS leaves log records all over saying how often website visits happen, and it’s the very same web services which was attacked last week , taking down Twitter, The New York Times and others. DNS is the system that routes our internet requests using names instead of numbers, and it keeps logs with IP address numbers and timestamps. 
In this case, the meta-data practically screams to experts, because it shows that there is little other traffic of any other kind by design. As we learned from Edward Snowden, the meta-data of a situation is incomplete, but it can tell you a lot. 
The new domain is owned by one of Trump’s hospitality marketing contract companies, which dispels Trump’s blown cover story that the private server is just used for marketing. 
Domain registration information also confirmed that the same marketing team works on both Trump-email.com and the new client-contact.com email addresses being used. Furthermore, the world-renowned technical expert Paul Vixie revealed that the Trump Organization went to extra-ordinary lengths to shut out all traffic that isn’t from Alfa Bank. 
There is a more sinister reason for creating a private email server that only participates in conversation with one specific party was identified by computing legend Paul Vixie: 
Earlier this month, the group of computer scientists passed the logs to Paul Vixie . In the world of DNS experts, there’s no higher authority. Vixie wrote central strands of the DNS code that makes the internet work. After studying the logs, he concluded, “The parties were communicating in a secretive fashion. The operative word is secretive . This is more akin to what criminal syndicates do if they are putting together a project.” 
Put differently, the logs suggested that Trump and Alfa had configured something like a digital hotline connecting the two entities, shutting out the rest of the world, and designed to obscure its own existence. Over the summer, the scientists observed the communications trail from a distance. 
Ironically, the academics and others started looking for foreign interference in order to protect both campaigns from outside meddling. It appears as if only one of the two campaigns conspired to that end: 
The computer scientists posited a logical hypothesis, which they set out to rigorously test: If the Russians were worming their way into the DNC, they might very well be attacking other entities central to the presidential campaign, including Donald Trump’s many servers. “We wanted to help defend both campaigns, because we wanted to preserve the integrity of the election,” says one of the academics, who works at a university that asked him not to speak with reporters because of the sensitive nature of his work. 
When researchers contacted Alfa Bank for comment, suddenly the Trump Organization shut down their email domain quickly. 
Four days later, the Trump Organization and Alfa Bank resumed communications – and it was the bank who contacted the Republican nominee’s company from Moscow, somehow knowing the new code to interact with the Trump private email server. 
This new information shows that after Trump asked Putin to hack America’s election to prejudice them against Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in late July, traffic between the campaign and the Russian bank spiked. 
In the end, this is yet another matter that the FBI will surely have to investigate.. The question is: will they be fair and release the files from their inquiry in the kind of “act of radical transparency” that Director James Comey imposed on Hillary?",0
12759,ALL WARS ARE BANKERS' WARS!,"Louis T. McFadden 
Louis T. McFadden 
Louis T. McFadden was a member of the House of Representatives in the twenties and thirties. He was the chair of the House Banking and Currency Committee during the twenties. He used his position in Congress occasionally to crusade against the Federal Reserve. ""Mr. Chairman, we have in this country one of the most corrupt institutions the world has ever known. I refer to the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal reserve banks. The Federal Reserve Board, a Government board, has cheated the Government of the United States out of enough money to pay the national debt. The depredations and the iniquities of the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal reserve banks acting together have cost this country enough money to pay the national debt several times over. This evil institution has impoverished and ruined the people of the United States; has bankrupted itself, and has practically bankrupted our Government. It has done this through defects of the law under which it operates, through the maladministration of that law by the Federal Reserve Board and through the corrupt practices of the moneyed vultures who control it."" -- Louis T. McFadden, June 10, 1932 
At one point McFadden started impeachment proceedings against the entire board of the federal reserve. Not too surprisingly, there were three attempts on McFadden's life, one shooting and two poisonings, the second of which was cuccessful. Although still officially declared as heart failure, newspapers of the time reported ... ""Now that this sterling American patriot has made the Passing, it can be revealed that not long after his public utterance against the encroaching powers of Judah, it became known among his intimates that he had suffered two attacks against his life. The first attack came in the form of two revolver shots fired at him from ambush as he was alighting from a cab in front of one of the Capital hotels. Fortunately both shots missed him, the bullets burying themselves in the structure of the cab. 
""He became violently ill after partaking of food at a political banquet at Washington. His life was only saved from what was subsequently announced as a poisoning by the presence of a physician friend at the banquet, who at once procured a stomach pump and subjected the Congressman to emergency treatment."" 
President John F. Kennedy 
President John F. Kennedy 
As President, John F. Kennedy understood the predatory nature of private central banking. He understood why Andrew Jackson fought so hard to end the Second Bank of the United States. So Kennedy wrote and signed Executive Order 11110 which ordered the US Treasury to issue a new public currency, the United States Note. 
Kennedy's United States Note - Click for larger 
Kennedy's United States Notes were not borrowed from the Federal Reserve but created by the US Government and backed by the silver stockpiles held by the US Government. It represented a return to the system of economics the United States had been founded on, and was perfectly legal for Kennedy to do. All told, some four and one half billion dollars went into public circulation, eroding interest payments to the Federal Reserve and loosening their control over the nation. Five months later John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas Texas, and the United States Notes pulled from circulation and destroyed (except for samples held by collectors). 
John J. McCloy 

John J. McCloy, President of the Chase Manhattan Bank, and President of the World Bank, was named to the Warren Commission, presumably to make certain the banking dimensions behind the assassination were concealed from the public. Kennedy's E.O. 11110 has never been repealed and is still in effect, although no modern President dares to use it. Almost all of the current national debt has been created since 1963. 
As we enter the eleventh year of what future history will most certainly describe as World War Three, we need to examine the financial dimensions behind the wars. 
Towards the end of World War Two, when it became obvious that the allies were going to win and dictate the post war environment, the major world economic powers met at Bretton Woods, a luxury resort in New Hampshire in July of 1944, and hammered out the Bretton Woods agreement for international finance. The British Pound lost its position as the global trade and reserve currency to the US dollar (part of the price demanded by Roosevelt in exchange for the US entry into the war). Absent the economic advantages of being the world's ""go-to"" currency, Britain was forced to nationalize the Bank of England in 1946. The Bretton Woods agreement, ratified in 1945, in addition to making the dollar the global reserve and trade currency, obligated the signatory nations to tie their currencies to the dollar. The nations that ratified Bretton Woods did so on two conditions. The first was that the Federal Reserve would refrain from over-printing the dollar as a means to loot real products and produce from other nations in exchange for ink and paper; basically an imperial tax. That assurance was backed up by the second requirement, which was that the US dollar would always be convertible to gold at $35 per ounce. 
The Bretton Woods resort, New Hampshire 
The Federal Reserve, being a private bank and not answerable to the US Government, did start overprinting paper dollars, and much of the perceived prosperity of the 1950s and 1960s was the result of foreign nations' obligations to accept the paper notes as being worth gold at the rate of $35 an ounce. Then in 1970, France looked at the huge pile of paper notes sitting in their vaults, for which real French products like wine and cheese had been traded, and notified the United States government that they would exercise their option under Bretton Woods to return the paper notes for gold at the $35 per ounce exchange rate. The United States had nowhere near the gold to redeem the paper notes. By 1966, the IMF estimated foreign central banks held $14 billion U.S. dollars, however the United States had only $3.2 billion in gold to redeem those paper notes! So on August 15th, 1971, Richard Nixon ""temporarily"" suspended the gold convertibility of the US Federal Reserve Notes. 
Nixon announces the end of gold convertability 
Later termed the ""Nixon shock"", this move effectively ended Bretton Woods and many global currencies started to delink from the US dollar. 
The ""Nixon Shock"" 
Worse, since the United States had collateralized their loans with the nation's gold reserves, it quickly became apparent that the US Government did not in fact have enough gold to cover the outstanding debts. Foreign nations began to get very nervous about their loans to the US and understandably were reluctant to loan any additional money to the United States without some form of collateral. So Richard Nixon started the environmental movement, with the EPA and its various programs such as ""wilderness zones"", Roadless areas"", Heritage rivers"", ""Wetlands"", all of which took vast areas of public lands and made them off limits to the American people who were technically the owners of those lands. But Nixon had little concern for the environment and the real purpose of this land grab under the guise of the environment was to pledge those pristine lands and their vast mineral resources as collateral on the national debt. The plethora of different programs was simply to conceal the true scale of how much American land was being pledged to foreign lenders as collateral on the government's debts; eventually almost 25% of the nation itself. All of this is illegal as the Enclave Clause of the Constitution limits the Federal Government to owning the land under Federal Government buildings and military bases, and that Enclave Clause was written into the Constitution by the Founding Fathers specifically to prevent the Federal Government simply seizing the land belonging to the people to sell off, pledge as collateral, or rent! 
click for full size image 
With open lands for collateral already in short supply, the US Government embarked on a new program to shore up sagging international demand for the dollar. The United States approached the world's oil producing nations, mostly in the Middle East, and offered them a deal. In exchange for only selling their oil for dollars, the United States would guarantee the military safety of those oil-rich nations. The oil rich nations would agree to spend and invest their US paper dollars inside the United States, in particular in US Treasury Bonds, redeemable through the slave labor of future generations of US taxpayers. The concept was labeled the ""petrodollar"". In effect, the US, no longer able to back the dollar with gold, was now backing it with oil. Other peoples' oil. And that necessity to keep control over those oil nations to prop up the dollar has shaped America's foreign policy in the region ever since. 
But as America's manufacturing and agriculture has declined, the oil producing nations faced a dilemma. Those piles of US Federal Reserve notes were not able to purchase much from the United States because the United States had little (other than real estate) anyone wanted to buy. Europe's cars and aircraft were superior and less costly, while experiments with GMO food crops led to nations refusing to buy US food exports. Israel's constant belligerence against its neighbors caused them to wonder if the US could actually keep their end of the petrodollar arrangement. Oil producing nations started to talk of selling their oil for whatever currency the purchasers chose to use. 
Saddam Hussein and the lie of Iraq's nuclear weapons 
Saddam Hussein 
Iraq, already hostile to the United States following Desert Storm, demanded the right to sell their oil for Euros in 2000 and in 2002, the United Nations agreed to allow it under the ""Oil for food"" program instituted following Desert Storm. One year later the United States re-invaded Iraq under the lie of Saddam's nuclear weapons, lynched Saddam Hussein, and placed Iraq's oil back on the world market only for US dollars. 
The clear US policy shift following 9-11, away from being an impartial broker of peace in the Mideast to one of unquestioned support for Israel's aggressions only further eroded confidence in the Petrodollar deal and even more oil producing nations started openly talking of oil trade for other global currencies. 
Gaddafi and the Gold Dinar 
Gaddafi 
Over in Libya, Muammar Gaddafi had instituted a state-owned central bank and a value based trade currency, the Gold Dinar. 
The Gold Dinar 
Gaddafi announced that Libya's oil was for sale, but only for the Gold Dinar. Other African nations, seeing the rise of the Gold Dinar and the Euro, even as the US dollar continued its inflation-driven decline, flocked to the new Libyan currency for trade. This move had the potential to seriously undermine the global hegemony of the dollar. French President Nicolas Sarkozy reportedly went so far as to call Libya a “threat” to the financial security of the world. So, the United States invaded Libya, brutally murdered Qaddafi ( the object lesson of Saddam's lynching not being enough of a message, apparently), imposed a private central bank, and returned Libya's oil output to dollars only. The gold that was to have been made into the Gold Dinars, 144 tons of it, is as of last report, unaccounted for. 
UPDATE: Emails surfacing as part of the investigation into Hilary Clinton's use of a private email server for classified information CONFIRM that the real reason for the US invasion of Libya was to destroy the threat of the Gold Dinar becoming a pan-African currency, displacing the dollar! 
General Wesley Clark blows the whistle on US plans to conquer the oil-rich Middle East 
According to General Wesley Clark, the master plan for the ""dollarification"" of the world's oil nations included seven targets, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and Iran (Venezuela, which dared to sell their oil to China for the Yuan, is a late addition). What is notable about the original seven nations originally targeted by the US is that none of them are members of the Bank for International Settlements, the private central bankers private central bank, located in Switzerland. This meant that these nations were deciding for themselves how to run their nations' economies, rather than submit to the international private banks. 
UPDATE: Emails from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton released as part of the Benghazi investigation confirm that the true motive for the attack on Libya was to control the Libyan oil reserves and to destroy Libya's gold-backed currency. 
Now the bankers' gun sights are on Iran, which dares to have a government central bank and sell their oil for whatever currency they choose. The war agenda is, as always, to force Iran's oil to be sold only for US dollars and to force them to accept a privately owned central bank. Malaysia, one of the few remaining nations without a Rothschild central bank, is now being invaded by a force claimed to be ""Al Qaeda"" and has suffered numerous suspicious losses of its commercial passenger jets. 
With the death of President Hugo Chavez, plans to impose a US and banker friendly regime on Venezuela are clearly being implemented. 
So, just where is the gold? 
Germany's gold bullion. Where is it? 
The German government recently asked for the return of some of their gold bullion from the Bank of France and the New York Federal Reserve. France has said it will take 5 years to return Germany's gold. The United States has said they will need 8 years to return Germany's gold. This suggests strongly that the Bank of France and the NY Federal Reserve have used the deposited gold for other purposes, most likely to cover gold futures contracts used to artificially suppress the price of gold to keep investors in the equities markets, and the Central Banks are scrambling to find new gold to cover the shortfall and prevent a gold run. So it is inevitable that suddenly France invades Mali, ostensibly to combat Al Qaeda, with the US joining in. Mali just happens to be one of the world's largest gold producers with gold accounting for 80% of Mali exports. War for the bankers does not get more obvious than that! 
Mexico has demanded a physical audit of their gold bullion stored at the Bank of England, and along with Venezuela's vast oil reserves (larger than Saudi Arabia), Venezuela's gold mines are a prize lusted after by all the Central Banks that played fast and loose with other peoples' gold bullion. So we can expect regime change if not outright invasion soon. 
Can a bank foreclose on your house if they have provided nothing of real value in the mortgage? 
A little remembered footnote in banking history occurred in December 1968. A bank was moving to foreclose on a house, and the homeowner decided to fight the foreclosure in court, arguing that contract law requires two contracting parties to agree to swap two items of value, legally called the ""consideration."" In the case of First National Bank of Montgomery vs. Jerome Daly , Daly argued that since the bank simply wrote a number in a ledger to create the loaned money out of think air, there was no real value and therefore no legally binding consideration. The lawyers for the bank admitted that this is how the bank works. They create money out of thin air as a ledger or computer entry, which you must repay with your labor. And there was no law in 1968 that specifically gave banks the legal right to do that. Daly argued that because there was no equal consideration, the mortgage was null and void and the attempt to foreclose invalid. The jury agreed! So did Judge Mahoney, who resisted demands to over-rule the jury in favor of the bank, and wrote a simple streightforward decision that stated that there was no question that the mortgage contract was void because the claim that the bank simply made up the money out of thin air was not disputed by the bank itself. 
Judge Mahoney was murdered with poison less than six months later, and the lawyer representing Daly was debarred. The decision in favor of Daly was then nullified on procedural grounds and the entire matter forgotten! 
You are BRAINWASHED! 
You have been raised by a public school system and media that constantly assures you that the reasons for all these wars and assassinations are many and varied. The US claims to bring democracy to the conquered lands (they haven't; the usual result of a US overthrow is the imposition of a dictatorship, such as the 1953 CIA overthrow of Iran's democratically elected government of Mohammad Mosaddegh and the imposition of the Shah, or the 1973 CIA overthrow of Chile's democratically elected government of President Salvador Allende , and the imposition of Augusto Pinochet ), or to save a people from a cruel oppressor, revenge for 9-11, or that tired worn-out catch all excuse for invasion, weapons of mass destruction. Assassinations are always passed off as ""crazed lone nuts"" to obscure the real agenda. 
The real agenda is simple. It is enslavement of the people by creation of a false sense of obligation. That obligation is false because the Private Central Banking system, by design, always creates more debt than money with which to pay that debt. Private Central Banking is not science, it is a religion; a set of arbitrary rules created to benefit the priesthood, meaning the owners of the Private Central Bank. The fraud persists, with often lethal results, because the people are tricked into believing that this is the way life is supposed to be and no alternative exists or should be dreamt of. The same was true of two earlier systems of enslavement, Rule by Divine Right and Slavery, both systems built to trick people into obedience, and both now recognized by modern civilizatyion as illegitimate. Now we are entering a time in human history where we will recognize that rule by debt, or rule by Private Central Bankers issuing the public currency as a loan at interest, is equally illegitimate. It only works as long as people allow themselves to believe that this is the way life is supposed to be. 
But understand this above all; Private Central Banks do not exist to serve the people, the community, or the nation. Private Central Banks exist to serve their owners, to make them rich beyond the dreams of Midas and all for the cost of ink, paper, and the right bribe to the right official. 
Behind all these wars, all these assassinations, the hundred million horrible deaths from all the wars lies a single policy of dictatorship. The private central bankers allow rulers to rule only on the condition that the people of a nation be enslaved to the private central banks. Failing that, said ruler will be killed, and their nation invaded by those other nations enslaved to private central banks. 
The so-called ""clash of civilizations"" we read about on the corporate media is really a war between banking systems, with the private central bankers forcing themselves onto the rest of the world, no matter how many millions must die for it. Indeed the constant hatemongering against Muslims lies in a simple fact. Like the ancient Christians (prior to the Knights Templars private banking system) , Muslims forbid usury, or the lending of money at interest. And that is the reason our government and media insist they must be killed or converted. They refuse to submit to currencies issued at interest. They refuse to be debt slaves. 
So off to war your children must go, to spill their blood for the money-junkies' gold. We barely survived the last two world wars. In the nuclear/bioweapon age, are the private central bankers willing to risk incinerating the whole planet just to feed their greed? 
Apparently so. 
This brings us to the current situation in the Ukraine, Russia, and China. 
The European Union had been courting the government of the Ukraine to merge with the EU, and more to the point, entangle their economy with the private-owned European Central Bank. The government of the Ukraine was considering the move, but had made no commitments. Part of their concern lay with the conditions in other EU nations enslaved to the ECB, notably Cyprus, Greece, Spain, and Italy. So they were properly cautious. Then Russia stepped in with a better deal and the Ukraine, exercising the basic choice all consumers have to choose the best product at the best price, dropped the EU and announced they were going to go with Russia's offer. It was at that point that agents provocateurs flooded into the Ukraine, covertly funded by intelligence agency fronts like CANVAS and USAID, stirring up trouble, while the western media proclaimed this was a popular revolution. Snipers shot at people and this violence was blamed on then-President Yanukovich. However a leaked recording of a phone call between the EU's Catherine Ashton and Estonia's Foreign Minister Urmas Paet confirmed the snipers were working for the overthrow plotters, not the Ukrainian government. Urmas Paet has confirmed the authenticity of that phone call. 
This is a classic pattern of covert overthrow we have seen many times before. Since the end of WW2, the US has covertly tried to overthrow the governments of 56 nations, succeeding 25 times. Examples include the 1953 overthrow of Iran's elected government of Mohammed Mossadegh and the imposition of the Shah, the 1973 overthrow of Chile's elected government of Salvador Allende and the imposition of the Pinochet dictatorship, and of course, the current overthrow of Ukraine's elected government of Yanukovich and the imposition of the current unelected government, which is already gutting the Ukraine's wealth to hand to the western bankers. 
Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa have formed a parallel financial system called BRICS, scheduled to officially launch on January 1, 2015. As of this writing some 80 nations are ready to trade with BRICS in transactions that do not involve the US dollar. Despite US economic warfare against both Russia and China, the Ruble and Yuan are seen as more attractive for international trade and banking than the US dollar, hence the US attempt to fan the Ukraine crisis into war with Russia, and attempts to provoke North Korea as a back door to war with China. 
Click for larger image 
Flag waving and propaganda aside, all modern wars are wars by and for the private bankers, fought and bled for by third parties unaware of the true reason they are expected to gracefully be killed and crippled for. The process is quite simple. As soon as the Private Central Bank issues its currency as a loan at interest, the public is forced deeper and deeper into debt. When the people are reluctant to borrow any more, that is when the Keynesian economists demand the government borrow more to keep the pyramid scheme working. When both the people and government refuse to borrow any more, that is when wars are started, to plunge everyone even deeper into debt to pay for the war, then after the war to borrow more to rebuild. When the war is over, the people have about the same as they did before the war, except the graveyards are far larger and everyone is in debt to the private bankers for the next century. This is why Brown Brothers Harriman in New York was funding the rise of Adolf Hitler. 
As long as Private Central Banks are allowed to exist, inevitably as the night follows day there will be poverty, hopelessness, and millions of deaths in endless World Wars, until the Earth itself is sacrificed in flames to Mammon. 
The path to true peace on Earth lies in the abolishment of all private central banking everywhere, and a return to the state-issued value-based currencies that allow nations and people to become prosperous. ""Banks do not have an obligation to promote the public good."" -- Alexander Dielius, CEO, Germany, Austrian, Eastern Europe Goldman Sachs, 2010 ""I am just a banker doing God's work."" -- Lloyd Blankfein, CEO, Goldman Sachs, 2009",0
12760,Jewish Home touts Trump victory as sign of change,"November 9, 2016 Jewish Home touts Trump victory as sign of change 
Education Minister Naftali Bennett and Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked (Jewish Home) responded Wednesday morning to the news of Donald Trump’s election victory over Hillary Clinton, congratulating the new President-elect and offering his thanks to the former Secretary of State.“I congratulate   Trump, and all the American people. We thank Hillary Clinton for her friendship with Israel,” said Bennett in a statementShaked also congratulated Trump, praising him as a “true friend of Israel.”Bennett pledged to strengthen the “special relationship” between Israel and the US, adding that Trump’s win offers the chance to scrap a central tenet of American foreign policy in the Middle East for five decades – Palestinian statehood, which was conspicuously absent from the Republican platform.“We are sure the special relationship between the United States and Israel will continue, and even grow stronger.”",0
12761,Le Royaume-Uni reprend la formation des jihadistes en Syrie,"Le Royaume-Uni reprend la formation des jihadistes en Syrie Réseau Voltaire | 1er novembre 2016 Español Deutsch Le ministre britannique de la Défense, Michael Fallon, a annoncé que son pays allait reformer l’Armée syrienne libre. Son gouvernement reprend ainsi le programme de formation de combattants dits « modérés » qui avait été lancé par le président Obama en 2014.
L’Armée syrienne libre a été créée par la France en 2011 autour du chef libyen d’al-Qaïda Abdelhakim Belhaj. L’opération avait été présentée comme une aide à des déserteurs syriens conduits par le colonel Riad el-Asaad. Progressivement les membres de l’ASL ont rejoint al-Qaïda. En 2016, l’étiquette de l’ASL a été ressuscitée par la Turquie qui en a fait usage pour ses milices turkmènes.
Les États-Unis avaient quant à eux dépensé un demi milliard de dollars pour la formation de nouveaux « combattants rebelles ». Cependant, la totalité des personnes formées a aujourd’hui rejoint al-Qaïda.
Il donc fort probable que le nouveau programme britannique masque une nouvelle aide à al-Qaïda.",0
12762,Muere un informático al caerse de la nube,"Muere un informático al caerse de la nube POR SUERTE, EN LA NUBE HAY UNA COPIA DE SEGURIDAD DEL FALLECIDO ordenadores 
Un informático ha muerto tras precipitarse de la nube. La tragedia se produjo esta mañana mientras la víctima se encontraba navegando por el ciberespacio. Según los testigos, el informático se tropezó con un archivo mal adjuntado y, aunque trató de agarrarse a una barra de herramientas, acabó dándose en el suelo con todo el disco duro. 
Los expertos en seguridad cibernética advierten de los peligros del WiFi a la hora de subir a hacer trabajos de mantenimiento. “Es importante subir con cable, el operario perdió el dominio de la situación y en un nanosegundo la nube ya lo estaba descargando”, declaran. A pesar de los intentos que se hicieron para reiniciarlo, su sistema operativo ya había dejado de funcionar. “Le hicieron un escáner pero había perdido al menos 50 gigas de memoria”, continúan los especialistas. “Tenía toda la base de datos esparcida por el suelo”, añaden. 
Los familiares del fallecido todavía no sé explican qué ha podido pasar: “Tenía mucha caché, no sabemos cómo se ha podido caer”, lamentan. La autopsia ha descartado que la víctima consumiera LCD o cualquier otra sustancia que le restara reflejos. Afortunadamente, los parientes tenían guardada una copia de seguridad y confían en poder recuperarlo. “Con el golpe se quedó comprimido como un zip, pero creemos que se podrá extraer entero”, aseguran. 
La lluvia de informáticos que caen de la nube preocupa mucho a las autoridades y los gobiernos ya trabajan juntos para acabar con esta lacra. “Pondremos otra red debajo de la nube, esta vez más grande y consistente. Así reforzaremos la seguridad y evitaremos muchas muertes”, explicaron en el último Mobile World Congress.",0
12763,Jerry Brown: ’I Don’t Use the Term Resistance’ in Opposing Trump - Breitbart,"California Governor Jerry Brown told Adam Nagourney of the New York Times in an interview published on Tuesday that he does not use the word “resistance” to describe his opposition to President Donald Trump, and finds it inappropriate. [“I don’t use the term resistance   …     That was a term I associate with the French underground and people who risked their lives. So I don’t know that that’s a fair, apt metaphor for the latest contretemps over policy,” Brown told Nagourney.  Nagourney’s article explores the efforts of Democratic politicians in California  —   who dominate the state’s politics  —   to lead the nationwide opposition to the Trump administration. The question of how, exactly, to conduct that opposition is one that divides the state party, and which is already playing into the election to succeed Brown as governor in 2018. While some candidates, and the state legislature, are pushing for more aggressive confrontations, Nagourney notes, “a more pragmatic dynamic is emerging for Democrats who are more settled in office” and need Trump’s “cooperation. ” He mentions lobbying by state and local officials for a share of Trump’s proposed spending on infrastructure projects. An important example that escaped Nagourney’s attention is California’s reliance on the Trump administration to provide emergency relief. Already, the state has requested aid from the federal government four times since Trump took office, as it wrestles with the damage of heavy winter rains, snow and flooding. Each time, Trump has granted the aid. Democrats  —   not just in California  —   have embraced the term “resistance. ”   Jewish groups are even calling themselves the “Jewish resistance,” even though the original Jewish Resistance Movement was a   militia. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
12764,Bitcoin Soars As China Launches Crackdown On Wealth-Management Products,"  Bitcoin Soars As China Launches Crackdown On Wealth-Management Products Oct 26, 2016 3:36 PM 0 SHARES 
After trading in a tight range for much of the summer, coiled within a $100 range around the mid-$500s, over the past several weeks bitcoin has once again started to push higher, closely tracking the decline in the Chinese Yuan as shown below. 
However, the most recent burst in bitcoin activity, which sent it surging by over $20 overnight, has little to do with any moves in the official Chinese currency, which recently rebounded modestly tracking the recent dip in the dollar, and is likely attributable to a long overdue crackdown on China's Wealth-management products, a key component of China’s ""shadow banking"" system. 
As Bloomberg reported overnight , China’s central bank is finally conducting a trial monitoring of banks’ off-balance-sheet wealth-management products under its macro-prudential assessment system. A question one should ask perhaps is why the $1.9 trillion in asset locked up with WMPs had so far been exempt from regulatory supervision. 
Just as notable, going forward the WMPs will be included in calculating broad-based credit, something we discussed last week when we showed just how vastly China is undercounting its broadest credit aggregate, Total Social Financing by ignoring shadow debt . Currently, the products aren’t included in the assessment framework, however it’s not clear when or if the People’s Bank of China will add them, Bloomberg added. 

Citigroup estimated that 13 trillion yuan ($1.9 trillion) of the products, which are a key building block in China’s shadow-banking system, could be covered. Other banks' estimates are even bigger. 
No matter the size, the extra scrutiny will certainly cool growth of the unregulated products, as China tries to rein in financial risks that could tank the economy. Adding the products to the central bank’s calculations could help to emphasize requirements for lenders to limit dangers and maintain sufficient capital. A change would mean regulators would be may be better able to “control the pace of broad-based credit supply,"" Judy Zhang, a Hong Kong-based analyst at Citigroup, said in a note. WMP issuance and yields may shrink as lenders pass on extra costs to investors, she said. 
As Bank of America explained overnight, in late 2015, PBoC officially introduced its MPA framework, which expanded its focus from loans to credit in a broader sense, covering not only loans but also banks’ bond investments, equity rights and other investments, financial assets bought with re-sale agreement, and deposits with non-deposit-taking financial institutions. The MPA can make it more difficult for banks to adjust on-balance sheet assets to circumvent government’s credit control. The latest move adds banks’ off-balance sheet WMPs, i.e. those without a principal guarantee, to the mix. This, in theory, should make it more difficult for banks to move assets off balance sheet . 
Chinese households, companies and banks held a record 26.3 trillion yuan of wealth-management products as of June 30 and the China Banking Regulatory Commission has been tightening rules on WMPs since late 2014. Most of the products are non-principal guaranteed, which means they reside off banks’ balance sheets. 
The implications for th economy can be significant: 
The cornerstone of PBoC’s MPA is capital adequacy, in-line with Basel III. So it’s possible that in the long term, banks may be required to provide capital for at least some of its off-balance sheet assets, including the WMPs. As of Jun, total balance of bank WMPs reached Rmb26.3tr. Without considering future growth, the additional amount under the MPA would be some Rmb15.5tr, after deducting Rmb6.1tr products with guarantees (already on banks’ balance sheet) and Rmb4.7tr of cash and deposits. This represents about 7% of banks’ on-balance sheet assets as of June (Rmb217tr). More important, we should view the latest development in the broad context of policy tightening over shadow banking activities since early this year (related reports linked in the sidebar). 
However, the most immediate practical consideration from the increased regulatory supervision of the $1.9 trillion in related product is that these funds, many of which are of highly suspect origins, will seek to shift away from the heightened scrutiny and find alternative venues. Which may explain the latest jump in bitcoin as a modest portion of the funds locked up wealth-management products may have found itself into the digital currency, promptly sending it higher by nearly 5%. Should the crackdown on WMPs persist, it may be just the catalyst to push bitcoin above its recent multi-year highs just why of $800 hit earlier this summer.",0
12765,"Don Buchla, Inventor, Composer and Electronic Music Maverick, Dies at 79 - The New York Times","Don Buchla, a pioneer and maverick of electronic music who had a lifelong fascination with the ways that humans, technology and sounds interact, died on Wednesday at his home in Berkeley, Calif. He was 79. His death was confirmed by his son, Ezra, who said the cause was complications of cancer. Mr. Buchla was an instrument builder, musician and composer. He conceived his instruments, including a   modular synthesizer, as tools for creating previously unheard sounds and gave them names like the Music Easel, Thunder or simply the Buchla Box. His inventions were prized for the flexibility and richness of the sounds they produced and the possibilities they suggested. Mr. Buchla disliked the term “synthesizer,” which suggested to him a synthetic imitation of existing sounds. He was best known for the many devices he designed for his own company, Buchla  Associates. But in a   career, he also helped build (and sometimes ran) the Grateful Dead’s sound system in the 1960s, worked on NASA projects and devised early transistorized hearing aids and navigation devices for the blind. At least one sound from a Buchla instrument has been heard worldwide: the “pop and pour” sound created by the composer Suzanne Ciani and used in countless   advertisements. In the 1960s, Mr. Buchla’s instruments represented what became known as the West Coast philosophy of electronic music: more experimental and less commercial, breaking away from tradition and virtuosity. “I always figured that if I made something that was too popular, that I was doing something wrong and had best move on,” Mr. Buchla told Trevor Pinch and Frank Trocco, the authors of “Analog Days: The Invention and Impact of the Moog Synthesizer” (2002). “And I’ve always enjoyed being on the edge. ” In the early ’60s, the   Robert Moog, who died in 2005, and Mr. Buchla arrived independently at the idea of the   modular synthesizer: an instrument assembled from various modules that controlled one another’s voltages to generate and shape sounds. Voltages could control pitch, volume, attack, timbre, speed and other parameters, interacting in complex ways. Mr. Buchla began designing his first instrument in 1963, but it was not completed until 1965. The first Moog prototype was unveiled in 1964. On the East Coast, Mr. Moog built synthesizers that could be played from a keyboard, a configuration that working musicians found familiar and practical. Mr. Buchla, in San Francisco, wanted instruments that were not necessarily tied to Western scales or existing keyboard techniques. To encourage unconventional thinking, his early instruments deliberately omitted a keyboard. “A keyboard is dictatorial,” he said. “When you’ve got a    keyboard, it’s hard to play anything but keyboard music. ” While the modules of Moog synthesizers had straightforward names out of electrical engineering  —   oscillators to generate tones, filters to modify them  —   Mr. Buchla’s instruments had modules with more colorful names, like Multiple Arbitrary Function Generator, Quad Dynamics Manager and, for his   noise generator, Source of Uncertainty. “I have always been outside, and I’ve chosen to remain there,” he said in a 1983 interview with Polyphony magazine. “I’ve been an experimentalist since really early childhood. ” Mr. Buchla was born in South Gate, Calif. on April 17, 1937, and grew up in that state and in New Jersey. He studied piano and, discovering a knack for electronics, began building radio sets. He studied astronomy, music and physiology at the University of California, Berkeley, and graduated as a physics major in 1959. While at Berkeley, where he stayed for postgraduate study, he worked on NASA projects, including controls for the Gemini space capsule. He also developed a   navigational aid for the blind for RCA and the Veterans Administration in the early 1960s. And he made music, building string instruments and sound sculptures. His composition “Cicada Music” (1963) calls for “approximately 2, 500   performers. ” Mr. Buchla grew interested in musique concrète, an experimental technique using recording tape to manipulate sounds, and worked at the San Francisco Tape Music Center as both a composer and a technician. In 1965, with $500 from a Rockefeller Foundation grant made to the Tape Music Center, the composers Morton Subotnick and Ramon Sender commissioned Mr. Buchla to build his first   instrument, the original Buchla Box. It included a module that would transform both   and popular music. Called a sequencer, it vastly expanded the concept and functionality of a tape loop by generating and repeating a chosen series of voltages, enabling it to control a recurring melody, a rhythm track or other musical elements. It would become an essential tool of electronic dance music. Mr. Subotnick used a Buchla Series 100 Modular Electronic Music System to create “Silver Apples of the Moon,” a 1968 album commissioned by Nonesuch Records. The composer Vladimir Ussachevsky ordered three for the studios of the   Electronic Music Center (now the Computer Music Center at Columbia University). That order led Mr. Buchla to start his instrument factory in a Berkeley storefront so small that the instruments were often assembled out on the sidewalk. The Buchla Box also supplied sound for the writer Ken Kesey’s Acid Tests, the freewheeling multimedia happenings at which attendees, including Mr. Buchla, used LSD. Mr. Buchla was at the electronic controls for sound and visuals at the Trips Festival in San Francisco in 1966, a pinnacle of the psychedelic era. In his book “The Electric   Acid Test” (1968) Tom Wolfe wrote about the “Buchla electronic music machine screaming like a logical lunatic. ” After building part of the Grateful Dead’s sound system in the 1960s, he sometimes mixed the band’s live shows, adding electronic sounds from his Buchla Box. CBS licensed Mr. Buchla’s designs in 1969 for a   division it owned at the time, but the partnership did not last Mr. Buchla’s instruments were not geared toward a mass market. He returned to developing and manufacturing instruments on his own. As the 1970s began, he saw possibilities in minicomputers, inventing hybrid   electronic instruments, beginning with his 200 series Electronic Music Box. Mr. Buchla was the technical director, from 1970 to 1971, at the California Institute of the Arts, designing both musical equipment and computer languages for music composition. As technical director of the Electric Symphony during that period, he used electronics to capture and extend the sounds of orchestral instruments. He introduced his portable, programmable Music Easel in 1973 and started the Electric Weasel Ensemble, a quintet of Music Easel players. He also built electronic music studios for educational institutions, including Stony Brook University on Long Island and the Norwegian Center for Electronic Music in Oslo. By the end of the 1970s, he had invented a   keyboard instrument, the Touché, and an electronic cello interface. His 1982 Buchla 400 Series included a video display. Mr. Buchla was a consultant to the contemporary music organization Ircam (Institute for Research and Coordination in  ) in France, and he received a National Endowment for the Arts fellowship to design instruments and write music for a   electronic orchestra. During the 1990s, he turned to designing MIDI controllers, alternatives to keyboards that send signals from a physical performance to a synthesizer. One controller, the Thunder, had 50   plates that responded to contact, pressure and location another, the Lightning, had wands responding to motion and gesture. And the Marimba Lumina, played with mallets, responded to velocity, position and contact each of its four mallets could be assigned its own sound. Mr. Buchla consulted for other instrument companies, including Oberheim, for which he designed the 1995 Oberheim   and Moog, which manufactured his 2002 PianoBar, which employed sensors placed on a piano’s keys and pedals to translate a pianist’s performance into MIDI signals. As the 21st century began, there was a surge of interest in modular analog synthesizers  —   a backlash against predictable, sterile digital sounds. Mr. Buchla revisited his 200 series from the 1970s, updating it as the 200e. Yet his     business ran into financial problems, and in 2012, as Mr. Buchla struggled with cancer, he sold the company to Audio Supermarket, which changed its name to Buchla Electronic Musical Instruments and made Mr. Buchla its chief technical officer, only to fire him in 2013. Mr. Buchla had a stroke in 2014. In 2015, he  sued Buchla Electronic Musical Instruments to regain control of the company, contending that he had not been fully paid for the sale, that he was terminated without good cause and that the company had failed to “use reasonable business efforts to reach sales targets. ” The case went to arbitration in July 2015 and reached a confidential resolution this year. Besides his son, who is also a musician, Mr. Buchla is survived by his wife,   Bonnel two daughters, Jeannine Serbanich and Erin Buchla and two grandchildren.",0
12766,ICE Officers Round Up 113 Criminal Aliens in New Jersey Sweep,"U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s (ICE) Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) officers arrested 113 criminal illegal aliens in New Jersey this week during a   “enforcement surge. ”[Officers targeted criminal aliens throughout the state during an operation from June 5 to 9. Officials reported 93 of the illegal aliens arrested had criminal convictions and 87 percent of those arrested had felony convictions, according to information obtained by Breitbart Texas from ICE officials.  “The continued results of our Fugitive Operations officers and their law enforcement partners underscore ICE’s ongoing and steady commitment to public safety,” Newark ERO Field Director John Tsoukaris said in a written statement. “As part of this operation, we continue focus on the arrest of individuals who are criminal and are a threat to public safety and national security. Because of the tireless efforts of these professional officers, there are 113 fewer criminals in our communities,” he added. The criminal aliens nabbed ranged in ages between    and   . The crimes committed by these individuals included convictions for sexual offenses and offenses against children, including sexual assault on a minor, sexual exploitation of a minor, sex offense against a   and child abuse. Other crimes against the person included aggravated assault, threats to kill, domestic violence and battery. Some of the more egregious criminal aliens included: The aliens arrested also had priors for theft crimes, including theft by the use of weapons or force  —   robbery, burglary, larceny, illegal use of credit cards, fraud, and theft of U. S. government property. Other convictions included: possession of, or distribution of narcotics, trespassing, damage to property, driving under the influence, possession of a weapon, and illegal reentry, officials reported. The foreign nationals were from the following   of countries: Bangladesh, Central African Republic, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Ghana, Guatemala, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, India, Iraq, Ireland, Jamaica, Jordan, Korea, Latvia, Liberia, Mexico, Morocco, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Pakistan, Philippines, Peru, Poland, Slovakia, Trinidad and Uruguay. The New Jersey Field Office for ICE, the New Jersey State Parole Office, and ICE Homeland Security Investigations assisted ICE ERO agents in arresting these criminal aliens. “U. S. Customs and Border Protection is extremely proud to have assisted in this operation,” said Leon Hayward, acting director of the New York Field Office. “It is through collaborative efforts, such as the one leading to today’s arrests, that law enforcement agencies can combat illegal acts and apprehend criminals who pose a threat to the Homeland. ” A statement obtained from ICE by Breitbart Texas said that the agency is focusing on “smart, effective immigration enforcement that targets serious criminal aliens who present the greatest risk to the security of our communities, such as those charged with or convicted of homicide, rape, robbery, kidnapping, major drug offenses and threats to national security. ” ICE officials reported a near 40 percent increase in the numbers of criminal aliens arrested during Presidential Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office. ERO officers have removed many violent offenders off the street, including those who were under ICE detainers but were released. On June 1, Breitbart Texas reported that officials with the New York City Department of Corrections (NYCDOC) released    Andres Flores Lopez from jail after he served time for a misdemeanor sexual offense. ICE ERO officers issued a detainer requesting authorities to detain him. In spite of giving the notice six months in advance, NYCDOC jail officials released the Mexican national who had two sexual abuse convictions, and they did so without notifying ICE. Following his release by local authorities, ICE officials issued a notice for the convicted sex offender to appear before an immigration judge for removal proceedings. When Flores Lopez failed to show up for his scheduled hearing, ERO officers tracked him down and arrested him in late May. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.  ",0
12767,The Intercept Outs Neocon Democrat’s Smear Against Trump as ‘Putin’s Puppet’,"shorty Dispatches from Eric Zuesse 
O n November 1st, The Intercept headlined “HERE’S THE PROBLEM WITH THE STORY CONNECTING RUSSIA TO DONALD TRUMP’S EMAIL SERVER” , and the reporting team of Sam Biddle, Lee Fang, Micah Lee, and Morgan Marquis-Boire, revealed that: “Slate’s Franklin Foer published a story that’s been circulating through the dark web and various newsrooms since summertime, an enormous, eyebrow-raising claim that Donald Trump uses a secret server to communicate with Russia. That claim resulted in an explosive night of Twitter confusion and misinformation. The gist of the Slate article is dramatic — incredible, even: Cybersecurity researchers found that the Trump Organization used a secret box configured to communicate exclusively with Alfa Bank, Russia’s largest commercial bank. This is a story that any reporter in our election cycle would drool over, and drool Foer did.” 
The Intercept team concluded their detailed analysis of the evidence by saying: Franklin Foer is an American warmonger and p.r. agent, a Democrat, and former editor of The [scurrilous Neocon] New Republic. Foer was a 2012 Bernard L. Schwartz fellow at the New America Foundation. “Could it be that Donald Trump used one of his shoddy empire’s spam marketing machines, one with his last name built right into the domain name, to secretly collaborate with a Moscow bank? Sure. At this moment, there’s literally no way to disprove that. But there’s also literally no way to prove it, and such a grand claim carries a high burden of proof. Without more evidence it would be safer (and saner) to assume that this is exactly what it looks like: A company that Trump has used since 2007 to outsource his hotel spam is doing exactly that. Otherwise, we’re all making the exact same speculation about the unknown that’s caused untold millions of voters to believe Hillary’s deleted emails might have contained Benghazi cover-up PDFs. Given equal evidence for both, go with the less wacky story.” 
However, they failed to dig deeper to explain what could have motivated this smear of Trump: was it just sloppiness on the part of Slate, and of Foer? Hardly — it was anything but unintentional: A core part of the Democratic Party’s campaign for Hillary Clinton consists of her claim that Donald Trump is secretly a Russian agent. This is an updated version of the Republican Joseph R. McCarthy’s campaign to “root communists out of the federal government,” and of the John Birch Society’s accusation even against the Republican President Dwight Eisenhower that, “With regard to … Eisenhower, it is difficult to avoid raising the question of deliberate treason.” 
Neoconservatives — in both Parties — are the heirs of the Republican Party’s hard-right, which now, even decades after the 1991 end of communism and the Soviet Union, hate Russia above all of their other passions. Neoconservatism has emerged as today’s Republican Party’s Establishment, and (like with the Democratic Party’s original neocon, U.S. Senator Henry “Scoop” Jackson, the “Senator from Boeing”) they’ve always viewed Russia to be America’s chief enemy, and they have favored the overthrow of any nation’s leader who is friendly toward Russia, such as Saddam Hussein, Muammar Gaddafi, Viktor Yanukovych, and Bashar al-Assad. Hatred and demonization of Russia is the common core of neoconservatism — the post-Cold-War extension of Joseph R. McCarthy and the John Birch Society. Neoconservatives — in both Parties — are the heirs of the Republican Party’s hard-right, which now, even decades after the 1991 end of communism and the Soviet Union, hate Russia above all of their other passions. 
Both Slate and especially Foer have long pedigrees as Democratic Party neoconservatives — champions of U.S. invasions, otherwise called PR agents (‘journalists’) promoting the products and services that a few giant and exclusive military corporations such as Raytheon, Lockheed Martin, Dyncorp, and the Carlyle Group, offer to the U.S. federal government. I’ll deal here only with Foer, not with his latest employer (in a string, all of which are neocon Democratic ‘news’ media). Foer wrote in The New York Times , on 10 October 2004, against ‘isolationist’ Republicans, who regretted having supported George W. Bush’s invasion of Iraq, and he headlined about them there, “Once Again, America First” , equating non -neoconservative Republicans with, essentially, the pro-fascist isolationists of the 1930s. He concluded that they would come to regret their regret: “Conservatives could soon find themselves retracing Buckley’s steps, wrestling all over again with their isolationist instincts.” That’s how far-right Franklin Foer is: he’s to the right of those Republicans. .. On 7 June 2004, Foer, in a tediously long, badly written and argued, article in New York Magazine , “The Source of the Trouble” , described the downfall of The New York Times’s leading stenographer for George W. Bush’s lies to invade Iraq, their reporter Judith Miller. He closed by concluding that “the source of the trouble” was that Miller was simply too earnest and tried too hard — not that she was a stenographer to power: .. “People like Miller, with her outsize journalistic temperament of ambition, obsession, and competitive fervor, relying on people like Ahmad Chalabi, with his smooth, affable exterior retailing false information for his own motives, for the benefit of people reading a newspaper, trying to get at the truth of what’s what. ” .. (She was anything but “trying to get at the truth of what’s what.” She was the opposite: a mere stenographer to George W. Bush and to the Administration’s chosen mouthpieces, such as the anti-Saddam exiled Iraqi Ahmad Chalaby.) O n 20 December 2004, when the question of whether to bomb Iran was being debated by neoconservatives, Foer, who then was the Editor of the leading Democratic Party neoconservative magazine, The New Republic , headlined in his magazine, “Identity Crisis: Neocon v. Neocon on Iran” , and he introduced a supposed non-neocon from the supposedly non-neocon Brookings Institution, Kenneth Pollack, to comment upon the conflict among ( the other Party’s ) neocons: “In part, the lack of neocon consensus [on whether to, as John McCain was to so poetically put it, ‘Bomb, bomb, bomb Iran’ ] can be attributed to the nature of the problem. Nobody — not the Council on Foreign Relations, not John Kerry’s brain trust — has designed a plausible policy to walk Iran back from the nuclear brink. Or, as Kenneth M. Pollack concludes in his new book, The Persian Puzzle, this is a ‘problem from Hell’ with no good solution.” But, actually, both Pollack and Brookings are Democratic Party neocons themselves; and among the leading proponents of invading Iraq had been not only Pollack but Brookings’s Michael O’Hanlon . Brookings had no prominent opponent of invading Iraq. (Brookings has a long history of neoconservatism , and routinely leads the Democratic Party’s contingent of neocon thinking, even urging a Democratic administration to have its stooge-regimes violate international laws .) The real reason why neocons (being the heirs of the far-right extremists’ Cold-War demonization of Russia, even after communism is gone) wanted to conquer both Iraq and Iran, was that both countries’ leaders were friendly towards Russia, and were opposed by the Saud family who own Saudi Arabia, which family quietly worked not only with the U.S. government but with Israel’s government, against both Iraq and Iran, as well as against Syria — those three nations (Iraq, Iran, and Syria) all being friendly toward Russia, which both the Saudi aristocracy, and not only the U.S. aristocracy, hate. It’s not just the conservative ‘news’ media that are neoconservative now. The so-called ‘liberal’ media are so neoconservative that, for example, Salon can condemn Donald Trump for his having condemned Hillary and Obama’s bombing of Libya. Salon condemned Trump’s having said “We would be so much better off if Qaddafi were in charge right now” — as if Trump weren’t correct, and as if what happened after our overthrow and killing of Qaddafi weren’t far worse for both Libyans and the world than what now exists in Libya. (But, of course, for Lockheed Martin etc., it is far better). CBS News and Mother Jones condemned the Trilateralist Joseph Nye for having veered temporarily away from his normal neoconservatism. Then, Nye wrote in the neocon Huffington Post saying that David Corn of Mother Jones and Franklin Foer of The New Republic had misrepresented what he had said, and that he was actually a good neocon after all. Nye closed: “In any case, I have never supported Gaddafi and am on record wishing him gone, and also on record supporting Obama’s actions in recent weeks. We now know that Gaddafi’s departure is the only change that will work in Libya.” Sure, it did. Oh, really? It’s Trump who is crazy here? More recently, Foer headlined at Slate, “Putin’s Puppet: If the Russian president could design a candidate to undermine American interests — and advance his own — he’d look a lot like Donald Trump.” Foer proceeded to present the view of Trump that subsequently became parroted by the Hillary Clinton campaign (that Trump=traitor). Wikipedia has a 450-person ”List of Republicans opposing Donald Trump presidential campaign, 2016″ , and it’s almost entirely comprised of well-known neoconservatives — the farthest-right of all Republicans, the people closest to Joseph R. McCarthy and the John Birch Society. Foer cited many neoconservative sources that are not commonly thought of as Republican, such as Buzzfeed; and he even had the gall to blame the Russian government for having made public its best evidence behind its charge (which was true ) that the overthrow of Ukraine’s democratically elected President Viktor Yanukovych in February 2014 was no authentic ‘democratic revolution’ such as the U.S. government and its ‘news’ media said, but was instead a very bloody U.S. coup d’etat in Ukraine , which was organized from the U.S. Embassy there, starting by no later than 1 March 2013 , a year beforehand. Foer wrote: “The Russians have made an art of publicizing the material they have filched to injure their adversaries. The locus classicus of this method was a recording of a blunt call between State Department official Toria [that’s actually ‘Victoria’] Nuland [a close friend of both Hillary Clinton and Dick Cheney] and the American ambassador to Kiev, Geoffrey Pyatt. The Russians allegedly planted the recording on YouTube and then tweeted a link to it — and from there it became international news. Though they never claimed credit for the leak, few doubted the White House’s contention that Russia was the source.” To a neoconservative, even defensive measures (such as Russia’s there exposing the lies that America uses to ‘justify’ economic sanctions and other hostile acts against Russia) — indeed, anything that Russia does against America’s aggressions against Russia, and against Russia’s allies (such as Saddam Hussein, Muammar Gaddafi, Bashar al-Assad, and Viktor Yanukovych) — anything that Russia does, is somehow evil and blameworthy. And, of course, America’s aggressions are not. The U.S. government and its neocon propagandists are outraged that some people are trying to expose — instead of to spread — their lies. The American government isn’t yet neocon enough, in the view of such liars. About the author =SUBSCRIBE TODAY! NOTHING TO LOSE, EVERYTHING TO GAIN.= free • safe • invaluable If you appreciate our articles, do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. It’s free and it implies no obligation to you— ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Greanville Post several times a week. NOTE: ALL IMAGE CAPTIONS, PULL QUOTES AND COMMENTARY BY THE EDITORS, NOT THE AUTHORS Print this post if you want. Share This:",0
12768,President Putin Asks US To Stop Provoking Russia,"President Putin Asks US To Stop Provoking Russia
Putin expressed hopes that a new US president will work with him to rectify the dangerous deterioration in relations between the US and Russia. Obviously, this cannot happen if the new president is Hillary.
http://www.strategic-culture.org/news/2016/10/30/president-putin-valdai-speech-obama-legacy-can-be-rectified.html 
The post President Putin Asks US To Stop Provoking Russia appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
12769,"A Fancy Guitar to Sell, but Hard to Play in Handcuffs - The New York Times","The system that prevents the employees of the Sam Ash Music store in Midtown from buying stolen guitars begins before the case is even opened. “First thing I say is, ‘What do you got there? ’” said Ian Goldrich, a store manager. If the seller’s answer is something like, “It’s a 1953 Fender Telecaster with an Esquire neck,” then it is probably legitimate. But if the answer is “a guitar,” that’s something altogether different. A new seller who entered Sam Ash on Sept. 28 had a plausible explanation for not knowing much about the contents of the guitar case he carried that day and, later, other cases. “His father moved to North Carolina and left him the guitars,” said Jeremy Kolmin, another manager. The store bought his Gibson that day, and $4, 300 worth of other instruments, mostly guitars, in the weeks that followed. “He’s a nice guy,” Mr. Kolmin recalled. The staff at Sam Ash knows a lot about guitars. So when that same seller entered in late November with an electric guitar, Mr. Kolmin did a double take. He was sure he had seen it before. Like many guitar enthusiasts, Mr. Kolmin visits the “gear pages” of musicians  —   links that display an artist’s favorite guitars. The seller was carrying a Heritage guitar  —   specifically, a Heritage Signature Skolnick, part of a limited series designed by a specific artist, Alex Skolnick. It was a unique instrument, and it made Mr. Kolmin suspicious because he followed Mr. Skolnick and recognized it from his gear page. Then he flipped it over and saw the serial number, Z20001, and his suspicions were all but confirmed. He asked something like, “Where did you get this again?” and the seller gave the same answer about his father, he recalled. The end digits, 001, indicated the guitar was a series prototype, not one sold by the company. It would have belonged to the artist, Mr. Skolnick. Mr. Skolnick, 48, leads a jazz outfit, the Alex Skolnick Trio and, at this time of year, has played holiday shows with the   Orchestra. But to a large and loud segment of his audience, Mr. Skolnick, with his long black hair and its telltale streak of white, is best known as lead guitarist of the thrash metal band Testament. The band gained fame in the late 1980s and was known in part for the melodic style Mr. Skolnick brought to his solos within a genre that favored raw intensity. He left in the 1990s, but the band has reunited over the years and continues to perform, as they will, with more than 60 other bands on a heavy metal cruise from Florida to Haiti in February, “70, 000 Tons of Metal. ” The store emailed Mr. Skolnick about the Heritage guitar. He lived in Brooklyn, but was in Berlin, wrapping up a tour with Testament. Months earlier, in May, he had placed a lot of equipment that was piling up at home  —   he estimates he owns 40 guitars, along with amplifiers and other gear  —   in a new CubeSmart storage facility near his apartment in Park Slope. The Heritage was among the stored guitars, and he had no idea it was not in the locker. “Indeed,” he wrote to Sam Ash in an email, “I might not have noticed for another year or so, as I’m on tour often and there are long gaps between my going through all the instruments I’m not using. ” He promised to visit his locker upon his return that week. Before that happened, on Dec. 1, the seller returned to Sam Ash with another Skolnick   guitar, this one from the ESP Guitar Company. “We called the cops and said, ‘What are we supposed to do? ’” said another manager, Bobby Colonna. Officers arrived and questioned the man briefly, but without a complaint from a victim, they could not arrest him, and he left. Still, Mr. Colonna urged the man to come back in a day, pretending he needed the time to research the guitar’s worth. At the same time, Mr. Skolnick visited his locker. It did not appear to have been tampered with, and the contents of the unit looked untouched, but some guitars were indeed absent. He swore out a complaint. The managers at Sam Ash were sure that after the previous day’s police scrutiny, the man would not return. But return he did. Officers returned, too, and in front of the store staff, they were able to handcuff the seller, John Olds, 51, of Harlem. “My father passed away two years ago and left me the guitars,” he told officers, according to court documents. He added, “I can’t incriminate myself. ” He is in jail awaiting trial on several counts of possession of stolen property. Mr. Skolnick got his guitars back, including the Heritage No. 1, which is again being kept where it was before the move in May: in his crowded living room, in plain sight.",0
12770,TRUNEWS 10/27/16 Rob Kirby | Unspoken Secrets,"TRUNEWS 10/27/16 Rob Kirby | Unspoken Secrets October 27, 2016 Will the media ever publicize the DARKEST secrets already released by Julian Assange? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles details the latest election defining revelations, as WikiLeaks exposes Bill’s generational ‘get rich’ scheme, run through the Clinton Foundation, and the elite's preparations for World War as an October Surprise. Rick also speaks with Rob Kirby, the financial analyst behind Kirby Analytics, regarding the Deutsche Bank’s magical earnings report, and the state of the largest economic bubble in human history. 
Today’s Audio Streamcast. Click the audio bar to listen: <span itemprop=""name"" content=""TRUNEWS 10/27/16 Rob Kirby | Unspoken Secrets""></span> <span itemprop=""description"" content=""Will the media ever publicize the DARKEST secrets already released by Julian Assange? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles details the latest election defining revelations, as WikiLeaks exposes Bill’s generational ‘get rich’ scheme, run through the Clinton Foundation, and the elite&#x27;s preparations for World War as an October Surprise. Rick also speaks with Rob Kirby, the financial analyst behind Kirby Analytics, regarding the Deutsche Bank’s magical earnings report, and the state of the largest economic bubble...""></span> <span itemprop=""duration"" content=""4889""></span> <span itemprop=""thumbnail"" content=""http://static.panda-os.com/p/1305/sp/130500/thumbnail/entry_id/0_7hhiwe8g/version/1 /acv/62""></span> <span itemprop=""width"" content=""350""></span> <span itemprop=""height"" content=""25""></span> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/products/video-platform-features"">Video Platform</a> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Management"">Video Management</a> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/Video-Solutions"">Video Solutions</a> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Player"">Video Player</a> 
Right-click to download today’s show to your local device in mp3 format: Streamcast MP3 
Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play ! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media How To Listen To TRUNEWS 
Here on our show pages, there are two ways to listen to TRUNEWS. The first is to use the embedded player on the page. It is the black bar that you see above. Just click the arrow on the player for today’s broadcast. If you prefer to save the program to listen to it later on your PC or mobile device, just click the ‘DOWNLOAD MP3’ link above to archive that particular streamcast. Streamcast Archives",0
12771,NATO calls for more troops for face-off against Putin,"WARS AND RUMORS OF WARS NATO calls for more troops for face-off against Putin Largest military build-up on Russia's borders since Cold War Published: 11 mins ago 
(Haaretz) NATO will press allies on Wednesday to contribute to its biggest military build-up on Russia’s borders since the Cold War as the alliance prepares for a protracted quarrel with Moscow. 
With Russia’s aircraft carrier heading to Syria in a show of force along Europe’s shores, alliance defense ministers aim to make good on a July promise by NATO leaders to send forces to the Baltic states and eastern Poland from early next year. 
The United States hopes for binding commitments from Europe to fill four battle groups of some 4,000 troops, part of NATO’s response to Russia’s 2014 annexation of Crimea and concern it could try a similar tactic in Europe’s ex-Soviet states.",0
12772,"News Report on Global Temperatures Is Wrong, Scientists Say - The New York Times","Scientists on Friday debunked a widely circulated news media report suggesting that recent   global temperatures were unrelated to climate change. The report, which first appeared in The  Mail on Sunday and was summarized in Breitbart News, the   opinion and news site, cited incomplete data and drew incorrect conclusions, the scientists said. Federal and international agencies have said that 2016 will likely be the hottest year on record, eclipsing the record set last year. In its report, The Mail on Sunday cited a recent decline in temperatures over land since the weather phenomenon known as El Niño ended this year, and said that El Niño, and not climate change, was responsible for the record heat. But scientists said that while the recent El Niño did contribute to the record warmth, climate change played a major role, too. “Nobody said the record temperatures were exclusively the result of climate change,” said Mike Halpert, the deputy director of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s Climate Prediction Center. Deke Arndt, the chief of the climate monitoring branch at the NOAA’s National Centers for Environmental Information, said that the   warming trend was quite clear, and that the impact of El Niño was in addition to what were already higher temperatures. “You can have both climate change and a goose from El Niño,” he said. In an El Niño, water temperatures increase in the eastern equatorial Pacific, affecting air temperatures and weather worldwide. Sea surface temperatures have declined since their peak earlier this year, and now the opposite condition  —   La Niña, with water temperatures lower than normal  —   prevails. Scientists are not surprised that some global temperatures are falling and expect that temperatures next year will be below those of the past two years because of La Niña. “But it’s still likely to be quite a bit warmer than average,” Mr. Halpert said. Scientists said the news media reports were also faulty in that they cited only temperatures over land, which account for about 30 percent of Earth’s surface. Temperatures over land are much more variable than those over water because land stores relatively little heat. “If you’re going to be making   assessments,” Dr. Arndt said, “you need to be looking at   data. ” Global data show a slower decline in temperatures than   data, scientists said. The House Committee on Science, Space and Technology posted about the Breitbart News report on Twitter on Thursday. The committee’s Republican chairman, Representative Lamar Smith of Texas, has accused the Obama administration of having a “suspect climate agenda. ” The House committee’s Twitter post drew sharp rebukes from scientists and others, including Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who wrote on Twitter referring to an academic expert cited in the article. The Mail on Sunday report, which was written by David Rose, was also strongly disputed online. One blogger headlined a post on the subject: “How Stupid Does David Rose Think You Are?”",0
12773,New Leaked Clinton Emails Came from the Devices of Anthony Weiner,"New Leaked Clinton Emails Came from the Devices of Anthony Weiner 6 shares by Dean Daniels / October 28, 2016 / POLITICS / 
On Friday, the FBI announced an investigation into newly leaked emails linked to Hillary Clinton. In a surprising twist, the new leaked emails from the private email server were discovered after the F.B.I. confiscated electronic devices belonging to top aide Huma Abedin, her controversial and perverted husband, Anthony Weiner. 
Officially, the federal law enforcement agents are opening an investigation into Weiner texting a 15-year-old in North Carolina. And according to Director Comey, the F.B.I. were taking steps to “determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.” 
Shortly after the announcement, Donald Trump utilized the situation to advantage and running theme of Clinton’s corruption at a rally in New Hampshire. Supporters nearly cheered in complete unison: “lock her up.” 
“Hillary Clinton’s corruption is on a scale we have never seen before. We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office,” said Trump to the roaring crowd. 
“I have great respect for the fact that the F.B.I. and the D.O.J. are now willing to have the courage to right the horrible mistake that they made,” Mr. Trump said, referring also to the Department of Justice. “This was a grave miscarriage of justice that the American people fully understand. It is everybody’s hope that it is about to be corrected.” 
“The F.B.I.’s decision to reopen their criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton’s secret email server just 11 days before the election shows how serious this discovery must be,” Reince Priebus, the Republican committee chairman, said in a statement. “This stunning development raises serious questions about what records may not have been turned over and why, and whether they show intent to violate the law.” 
Sign up to get alerts about Dennis Michael Lynch's upcoming Donald Trump film and breaking news. Subscribe ",0
12774,"Sammy Lee, First Asian-American Man to Earn Olympic Gold, Dies at 96 - The New York Times","In the golden California summers before World War II, Sammy Lee, a   was just one of the “colored” boys in the Pasadena pool on Wednesdays. That was “International Day,” when Asian, black and Latino children were allowed to swim. After they were gone, the pool was drained and refilled with clean water for the white children who came every other day of the week. Years later, fulfilling a vow to his father, he stood on the high diving platform at the Olympic Games in London and looked down at cheering crowds. It was like standing atop a   building. But he had long ago conquered his fear of heights, and of bigotry. He was a doctor and a compact athlete representing the United States. He ran forward and rose majestically into the air. Dr. Sammy Lee, who died of pneumonia on Friday in Newport Beach, Calif. at age 96, faced prejudice growing up, and discrimination when he tried to buy a home in a white community in Southern California. But he also became the first   man to earn Olympic gold, and the first American to win consecutive gold medals in Olympic platform diving. (The   diver Victoria Manalo Draves won a gold medal two days before he did.) The University of Southern California announced his death on its website. Dr. Lee won a gold medal in   platform diving and a bronze in   springboard diving at the 1948 Olympics in London, and a gold in platform diving at the 1952 Olympics in Helsinki, Finland. He also won three national diving championships as a collegian in the 1940s and was named America’s outstanding amateur athlete of 1953 by the Amateur Athletic Union. He became an ambassador to the Olympics for Presidents Dwight D. Eisenhower, Richard M. Nixon and Ronald Reagan coached Greg Louganis, Bob Webster and other American diving champions, as well as the American diving team at the 1960 Olympics in Rome and was elected to the International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1968 and the United States Olympic Hall of Fame in 1990. An ear, nose and throat specialist, Dr. Lee was an Army major and medical officer in the Korean War. But in 1955, as he ended eight years of military service, all his achievements did not spare him from racial discrimination when he tried to buy a home in Garden Grove, a booming postwar community in Orange County, where he wanted to open a medical practice. When turning him away, real estate agents were candid. “I’m sorry, Doctor,” he remembered one telling him, “but I have to eat, and I’d lose my job for selling to a nonwhite. ” Dr. Lee’s wife, Rosalind, then tried to buy a building lot in a development in Anaheim. He recalled, “The agent said the value of the property would drop so badly if he sold to me that he wouldn’t be able to sell the rest of the homes. ” That day, Dr. Lee was at the White House, dining with President Eisenhower. When word got out that he had been a victim of housing discrimination, the news media picked up the story, and it became a national scandal. Protests, apologies and offers of assistance ensued. Housing discrimination has always been common in America, despite laws against it. But Dr. Lee’s status as an Olympian made a difference. Vice President Nixon said he was “shocked” and pledged help. Anaheim’s mayor spoke out. A newspaper offered to pay the Lees’   expenses, and real estate agents jumped to show them homes. The Lees bought one in Garden Grove, and the county gave a welcome party when they moved in. Neighbors came, and politicians gave speeches. “My belief in the American people is substantiated,” Dr. Lee said. He later toured Asia for the State Department. “Whenever I was asked by those people in the Far East how America treated Oriental people, I told them the truth,” he recalled. “I said Americans had their shortcomings, but they had guts enough to advertise them, whereas others try to cover them up. ” Dr. Lee practiced medicine in Orange County for 35 years, retiring in 1990. He later moved to Huntington Beach, Calif. His condominium community had a pool, and even in his 90s he swam a few laps every day. Samuel Lee was born on Aug. 1, 1920, in Fresno, Calif. the youngest of five children of Soonkee Rhee and Eunkee Chun, who married in Korea as children, fulfilling a traditional contract by families. They moved to California in 1905 and settled in Fresno, where they changed their surname and opened a restaurant. Sammy learned to swim in Fresno. After the family moved to Highland Park, in northeast Los Angeles, in the late 1920s, he swam at Brookside Park in nearby Pasadena  —   but only on Wednesdays, because the pool was reserved for whites on other days. The Lees encountered racial abuse from neighbors, who used slurs and urged them to move. Sammy also heard it in school, where distinctions among Japanese, Chinese and other Asians were lost in a blur of angry abuse. Dr. Lee said his father called the bigots misguided, and urged him to be proud of his heritage. Inspired by Americans who took all the diving medals at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, Dr. Lee promised his father he would someday be an Olympian. He graduated from Benjamin Franklin High School in 1939, Occidental College in 1943 and the University of Southern California medical school in 1947. In 1950, he married Rosalind M. K. Wong. She survives him, as do their two children, Pamela Lee and Sammy Lee II, and three grandchildren. Trained privately, Dr. Lee won the national A. A. U. springboard and platform championships in 1942, and was the national A. A. U. platform champion in 1946. The 1940 and 1944 Olympics were canceled because of World War II, but on Aug. 5, 1948, as the Olympic diving competitions drew to a close in London, he stood on the high platform, as he had vowed. He was lithe and muscled, just over five feet tall, and in recent days had dazzled crowds and judges with dives of balletic precision, with front and back somersaults and elegant pikes and twists. He had already won a bronze for springboard dives, and he led the pack in platform scores. The cheers stopped. He ran forward and rose majestically into the air. He hovered at the peak, his arms reaching for heaven, and curled into a tuck  —   a man wrapped into a tight ball, chin brushing kneecaps, hands grasping shins  —   before rolling forward into the power dive. A blur of speed, he somersaulted three and a half times in a   pinwheeling plunge, coming out of it just in time and opening into a perfect illusion of the vertical body  —   a knife entering the water. He had the gold. And he would do it again four years later.",0
12775,Pope Says ‘Every Country Has the Right to Control its Borders’,"Despite his dislike of walls, Pope Francis declared Friday that “every country has the right to control its borders,” especially where the risk of terrorism exists. [In an extended interview with the leftist Spanish newspaper El País, the Pope reaffirmed basic Catholic doctrine regarding immigration, namely, that sovereign nations have the fundamental right to maintain secure borders and to receive immigrants in an orderly and controlled fashion.  “Yes, every country has the right to control its borders, who comes and who goes,” Francis said Friday, “and those countries at risk  —  from terrorism or such things —   have even more right to control them more. ” The one qualification to this right, the pontiff continued, is that “no country has the right to deprive its citizens of the possibility to talk with their neighbors,” as often has occurred in the case of totalitarian states such as East Germany and the U. S. S. R. Over and over again the Pope has made it clear that he does not believe in illegal immigration, and that states must maintain secure borders for the safety of their citizens. At the same time, he has often insisted that individuals as well as nations should keep their hearts open to people who migrate from their homelands in search of a better life. In Friday’s interview, Francis stated that “each immigrant constitutes a very serious problem,” since they are often “fleeing their country, because of hunger or because of war. ” Often, too, they are “exploited,” he added, citing Africa as an example of where this often occurs. The pontiff praised the examples of Italy and Greece, holding them up as models of welcoming migrants. “Even now, Italy, with all the problems caused by the earthquake and all that, still cares for them. They welcome them,” he said. As he has done on other occasions, the Pope also highlighted the problem of integration, that is, the possibility of successfully assimilating immigrants into the existing culture. “Where there is no integration,” Francis said, immigrants become “ghettoized,” and do not become part of the culture of their host country. As an example of this, Francis said that the perpetrators of “the atrocity in Zaventem,” the Belgian airport, “lived in an immigrant neighborhood, a closed neighborhood. ” Last fall, he warned nations that they should not be taking in more immigrants and refugees than they can reasonably assimilate. As models of successful integration of migrants, Francis held up Sweden and the Catholic community of Sant’Egidio in Italy. In his interview, the Pope once more underscored the right of Catholics and others to contradict him. “They have the right to disagree,” he said. “They have the right to think that the path is dangerous, that the outcome may be bad, they have that right. ” At the same time, Francis said that such opposition should be carried out openly, and not in secret. “Hiding behind others is inhumane, it is a crime,” he said. “Everyone has the right to debate, and I wish we all would debate more, because it creates a smoother connection between us. Debate unites us. ” Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
12776,Wikileaks memo: Bill Clinton raked in tens of millions of dollars through a series of deals while Hillary was Secretary of State,"  The latest hacked email released by WikiLeaks details how one of Bill Clinton’s closest aides helped rake in tens of millions for   while his wife was serving as Secretary of State. The 12-page memo was sent by Clinton’s former aide Doug Band in 2011 to him, his daughter Chelsea, several board members of the Clinton Foundation and its lawyers as well as its then special advisor John Podesta. Published on Wednesday by Wikileaks, after a hack of thousands of emails from Podesta’s account, it details how Band helped run what he called ‘Bill Clinton Inc.’ Band and another aide helped secure $66million from ventures, including speaking fees, according to the memo. 
He wrote that, using his role as the president of his own consulting firm Teneo, Band worked to raise funds for the Foundation and Clinton personally.  29  ",0
12777,GABRIEL: The War on Girls - Breitbart,"“Do you know you are going to die tonight? ”[This is how Zein Isa, a Palestinian Muslim and naturalized United States Citizen, told his    daughter Tina, that she was going to die.  He told her she brought dishonor to the family by finding part time work, dating a boy outside of her faith, playing high school soccer, going to the prom, and becoming “Americanized. ” Tina was brutally stabbed to death by her father with a butcher knife, while her mother Maria, held her down. The horrific events and Tina’s screams for mercy were recorded on an FBI tape: Tina shrieks in fear. “Keep still, Tina!” says her father. “Mother, please help me!” “Huh? What do you mean?” the mother says. “Help! Help!” “What help?” the mother responds. Tina screams, and Maria says: “Are you going to listen? Are you going to listen?” Screaming louder, Tina gasps “Yes! Yes! Yes, I am” then coughs and adds, “No. Please!” Six wounds in the chest. The mother says, “Shut up! Tina continues to cry, but her voice is unintelligible. “Die! Die quickly! Die quickly!” her Father says. The girl moans in agony, seems to quiet, then screams one last time. “Quiet, little one! Die my daughter, die!” the Father yells. Tina’s Father admitted at his trial that he put his foot over her mouth to keep her quiet, while he proceeded to stab the life out of her. Both parents were convicted of   murder and sentenced to death in 1991. Tina’s Father died in prison in 1997 from complications of diabetes while awaiting execution. Tina’s Mother’s sentence was later commuted to life imprisonment without parole. The Mother died of natural causes in 2014 at the age of 70 while still serving her sentence. Neither parent ever expressed an ounce of remorse or regret for what they did to their daughter. While this case may seem incomprehensible to any Westerner, it is an act that takes place not only regularly in the Islamic world, but encouragingly under the Islamic Law of Sharia. In the West, we call this murder. In the Islamic world, they call it “Honor Killing. ” Consider that for a moment. When two parents murder their daughter in the most gruesome fashion, as precious as Tina was, they are assigned honor in the Islamic world. Radical Islamist and mainstream media darling Linda Sarsour has explicitly expressed a desire to implement Sharia in the U. S, a policy that would not only justify, but encourage, what happened to Tina. Honor violence can take many forms, including “  abuse, threats, stalking, harassment, false imprisonment, physical violence, sexual abuse, and homicide. ” President Trump has mandated that the Secretary of Homeland Security regularly collect and make public available information regarding the number and types of acts of   violence against women, including honor killings in the United States by foreign nationals. Several studies have concluded that while the reported number of honor killings in the United States is relatively low —  rough estimates of 23 to 27 killings annually —  the number of honor violence victims increases exponentially when other nonlethal forms of honor violence are added to the equation. Information about honor violence is closely concealed by families and communities. Victims or potential victims may not report victimization out of fear. Further, victims may not report honor violence because in their home culture what has occurred is not viewed as a crime. We must do more to ensure that we are not importing, or fostering religious practices in the name of political correctness. We must be vigilant of acts of honor violence in our communities and report all such incidents to the proper authorities. We must convince our children to advise us if their friends become victims of honor violence. It is too late to answer Tina’s cries for help, but it is not too late to eliminate honor violence. That is why ACT for America is having a March against Sharia and for Human Rights in cities across the nation on Saturday, June 10, 2017. ACT for America is committed to protecting women and children from Sharia law and its impact on Muslim women and children, including honor killing and Female Genital Mutilation. We are putting faces on the victims of these crimes and exposing aspects of Sharia law which run contrary to basic human rights and are incompatible with our Constitution, and Western values. The choice is clear, stand with victims of this type of barbarism, or stand with true hate groups like the SPLC, who work tirelessly to enable such murders as Tina’s, by smearing those speaking out, in the name of the   hatred that consumes them. Go to actforamerica.  for event times and locations on the national March Against Sharia  —   March for Human Rights. Brigitte Gabriel is a terrorism analyst and a two times New York Times   author of “Because They Hate” and “They Must Be Stopped”.  She is the Founder and Chairman of ACT for America, the nation’s largest grassroots organization devoted to promoting national security and defeating terrorism.",0
12778,Liberals Get a Pass: 4 Times the Media Ignored Leftists’ Comments About Pedophilia - Breitbart,"Following the recent media firestorm around former Breitbart Senior Editor MILO, people have begun scrutinizing past similar comments and actions of liberal celebrities. [In the wake of MILO’s departure from Breitbart News, a number of instances have come to light where those on the left have discussed or joked openly about pedophilia. Unlike in MILO’s case, the media has been largely silent in response.  1: George Takei, In a 2006 interview on The Howard Stern Show, actor George Takei spoke about being molested by an    camp counselor as a    at summer camp. In the excerpt, what many seem to find most shocking about Takei’s comments is that he insists he wasn’t molested because he found the perpetrator “attractive. ” At 2:20 mark @GeorgeTakei promotes pedophilia with 13 year old boys to Howard Stern. #tcot #Milohttps:  .   —   John Cardillo (@johncardillo) February 21, 2017,  George Takei Amazing how this doesn’t trend.  No liberal outrage!  Nothing from #pizzahut or #tacobell,  —   gab.  🐸 (@HillaryNo1sPres) February 22, 2017,  2: Bill Maher, HBO host and comedian Bill Maher can be seen in a clip from 1998 on Maher’s previous TV show Politically Incorrect defending an adult teacher who had sexual relations with her    student. “Basically, they’re having a family and they’re keeping the mother in jail because she won’t conform to the perfect American family,” he says. Later in the clip, Maher asks, “How can a woman rape a man?” if bill maher thinks sunlight is the best disinfectant then here’s him saying the same shit as milo, that it’s ok for adults to fuck kids pic. twitter.   —   warrior cop (@wyatt_privilege) February 22, 2017,  In 2016 Maher once again defended the relationship between an adult and a minor when he called out “social justice warriors” for attacking a relationship between singer David Bowie and    Lori Mattix. “If there’s a victim here, it’s the guy who had to fuck Lori Mattix next,” said Maher. “How do you follow David Bowie in a kimono?” 3: Roman Polanksi, Roman Polanski, the acclaimed liberal director of films such as Rosemary’s Baby and Chinatown, pled guilty to engaging in unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor after being accused of drugging and raping   old Samantha Geimer in 1977. Polanski fled the United States before he could be sentenced and has been living in France ever since. Since then Hollywood celebrities such as Meryl Streep have openly defended Polanski, with Streep stating that she’s “very sorry that he’s in jail” and Polanski receiving a standing ovation from Hollywood stars following his Oscar win in absentia for Best Director for The Pianist.  4: Lena Dunham, Lena Dunham, writer and star of HBO TV show Girls, wrote in her memoir Not That Kind Of Girl of inappropriate sexual activity with her younger sister.  Dunham writes in her autobiography of “casually masturbating” while in bed next to her younger sister and bribing her with “three pieces of candy if I could kiss her on the lips for five seconds  …     anything a sexual predator might do to woo a small suburban girl I was trying. ” Dunham also spoke of touching her sister’s genitals, saying, “Grace was sitting up, babbling and smiling, and I leaned down between her legs and carefully spread open her vagina. She didn’t resist,” Dunham wrote. “This was within the spectrum of things I did,” she added. Dunham also admitted to sharing the same bed with Grace until she was seventeen, and that sometimes she “slipped my hand into my underwear to figure some stuff out” while sleeping next to her. Rather than experiencing outrage and anger from fans and the media for these actions, Dunham was instead invited to speak at the Democratic National Convention on the topic of women’s rights. At the DNC, Dunham introduced herself saying: “I am a   feminist, sexual assault survivor with a chronic reproductive illness. ”",0
12779,Children in Need donations beat HMRC receipts. More soon.,  Guest   Guest .. More Stories about: Ticker,0
12780,"Obamacare tax penalty? I'll take it, millions say","Obamacare tax penalty? I'll take it, millions say ""Has not been large enough to motivate people to sign up for insurance' Published: 20 mins ago 
(New York Times) The architects of the Affordable Care Act thought they had a blunt instrument to force people — even young and healthy ones — to buy insurance through the law’s online marketplaces: a tax penalty for those who remain uninsured. 
It has not worked all that well, and that is at least partly to blame for soaring premiums next year on some of the health law’s insurance exchanges. 
The full weight of the penalty will not be felt until April, when those who have avoided buying insurance will face penalties of around $700 a person or more. But even then that might not be enough: For the young and healthy who are badly needed to make the exchanges work, it is sometimes cheaper to pay the Internal Revenue Service than an insurance company charging large premiums, with huge deductibles.",0
12781,"Gorsuch, Like Previous Supreme Court Nominees, Keeps Views Hidden - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   As he met with Neil M. Gorsuch in the Capitol last week, Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois posed to the Supreme Court nominee what he considered a fairly basic question on the relationship between the executive and judicial branches. “He really backed away from it,” recalled Mr. Durbin, an influential Democratic voice on judicial issues with long service on the Judiciary Committee. “Even in the most general constitutional terms, he didn’t want to discuss it. From where I am sitting I don’t think there is a more important question in light of this president. ” Democrats preparing for hearings next month on President Trump’s first nominee to the nation’s highest court say it is not a matter of getting the answers they want from Judge Gorsuch it is a matter of getting any pertinent answers at all. “He refused to say anything about potentially relevant questions,” said Senator Richard Blumenthal, a Connecticut Democrat and former state attorney general who also sits on the panel that will consider the nomination. The test of wills promises to provide friction at hearings scheduled to begin on March 20 as Democrats try to pin down Judge Gorsuch on what he sees as the role of an independent judiciary in constraining the executive branch, given their rising fears about Mr. Trump. It is also the latest match in the longstanding    over how far judicial nominees should or should not go in responding to questions from lawmakers. Given fierce partisan tension over Supreme Court seats, it has become an uncomfortable norm for nominees to avoid providing bountiful answers both in private interviews and during the confirmation hearing. They lean heavily on the excuse that the issue could end up before the court and they would hate to prejudge it. In the current environment, the view is clearly the less said, the better the chances of confirmation. “Everyone knows you are going to ask your best question and they are not going to answer it,” said Senator Mitch McConnell, the Kentucky Republican and majority leader, of the difficulty of inducing a nominee to say something truly revealing. No one expects a nominee like Judge Gorsuch to address how he would rule on a specific case  —   like President Trump’s contested immigration order  —   or offer a detailed view on federal policy likely to land before the court. But Democrats say that Judge Gorsuch must be willing to discuss the merits of past Supreme Court decisions as well as his judicial principles and philosophy if they are to make a judgment on his fitness. “It’s always important for a Supreme Court nominee to tell senators his or her views on the Constitution, but given how aggressively this president is testing the Constitution so early in his term, senators deserve those answers more than ever,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader. Lawmakers say that Mr. Gorsuch assured them during their meetings that no one in the Trump White House had asked him how he would rule in specific cases. But Democrats note that his nomination was promoted by leading conservative groups such as the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation. In the absence of information to the contrary from him, they say they will have to assume he shares the views of those groups on such issues as abortion and gun rights. “His refusal to answer these questions leaves us with the inescapable conclusion that he has passed the Trump litmus test,” said Mr. Blumenthal, who, like other lawmakers, found Judge Gorsuch personable and impressively prepared. For their part, Republicans have voiced nothing but praise for the nominee. “I met with Judge Gorsuch for more than an hour and was tremendously impressed with his intellect, his humility and his respect for the rule of law,” said Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine. She said they had an extended discussion about precedent and that Mr. Gorsuch said he believed that “it is not sufficient to overturn a   precedent for five current judges to believe a previous decision was wrongly decided. ” That position could be interpreted by lawmakers who support abortion rights, like Ms. Collins, to mean he would not overturn Roe v. Wade even if he were part of a majority that disagreed with it. Kelly Ayotte, the former New Hampshire senator who is serving as Judge Gorsuch’s sherpa through the Senate process, said she found him quite forthcoming during the 58 meetings with lawmakers she attended and added that he talked at length about his rulings on the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit. “He’s obviously saying as much as he can without violating his responsibility as a judge not to offer opinions on cases that may come before the court,” she said. In trying to forestall Democratic complaints that Judge Gorsuch has not been sufficiently revealing, Mr. McConnell has reminded Democrats of the “Ginsburg standard”  —   a reference to Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s repeated refusal at her hearing in 1993 to answer many direct questions on the grounds she could not “preview or forecast” her decisions. But Republicans had their own differences in the past with the reluctance of nominees to be direct. Senator Charles E. Grassley, the Iowa Republican who now heads the Judiciary Committee, opposed the nomination of Elena Kagan in 2010, saying she failed to provide candid answers. One contemporary nominee did pride himself on his ability to take on members of the Judiciary Committee in a full exchange of views. Judge Robert Bork answered nearly every question from senators over five days of testimony in 1987. At the time, Senator Arlen Specter, Republican of Pennsylvania, said he hoped Mr. Bork’s willingness to engage would “set a pattern for the future. ” It did. After Mr. Bork’s nomination was famously defeated, nominees have been very stingy with their answers to avoid blowing up their chances of success.",0
12782,A High-Stakes Bet: Turning Google Assistant Into a ‘Star Trek’ Computer - The New York Times,"Google is one of the most valuable companies in the world, but its future, like that of all tech giants, is clouded by a looming threat. The search company makes virtually all of its money from ads placed on the World Wide Web. But what happens to the cash machine if web search eventually becomes outmoded? That worry isn’t  . More of the world’s computing time keeps shifting to smartphones, where apps have supplanted the web. And   devices that may dominate the next era in tech  —   smartwatches,   devices like Amazon’s Echo, or virtual reality machines like Oculus Rift  —   are likely to be free of the web, and may even lack screens. But if Google is worried, it isn’t showing it. The company has long been working on a    weapon to avert its potential irrelevance. Google has shoveled vast financial and engineering resources into a collection of data mining and artificial intelligence systems, from speech recognition to machine translation to computer vision. Now Google is melding these advances into a new product, a technology whose ultimate aim is something like the talking computer on “Star Trek. ” It is a   bet: If this new tech fails, it could signal the beginning of the end of Google’s reign over our lives. But if it succeeds, Google could achieve a centrality in human experience unrivaled by any tech product so far. The company calls its version of this   machine the Google Assistant. Today, it resembles other digital helpers you’ve likely used  —   things like Apple’s Siri, Amazon’s Alexa and Microsoft’s Cortana. It currently lives in Google’s new messaging app, Allo, and will also be featured in a few new gadgets the company plans to unveil next week, including a new smartphone and an Amazon   talking computer called Google Home. But Google has much grander aims for the Assistant. People at the company say that Sundar Pichai, who took over as Google’s chief executive last year after Google was split into a conglomerate called Alphabet, has bet the company on the new tech. Mr. Pichai declined an interview request for this column, but at Google’s developer conference in May, he called the development of the Assistant “a seminal moment” for the company. If the Assistant or something like it does not take off, Google’s status as the chief navigator of our digital lives could be superseded by a   other assistants. You might interact with Alexa in your house, with Siri on your phone, and with Facebook Messenger’s chatbot when you’re out and about. Google’s search engine (not to mention its Android operating system, Chrome, Gmail, Maps and other properties) would remain popular and lucrative, but possibly far less so than they are today. That’s the threat. But the Assistant also presents Google with a delicious opportunity. The “Star Trek” computer is no metaphor. The company believes that machine learning has advanced to the point that it is now possible to build a predictive,   superhelpful and conversational assistant of the sort that Captain Kirk relied on to navigate the stars. The Assistant, in Google’s most   vision, would always be around, wherever you are, on whatever device you use, to handle just about any informational task. Consider this common situation: Today, to book a trip, you usually have to load up several travel sites, consult your calendar and coordinate with your family and your colleagues. If the Assistant works as well as Google hopes, all you might have to do is say, “O. K. Google, I need to go to Hong Kong next week. Take care of it. ” Based on your interactions with it over the years, Google would know your habits, your preferences and your budget. It would know your friends, family and your colleagues. With access to so much data, and with the computational power to interpret all of it, the Assistant most likely could handle the entire task if it couldn’t, it would simply ask you to fill in the gaps, the way a human assistant might. Computers have made a lot of everyday tasks far easier to accomplish, yet they still require a sometimes annoying level of human involvement to get the most out of them. The Assistant’s   aim is to eliminate all this busywork. If it succeeds, it would be the ultimate expression of what Larry Page, Google’s   once described as the perfect search engine: a machine that “understands exactly what you mean and gives you back exactly what you want. ” At this point, a few readers may be recoiling at the potential invasion of autonomy and privacy that such a machine would necessitate. The Assistant would involve giving ourselves over to machines more fully. We would trust them not just with our information but increasingly with our decisions. Many people are already freaked out by what Google, Facebook and other tech companies know about us. Would we be willing to hand over even more power to computers? Those are important questions, but they are also well down the road. For now, the more pressing question for the Assistant is: Will it even work? Google has technological advantages that suggest it could build a more capable digital assistant than others have accomplished. Many of the innovations that it has built into its search engine  —   including its knowledge graph database of more than a billion people, places and things, and the 17 years it has spent trying to understand the meaning of web queries  —   will form the Assistant’s brain. Google has also been one of the leaders in machine learning, the process that allows computers to discover facts about the world without being explicitly programmed. Machine learning is at the heart of a number of recent advances, including Google Photos’ uncanny capacity to search through your images for arbitrary terms (photos of people hugging, for instance). “We are in the process of transforming into a   company,” Jeff Dean, who is in charge of Google Brain, the company’s artificial intelligence project, told me this year. For each problem Google solves this way, it gets better at solving other problems. “It’s a boulder going downhill gathering more momentum as it goes,” Mr. Dean said. If you use the Assistant today, you’ll see some of these advances. As my colleague Brian X. Chen explained last week, if your friend sends you a picture of his dog on Allo, Google Assistant will not only recognize that it’s a dog, but it will also tell you the breed. That’s an amazing technological feat. But as Brian pointed out, it’s also pretty useless. Why does your friend care if you know his dog’s a Shih Tzu? This gets to a deeper difficulty. The search company might have the technical capacity to create the smartest assistant around, but it’s not at all clear that it has the prowess to create the friendliest, most charming or most useful assistant. Google needs to nail not just Assistant’s smarts, but also its personality  —   a new skill for Google, and one that its past forays into social software (Google Plus, anyone?) don’t speak highly of. Then there is the mismatch between Google’s ambitions and Assistant’s current reality. Danny Sullivan, the founding editor of Search Engine Land, told me that so far, he hadn’t noticed the Assistant helping him in any major way. “When I was trying to book a movie, it didn’t really narrow things down for me,” he said. “And there were some times it was wrong. I asked it to show me my upcoming trip, and it didn’t get that. ” Of course, it’s still early. Mr. Sullivan has high hopes for the Assistant. It would be premature to look at the technology today and get discouraged about its future, especially since Google sees this as a multiyear, perhaps even   project. And especially if Google’s future depends on getting this right.",0
12783,"Tancredo: Over 300 Sanctuary Cities Are Costing State and Local Taxpayers over $7,000,000,000 Annually - Breitbart","President Trump this week signed an executive order declaring war on   sanctuary cities. Agencies within the United States Government will begin withholding federal grant funds from those cities, and additional actions to enforce federal immigration law will be taken soon. [Unlike Obama, President Trump is not trying to making new laws by executive decree. In his Executive Order, the president is only reminding mayors and governors of existing federal law dating to 1996:  U. S. Code › Title 8 › Chapter 12 › Subchapter II › Part IX › § 13738 U. S. Code § 1373  —   Communication between government agencies and the Immigration and Naturalization Service: Notwithstanding any other provision of Federal, State, or local law, a Federal, State, or local government entity or official may not prohibit, or in any way restrict, any government entity or official from sending to, or receiving from, the Immigration and Naturalization Service information regarding the citizenship or immigration status, lawful or unlawful, of any individual. (b) Additional authority of government entitiesNotwithstanding any other provision of Federal, State, or local law, no person or agency may prohibit, or in any way restrict, a Federal, State, or local government entity from doing any of the following with respect to information regarding the immigration status, lawful or unlawful, of any individual:(1) Sending such information to, or requesting or receiving such information from, the Immigration and Naturalization Service. (2) Maintaining such information. (3) Exchanging such information with any other Federal, State, or local government entity. (c) Obligation to respond to inquiriesThe Immigration and Naturalization Service shall respond to an inquiry by a Federal, State, or local government agency, seeking to verify or ascertain the citizenship or immigration status of any individual within the jurisdiction of the agency for any purpose authorized by law, by providing the requested verification or status information. (Pub. L. 104 —  208, div. C, title VI, § 642, Sept. 30, 1996, 110 Stat. 3009 —  707. The president’s executive order is not only good news for law enforcement, it is also a good civics lesson for some mayors and even some members of Congress. The Trump executive order is also good news for taxpayers. Sanctuary cities impose a huge, billion cost to taxpayers that has been hidden from public view and shielded from political accountability. This will be news to you because those annual taxpayer costs are hidden from public scrutiny  —   by Congress, by state legislatures, and by local officials. Sanctuary city policies have a high cost not only in allowing criminal aliens to roam free on our streets, they also impose a huge burden on taxpayers. How can we estimate those taxpayers costs? There is a wealth of data hidden in the annual reports on the federal State Criminal Alien Assistance Program (SCAAP) published by the US Department of Justice and each state department of corrections that chooses to apply for reimbursement grants under that program. Over 2, 000 local county sheriffs also get federal reimbursement grants under that federal program. The taxpayer costs revealed by those annual reports are  . States and local communities are being reimbursed at less than three cents on the dollar of the true costs for criminal alien incarceration, but politicians are hiding that fact from the nation’s taxpayers. In my home state of Colorado, the 2016 SCAAP report by the state Department of Corrections revealed that state prison system was holding 2, 039 criminal aliens at a cost of $37, 958 per inmate. That is a total cost of $77, 396, 362. The federal reimbursement grant was $2, 077, 720. That is a grant of 2. 7 cents for every dollar of actual cost. Those 2, 039 criminal alien inmates were 14% of all state prison inmates: One in every seven felons in the state prison system is a criminal alien. What are the comparable numbers for your state? You can discover the SCAAP grant amounts for each state prison system and the local county jails applying for federal reimbursement at this website. The federal SCAAP grant program was established by Congress as an acknowledgment of federal responsibility for a failed border security and failed federal enforcement of immigration laws. But the appropriated amount for reimbursing local communities their incarceration costs through SCAAP grants has NEVER been adequate for full cost reimbursement. In 2016, the federal reimbursement program was given a paltry $189 million. To most Americans, these hidden taxpayer costs are not the most important reason for opposing sanctuary city policies. The real cost is not in taxpayer dollars but in the hundreds of thousands of crimes committed by individuals who should not be here in the first place. If we had secure borders and effective enforcement of all immigration, these criminal alien incarceration numbers would be very small. Yet, the fact that local governments hide these cost figures is symptomatic of the deeper problem. Too many local officials want all the political benefits of claiming to be the protector of “our immigrant community” while hiding the costs of protecting criminal aliens. Does your local sheriff publish the incarceration costs for criminal alien inmates in your local jail. Does he ever acknowledge the number of criminal aliens released from jail annually who are NOT turned over to federal immigration authorities because of local sanctuary policies? Does anyone on your local city council ever ask those questions? Some local politicians also use a phony “states rights” argument for resisting federal enforcement of immigration law. This is a phony argument because there is a long string of Supreme Court decisions, most recently the 2012 Arizona v. United States ruling by Justice Kennedy, saying that the Constitution in Article VI gives the federal government preemptive authority over immigration law. States cannot “ ’ of federal immigration law, and neither can cities or counties —   or universities or private religious organizations. While public attention has been focused on the   policies of the Obama administration, the truth is, even without official sanctuary policies established by mayors of local government, too many local sheriffs and police chiefs have been hiding behind an alleged “fear of liability” in not honoring the Detainer requests made by federal law enforcement, namely the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency —   known as ICE. ICE detainers are fully legal and should be  —   indeed, MUST be —   honored by local law enforcement agencies. Local sheriffs and police chiefs have no constitutional basis for refusing to honor ICE detainers. Citizens should hold local officials accountable when they refuse to obey the law. The Trump administration is making it clear that federal sanctions will be imposed  —   including the withholding of federal funds  —   from cities which want to disobey the law. But local citizens need not remain silent in this battle. Editor’s note: This article has been updated to note the figure for the cost to Colorado is $37, 958 rather than $27, 958.",0
12784,VIDEO : FBI SOURCES SAY INDICTMENT LIKELY FOR CLINTON – TruthFeed,"VIDEO : FBI SOURCES SAY INDICTMENT LIKELY FOR CLINTON VIDEO : FBI SOURCES SAY INDICTMENT LIKELY FOR CLINTON Videos By TruthFeedNews November 3, 2016 
BRET BAIER: Here’s the deal: We talked to two separate sources with intimate knowledge of the FBI investigations. One: The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far… Several offices separately have been doing their own investigations. 
Two: The immunity deal that Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, two top aides to Hillary Clinton, got from the Justice Department in which it was beleived that the laptops they had, after a narrow review for classified materials, were going to be destroyed. We have been told that those have not been destroyed — they are at the FBI field office here on Washington and are being exploited. . 
Three: The Clinton Foundation investigation is so expansive, they have interviewed and re-interviewed many people. They described the evidence they have as ‘a lot of it’ and said there is an ‘avalanche coming in every day.’ WikiLeaks and the new emails. 
They are “actively and aggressively pursuing this case.” Remember the Foundation case is about accusations of pay-for-play… They are taking the new information and some of them are going back to interview people for the third time. As opposed to what has been written about the Clinton Foundation investigation, it is expansive. 
The classified e-mail investigation is being run by the National Security division of the FBI. They are currently combing through Anthony Weiner’s laptop. They are having some success — finding what they believe to be new emaisls, not duplicates, that have been transported through Hillary Clinton’s server. 
Finally, we learned there is a confidence from these sources that her server had been hacked. And that it was a 99% accuracy that it had been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that things had been taken from that… 
There has been some angst about Attorney General Loretta Lynch — what she has done or not done. She obviously did not impanel, or go to a grand jury at the beginning. They also have a problem, these sources do, with what President Obama said today and back in October of 2015… 
I pressed again and again on this very issue… The investigations will continue, there is a lot of evidence. And barring some obstruction in some way, they believe they will continue to likely an indictment. 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
12785,Yemeni forces fire ballistic missile at Saudi Arabia’s Jeddah airport,"Yemen This photo provided by the media bureau of the operations command in Yemen shows a Borkan-1 (Volcano-1) missile. 
Yemeni army forces and allied fighters from Popular Committees have reportedly launched a locally designed and manufactured ballistic missile towards an area deep inside Saudi Arabia in response to the Riyadh regime’s atrocious aerial bombardments against the crisis-hit Arab country. 
Yemeni soldiers and their allies fired a Borkan-1 (Volcano-1) missile towards King Abdulaziz International Airport, located 19 kilometers north of the western Saudi port city of Jeddah, Arabic-language al-Masirah television network reported. 
A military source, speaking on condition of anonymity, later told the official Saba news agency that the 12.5-meter-long missile had targeted its target accurately and left massive destruction at the airport. 
Saudi media outlets, however, reported that the kingdom’s missile systems intercepted and destroyed the solid propellant and Scud-type missile before it could cause any damage. 
They said the projectile was launched at 9 p.m. local time (1800 GMT) on Thursday from Yemen’s mountainous northwestern area of Sa’ada. 
Also on Thursday, the media bureau of the operations command in Yemen said army soldiers had targeted a gathering of militiamen loyal to resigned president Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi in the Aqaba district of the northern province of Jawf, leaving scores of the Saudi-backed armed men dead. Fire rages after a gathering of militiamen loyal to resigned president Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi is targeted by Yemeni army forces in the Aqaba district of the northern province of Jawf, Yemen, on October 27, 2016. 
An armored vehicle and battle tank belonging to the mercenaries were also destroyed in the attack. 
Separately, a number of Saudi soldiers were killed and injured when Yemeni forces and Popular Committees fighters struck al-Kars base in Saudi Arabia’s southwestern border region of Jizan. 
Saudi Arabia has been engaged in the deadly campaign against Yemen since March 2015 in an attempt to bring back the former Yemeni government to power and undermine the Houthi Ansarullah movement. 
The United Nations puts the death toll from the military aggression at about 10,000. Loading ...",0
12786,ESPN Radio’s Peter Rosenberg: ’Shameful and Embarrassing’ for the NFL That Kaepernick Is Still Free Agent - Breitbart,"Friday on ESPN’s “SportsCenter: Coast to Coast,” ESPN Radio   Peter Rosenberg said the fact that quarterback Colin Kaepernick remains unsigned in the NFL is “shameful and embarrassing for the league as a whole. ”  “[T]he bottom line is Colin Kaepernick is not getting a job in this league, not because of the kind of player that he is, but because of his political stance and because of the fact teams don’t want to stand next to him,” Rosenberg told host Cari Champion. “I think it is shameful and embarrassing for the league as a whole. ” He later added, “This guy is working hard to be in this league and won’t get an opportunity, and we have to talk about why that is. And the fact is teams are scared of the backlash they will get if they sign Colin Kaepernick and I think that is shameful and disappointing. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
12787,Is it coming into clearer focus for Americans or not?,"Gilad Atzmon 
October 29, 2016

Top five donors to Clinton campaign are Jewish 


The Jewish Chronicle reports this weekend that the ""five biggest donors to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign are all Jewish."" 

Donald Sussman, hedge fund Manager; 

Jay Robert Pritzker venture Capitalist 

Haim Saban, Israeli-American media tycoon 

George Soros, speculator 

Daniel Abraham, founder of SlimFast 

The only open question is whether the American people are ready to connect the dots? In the last few months we have been reading that American Jews are concerned by the sharp rise in antisemitism in the land of the free. I guess that manyAmerican Jews have connected the dots already. They grasp that once again, Jewish elite is playing a very dangerous game on their expense. 

One would expect Jews in general and Jewish oligarchs in particular to draw the necessary conclusion from Jewish history. Somehow this never happens. The same disastrous mistakes are repeated. As we know, the consequences are grave ",0
12788,3 Thoughts On Steve Bannon As White House ’Chief Strategist’ - dailywire.com,"3 Thoughts On Steve Bannon As White House 'Chief Strategist' By: Ben Shapiro November 14, 2016 
So, in a not-unexpected move, Donald Trump has elevated former Breitbart News CEO Steve Bannon to chief strategist of the White House. 
When I left Breitbart back in March, I accused Bannon of turning Breitbart News into Trump Pravda ; as I wrote, “Indeed, Breitbart News, under the chairmanship of Steve Bannon, has put a stake through the heart of Andrew’s legacy. In my opinion, Steve Bannon is a bully, and has sold out Andrew’s mission in order to back another bully, Donald Trump; he has shaped the company into Trump’s personal Pravda, to the extent that he abandoned and undercut his own reporter.” 
That decision paid off for Bannon – in August, he became Trump’s campaign “CEO.” At that point, I wrote this piece describing who Bannon was , and this one for The Washington Post describing his probable impact on the campaign . 
With Bannon’s accession to a top White House role, it’s time to answer some brief questions about the man and what he’s likely to do. 
Is Bannon Anti-Semitic And Racist? I have no evidence that Bannon’s a racist or that he’s an anti-Semite; the Huffington Post’s blaring headline “WHITE NATIONALIST IN THE WHITE HOUSE” is overstated, at the very least. With that said, as I wrote at The Washington Post in August, Bannon has openly embraced the racist and anti-Semitic alt-right – he called his Breitbart “ the platform of the alt-right .” Milo Yiannopoulos, the star writer at the site, is an alt-right popularizer , even as he continuously declares with a wink that he’s not a member. The left’s opposition to Trump, and their attempts to declare all Trump support the alt-right have obfuscated what the movement is. The movement isn’t all Trump supporters. It’s not conservatives unsatisfied with Paul Ryan, nor is it people angry at the media. Bannon knows that. He’s a smart man, not an ignorant one. The alt-right, in a nutshell, believes that Western culture is inseparable from European ethnicity . I have no evidence Bannon believes that personally. But he’s happy to pander to those people and make common cause with them in order to transform conservatism into European far-right nationalist populism. That means that the alt-right will cheer Bannon along as he marbles Trump’s speeches with talk of “globalism” – and that Bannon won’t be pushing Trump to dump the racists and anti-Semites who support Trump anytime soon. After all, they love Bannon – actual white supremacists like Peter Brimelow called his August appointment “great news,” and Richard Spencer explained, “Breitbart has elective affinities with the Alt Right, and the Alt Right has clearly influenced Breitbart. In this way, Breitbart has acted as a ‘gateway’ to Alt Right ideas and writers. I don’t think it has done this deliberately; again, it’s a matter of elective affinities.” That doesn’t mean Bannon will push racist or anti-Semitic policy, or that he’ll be anti-Israel himself – unless it serves his interests. 
What Does Bannon’s Accession Mean? Bannon has goals. One of those goals is maximization of personal power, which is why he spent the last decade and a half glomming onto powerful right-wing personalities (Bachmann, Morris, Palin), kissing their asses, and then moving on up the chain. With Breitbart and Trump, he picked two winners in a row – and that means he’s now at the pinnacle of American power. 
So, what will he do with that power? He’ll target enemies. Bannon is one of the most vicious people in politics, which is why I’ve been joking for months that should Trump win, I’d be expecting my IRS audit any moment. That wasn’t completely a joke. He likes to destroy people. 
But more importantly, Bannon’s interested in turning the Republican Party into a far-right European party. Because Republicans will like some of the policy that comes with that, it could happen. Here’s what I wrote in March about the Trump movement : 
Trump is a European-style response to the European-style leftism of Barack Obama. He’s a soft European-style populist, from his interventionist economics to his closed-borders foreign policy. As I wrote in December, “Compare Trump’s platform with that of Marine Le Pen, whose French National Front poses a significant threat to the national political establishment. She calls for harsher penalties for criminals, significant restrictions on Muslim immigration to France, protectionism on trade, a restoration of the Franc as the national currency rather than the Euro, and big government in terms of health care. This sounds a lot like Trump.” But the European right is not the American right. The American right believes in Constitutional ideas about checks and balances and federalism and negative rights from government. The European right doesn’t believe any of these things. Should Trump win, we could watch American conservatism lose the only party it has ever had. 
That’s the plan. Yesterday, The Daily Beast reported that Bannon reached out to Le Pen for “global ultra-right coalition.” Over the weekend Le Pen met with Nigel Farage of the UK Independent Party. And Trump met with Farage shortly after being elected. Bannon has always wanted to burn down the GOP. That’s still his goal. He wants it replaced with an American National Front party in fact if not in name. 
Which War Will Bannon Lead? Bannon considers himself a wartime consigliore – always at war. Always. So the only question left is this: what will Bannon’s actual role be? It’s difficult to tell, since Trump announced the Bannon hire at the same time he announced that former RNC chairman Reince Priebus as his chief of staff. What will their relationship be like? Ed Morrissey of HotAir thinks that Bannon will lead the anti-media fight, and Reince will coordinate with Congress. That would be the best possible scenario. 
Others have speculated that Bannon has been added to the team as a sop to the populist base, which would be angry at Trump hopping into bed with the most establishment-y fellow in Washington. That, too, would be fine. 
It’s hard to tell from the outside what’s happening, but here’s a third theory: Reince is the bagman for Trump, and Bannon’s whispering in Trump’s ear. That would fit the fact pattern here, given Reince’s outsized praise for Bannon this morning: “wise and smart…very, very smart, very temperate.” Bannon is anything but temperate to those who disagree. He’s a consummate bully to anyone who disagrees; he's actually malevolent. Priebus may not have seen a lot of disagreement because he’s the one catering to Bannon’s agenda. 
If Bannon’s leading and Reince is following, that bodes ill for the Republican agenda. Bannon opposes the Republican Party, hates Paul Ryan – minutes after the joint Bannon/Priebus announcement, Breitbart News approvingly tweeted about a Congressional rebellion against Speaker Ryan – and wants to watch it all “burn.” Bannon loves the firefight. The only question is which direction he’ll turn his fire. Tags",0
12789,Clinton Crime Family – Two Systems of Justice,"There are those who refuse to believe what is right before their very eyes. When will America stand on its own two feet and put an end to the incessant corruption in Washington? By Ed Mattson
Following the public disclosure by FBI Director, James Comey, a mountain of evidence was presented in a press conference regarding Democrat Presidential Candidate, Hillary Clinton, addressing Clinton’s illegal and unauthorized use of a home server to communicate State Department business. Such a breach of security was shocking as well as eye-opening as to how far Clinton’s thirst for financial gain was willing to go. 
It was blatantly clear that Hillary’s attempt to hide her activity in communications with members of her staff, the President himself, foreigners trying to buy access and favoritism with U.S. government personnel, and those seeking federal contract bid preferential treatment, was something that would not be tolerated by law enforcement anywhere . With Comey however, whom the media continues to portray as a Republican , stated the U.S. Government would not seek an indictment. By the way, for the record, Comey claims he hasn’t voted Republican for years!

With the Department of Justice and pressure from the highest office in the land, we can clearly see that in America there is no longer equal justice for all, and that powerful politicians can do just damn-well anything they chose if their name is Clinton, or they are members of the Democrat Party. Comey even had the gall to proclaim that he saw no intent by Clinton to hide her activities, in defiance of logic, common sense, and all rational thinking.
NO INTENT? WHY ELSE would Hillary use a private, unsecured server, then purposely destroy tens of thousands of emails, smash cell phones, wipe computer server hard drives, and then lie about it? No . . . her intention was clear to all except those blind Democrat hacks, and many of our poorly educated automatron citizens being turned out by the government controlled school systems who simply don’t pay attention to anything but Dancing with the Stars .
Hillary is as qualified to be president as John Gotti if he were still alive today. Yes . . . I said John Gotti, The Teflon Don , who headed the Gambino Crime Family in New York. 
Definition of the word “mafia”: noun Meaning a hierarchically structured secret organization allegedly engaged in smuggling , racketeering, trafficking in narcotics , and other criminal activities. 
John Gotti took over the reins of the most powerful crime family in America when he organized the murder of Paul Castellano in December 1985. Crazy as it may seem, his outspoken personality and flamboyant style, gained favor with much of the general public, giving him near-celebrity status.
The FBI was hot on the trail of Gotti and accumulated enough evidence to put him on trial three times in the 1980’s, but he was acquitted in each case. The media was there as one would expect, and insured each trial was given high-profit status. It was later revealed that the trials had been tainted by jury tampering and juror misconduct when George Pape , a jury foreman in the 1987 trial reached out to Gotti’s underlings, who agreed to pay him $75,000 in exchange for a not guilty vote. Pape was later convicted of jury tampering and sentenced to three years imprisonment.
The tables turned in 1991 when “Sammy the Bull” Gravano turn state’s evidence and testified against Gotti. Gravano, after hearing Gotti making several disparaging remarks about him via an FBI wiretap, calculated his only route to survival was to help the FBI put Gotti away in prison. The wiretaps revealed Gotti had implicated Granvano in numerous murders. In 1992, Gotti was finally convicted of five murders, conspiracy to commit murder, racketeering, obstruction of justice, illegal gambling, extortion, tax evasion, and loansharking. Gotti was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole, but died in 2002 of throat cancer.
Now . . . that brings us around to Mrs. Clinton, apparently the new Don of the Clinton Crime Family. We can go back some thirty years that we have had to put up with the Clintons: Clintonomics, inside trader deals on cattle futures, Travelgate, Filegate, and a very long list of people being killed, dying of mysterious causes, deaths said to be suicides but appear to be more like mob hits with gunshots to the back of the head or behind the ear.
We all know people who have died. It is part of life, right? But how many people can you name who have been friends, business associates, acquaintances, or just people you have heard of that committed suicide, died of mysterious or questionable deaths, or from just plain freaky accidents? One, five, possibly ten?

Check out the Clinton scorecard . It is all over the Internet! Forty would be on the low side and many believe the tally runs closer to 100 or more. Pure coincidence the Clintons and the media want you to believe. Do the research and take a close look at the deaths ruled by suicide involving friendly medical examiners . Check out the ones who committed suicide with multiple gunshot wounds, or those who shot themselves behind the ear and in the back of the head – typical of a mob-hit. It would appear that knowing the Clintons is more dangerous to your health than either cancer, smoking, and a lot more dangerous than global warming!
While the Clinton haven’t been accused of loansharking or tax evasion (though getting a deduction for old used underwear might be an indication to call for an audit), there is a smell of The Mafia in the air anytime the name “Clinton” comes up. Going back to the scandals of the Mena, Arkansas drug running with Dan Lasater (Political researcher, Mark Gorton, calls him part of the Clinton/Dixie Mafia ), to the money laundering of the Clinton Foundation. Their history looks even more damaging than the many cases filed against the Gambino Crime Family, but most involve the security of our country.
They say that Hillary didn’t respond to the pleas for security and then for help the night of the Beghazi attack, because there was no way for her to make money on any such decision. Hillary’s modus operandi has always been financial gain. To hell with ethics; to hell with honesty or integrity, and with complete disregard for the wellbeing of the country. . . that’s Hillary in a nutshell.
The Clinton Crime Family’s list of self-serving espionage of our country can be easily seen in the transfer of U.S. technology to America’s adversaries. At Clinton’s urging, Russia was allowed to purchase control of Uranium One through their state atomic energy agency, Rosatom; In return, the Russian paid Bill a heavy $500,000 for a short speech PLUS a healthy donation from Uranium One’s Chairman of $2.35 million for the Clinton Foundation.
Hillary bashed Donald Trump over legitimate business dealings with the Russians, yet the Clinton Crime Family is far more involved with Russian under-the-table dealings than the media will ever report. Clinton cut a deal with Yeltson to repay Clinton’s long-time political donor, Dan Tyson. Russia was sending nuclear technology to Iran, and to keep America from interfering with that arrangement, Clinton got Yeltson to lift the ban on shipments of poor quality chickens that had been levied on Tyson Brand Chicken by the Russians.
But that was only the tip of the iceberg in the Russian-Iran sell-out according to infowars.com: 
“Clinton allocated over $1 billion to “help” the Soviets “dismantle” their nuclear weapons. In 1995 the General Accounting Office (GAO) wrote that Moscow refuses to permit American audits of the $1.25 billion disarmament aid. “One and a half years after President Yeltsin told President Clinton that ballistic missile technology transfers to Iran would stop, it still continues… Now time is running out; the stakes are great… Unless this problem is solved we see a potential trainwreck in our relations.” Why was it up to Yeltsin to end the transfers? Why was Clinton allowing Russia to give defense secrets to Iran?”
The Russians weren’t the only beneficiaries of the Clinton Crime family give-a-way of our military technology. In the 1990’s, Clinton was involved in granting favorable treatment for General Motors in China. Clinton engineered a deal to give-a-way our technology for guidance systems for ICBMs under the lie it was to aid the Chinese space program. Because of the transfer of such delicate technology, China is now able to aim its ICBMs with accuracy at American targets; up to that time this technology had not yet been figured out by Chinese engineers. General Motors’ Hughes division provided the missing pieces.
One has to learn that when the Democrats and in particular, the Clintons, accuse anyone of wrong doing, you have to look deeper in that you will undoubtedly find they are more deeply involved in even worse dealings.
A good start for someone searching for the truth about the Clintons, you might want to review a movie the media and the left absolutely trashed (and endorsement which makes it worth seeing) Dinesh D’Souza’s latest movie, Hillary’s America: Secret History of the Democrat Party . Funny thing is, I don’t hear any of those on the left being able to dispel Souza’s documentation. Or review the claims made in The Clinton Chronicles – another hate-fest by the Left that should be seen.
There will probably be many who reply to the information I have thus presented with name calling and hate mail. I expect it, but please respond with counter-evidence, or facts that debunk what I have written about. Those who have communicated with me about articles I have written, were surprised to learn that I wrote them back and told them, I actually learned from their input.
Source: Veterans Today 
",0
12790,Geller: Linda Sarsour Rakes in Thousands with Fundraiser for ‘Islamophobia Victim’ Accused of Mob Violence - Breitbart,"Amid what is now an epidemic of fake hate crimes there comes a strange and peculiar incident, which bears all the signs of being yet another hate hoax.[    activist Linda Sarsour has raised $110, 000 and counting on the alleged beating of a Muslim woman in Columbus, Ohio  —   an area very heavily populated with Muslims, where a young Muslim woman, Rifqa Bary, had to flee for her life ten years ago after she said her father threatened to kill her for converting to Christianity, and one mosque has a history of terror ties.  On Sunday morning, Sarsour tweeted: “Please support Rahma, who was brutally beaten yesterday by a white male in Columbus, OH. This is unacceptable. ”https:  . gofundme. ”>crowdfunding campaign dedicated to the support of the    girl who was raped by Muslim migrants took a full year to reach $80, 000. While this crowdfunding page was receiving a huge number of donations with no publicity, the media coverage that there initially was on this case suddenly disappeared, without explanation. Columbus’ ABC6 did a story on it, headlined “Family of Muslim woman calling alleged assault a ‘hate crime,’” but a couple of short hours after it went online, it disappeared. It wasn’t retracted the space where it was now bears the notice, “Hmmm, we couldn’t find the page you were looking for. ” Aside from this mysteriously vanished ABC6 story, I initially only found two articles about the case. One was on the Muslim site bartamaha. com. The other is on a   site called CarbonatedTV, which states that “the victim said the man was interviewed by the police but released without charges. ” It also notes that the   Council on   Relations (CAIR) is involved in the case, quoting Jennifer Nimer, executive director of  : “The fact that the perpetrator was not taken into custody and was not charged raises serious concerns and sends a very dangerous message. ” The national CAIR site also contains a press release about this alleged incident. A rally that had been scheduled for Warsame on Monday was canceled, also only a few short hours after it was announced. The Columbus Underground page announcing the rally now bears the cryptic explanation: “This rally is being postponed per the request of family lawyer. The family and friends are further discussing it and will announce a new date for this event soon. ”  First, Columbus police issued a statement refusing to acknowledge the incident as a “hate crime. ” According to the NBC affiliate WKYC, they could not arrest anyone at the scene “due to the lack of physical evidence and conflicting stories” by everyone involved. They noted that they arrived on the scene not in response to any reports of hate crimes, but because multiple citizens had reported public child abuse and potential child abduction. WKYC notes that police did not name anyone involved.  The Daily Caller reported Monday, before the police statement came out, a version of the story that corresponded with the WKYC report. The outlet claimed that there was another victim in the incident: a woman named Samantha Morales, who said that “Sarsour and CAIR have the story all wrong, including the allegations that racial epithets were hurled at Warsame. ”  Morales stated, according to the Daily Caller, that the incident began when a “woman of African heritage who lives in her apartment complex was yelling at and hitting her son with a shoe. ” Morales tried to intervene, whereupon “she was attacked first by a mob of men and women, including Warsame, following a neighborhood argument involving a woman and her son. ”   Said Morales: “What happened is not what she is claiming. The woman that is in the hospital, I feel sorry for her, but she is one of the women who was kicking and hitting me after I got tased. ” It was Morales’ boyfriend, Boyce, who according to Warsame hurled racial epithets at her. Morales and Boyce deny this. With major challenges to Warsame’s story surfacing, many questions remain. Where is all this money for Rahma Warsame coming from? With Warsame exposed, what will it now go to fund? Why aren’t there more journalists who are pursuing the questionable aspects of this story and challenging Sarsour’s version of the incident and the fundraising efforts based thereon? Would doing that be “Islamophobic”? Pamela Geller is the President of the American Freedom Defense Initiative (AFDI) publisher of PamelaGeller. com and author of The   Presidency: The Obama Administration’s War on America and Stop the Islamization of America: A Practical Guide to the Resistance. Follow her on Twitter here. Like her on Facebook here.",0
12791,Stopping Hillary’s Coming War on Syria,"Email 
With Hillary Clinton’s victory in the bag, there’s a growing fear that her presidency will begin with a bang: regime change in Syria. Clinton has said as much. Last year Reuters reported that “removing President Assad” would be Clinton’s “top priority.” 
This regime change sentiment was echoed more recently by her foreign policy adviser, Jeremy Bash, who said that Clinton would “…work to get Bashar al-Assad, the Syrian president, “out of there.” 
More spectacularly has been Clinton’s repeated insistence during debates that a “no fly zone” should be implemented in Syria, which, as the Libyan experiment proved, is a euphemism for regime change and war. 
The fact that such blatant warmongering can go unchallenged is itself a major PR victory for the establishment. The anti-war movement seems speechless, immobile in the face of yet another war. 
This paralysis is due, in part, to the Left’s splintering over Syria, where vicious infighting over a consistent anti-war perspective has spoiled debate. 
Instead of focusing on stopping the next war, the Left continues to bicker about who deserves the most blame for the Syrian catastrophe. As a result, working people are left in the dark about the U.S. role in the Syrian war. They don’t know the U.S. has been leading a proxy war against the Syrian government, and they are unprepared for the full-scale military intervention that remains a real possibility. 
The vast educational void around Syria is being filled, in part, by mainstream politicians, such as moderate Congressional Democrat Tulsi Gabbard, who sounds “radical” when she recently wrote in an online petition: 
”The war to overthrow the Syrian government of Assad is creating more devastation, human suffering, and refugees…Have we learned nothing from Iraq and Libya? We must end our [U.S.] war to overthrow the Syrian government of Assad now.” 
If only most Left groups spoke as clearly as Gabbard about Syria, whose petition is only radical because the Left has so thoroughly minimized the U.S. role in funding, arming, training, and coordinating the proxy war against the Syrian government. 
A key mistake some Left groups make is focusing their anti-war actions on “all sides,” wrongly believing that this alone is an internationalist approach against imperialism and war. But a critical component gets ignored when this principle is clung to. 
Stopping the U.S. war on Syria requires that U.S. activists actively educate and focus on the U.S. role, so that people can be agitated into action and mobilized by the tens of thousands. The principled “pox on both houses” approach leads, in practice, to inaction, making it an empty phrase when what is needed is a concrete strategy for effective on the ground organizing. 
The essence of a revolutionary, internationalist approach to anti-war strategy was summarized by Leon Trotsky, when he said “In the struggle against imperialism and war the basic principle is: ‘the chief enemy is in your own country.’” 
The quote is a guide to action for those living in imperialist countries, and the U.S. remains the world’s foremost imperialist country. Syria is not an imperialist country. 
The focus, therefore, for U.S. anti-war activists should be on the U.S.’ actions abroad in order to mobilize to stop it. An internationalist approach is working to minimize the harm that your imperialist country can do to the working class abroad. 
All anti-war organizers should base their actions on this premise, since this truism allows for the most effective anti-war strategy when put into practice. Straying from this principle can get you into serious trouble. 
It’s in your own country where you actually organize people on the ground, where they can be educated and mobilized directly against the government to apply direct pressure. 
Writing the occasional anti-war article that analyzes the various bad actors is fine, but when it comes to the realm of action and organizing, focus is required. You cannot organize effectively against all sides. Your efforts must be prioritized where you can have the most impact, and where your efforts cannot be co-opted by your government as war propaganda. 
Your own government is the enemy because its foreign policy is dictated by the same U.S. corporations that exercise power domestically, who exploit workers in the U.S., who don’t pay taxes in the U.S., and who fund anti-worker legislation domestically. 
Some of these same corporations want raw materials, contracts, and new markets abroad, and will bomb the world to smithereens to get it. The fight against war always starts at home. 
As Fred Halstead wrote in the groundbreaking work “Out Now,” the anti-Vietnam war movement was strong when it focused on educating and mobilizing U.S. society, from students, veterans, union members, etc., while also directly agitating U.S. troops stationed in Vietnam, who were emboldened by the mass rallies they saw at home. When U.S. soldiers began organizing against their officers by refusing to fight, the war could no longer continue. The excellent documentary “Sir No Sir” shows the power of organizing active duty military personnel. 
The anti-Vietnam war movement didn’t focus on the violence of the North Vietnamese, or the role played by China and the U.S.S.R., they focused on the role played by the U.S., and because of this they were able to effectively educate and mobilize hundreds of thousands of people, stop the war, and effect a cultural change in the U.S. where for decades it was politically impossible to enact direct military intervention. 
A similar approach was used by the Russian revolutionaries in World War I, where a massive anti-war movement was created, not by agitating against the Germans — who were arguably the aggressors — but by focusing first on the Czar of Russia, and then on the Russian capitalists who wanted to continue the war after the Czar’s downfall. The mobilization for “peace” grew to be one of the pillar demands of the successful revolution. 
U.S. Left groups needn’t focus on the “evils” of Russia or the Syrian government; huge resources are already spent on this by multi-billion-dollar media conglomerates. Demonizing the enemy of U.S. imperialism doesn’t help U.S. workers in terms of mobilizing to stop the war. In fact, demonizing “the enemy” helps keep workers passive, since it makes the war appear “moral.” 
A good example of this grave mistake comes from the International Socialist Organization (ISO), whose recent article criticizes the new antiwar coalition ‘Hands Off Syria.” The article reads: 
“U.S. Hands Off Syria is exclusively focused on opposing U.S. military intervention and what it claims is Washington’s determination to achieve regime change in Syria. But this means the coalition and those who endorse it ignore the main source of the barbaric violence and repression in Syria today: the Assad government, its allies within the region and the Russian empire that backs Assad to the hilt….” 
Hands Off Syria keeps true to the antiwar maxim “the chief enemy is in your own country,” and the ISO ridicules them for it. 
The same article goes on to slander Hands Off Syria by accusing them of “…supporting a dictator like Assad and an imperialist power like Vladimir Putin’s Russia.” This “pro-Assad” slander has been aimed at anyone — this writer included — who focuses their fire on the U.S. involvement in the Syrian conflict. The smear campaign has ruined the discussion around Syria, helping to mis-educate people who might otherwise be organized into action. 
The ISO fails to mention in its article that Hands Off Syria specifically mentions that “It is not our business to support or oppose President Assad or the Syrian government. Only the Syrian people have the right to decide the legitimacy of their government.” 
The ISO calls Hands Off Syria “pro-Assad” because the group says, correctly, that Syria has the right to self-determination. In a nutshell “self-determination” means that non-imperialist countries, like Syria, have a right not to be interfered with by imperialist countries, such as the United States. 
All revolutionaries have a duty to uphold this core tenant of anti-imperialism. Watering this principle down — because “Assad is a brutal dictator” — is another example of undercutting both theory and action around anti-war work. 
The main demands of the Hands Off Syria coalition are completely supportable from an internationalist, socialist perspective, and deserve mention, since they went unmentioned in the ISO article that attacked them: 
1 An immediate end to the U.S. policy of forced regime change in Syria and full recognition and compliance by the U.S., NATO and their allies with principles of international law and the U.N. Charter, including respect for the independence and territorial integrity of Syria. 
2 An immediate end to all foreign aggression against Syria, and serious efforts toward a political resolution to the war. 
3 An immediate end to all military, financial, logistical and intelligence support by the U.S., NATO and their regional allies to all foreign mercenaries and extremists in the Middle East region. 
4 An immediate end to economic sanctions against Syria. Massive international aid for displaced people within Syria and Syrian refugees abroad. 
Hands of Syria is a united front coalition that should have existed for several years; its late arrival is due to the gutter-level Syria debate among Left groups. So attacking this big step forward in anti-war work only detracts from the anti-war movement, and thus empowers the U.S. government to act with a freer hand in Syria. 
A consistent antiwar approach means combining theory with action, going beyond intellectual exercises and into organizing. If an antiwar theory equals inaction in the face of war, that perspective is exposed as moribund, lifeless. An antiwar approach must have practical applications to movement politics, a way to connect with and mobilize the masses. 
Blaming “all sides” has the unintended consequences of pacifying working people in the face of war, since the kind education that might agitate them into action — their own government’s actions — is being either minimized or crowded out by nonstop comparisons with the “worse” actions of other governments (those in the cross-hairs of U.S. imperialism). 
To put anti-war work into practice, every effort must be made to explain the history of the U.S. intervention in Syria, and how this intervention continues today, and how the logic of this intervention inevitably leads to a full scale military confrontation, as very nearly happened in 2013 when Obama backed down from attacking the Syrian government. 
A revolutionary approach to war lies in exposing the lies of the capitalist media and politicians, so that workers understand the propaganda that is leading them into war, so they can be prepared to mobilize against it when war breaks out. Anything less is an academic exercise, divorced from the realities of the class struggle in the U.S. 
Most conflicts have several precipitating factors, so ascribing blame to who fired the first shot or who was the “most savage” cannot be a guiding force in anti-war work. It serves mainly to distract, to disorient. By focusing on Russia and Syria, the U.S. war propaganda goes unchallenged, and thus can maintain a powerful stultifying force on working people in the face of war. 
Any mass movement for peace wields revolutionary implications. Especially in the U.S., whose global empire of military bases acts as a stifling conservative political force across the globe, while the domestic politics have been stifled by this same “military industrial complex.” This behemoth of concentrated power will require an equal power to demobilize it, and that power can only be the working class mobilized. 
Any effective anti-war work must stay true to the basic principles elaborated by Trotsky decades ago: 
“The transformation of imperialist war into civil [class] war is that general strategic task to which the whole work of a proletarian party during war should be subordinated.” 
The enemy remains at home.",0
12792,U.S. Wrestles With How to Fight Back Against Cyberattacks - The New York Times,"ASPEN, Colo.  —   It has been an open secret throughout the Obama presidency that world powers have escalated their use of cyberpower. But the recent revelations of hacking into Democratic campaign computer systems in an apparent attempt to manipulate the 2016 election is forcing the White House to confront a new question: whether, and if so how, to retaliate. So far, the administration has stopped short of publicly accusing the Russian government of President Vladimir V. Putin of engineering the theft of research and emails from the Democratic National Committee and hacking into other campaign computer systems. However, private investigators have identified the suspects, and American intelligence agencies have told the White House that they have “high confidence” that the Russian government was responsible. Less certain is who is behind the selective leaks of the material, and whether they have a clear political objective. Suspecting such meddling is different from proving it with a certainty sufficient for any American president to order a response. Even if officials gather the proof, they may not be able to make their evidence public without tipping off Russia, or its proxies in cyberspace, about how deeply the National Security Agency has penetrated that country’s networks. And designing a response that will send a clear message, without prompting escalation or undermining efforts to work with Russia in places like Syria, where Russia is simultaneously an adversary and a partner, is even harder. The Russians tried to make it tougher still on Saturday when they declared that they had found evidence of American activity in their government systems. It was hardly a shocking revelation anyone who leafed through Edward J. Snowden’s revelations saw evidence of daily efforts to break into Russian spy agencies, nuclear installations and leadership compounds. But in a talk on Friday evening at the Aspen Security Forum, an annual gathering that draws many of the nation’s top intelligence and military officials, John O. Brennan, the director of the Central Intelligence Agency, made clear that while spying on each other’s political institutions is fair game, making data public  —   in true or altered form  —   to influence an election is a new level of malicious activity, far different from ordinary spy vs. spy maneuvers. “When it is determined who is responsible for this,” Mr. Brennan said, choosing his words carefully to avoid any direct implication of Russia, there “will be discussions at the highest levels of government about what the right course of action will be. Obviously interference in the U. S. election process is a very, very serious matter. ” The Russia problem is thorny, and persistent. Just four months into his presidency in 2009, President Obama and his top national security advisers received a warning from American intelligence agencies: Of all the nations targeting America’s computer networks, a National Intelligence Estimate warned, Russia had the most “robust, longstanding program that combines a patient, multidisciplinary approach to computer network operations with proven access and tradecraft. ” Mr. Obama might have been a bit distracted at the time. While setting up his new administration, he was also learning the dark arts of cyberwar, descending into the Situation Room to oversee a complex   offensive operation to disable Iran’s nuclear centrifuges. He expressed concern to his aides that the operation would help fuel the escalation of cyberattacks and counterattacks. The concern was justified. Since then, Iran has attacked Saudi Arabia, Russia has brought down a power grid in Ukraine, the North Koreans have attacked the South. The list gets longer every month. But deterrence has been spotty. In the Democratic National Committee case, two senior administration officials spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss the options, ranging from countercyberattacks on the F. S. B. and the G. R. U. two competing Russian spy agencies at the center of the current hacking, to economic, travel and other sanctions aimed at suspected perpetrators. At the event in Aspen on Saturday afternoon, Lisa O. Monaco, Mr. Obama’s homeland security adviser, sidestepped specific discussion of the D. N. C. hacking but acknowledged that the administration might soon have to consider whether the United States’ electoral system constitutes “critical infrastructure,” like the power grid or the cellphone network. “I think it’s a serious question,” she said, especially if there is “coercion, destruction, manipulation of data. ” Ms. Monaco noted that whenever the United States thinks about retaliation, “the danger of escalation and misinterpretation is such that we have to be responsible about it. ” But she also said that if an event were serious enough, “we have to be very clear we will respond. ” The cost of doing nothing could be high. As the United States and other nations move to more electronic voting systems, the opportunities for mischief rise. Imagine, for example, a vote as close as the 2000 presidential election between George W. Bush and Al Gore, but with accusations about    foreign manipulation of the ballots or the vote count, leaving Americans wondering about the validity of the outcome. For Mr. Obama, the president who has done the most to raise alarms about the risks of cyberattacks and the most to build up the United States Cyber Command, this territory is fraught with politics, intelligence   and questions of American values. “I think that the administration needs to be ironclad on the evidence here to convince the American people that this is about policy, not politics,” said Jason Healey, a scholar at Columbia University who specializes in cyberconflict between nations. “This has got to be about defending a constitutional process, not a party. ” Last week, two California Democrats who specialize in intelligence issues, Representative Adam B. Schiff and Senator Dianne Feinstein, sent Mr. Obama a letter urging him to make public the intelligence assessments on the Democratic National Committee hacking. Mr. Obama often says the world of cyberconflict is still “the Wild West. ” There are no treaties, no international laws, just a patchwork set of emerging “norms” of what constitutes acceptable behavior. For example, Mr. Obama has pressed President Xi Jinping of China to work with the United States and other nations to develop rules about the theft of intellectual property, and about not interfering with a nation’s efforts to bring attacked systems back online. Attacking another nation’s power grid in peacetime is considered out of bounds. But every new case brings a new and imaginative way to weaponize cyberpower. Until November 2014, when North Korea hacked into the computers at Sony Pictures Entertainment in retaliation for a comedy that portrayed a C. I. A. plot to assassinate Kim   the country’s leader, no one seriously considered a movie studio to be “critical infrastructure. ” Yet the attack on Sony  —   which melted down 70 percent of its computing power  —   was the only case that brought the president to the White House press room to accuse another nation of launching a deliberate cyberattack, and to promise retaliation. Mr. Obama said he was driven to go public by the fact that North Korea was trying to suppress free speech and intimidate Americans with threats if they went to the theater. It is unclear how the United States may have retaliated against the North in secret, if it even did so. But the public punishment, the announcement of some mild economic sanctions, seemed highly ineffective. They were lost in the sea of other sanctions imposed on the North since the signing of the armistice that halted, but did not end, the Korean War 63 years ago. Yet the decision to name North Korea  —   a country with which the United States does no other real business  —   was an outlier. China was never formally named in the theft of the security clearance files on more than 21 million Americans, revealing fingerprints, personal financial details and the personal data about family, friends and former lovers. To James R. Clapper Jr. the director of national intelligence, that was not an “attack,” it was just very good espionage. Given the chance, he said last year, “we would have done the same thing. ” Similarly, the administration decided not to call out Russia when the same intelligence agencies implicated in the D. N. C. attack were believed to be behind the siphoning of tens of thousands of unclassified emails from the systems of the State Department and the White House. There was also a more targeted cyberespionage operation, which investigators attributed to the same actors, aimed at the Joint Chiefs of Staff. But again, it was considered within the bounds of spy vs. spy. Speaking at the Aspen forum on Thursday, Mr. Clapper, while stepping around who had conducted the hacking, said that in Mr. Putin’s mind, the United States had meddled in Russian politics, in Ukraine and Georgia  —   all part of former Soviet territory. (Mr. Putin complained that Hillary Clinton, in 2011, helped spark protests over a Russian parliamentary election that the United States considered riddled with voter fraud.) “Of course they see a U. S. conspiracy behind every bush and ascribe far more impact than we’re actually guilty of, but that’s their ” Mr. Clapper said. “And so I think their approach is they believe we are trying to influence political developments in Russia, trying to effect change, and so their natural response is to retaliate and do unto us as they think we’ve done unto them. ” He later described Mr. Putin as “paranoid” and said “he is less of a throwback to the Communist era, than to the czars. ” He added later: “He wants to be seen as the leader of a great power, coequal with the United States. ”",0
12793,When Charlottesville Was Nuked,"Posted on November 2, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
Thirty-seven years ago, the United States Congress commissioned and published a work of fiction, an account of what life in Charlottesville, Virginia, might be like during a nuclear war. It’s contained in a longer report called The Effects of Nuclear War which came out in May of 1979. It’s widely available online . 
I take an interest for 15 pretty solid reasons: I live in Charlottesville. The world still has enough nuclear weapons with which to destroy itself many times over. We pay a lot less attention to preventing such a disaster now than we did 37 years ago. More nations have nukes now and many more are close to having them. We know more now about the numerous nuclear accidents and misunderstandings that have nearly killed us all over the decades. India and Pakistan are actually at war. The United States and Russia are as close to war as they’ve been in 98 years. The United States is investing in newer and smaller, “more usable” nukes. This Congressional best case scenario for a U.S. city during a nuclear war is deeply disturbing. We now know that even a limited nuclear war would produce a nuclear winter , preventing the production of crops depicted in this tale. It’s not so clear to me that Charlottesville would still rank last on a list of targets for nuclear missiles. It is, after all, home to the Army JAG school, the National Ground Intelligence Center, various weapon makers, a heavily militarized university, and the CIA’s underground hideout . The United Nations has just set up negotiations for the coming year of a global treaty to ban nuclear weapons, and it’s worth trying to understand why. If we survive our possession of nuclear knowledge, we still have climate catastrophe to quickly and miraculously evade or prepare for. The Republican candidate for U.S. president. The Democratic candidate for U.S. president. 
So, here are a few excerpts that I encourage you to consider: 
“[This account] presents one among many possibilities, and in particular it does not consider the situation if martial law were imposed or if the social fabric disintegrated into anarchy. . . . 
“Refugees came from Washington, 130 miles to the north, and they came from Richmond, 70 miles to the east. A few of the hardier types continued on into the mountains and caverns near Skyline Drive; the majority sought the reassurances of civilization that the small city could provide. . . . 
“At the sound of the sirens and the emergency radio alerts, most of Charlottesville and Albemarle County hurried to shelter. Fortunately, Charlottesville had a surplus of shelter space for its own population, though the refugees easily took up the slack. Many headed for the University grounds and the basements of the old neoclassical buildings designed by Thomas Jefferson; others headed downtown for the office building parking garages. . . . 
“Most did not see the attacks on Richmond and on Washington as they huddled in their shelters. But the sky to the east and north of Charlottesville glowed brilliant in the noonday sun. At first no one knew how extensive the damage was. . . . 
“The total dose [of radiation] in the first 4 days was 2,000 reins, which killed those who refused to believe shelter was necessary, and increased the risk of eventually dying of cancer for those who were properly sheltered. . . . 
“Three days after the attacks, the next large influx of refugees poured into Charlottesville, many of them suffering with the early symptoms of radiation sickness. . . . 
“After being turned away, the sick had no specific destination. Many still clustered around the middle of town near the two major hospitals, taking up residence in the houses abandoned by local residents several days before. With minimal protection from fallout and no medical treatment for other trauma, many died, their bodies left unburied for several weeks. . . . 
“Unprotected farm animals were dead, while those which had been confined to fairly solid barns with uncontaminated feed had a fair chance of surviving. Many of these farm animals, however, were missing, apparently eaten by hungry refugees and residents. . . . 
“During the third week after the attacks, the new rationing system come into force. Individual identification cards were issued to every man, woman and child. Food was distributed at centralized points. . . . 
“By now, the emergency government recognized that the need for food was going to be acute. Without power for refrigeration, much food had spoiled; stocks of nonperishable foods were mostly exhausted. As the shortages became clear, the price of food skyrocketed. . . . 
“In addition to those with terminal radiation sickness, there were those with nonfatal cases and those who showed some symptoms. Often it was impossible for doctors to quickly identify those with flu or psychosomatic radiation symptoms. The number of patients crowding the emergency rooms did not slacken off. . . . 
“The supply of drugs on hand at the hospitals was dwindling fast. Although penicillin could be manufactured fairly easily in the laboratories at the university, many other drugs were not so simple, even with talent and ingenuity. . . . 
“Food riots broke out 4 1/2 weeks after the attacks — precipitated by the first large shipment of grain. . . . 
“One day, quite without warning, the city manager was informed that one-half of his fuel stores were to be confiscated by the Federal Government, for the military and for the reconstruction effort. . . . 
“In Charlottesville alone, several thousand people died in the first winter after the nuclear attack. . . . 
“It was clear that if the economy did not get moving again soon, it might never. Already there were indications that manufacturing was not reestablishing itself with anywhere near the speed the planners had hoped. . . . 
“‘We will have survived biologically, but our way of life is going to be unrecognizable. In several generations, the United States is going to resemble a late medieval society.'” This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink . US Insiders – Not Russia – Leaked Clinton Emails → WillDippel 
Here is an article that looks at the Obama Administration’s addition to America’s nuclear weapon inventory: 
This weapon is an obvious breach of Barack Obama’s promise in 2009 to deescalate the global nuclear weapons threat. ClubToTheHead 
With minimal protection … and no medical treatment for other trauma, many died, their bodies left unburied for several weeks. . . . 
Shades of Katrina.",0
12794,Economic Promises a President Trump Could (and Couldn’t) Keep - The New York Times,"In the hills and hollows of Mingo County, W. Va. where unemployment is nearly triple the national average, it’s coal. On the southwest side of Chicago, where the landscape couldn’t be more different but the economic fears are much the same, it’s Oreo cookies. Elsewhere, it is cars, computers and  . And whether it is through rolling back regulations, imposing tariffs or making some    phone calls from the Oval Office to the   Donald J. Trump has vowed to bring back the vanishing jobs of miners, bakers and   workers, beginning on Day 1 of his administration. “It’s going to happen fast,” Mr. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for president, recently told a cheering crowd in Charleston, W. Va. “This is so easy. ” If only that were true. For all of the appeal his message might have for residents there (Mr. Trump captured almost 90 percent of the vote in Mingo County) much of what he is promising to do  —   on his own, and through congressional legislation  —   couldn’t be accomplished in the first 1, 000 days of a Trump administration, much less the first 100. For example, Mr. Trump has suggested easing   regulations enacted by Democrats and Republicans alike that have hurt the coal industry. But King Coal is unlikely to ever recapture market share lost in recent years to natural gas made cheap by the fracking boom, not to mention   alternative energy sources like wind and solar. Nor could Mr. Trump, a billionaire businessman, force steel makers to buy coal from Appalachia to heat furnaces in Asia, Europe and North America that have been idled by weak demand. “I will not say he can’t do anything, but it’s very unlikely he’ll be able to restore coal to where it was,” said John Deskins, director of the West Virginia University Bureau of Business and Economic Research. With production and employment in the mines down by about a third since 2008, Mr. Deskins said, “even in our most optimistic scenario, we don’t expect a big bounce back. ” Of course, a Trump presidency is far from certain. And any president’s sway over the national economy is debatable. But a big part of what has gotten Mr. Trump this far are his outsize promises. And while the case of coal and clean air illustrates the limits of a president’s power in the economic arena, there are other places where Mr. Trump would have considerably more room to maneuver. Like much of his speechifying, Mr. Trump’s economic and business agenda is a mixture of opening bids and   messages as well as some    proposals he might be able to put in effect as president, even without congressional approval. Sorting out what’s what, though, isn’t simple or safe. Just ask the pundits who wrote off Mr. Trump’s candidacy as a sideshow even as he won one primary after another. For his part, Mr. Trump warns it would be a mistake to underestimate his ability to change the rules of the game. “In my whole life, I’ve gotten things done,” he said in an interview on Saturday. “Whether it’s getting a city built on the West Side of Manhattan or getting zoning board approvals, my whole life has been finding a consensus. ” But when it comes to companies moving jobs out of the United States, he said a tougher tone was in order. “I’m not Obama, and there are stupid people in our government,” he said. “With me, there will be consequences if you move, and the consequences will be severe. ” In terms of coal and recovering all of those vanished jobs in West Virginia, Mr. Trump acknowledged that price competition from cheaper natural gas was fierce. “But coal is still less expensive, and it has a major place in terms of energy,” he said. And regulatory relief  —   whether in terms of environmental rules or workplace safety  —   would benefit the industry, he said. “I have become very well versed on coal,” Mr. Trump said. “The regulations are brutal, and they are sending inspectors into the mines two and three times a day. Even the miners say it’s out of control. ” In law firms, corporate boardrooms, lobbyist watering holes and think tanks in Washington and beyond, experts are quietly assessing what a Trump presidency might actually look like in practice. Or to put it more bluntly, business is business. So whether they find Mr. Trump politically abhorrent or a welcome antidote to the status quo, these insiders also want to know what he might mean for their bottom line. National debate: “Trump would put the bully in bully pulpit. ” Perhaps the greatest opportunity for Mr. Trump lies in the extraordinary ability of any president to direct the tone and contours of the national debate, especially on issues he has highlighted, like how American companies should treat their American workers. And unlike most past Republican candidates, Mr. Trump has not been reluctant to criticize big business on that topic. “Donald Trump would put the bully in bully pulpit,” said Seth Harris, who served as a top official in the Labor Department under Democratic presidents. Immigration: “Where the president’s power is least restricted. ” Consider immigration, one of Mr. Trump’s signature issues. He might well be able to deliver on one of his central campaign promises: handing out fewer green cards to foreign workers, or denying a place to   visa holders unless their American employers agree to pay them more. “There’s a reason why so many of Trump’s proposals revolve around the idea of denying visas to people,” said William A. Stock, a lawyer in Philadelphia who is the   of the American Immigration Lawyers Association. “That’s where the president’s power is least restricted, if he asserts it. ” The Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952, Mr. Stock said, gives the president “the ability to suspend the entry of foreign nationals whose entry is deemed to be detrimental to the interests of the U. S. ” Noting that recent administrations have invoked the law to forbid entry to individuals from the former Yugoslavia accused of human rights violations, as well as to Cuban and Iranian government officials, Mr. Stock said, “This is a tool that is pretty powerful, but it’s usually been used in more limited instances. ” Financial reform: “When it comes to regulation, people are policy. ” And what about “dismantling” the 2010   financial law, as Mr. Trump promised this month? Repealing the law might be difficult, but experts who helped draft the regulations agreed that Mr. Trump could defang them through selective enforcement  —   appointing different officials to the Federal Reserve and the Securities and Exchange Commission  —   and by issuing new executive orders. A President Trump would have wide latitude to name his own people to oversee less conspicuous but powerful agencies like the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and to seed Treasury and other government departments with   officials. “When it comes to regulation, people are policy,” said Aaron Klein, a top official at the Treasury Department from 2009 to 2012 and helped draft the   bill. “Regulators who don’t want to regulate can thwart the will of Congress. ” But the president’s reach isn’t unlimited. Nor is it speedy. And however stupendous Mr. Trump’s   skills may be, the forces of gridlock in the nation’s capital are no less awesome. “The system doesn’t change,” said Tom Korologos, a longtime Republican strategist and an adviser at the law firm DLA Piper in Washington. “Trump can say, ‘I’m going to repeal this or I’m going to repeal that,’ but it’s going to take longer than 100 days. ” Mr. Korologos, who served on the transition teams of President Ronald Reagan and President George W. Bush, isn’t supporting Mr. Trump this year. He added that while the presumptive Republican nominee’s promises might make “for nice talking points, it will be harder than he thinks. ” Tax cuts: A Republican Congress is unlikely to accept a $10 trillion deficit over 10 years. That’s especially true when it comes to the macroeconomic picture. Mr. Trump claims his proposal for sweeping tax cuts for individuals and businesses wouldn’t bust the budget and could lift the economy’s annual growth rate to 6 percent. More   experts say that’s magical thinking, a 2016 version of “voodoo economics,” as President George H. W. Bush famously described what came to be known as Reaganomics in the 1980s. They estimate Mr. Trump’s tax plan could create a $10 trillion shortfall at the Treasury over the next decade, and note that annual economic growth has topped 5 percent only once in the last 35 years. “I have a hard time believing that even a Republican Congress would enact his tax plan, because it would create enormous deficits,” said William G. Gale, an economist under the first President Bush who is now   of the Tax Policy Center in Washington. Mr. Trump responded that “those tax cuts go hand in hand with many other things. ” As a result of getting tough on trade policy and what he considers currency manipulation by China, Mr. Trump argues that more jobs would return to the United States, which in turn would spur economic growth and therefore tax revenues. Whether or not that’s realistic, any significant alteration in trade or tax policy means winning over the House Ways and Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee, both of which zealously guard their turf. “This is what makes them tick,” Mr. Korologos said. “It’s going to take more than just a bunch of rhetoric to change things. ” Labor: An ebb and flow when administrations change hands in Washington. Like Mr. Korologos, Mr. Harris, the former Labor Department official, has seen the ebb and flow when administrations change hands in Washington. Except he was on the opposite side of the aisle, having served on the Democratic transition teams after President Bill Clinton was elected in 1992 and after President Obama’s victory in 2008. At Labor, where he was a top adviser under Mr. Clinton, and then as deputy secretary in the Obama administration, Mr. Harris saw firsthand just how much influence the president could have. Tasked with enforcing regulations on whether companies are abiding by minimum wage requirements, child labor restrictions, affirmative action guidelines, workplace safety rules and a web of other laws, Mr. Harris said, the Labor Department has never been very popular with big business or the Republican candidates it supports. And when George W. Bush succeeded Bill Clinton, the change was swift, Mr. Harris said. Budgets were cut, and travel to inspect factories and mines decreased. There was less emphasis on enforcement, going into workplaces and punishing violations, he said, and more on educating employers about potential infractions. After Mr. Harris returned to the Labor Department in 2009, budgets were increased, and surprise workplace inspections were resumed. “We investigated more deeply, enforced procedures, and were more likely to find violations,” he said. “There was no executive order or action by Congress or the White House. We just did it. The laws existed  —   it was a matter of whether you were going to solve the problem aggressively or be more passive. ” Republicans, including Mr. Trump, have long argued that regulatory zeal kills jobs and undermines economic growth. Democrats maintain it is necessary to protect employees from abuses and risks, while imposing checks on the power of big companies. Both arguments contain elements of truth. But Mr. Harris said that what was critical was that    civil servants quickly adapted to the message coming down from the Oval Office. “The president sets the tone for how our government is going to relate to our country,” said Mr. Harris, who is now a lawyer in private practice in Washington. “How the laws are implemented and enforced, how the money is spent and how motivated people are to do their job. ” Health care: “Selling insurance isn’t like selling credit cards. ”   isn’t the only big   law Mr. Trump has talked about repealing. The other prominent target of Mr. Trump’s ire  —   the Affordable Care Act  —   would be trickier to dispose of. Even if Republicans controlled the White House and both houses of Congress, simply repealing the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, could bring on a political backlash from the 12. 7 million Americans who are directly covered under the law, not to mention millions more who benefit from provisions like those that allow young adults to be covered under their parents’ policy and those that prevent insurers from dropping coverage for   conditions. Moreover, Mr. Trump displays a lack of understanding of how health insurance works. For example, one specific change in the A. C. A. that Mr. Trump, along with other Republican candidates, has called for  —   allowing insurers to sell policies across state lines  —   is permitted under the law now. The problem, said Nicholas Bagley, a professor of law at the University of Michigan, is that insurers don’t want to do it because it’s not practical. “Selling insurance isn’t like selling credit cards,” Mr. Bagley said. “   health insurers don’t have networks of doctors and hospitals in place. The problem isn’t legal restraints, and it’s not a solution to what ails the health care economy. ” Mr. Trump responded that deregulation is still the answer, despite the skepticism of experts like Mr. Bagley. “The problem is rules, regulations and restrictions,” he said. “You’re going to have rate increases that are catastrophic, and the deductibles are so high people can’t even use the health care. If it was really open and you got competition going, amazing things will happen. ” Environment: Sending “a chill down the spine” of people who enforce the laws. Environmental regulation offers a more promising target for Mr. Trump, who has called the Environmental Protection Agency a laughingstock and a disgrace, and has promised to cut its budget. In fact, in the absence of congressional action, the Trump administration could target many other environmental regulations by simply going after the people who enforce them, said Don Barry, who spent two decades at the Interior Department and directed the United States Fish and Wildlife Service under President Clinton. Decades later, Mr. Barry still recalls how a round of firings in the Interior Department at the dawn of the Reagan administration signaled a turnabout in policy. “The single biggest thing they can do is send a chill down the spine of career survivors in the bureaucracy and bring things to a halt,” he said. Similarly, a Trump administration might be willing to approve state environmental plans that are more friendly to fossil fuels, said Kevin Book, head of research at ClearView Energy Partners. Proposed, but not completed,   regulations aimed at restricting   mining for coal in West Virginia could be eased, he said. Trade: Trump can punish countries, but jobs are unlikely to return. Still, even if Mr. Trump were to win in November and roll back some environmental regulations, it wouldn’t significantly alter the fate of Mingo County and much of the nation’s depressed coal industry. “Taking a more lenient stance on   or   rules would do nothing to help coal demand,” Mr. Book said. “  power plants have been mothballed and are being disassembled, and that capacity is gone. It’s not even close to something you could reverse by administrative fiat. ” If Washington’s ability to gridlock even the most ambitious of presidential agendas were to block Mr. Trump’s White House plans, he would still have the bully pulpit, of course. And unlike Theodore Roosevelt, who coined that term, Mr. Trump probably wouldn’t speak softly. Still, that might not be enough to keep Oreos baking in Chicago. Nabisco’s bakery there isn’t shuttering completely as Mr. Trump has suggested, but some Oreo production will begin shifting to Salinas, Mexico  —   where Mondelez, Nabisco’s corporate parent, has invested $130 million to build new lines. Oreos will also continue to be produced at Nabisco bakeries in Virginia, New Jersey and Oregon. Announced in July 2015, the Nabisco layoffs in Chicago continued during the Illinois primary in March, despite jabs from Mr. Trump and both Democratic presidential contenders, Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders. United Technologies is similarly unlikely to rethink Carrier’s move out of Indianapolis. And in an era when Apple is willing to fight the Obama administration’s efforts to unlock an iPhone on national security grounds, more corporate defiance may become the norm. Blanketing countries from China to Mexico with import duties would be a tall order without congressional approval. The White House, though, does retain plenty of leeway to punish countries it thinks are engaged in currency manipulation, dumping of products below the cost of production and other   abuses. The problem for Mr. Trump  —   or any president who wants to get tough on trade violators  —   is that, in the global economy, imposing tariffs on competitors abroad could have serious economic consequences at home by sharply raising prices on imported goods. Cheaper   televisions, computers, clothes, furniture and other products from Walmart, Amazon and elsewhere have been a rare bright spot for struggling   and   Americans. And trade wars cut both ways: Retaliatory tariffs on   products from countries like China would prompt howls of pain at still strong domestic manufacturers like Caterpillar and Boeing. But for all the uncertainty around what might happen after Jan. 20, 2017, the lawyers and lobbyists who are now trying to gauge a Trump presidency are already emerging as winners. Mr. Trump’s    unpredictability, Mr. Korologos said, is proving to be a boon for Washington’s legions of lobbyists. “Corporate America hates the unknown,” he said. “God only knows what the hell Trump is for. And corporate America is going to want someone to save them. ”",0
12795,University of California IT Workers Sue After Losing Jobs To Outsourcing - Breitbart,"IT workers at the University of California intend to file a lawsuit challenging their dismissal after they were replaced by offshore workers, arguing that those sacked from the UC San Francisco campus were discriminated against based on age and national origin. [Around 80 people lost their positions in the department, including 50   workers and 30 contractors, in a move that is unheard of in the public sector, where offsourcing is much less common than in the private sector. UCSF hired the   firm HCL to handle its services instead of the American workers.  Randall Strauss from Gwilliam Ivary Chiosso Cavalli  Brewer, the attorney representing the   argued that “to take a workforce that is overwhelmingly over the age of 40 and replace them with folks who are mainly in their 20s  —   early 20s, in fact  —   we think is age discrimination. ” The group also represents and “reflects the diversity of California”  —   to allow them to be “replaced with people who come from one particular part of the world” is discrimination based on their national origin, continued Strauss. The lawsuit will be filed in Alameda County Superior Court. On Wednesday, details about UCSF’s financial situation emerged that may help the IT workers in their case. A report by a California state auditor found an undisclosed $175 million in funds in the university’s budget the outsourcing would be estimated to save $10 million a year for the next 5 years. The lead counsel on the case, J. Gary Gwilliam, released a statement on the subject of the university funding: It is unbelievable to me that a public university would ship good American jobs overseas by telling the fired workers, the Regents, the Legislature and public of a crying need to save money, while at the same time maintaining a secret slush fund of $175 million dollars which would more than cover the cost of keeping all these jobs in California, leaving more than enough money leftover to cover the needs of the University and its students. Similar lawsuits have been popping up around the country recently. In December, former IT workers at Disney filed a lawsuit against the company, claiming that American workers were being discriminated against in favor of hiring   visa workers from overseas. Some staff members even alleged that they were forced to train their foreign replacements before being allowed to take their redundancy check. Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can like his page on Facebook and follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard_ or on Gab @JH.",0
12796,Pelosi: Trump Dishonored God By Walking Away From Paris Accord - Breitbart,"Friday at her weekly press briefing, Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi ( ) said President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement was a “dishonor ” to God.  Pelosi said, “This is a matter of environmental justice. Lower income and minority families are disproportionately vulnerable to the ravages of the climate crisis. It’s civil rights issue. Environmental justice is. And we have a moral responsibility in addition to the national security, the economy and the health of our children. We have a moral responsibility. We must leave future generations with a healthy, sustainable planet. Faith leaders, starting with the Holiness Pope Francis, to the evangelical community, have urged us to be responsible stewards of the beauty of God’s creation. They believe as you live that this planet is God’s creation and we have a moral responsibility to be good stewards of it. ” “When we work with evangelical communities, we put together our climate legislation ten years ago, nine years ago,” she continued. “They had their literature which said that we had a moral responsibility to be good stewards of God’s creation, and in doing so, we must pay special attention to the needs of the poor. I saw it as an environmental justice issue as well in the evangelical community. When the pope went to the White House, he talked about the dangers of air pollution when he was here. Just last week, the pope met with President Trump and gave him a copy of his encyclical, which made the strong case to halt the climate crisis. The pope wrote the climate is a common good belonging to all and meant for all. The Bible tells us to minister to the needs of God’s creation is an act of worship. To ignore those needs is to dishonor the God who made us and that is what we are doing by walking away from this accord. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN  ",0
12797,Comment on Trump’s Speech to New World Order! by Debbie Menon,"Abby Martin Exposes What Hillary Clinton Really Represents ‹ › Since 2011, VNN has operated as part of the Veterans Today Network ; a group that operates over 50 plus media, information and service online sites for U.S. Military Veterans. Trump’s Speech to New World Order! By VNN on October 23, 2016 Trump takes aim at the New World Order 
Donald Trump Jr. w/Anderson Cooper; 8-30-2016 
Donald Trump Jr. joins left-wing CNN’s Anderson Cooper. Related Posts: The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VNN, VNN authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. Notices Posted by VNN on October 23, 2016, With 0 Reads, Filed under Afghanistan War (2002-?) , Africa Wars , Libyan Civil War (2011-?) , Syria War (2008-?) , Ukraine War (2014-?) , War , Yemen Civil War (2014-?) . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can leave a response or trackback to this entry FaceBook Comments",0
12798,Why Comey Reopened the Hillary Investigation,"By Joachim Hagopian October 31, 2016 
This last Friday it became public record that FBI Director James Comey reopened the Hillary Clinton email server investigation after repeatedly testifying before Congress and the world up to last July that he’d closed the case , after in his words not finding sufficient evidence of “any criminal wrongdoing ” to indict her in spite of her four years as Secretary of State egregiously breaching our national security , committing obstruction of justice and willful tampering with evidence, deleting 30,000 emails after receiving a court subpoena constituting destruction of evidence, not to mention repeatedly engaging in perjury before Congress and the FBI. 
But obviously, a federal investigation still in process in late June never stopped serial rapist-crime boss Bill Clinton’s illegal ambush at the Phoenix airport of Comey’s boss US Attorney General Loretta Lynch “clearing” the way for Hillary to proceed without consequence to be anointed as the next US figurehead puppet president by the ruling elite. Because it’s so blatantly obvious to the entire world that Hillary is guilty as sin, Comey’s whitewash didn’t go over well with either Americans or longtime FBI agents who reacted angrily to Comey’s over-the-top corruption. Subsequently, in recent months Comey has had a virtual mutiny on his hands as in the FBI boss has lost all credibility, respect, and moral authority. 
A former federal attorney for the District of Columbia Joe diGenova spelled it all out in a WMAL radio interview last Friday just hours after the news was released that Comey had sent a letter informing Congress that the case is being reopened. DiGenova said that with an open revolt brewing inside the FBI, Comey was forced to go public on Friday with reopening the investigation. The former DC attorney added that the FBI investigators discovered more emails on a phone confiscated from the former New York Congressman and separated husband Anthony Weiner that also included his wife and longtime Hillary’s right-hand woman Huma Abedin’s communications that allegedly bear pertinent relevance to the Hillary case. Funny how things have a karmic way of coming full circle – the Clintons first introduced Weiner and Abedin 15 years ago and they married a half dozen years ago. 
In a separate FBI investigation involving Weiner’s alleged sexting messages with a 15-year old minor , the phone in question was handed over to the FBI. The investigating teams of both the Weiner and Hillary cases compared notes and apparently additional emails not already issued by WikiLeaks or already in FBI possession recently came to light on Weiner’s phone . The legions of rank and file FBI agents were already fuming over Comey’s complete ethical and legal lapses in his choice not to indict Hillary. Joe diGenova believes that FBI personnel forced Comey’s hand to reopen the investigation after giving him the ultimatum that if he failed to do so, the FBI defiantly would. According to diGenova, this latest plot twist only proves that: 
The original investigation was not thorough, and that it was an incompetent investigation. 
Otherwise, had a real investigation been conducted, that Weiner phone used by both Anthony and Huma would have been picked up by the FBI and its contents thoroughly scrutinized long before now. 
In addition to stating the obvious, that the higher-up feds had already made the decision to not consequence Hillary for her crimes, speculating on why that phone was not already submitted to the FBI as evidence, the former DC attorney concluded: 
There could be one explanation: Huma Abedin may have denied that any other phone existed, and if she did, she committed a felony. She lied to the FBI just like General Cartwright , and if she did, she’s dead meat, and Comey knows it, and there’s nothing he can do about it. 
Finally, diGenova dropped one more bombshell in Friday’s interview. An inside source has revealed to him that the laptops belonging to key Clinton aides Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, both wrongly granted immunity , were not destroyed after all as previously reported, but have been secretly kept intact by investigating FBI agents refusing to destroy incriminating evidence as part of the in-house whitewash. Additionally like their boss, Hillary’s aides also sent classified material using private servers. On top of that, longtime aide Cheryl Mills on multiple occasions has perjured herself lying under oath for the Clinton crime family, tasked with “cleaning up” (aka covering up) their countless scandals over the past several decades. Indeed the whole Clinton entourage not already “mysteriously” winding up in the growing Clinton dead pool are all unindicted criminals protected by the corrosively corrupt DC cronyism where backroom deals (a la Bill’s airport ambush) are brokered based on whatever dirt’s been gathered and used as bargaining blackmail chips against all parties involved. That’s how the Washington crowd stays immune from any and all accountability as well as stays alive. Violate that crime syndicate code of conduct and you lose your life as more recent victims earlier this year have. 
In a “leaked” memo to his FBI that surfaced on Fox Friday night, Comey outlined his reasons for reopening the case in light of the new information the director believes would have ultimately been leaked to Congress and the public anyway. So in full damage control/CYA mode, the beleaguered director now going public really had no choice in the matter. His underlings were chomping at the bit to both out and oust him. In an obvious attempt to weakly claim some moral high ground, Comey wrote in his memo: 
I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record. 
Though his leadership and character are perceived by the vast majority of both FBI personnel as well as American citizens to presently lay in ruin as a pathetically shameful stain and humiliating joke on both the FBI organization and Washington in general, James Comey appears to be feebly attempting to save his own career and reputation for appearing now to “come clean.” But make no mistake, his moral turpitude displayed throughout this Hillary debacle from early 2015 to now has over-exposed him as a total lackey and fraud, so at this late stage of the game, redemption is not even an option. But the criminal misconduct, rampant corruption and diabolical evil committed by those at the highest puppet levels of federal power, and especially the elite puppet masters controlling them, their sins produce far more devastating consequences than this morally lacking man in the middle of this latest controversy. 
Because there is no way that the FBI will properly conclude this part 2 of the Hillary investigation saga before the November 8 th election, Hillary, and her Democrats are predictably crying foul , demanding that the FBI immediately disclose what it has, which of course is a moot point that won’t happen. It seems highly unlikely that the email texts from Abedin and Weiner found on his phone would not contain clear criminal evidence that implicates Hillary. Since Hillary was the globalist choice after Obama was selected in 2008, it seems unlikely that the puppet masters would not permit this latest development to even occur. But then perhaps the ruling elite is pulling the plug on Hillary, concluding that she simply carries too much liability baggage with her deteriorating health condition and never-ending scandals, maybe the globalists are rethinking an alternative replacement like her obnoxiously aggressive VP candidate, the Jesuit-trained and educated Tim Kaine. 
That said, there are some cynics who believe that this recent odd turn is the last ditch desperado attempt being staged to overturn Trump winning by a landslide. This conjectured scenario goes something like this: a few days prior to the election the FBI will once again “clear” Hillary of all charges. This, in turn, would offer her the last minute much needed boost being able to cash in on her worn out persecution complex , plagued forever by her “right wing conspiracy” theory against the “much maligned” woman of destiny. 
In response to all her scandals, Hillary’s M.O. has always been to falsely blame some villainous sinister force. This year it’s been Putin hacking into her emails, and Trump, Putin, and Assange colluding and plotting behind her back. She’s always been as paranoid as Richard Nixon , attempting to deflect the heat she draws from her own skullduggery lies by constantly pointing fingers to externalize blame onto others. It’s a deeply rooted pathological complex that certain tightly screwed sociopaths possess. 
This latest sudden turn of events obviously has James Comey incurring the wrath of Hillary Democrats as well as the Justice Department. By disclosing the reopened investigation so close to the election date that undoubtedly casts some influence on the potential outcome, Comey is defying his AG boss while clearly violating DOJ written policy . Lynch herself even tried to quash Comey’s letter to Congress. But as diGenova alluded, by Comey’s own past misdeeds (and those of his boss and Obama as well), the FBI director placed himself between this rock and a hard place by his own slipshod, half-ass probe failing to acquire Weiner’s phone the first time around. 
The entire sordid affair of this year’s totally rigged political election – pre-fixed in Hillary’s favor – blatantly reveals to America the gross misnomer of the US “justice” system being two-tiered, one for elitist crime cabal bosses like Hillary and the other for the rest of us 99% no longer protected in a totalitarian police state by our once rule of law the US Constitution. Regardless of what happens in the future, the truth genie’s already been let out of the bag, and for eyes open enough to see, it’s floating in the Washington cesspool of filth, debauchery and deception regularly perpetrated by our “entrusted perps” we have as our so called leaders. 
Moreover, this year’s unending batches of Wiki-leaked DNC/Hillary emails and Project Veritas undercover campaign videos confirm that the entire US political, as well as economic system, is morally and financially bankrupt, irreparably broken and in need of complete overhaul. Voter fraud and election fraud are rampant. Soros funded electronic voting machines that are preprogrammed to vote for Hillary are operating in 16 key battleground states. America’s internal house now is in total disarray, badly in need of a deep cleaning purge like never before. Mainstream media is strongly biased against Trump in its blind support for Hillary . As Secretary of State she treasonously sold out our nation, placing us all at high security risk and under foreign interest control at the hands of high rolling bidders so she and her fat cats can get richer as fellow partners-in-crime from places like Saudi Arabia and Israel, destroying our once sovereign country while aiding, abetting, financing and supporting our enemies the global terrorists around the world. She helped create ISIS and plans world war against Russia, China and Iran. The traitors in our government and their globalist puppet masters – the Rothschilds, Rockefellers , the Bushes and Clintons all need to be rounded up, imprisoned and tried at The Hague for both treason and their endless crimes against humanity. The Best of Joachim Hagopian Tags: Joachim Hagopian [ ] is a West Point graduate and former US Army officer. He has written a manuscript based on his unique military experience entitled “Don’t Let The Bastards Getcha Down.” It examines and focuses on US international relations, leadership and national security issues. After the military, Joachim earned a master’s degree in Clinical Psychology and worked as a licensed therapist in the mental health field for more than a quarter century. In recent years he has focused on his writing, becoming an alternative media journalist. His blog site is at http://empireexposed.blogspot.com .",0
12799,U.S. Finds Itself on Shakier Ground as Erdogan Confronts Mutiny - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   With all the crises in the Middle East, the Obama administration took solace in the fact that there was one reliable, democratically elected strongman  —   a stalwart member of NATO  —   that Washington could depend on: President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. No matter how the coup attempt against Mr. Erdogan plays out over the next hours and days, that certainty is shattered. Until midafternoon Friday, American officials thought Mr. Erdogan had tightened his iron grip on his country. He had purged the judiciary jailed insouciant senior military officers three years ago and installed seemingly compliant successors and cracked down on the opposition and the news media. As one senior American diplomat said Friday evening, no one had come to work that day at the White House, the State Department or the C. I. A. expecting to see Mr. Erdogan turn to FaceTime on his iPhone to plead with the Turkish people to take to the streets in his defense. Even though the coup attempt appeared to be failing by early Saturday morning in Turkey, the country had suddenly become another tumultuous one in a region that knows no end of turmoil. Mr. Erdogan would almost certainly have to begin a purge of the plotters and probably hunt for other challengers to his authority  —   extending a streak of ruthlessness that has left many of his NATO allies gasping. Friday’s events could leave in limbo some of the top priorities of the United States and Europe. They rely on Turkey to help battle the Islamic State, to contain the flow of migrants out of Syria, and to host American intelligence agencies and NATO forces seeking to grapple with upheaval in the Middle East. The coup attempt “presents a dilemma to the United States and European governments: Do you support a nondemocratic coup,” or an “increasingly nondemocratic leader?” said Richard N. Haass, the president of the Council on Foreign Relations, where Mr. Erdogan has often come to talk with Americans influential in the relationship between the two countries. To many in Washington, that dilemma is secondary to the question of whether Turkey will be a reliable partner in the battle against the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, a willing host to American forces and a stable player in the world’s most volatile corner. American officials say the next 24 to 48 hours will be crucial in determining whether the coup attempt will have lasting repercussions. Unlike past bloodless coups in Turkey, this one does not have the implicitly understood support of the public, which appears to be divided over the military intervention. “The danger here is this could spiral out of control and turn into a   civil war,” Eric S. Edelman, a former American ambassador to Turkey and former leading Pentagon official under President George W. Bush, said in a telephone interview on Friday. A military that appeared, on the surface, to be largely under the thumb of Mr. Erdogan is clearly riven with divisions so severe that the chief of staff appears to have been be detained while   officers put tanks on the streets of Istanbul and the air force over Ankara, the capital. Mr. Erdogan has plenty of enemies, eager to see him weakened or removed from power. Among them are Egypt’s president, Abdel Fattah   who took power in a coup three years ago. The Russians, led by President Vladimir V. Putin, have tense relations with Mr. Erdogan, who has helped try to depose President Bashar   of Syria. And Mr. Assad himself would likely be both pleased and amazed if he held onto power longer than Mr. Erdogan. Europeans would have plenty to worry about: Just a few months ago they struck a deal with Mr. Erdogan, paying Turkey more than $6 billion to hold onto Syrian migrants rather than let them flow into Western Europe, where many others had settled. It was the migrant crisis more than anything else, the Europeans believe, that led to Britain’s decision to exit the European Union. A failure to stem the flow, they feared, could lead to the breakup of Europe  —   a fear that American officials, led by Secretary of State John Kerry, shared. Of the many intelligence failures that surrounded the Arab Spring uprisings five years ago, the coup in Turkey may soon be added to the list. A senior administration official who deals with Middle Eastern issues said that American diplomats and intelligence agencies were, before Friday, near unanimous in their view that a coup attempt was highly unlikely there. Mr. Erdogan, in their view, was secure, the official said, bemoaning the state of American intelligence gathering in Turkey. In fact, diplomatic cables and intelligence reports written as recently as this month concluded that Mr. Erdogan had won enough support in the upper ranks of the military to head off any possible plots before they materialized, said the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence reporting. Officials will spend a lot of time determining what they missed. But as Cengiz Candar, a Turkey expert with   an online news outlet, noted on Friday evening, Mr. Erdogan “made a Faustian bargain with the military, and now the military is back. ” “It was an alliance,” Mr. Candar said, “but the military is not his friend  —   not emotionally, not institutionally, not ideologically. ” Washington had its own problems with Mr. Erdogan and the crosscurrents of Turkish politics. Mr. Erdogan came to power a seeming reformist, and for a while the country seemed to be a flowering democracy. It was not too many years ago that Turkey was cited by many in the United States as a model for the Islamic world, a country that, like Indonesia, could find the right mix of moderate Islamism and democracy. But for the past three years Mr. Erdogan’s crackdowns have become an increasing embarrassment to his NATO allies. His efforts to veer toward Islamism and crack down on the news media and opposition groups have left American officials caught between their instincts to support democracy and their reliance on an increasingly authoritarian leader. The State Department human rights report, updated last month, complained about new laws allowing the government “to restrict freedom of expression, the press and the internet,” and the arrests of more than 30 journalists. It reported on arbitrary arrests and the denial of fair trials. It complained that Mr. Erdogan’s campaign against the Kurds, and the government’s fear of the Kurdish separatist movement, meant that one NATO ally was bombing rebel groups in Syria while the United States and others were funding  —   and depending  —   on those same groups. Any prolonged instability in Turkey could impede Mr. Kerry’s latest effort to bring a   to Syria, and perhaps threaten the American ability to operate from the major air base at Incirlik, where many of the operations against the Islamic State are launched.",0
12800,What It Means When 5 Million Syrians Leave Their Country - The New York Times,"The scale of Syria’s refugee crisis is dizzying. As the war there stretches into a seventh year, more than five million citizens, nearly a quarter of Syria’s prewar population, have fled their country, seeking shelter mainly in Turkey, Lebanon and Jordan, the United Nations refugee agency said Thursday. Five million people is roughly equal to the population of Norway. If nearly a quarter of the United States’ population left the country, it would be as if the combined populations of California, New York and Florida had disappeared. In addition, 6. 3 million Syrians have been internally displaced by the war. Altogether, about half of all Syrians have been forced from their homes because of violence. With no end to the war in sight, Filippo Grandi, the United Nations high commissioner for refugees, predicted that 480, 000 more Syrians would become refugees in need of resettlement this year. That is as if the entire population of Sacramento abandoned the city  —   and the country  —   over the course of the next nine months. Since the conflict began in 2011, an estimated 400, 000 people have been killed. The five million Syrians who escaped war, starvation and deprivation now live mostly in one of five countries, often in squalid camps teeming with people. The majority of those refugees, nearly three million, have sought shelter in Turkey. Turkey, a country of 75 million, has absorbed a contingent of refugees equal to 4 percent of its population. The country’s location on the doorstep of Europe has increased its leverage in negotiations with the West about the fate of refugee resettlement, but the sheer number of people has taxed the country’s resources. Since February alone, 47, 000 Syrians have sought refuge in Turkey. Two million other refugees are scattered through Egypt, Iraq, Jordan and Lebanon. Last year, the United Nations sought pledges to resettle 500, 000 Syrians around the world. Since then, only half that many have been given homes. “We still have a long road to travel in expanding resettlement and the number and range of complementary pathways available for refugees,” Mr. Grandi said. “To meet this challenge, we not only need additional places, but also need to accelerate the implementation of existing pledges. ” The United States previously pledged to make 64, 000 places available for Syrians. But President Trump has sought to decrease the number of refugees entering the United States. In January, he signed an executive order barring all Syrian refugees from entering the country, but he was forced to replace it when federal courts blocked it. His second order is also tied up, working its way through the courts.",0
12801,Clinton Emails Linked To Political Pedophile Sex Ring – FBI Insider | EndingFed News Network,"Email Print An FBI source has confirmed that evidence has emerged from the Clinton email investigation that a massive child trafficking and pedophile sex ring operates in Washington. According to reports , at least 6 members of Congress and several leaders from federal agencies are implicated in the pedophile ring, which they say was run directly with the Clinton Foundation as a front. According to an NYPD source, emails found on Anthony Weiner’s laptop detail trips made by Weiner, Bill and Hillary Clinton on convicted pedophile pal billionaire Jeffrey Epstein’s plane ‘Lolitta express‘ to a place known as “ Sex Slave Island “. Will this be the fatal shot? NYPD talking about Child Porn ring involvement. This is NOT confirmed, but would gut Dems. #GoHillary #CNNSOTU pic.twitter.com/ke8YTz4DMh 
— ALWAYS TRUMP! (@Always_Trump) October 31, 2016 An archived thread on 4chan in which an FBI insider originally hinted that the Clinton email server investigation was merely a distraction from the more sinister Clinton Foundation and its connection to pedophilia: Are the people leading the investigation blackmailed pedophiles? > The people under the magnifying glass do have an affinity for children. Please before you sleep speak a little on the child prostitution ring. Sex rings are popular in all governments, but pedophilia is primarily in British parliament & Saudi Arabia, and that’s why HRC and BC love foreign donors so much. They get paid in children as well as money. Dig deep and you can find it. It will sicken you. Stay connected by subscribing to our news letter. Click on the button. ",0
12802,Report: Iranians Chant ’Death to Trump’ - Breitbart,"Friday in Tehran, CNN reported on Iranians marching on Revolution Day to mark the anniversary of the 1979 Islamic revolution.  According to the report, the demonstration took on an   theme with protesters chanting, “Death to Trump. Death to America. ” (  Grabien) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
12803,Fellated by a dead pig? You may have been a victim of Tory bullying,"November 8, 2016 
Helplines have been jammed with MPs and party activists suddenly remembering that 90% of their experience at elite private schools may constitute bullying – rather than good nature ‘joshing’ with a cricket bat and a ‘tube of lube’. Even the Prime Minister is said to have been abused during University initiations, Coalition negotiations and once at a dinner party by Rebekah Brooks ‘high on horse tranquilisers’. 
One MP, who did not want to be identified but who is the Right Honourable Member for Tatton, said: ‘Looking back at 44yrs of being a Tory, I’ve realised that it’s been non-stop bullying and preppy haircuts. I was emotionally abused by the hired help. Verbally abused by the electorate. And Vince Cable once put me in a headlock’. 
Ironically many severed animal parts may also have been on the receiving end of Tory hectoring or unwelcome coitus. Injury lawyers are anticipating a plethora of claims to be made by family members of animals forced into participating in Bullingdon Club rituals or photo opportunities. One spurious claim is that Boris Johnson, in 1989, may have swallowed half a dozen goldfish without ‘prior consent’, mistaking them for ‘salty table mints’. 
A Downing Street spokesman said: ‘Grant Shapps has been forced to resign, which is ironically an example of when bullying works to everyone’s benefit. However if you think you may have been mis-sold a PPI experience (or Porcum Penetratio Interrumpere as it is known) then please phone a lawyer or Lord Ashcroft – as he likes that sort of thing.’   8th, 2016 by Wrenfoe   Wrenfoe   From The Archives 0",0
12804,"‘If you build walls, forget about Italian money,’ Rome warns EU over migrant policy","‘If you build walls, forget about Italian money,’ Rome warns EU over migrant policy  09 Get short URL Hungarian army soldiers erect a fence on the border with Croatia near Sarok, Hungary, September 20, 2015. © Bernadett Szabo / Reuters If certain members of the European Union introduce borders to prevent the movement of asylum seekers, Italy is within its rights to withhold its funding to the EU budget, Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has said. 
""We give €20 billion to Europe and the EU gives us back 12, but if Hungary or Slovakia preach to us about migrants and don't give us a hand and then want our money,” then Italy can use its right of veto when discussing the budget in 2017, Renzi said , speaking to Italian RAI 1 TV on Tuesday. 
He criticized the plan of some EU countries to shut the borders to prevent the inflow of migrants who mostly arrive in Italy first via the Mediterranean. 
“If you [EU countries] build a wall, forget about Italian money,” he said, adding that if asylum seekers “don't go there [into other EU countries], the money won't go there either.” Read more 98% of Hungarians reject EU refugee quotas, but low turnout rules referendum invalid 
Renzi commented on the recent incident in the small commune of Gorino in northern Italy, where local residents barricaded entrances to the town in protest at the arrival of migrant women and children. 
“The story of… Gorino is a difficult matter to judge. On the one hand, a part of the population is very tired and concerned by reports of new [asylum seeker] arrivals. On the other hand, we are talking about 11 women and eight children [later it was reported that there were 12 women],” he said. 
The incident in Gorino on Monday night saw protesters use planks of wood and iron bins to create road blocks at three entrances to the commune, while shouting anti-migrant slogans. The women were then relocated to neighboring towns and communes. 
Earlier on Tuesday, the Italian Interior Ministry said that more than 153,000 asylum seekers had arrived in Italy since the start of 2016. 
Over a million people, fleeing from wars in Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, and elsewhere, flooded Europe in 2015, causing the largest migrant crisis faced by the continent in decades. 
Thousands of refugees arrive in Italy every month as they brave the dangerous boat trip across the Mediterranean from Libya, which has already led to hundreds drowning. 
In September, Hungary sealed off its southern border with a wire fence to stop the flow of refugees. The measures were taken after the authorities estimated that as many as 1,500 illegal migrants had passed the Hungarian border every day, with most of them having taken the so-called Balkan route and moving on to Germany.",0
12805,La OTAN está vigilando dos buques de la Armada rusa en el Báltico,"Cerrar Normas comunitarias 
El registro y la autorización del usuario en las páginas web de Sputnik a través de una o varias cuentas implica la aceptación de las siguientes reglas y condiciones de uso. 
El usuario se compromete a respetar la legislación nacional e internacional, a dirigirse de forma respetuosa a los demás participantes en los foros, a los otros lectores, así como a las personas mencionadas en las noticias y reportajes. 
La administración se reserva el derecho a eliminar los comentarios realizados en otro idioma distinto al usado en el contenido principal del material presentado. 
Los comentarios publicados por los usuarios en todas las versiones de la web sputniknews.com pueden ser editados. 
El comentario del usuario será eliminado si: no se corresponde con la materia comentada; incita al odio, la discriminación racial, étnica, religiosa, social, sexual o menoscaba los derechos de las minorías; viola los derechos de los menores, pudiéndoles provocar daños de cualquier índole, en especial morales; contiene ideas de carácter extremista y terrorista o que inciten a cometer acciones ilegales; contiene insultos, amenazas contra otros usuarios, individuos u organizaciones, denigra la dignidad o perjudica su reputación comercial; contiene insultos o mensajes que expresan una falta de respeto al personal que trabaja en Sputnik; viola la privacidad, divulga datos personales de terceros sin su consentimiento, revela secretos sobre la correspondencia particular; contiene descripciones o hace referencia a escenas de violencia y crueldad hacia los animales; contiene informaciones sobre métodos de suicidio o incita a cometerlo; persigue objetivos comerciales, contiene publicidad engañosa, propaganda política ilegal o enlaces hacia otros recursos ‘online’ que contengan tales informaciones; promueve productos o servicios de terceros sin la debida autorización; contiene lenguaje ofensivo y obscenidades; contiene correo no deseado (""spam""), promueve el envío de estos mensajes o servicios de correo masivo y recursos para ganar dinero en Internet; promueve el consumo de narcóticos o sustancias psicotrópicas, contiene informaciones sobre su producción y utilización; contiene enlaces a virus u otro software dañino; forma parte de acciones de movilización, en las que se envían grandes volúmenes de comentarios con contenido idéntico o similar (""flash mob""); el autor envía un gran número de mensajes incoherentes, cuyo significado sea difícil o, incluso, imposible de entender (""flood""); el autor viola las reglas de comportamiento en internet, mostrando un comportamiento agresivo, humillante o abusivo (""trolling""); el autor del mensaje no acata las reglas básicas del lenguaje y su texto contiene en su mayoría letras mayúsculas o no tiene los espacios correspondientes entre palabras, por ejemplo. 
La administración tiene derecho a bloquear el acceso del usuario a la página o a eliminar su cuenta sin previo aviso en caso de una violación de las normas de publicación de comentarios o si en sus acciones existen indicios de violencia. 
El usuario puede iniciar la recuperación del acceso a su cuenta enviando un mail a la siguiente dirección: 
El mensaje debe contener: Asunto: Restauración de la cuenta/desbloqueo del acceso Nombre de acceso del usuario Las explicaciones sobre el motivo de las acciones que acabaron en una violación de las reglas y en el consiguiente bloqueo. 
La restauración de la cuenta o el desbloqueo del acceso se efectuarán sólo si los moderadores lo consideran adecuado. 
En caso de violación reiterada de las condiciones de uso y un nuevo bloqueo, el acceso del usuario no podrá ser restaurado y, en consecuencia, el bloqueo será definitivo. 
Para comunicarse con el equipo de moderadores, por favor, escriba al siguiente correo electrónico: Iniciar sesión ",0
12806,Watch: Kenny G Performs for Delta Passengers on Flight to Los Angeles - Breitbart,"A group on a Delta flight going from Tampa to Los Angeles was treated to a Kenny G performance Saturday morning.  Per ABC Action News, the person sitting next to the   saxophonist was an   flight attendant whose daughter had died of brain cancer. She asked Kenny G to play. The head flight attendant then told passengers that Kenny G would play for them if they donated $1, 000 to cancer charity Relay for Life. Passengers rose to the challenge and then some, raising about $2, 000. Kenny G lived up to his promise, performing while walking up and down the aisle. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo",0
12807,"Kevin Meaney, Veteran Stand-Up Comedian, Dies at 60 - The New York Times","Kevin Meaney, a headliner on the   comedy circuit for more than 30 years, was found dead on Friday at his home in Forestburgh, N. Y. He was 60. Mr. Meaney’s former wife, Mary Ann Halford, confirmed his death. She said the cause was not yet known. Mr. Meaney made numerous appearances on   television talk shows, including more than a dozen on “The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson” beginning in 1987, a year after his first HBO special, according to his website. He played the title role, an irresponsible slob saddled with raising his brother’s three children, on “Uncle Buck,” a CBS sitcom based on the John Candy movie of the same name. The show lasted only one season (a 2016 version, starring Mike Epps, had an even shorter run) but Mr. Meaney was seen frequently on television after it was canceled in 1991. In addition to the talk shows of David Letterman, Conan O’Brien and Carson, he was seen on “Saturday Night Live,” “30 Rock,” “2 Broke Girls” and other shows. An energetic live performer with the sensibilities of an   entertainer, Mr. Meaney skewered family life, in particular his mother’s seemingly boundless concern that his actions would cause them to “lose the house. ” “Anything in my house could poke an eye out when I was a kid,” he said in one routine, adding: “I’d be passing pizza across the table. ‘You’re going to take your brother’s eye out with that slice.’ ” He sometimes incorporated music into his act. One signature bit was a   spoof of the hit   single “We Are the World,” in which he impersonated Bob Dylan, Michael Jackson, Willie Nelson, Stevie Wonder and other singers who had performed on the recording. He later employed his singing skills when he was cast in the Broadway musical “Hairspray. ” He played several roles and understudied the part of Edna Turnblad, played by Divine in the John Waters movie that inspired the musical. (He went on to play Edna at the Connecticut Repertory Theater and elsewhere.) Ms. Halford said Mr. Meaney’s experience on the show, which he described on his website as “life changing,” prompted a period of   that led him to realize he was gay. He came out in 2008 while being interviewed on a satellite radio show. His sexual orientation later figured in some of his   routines. In one, Mr. Meaney, who was raised Roman Catholic, described a request from his mother that he go to confession. “I told the priest I was gay, and it was very difficult to tell him that,” Mr. Meaney said in a routine captured on video. “And now we’re dating. ” Mr. Meaney was born in White Plains, N. Y. on April 23, 1956, and grew up in nearby Valhalla, the middle child of five. His father, John, was a firefighter his mother, Patricia, a librarian. While in high school he worked as a waiter at the Knollwood Country Club in Elmsford, N. Y. where he met a   New York radio and television host, Bob Fitzsimmons, who was a club member. “Bob was Kevin’s inspiration,” Ms. Halford said. “He kept asking Bob how to get into show business. ” Mr. Meaney attended a state college before dropping out and moving to San Francisco to pursue a comedy career. At the time, the city was home to a lively comedy scene. He met comedians like Robin Williams and Dana Carvey there, and performed at one of the city’s most popular comedy clubs, the Holy City Zoo. Later, while living in Los Angeles, he met Ms. Halford. They married in 1997 and had a daughter, Kathleen Ann, two years later. She survives him, as do his mother three brothers, Jack, Tim and Thomas and a sister, Cathy Meaney Paulsen. Mr. Meaney and his family moved back to New York in 2002 to be closer to relatives, Ms. Halford said. In addition to performing on Broadway, he continued to perform   across the country at venues of all sizes. “Comedy clubs, private functions,   PTAs, firehouses  —   Kevin could do it all,” his agent, Tom Ingegno, said in an interview on Saturday. “He was just a   performer. The stage was really his home. ” Mr. Meaney was scheduled to perform in East Providence, R. I. on Saturday night. The news of his death drew a flood of reactions from his fellow comedians and entertainers. “I’m heartbroken at the loss of one of the best, kindest people I ever knew,” the writer and producer Lizz Winstead posted on Twitter. Also on Twitter, the comedian and actor Patton Oswalt wrote that he first knew Mr. Meaney as a “brilliant comedian,” and that “then we hung out in Ireland and I found out he was also a terrific person. ”",0
12808,Fmr FNC Host Alisyn Camerota: ’More to Come’ in Sexual Harassment Scandal - Breitbart,"Thursday on CNN’s “New Day,”   Alisyn Camerota, who was formerly a   on the Fox News Channel’s weekend morning show “Fox  Friends Weekend,” weighed in on the sexual harassment scandal consuming her former employer in the wake of Bill O’Reilly’s departure from the network.  Camerota told her show’s panelists she anticipates there is “more to come” regarding sexual harassment at Fox News and explained there was little that could be done about former network executive Roger Ailes abuses at the time. “Look, I was there for a long time as you all know,” she said. “And I know a lot about the culture and my friends there. There is a feeling that, Brian, there is more to come. This isn’t the end. Just Bill O’Reilly leaving. There is more to come. And in fact, we know there is still an investigation  —   a justice department criminal investigation. Where do we think that might lead?” “I do not know that I would call it a toxic culture, but I would say that it was pervasive,” Camerota added. “There was a feeling when I was there that Roger was the boss. It was Roger Ailes fiefdom. He was the king. There was no higher authority you could go to, and there was harassment. And I tried in my own way to raise the flag and talk to people about it. I went to my superiors to talk to them about it. And there was certainly a feeling of, ‘This is Roger. What are you going to do? Who are you going to go to? ’” She also dismissed the claim of an existence of a “hotline” for women to call regarding this issue as well. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
12809,"""В ""гиперзвуке"" Россия на передовых позициях, у США такого пока нет""","Фото: mil.ru 
О разработке гиперзвукового оружия в России подробнее рассказал Pravda.Ru главный редактор журнала ""Экспорт вооружений"" Андрей Фролов. 
— Испытание прошло успешно — но в первый раз. Насколько мы конкурентоспособны в разработке гиперзвуковых аппаратов с США? 
— Мы занимаем передовые позиции. И это не самое первое испытание, по крайней мере, о нечто подобном сообщалось ранее. Думаю, что уже в ближайшем будущем эти системы будут стоять на вооружении. Пока, скажем, у американцев такого нет. Китайцы также занимаются разработкой. 
— Не могли бы приоткрыть подробности? 
— Эта тема секретная. Сложно какие-то подробности приоткрывать. Уже хорошо, что сам факт озвучен, что такое есть. Судя по всему, испытания прошли успешно, но, видимо, еще необходимо провести их цикл. И самое главное, разработать ракеты для него. Видимо, это будет новая система ""Сармат"". 
Напомним, ""изделие 4202"" предназначается для установки на перспективные межконтинентальные баллистические ракеты, вместо традиционных боеголовок. Все бортовое оборудование, электронные комплексы, а также система управления аппарата полностью состоят из российских комплектующих. 
Как ранее сообщала Pravda.Ru, гиперзвуковое оружие к 2020 году должно поступить на вооружение российской армии. Технологии разработки гиперзвуковых носителей как ядерного, так и обычного оружия есть не только у России, но и у США и Китая. Еще 9 января 2015 года Китай испытал гиперзвуковой планер WU-14, запускаемый в космос при помощи межконтинентальной баллистической ракеты. 
Российские же ученые работают над ракетами разных типов с гиперзвуковыми прямоточными воздушно-реактивными двигателями (ГПВРД), которые можно будет запускать с земли, с кораблей или с боевых самолетов. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda.Ru на сегодня Французский эксперт: ""Российское оружие поражает во всех смыслах"" Поделиться:",0
12810,Julian Assange PREDICTS Trump Will Lose – Still Missing Day 12,"10/27/2016 TRUTH REVOLT http://youtu.be/PsVNKmb6jEc There’s a lot of accusations going around that the 2016 election is r ... Netflix Ceo: TV’s Future includes Hallucination Pills 10/27/2016 INDEPENDENT The future of TV might everyone taking hallucinogenic drugs, according to the head of Netflix. The thr ...",0
12811,World War 3 or Dollar Collapse Will Come First,"November 1, 2016 at 12:11 am 
URGENT FACT!— World War 3 is on our doorstep and when it hits you will be exposed to WORLDWIDE TOXIC cell mutating radiation from the air, water and from the contaminated food you will eat! PROTECT YOUR HEALTH AND LIFE! You Need To learn about zeolite for radiation detox. See http://www.removeradiation.com ﻿",0
12812,Why Trump’s Obamacare Promise Will Be So Hard to Keep - The New York Times,"As a candidate back in July 2015, Donald J. Trump promised that he would repeal Obamacare and replace it with “something terrific. ” The Senate voted, 51 to 48, on Thursday morning for a measure setting Congress on the path toward repealing President Obama’s health care law, and Mr. Trump is now a few days from taking office. The public, however, knows little more about his proposal than it did in 2015. In comments to The New York Times on Tuesday and in his news conference on Wednesday, Mr. Trump described when a Republican health reform bill would be released  —   “very quickly. ” But he has yet to give details about the policies it would contain. “We’re going to have a health care that is far less expensive and far better,” he said Wednesday. Mr. Trump accurately describes problems with the current health care system for Americans under 65: “You have deductibles that are so high, that after people go broke paying their premiums which are going through the roof, the health care can’t even be used by them because their deductibles bills are so high. ” Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, and House Speaker Paul Ryan have also spoken forcefully in recent days about how health care is too expensive. Premiums for health insurance plans in the United States are high. And increasing deductibles can make needed coverage a financial stretch even for the insured. Recent polling from the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation suggests that the public agrees with Mr. Trump’s assessment: High    spending on health care is Americans’ No. 1 health care concern. (Mr. Trump has promised that he will not make major changes to Medicare, the program for Americans 65 and older.) But solving those problems is not as easy as identifying them. The real reason health care premiums and deductibles are so high is that medical care is very expensive in the United States  —   far more costly than it is anywhere else in the world. The United States pays very high prices to doctors and hospitals and drug and device makers, and Americans use a lot of that expensive medical care. That means that the country spent far more on health care than its peers even when tens of millions of Americans lacked health coverage. Obamacare has been successful in getting health insurance to people who lacked it before. About 20 million more Americans had insurance last year than before the law passed, according to an Obama administration estimate. But the health law, largely focused on health insurance regulation, did not drive down the cost of medical treatments. Health care, and health insurance, continues to be expensive. That means that a Republican health reform plan that is both cheaper and better than Obamacare will be hard to deliver. Republicans in Congress and   think tanks have put together a number of possible Obamacare replacement plans. They are all slightly different, and it is unclear which one Mr. Trump and congressional leaders will choose. But none of them solve both sides of the “less expensive and far better” equation. Most of the G. O. P. plans manage to be less expensive for the federal government  —   by offering stingier federal payments in helping people buy insurance and allowing the coverage people buy to be skimpier. But those proposals will tend to increase, not decrease, the amount many Americans spend on their health care.   people will end up paying a larger share of their income to buy coverage than they do under Obamacare. Deductibles and other forms of    spending, capped under Obamacare, will tend to rise in many plans. Millions to tens of millions fewer Americans will have coverage under such plans, according to independent estimates. Republicans also want to pare back the minimum package of benefits that plans must cover, which will drive up costs substantially for some patients, while reducing them for others. If the bill eliminates requirements to pay for maternity care or prescription drugs, for example, that could lower the sticker price of a health plan, but will make health care much more expensive for anyone who has a baby or takes medication. There will be people who will be better off under a Republican plan.   healthy people who buy their own insurance have been the most disadvantaged group under Obamacare, and their fortunes would improve. The Republican plans, with their skimpier benefits, and more generous tax assistance for the wealthy, would offer them a better deal. The G. O. P. plans tend to be worse for people who need insurance and are poor or have major health problems. (Some sick people may be far worse off. Mr. Trump has promised that people with   health conditions will be covered under his plan, but not all the Republican plans offer them the kind of coverage that they can get under Obamacare.) The Affordable Care Act is a case study in these  . Most of the things its creators did to try to make health insurance “far better,” like requiring minimum benefits or banning lifetime coverage limits, also made it more expensive. The things they did to make insurance “less expensive,” like encouraging higher deductibles or requiring all Americans to buy health insurance or pay a fine, are top   talking points. The consensus Democratic approach to making Obamacare “far better” has been to make it more expensive for the federal government, but less expensive for individuals. Proposals circulated by President Obama and Hillary Clinton would involve more federal spending on subsidies to help make insurance more affordable for more people, but at the expense of higher taxes. So far, the Republican plans have tended to engage in the same   but tilt in the opposite direction, emphasizing government savings over program generosity. The recent statements from Mr. Trump suggest that the coming replacement plan  —   promised in the next few weeks  —   will be able to achieve both goals simultaneously. Mr. Trump has provided almost no detail about what will be in it.",0
12813,Donald Trump Calls for Profiling to Stop Terrorists - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump on Sunday renewed his call for the United States to consider profiling as a preventive tactic against terrorism in the aftermath of the mass shooting last week in Orlando, Fla. “I hate the concept of profiling, but we have to start using common sense,” Mr. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, said in an interview on CBS’s “Face the Nation. ” Mr. Trump issued a similar call in December after the terrorist attack in San Bernardino, Calif. which left 14 people dead and more than 20 injured. On Sunday, he also sought to downplay any differences between his positions on gun control and those of the National Rifle Association. Last week, Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter that people on the government’s terrorist watch list should be barred from buying firearms, a stance that contradicts that of the N. R. A. But Mr. Trump seems to be backtracking, saying on ABC’s “This Week” that he “understands exactly” the N. R. A. ’s objections to restricting access to people on the watch list. “A lot of people are on the list that really maybe shouldn’t be on the list, and their rights are being taken away,” he said. The N. R. A. used the Sunday morning political shows to criticize, and even to mock, Democratic efforts to pass new gun control laws after the Orlando shooting. Wayne LaPierre, the group’s executive vice president, said on “Face the Nation” that legislation was effectively useless at preventing terrorist attacks. “These bad guys we’re facing, they don’t say: ‘Oh gosh, they passed a law. Oh gosh, I don’t think I could do it,’” Mr. LaPierre said. Democrats made their own push for expanded gun control  —   which the Senate is to take up Monday  —   and more broadly, for a   effort to take on opponents of stricter gun control. Senator Chris Murphy, Democrat of Connecticut, who led a   marathon of speeches on the Senate floor that ended early Thursday, said on ABC that “the only way that you win this issue is by building a political infrastructure around the country that rivals that of the gun lobby. ” Mr. Trump’s presumptive Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, expressed her support for the effort, writing “Stand strong @ChrisMurphyCT” on Twitter. Profiling has been an occasional theme of the Trump campaign. In addition to his most recent comments, Mr. Trump has discussed increased surveillance of Muslims and mosques, and has said that he would consider registering Muslims in a special database or requiring that they carry cards that identify them as Muslim.",0
12814,How the Obama Administration Was Caught Politicizing Intelligence,"TEL AVIV  —   Amid the   claims about Donald Trump and Russia emanating in recent months from intelligence agencies led by Obama administration appointees, it is instructive to recall the   results of a damning investigation by House Republicans that found Obama’s Defense Department routinely politicized intelligence to fit certain worldviews. [Specifically, the U. S. House of Representatives’ Joint Task Force on U. S. Central Command (CENTCOM) Intelligence Analysis concluded that the intelligence arm of CENTCOM routinely produced intelligence that “distorted, suppressed, or substantially altered” the results of the campaign against the Islamic State.  Much of the   August 10, 2016 House report remains unreported by the news media. The investigation provides insight into the manner in which Obama administration officials were caught reforming one U. S. intelligence agency to produce results that conformed to a political agenda instead of accurately reflecting intelligence information on the ground. The document deserves a revisit amid unsubstantiated claims about Trump and Russia in recent months that have dominated the discourse after they were amplified by Obama administration intelligence agencies. While most of the media minimized the findings of the House report on CENTCOM, this reporter previously reviewed the document in full and presented the ten most troubling finds. Here they are again, in no particular order: 1  —   Top CENTCOM leaders modified intelligence assessments to present an “unduly positive” assessment of combating the Islamic State and training the Iraqi Security Forces (ISF). The complaint alleges that senior leaders within the CENTCOM Intelligence Directorate and JIC, including the Director of Intelligence and other senior intelligence staff, violated regulations, tradecraft standards, and professional ethics by modifying intelligence assessments to present an unduly positive outlook on CENTCOM efforts to train the ISF and combat ISIL. Media outlets have also raised allegations of possible reprisals against individuals within the CENTCOM Intelligence Directorate.   …     According to multiple interviewees, operational reporting was used as a justification to alter or “soften” an analytic product so it would cast U. S. efforts in a more positive light. No interview provided any instances where operational reporting was used as a justification to come to a more pessimistic conclusion. Additionally, numerous interviewees indicated that analytical products which conflicted with operational reporting were routinely subject to more stringent scrutiny than those that did not. 2  —   CENTCOM established an intelligence “fusion center” for   intel, but kept out analysts whose views conflicted with senior intelligence leaders. In June 2014, with the ISIL threat apparent, CENTCOM established an intelligence “fusion center,” a specially equipped JIC facility staffed    to serve as a “focal point” for   intelligence. Interviewees recalled only informal communications noting the center’s establishment, and some were also uncertain about the center’s organizational structure, responsibilities, and how it was determined which JIC analysts would participate. The establishment of the Intelligence Fusion Center also removed some analysts who had the most experience with respect to ISIL and Iraq, including those whose analytic views often conflicted with those of CENTCOM’s senior intelligence leaders, from the production of daily intelligence products. This impact was especially significant given the critical analytic tasks of the Intelligence Fusion Center at this time of paramount importance in the theater. 3  —   Restrictions were implemented for analysts whose views dissented from the mainstream inside CENTCOM. Public statements by CENTCOM representatives emphasized close collaboration with other elements of the IC, but many interviewees indicated that in late 2014, senior CENTCOM Intelligence Directorate leaders instructed analysts to cease all external coordination with other IC analysts. The authority to coordinate was restricted to senior officials only, including to leaders of the Fusion Center. Other special arrangements were also put into place to notify the Director of Intelligence in the event that analysts sought to formally “dissent” from analysis produced elsewhere. The restrictions on collaboration have since been partially rescinded. 4  —   Analysis was minimized in favor of details from coalition forces while intelligence was skewed to be “optimistic. ” Furthermore, senior leaders also relied on details reported from coalition forces rather than more objective and better documented intelligence reporting. The Joint Task Force can find no justifiable reason why operational reporting was repeatedly used as a rationale to change the analytic product, particularly when the changes only appeared to be made in a more optimistic direction. By supplanting analytic tradecraft with unpublished and ad hoc operational reporting, Joint Intelligence Center (JIC) leadership circumvented important processes that are intended to protect the integrity of intelligence analysis. 5  —   Shocking survey results showed analysts believed data was “distorted, suppressed, or substantially altered” by their supervisors. The annual Analytic Objectivity and Process Survey, directed by the ODNI, was conducted from August through October 2015, and included responses from 125 analysts and managers within CENTCOM. The survey results were significantly worse than those of other IC agencies or COCOMs, and showed that a substantial number of CENTCOM respondents felt their supervisors distorted, suppressed, or substantially altered analytic products. Over 50% of analysts responded that CENTCOM procedures, practices, processes, and organizational structures hampered objective analysis, and 40% responded that they had experienced an attempt to distort or suppress intelligence in the past year. Yet despite receiving these results in December 2015, CENTCOM and IC leaders did not take corrective actions to address many of the issues identified in the survey results. 6  —   Intelligence analysts declined to be interviewed, possibly out of fear of reprisals from CENTCOM leadership, while the interviews that did take place were under the watchful eyes of DOD officials. Additionally, the Joint Task Force requested interviews with four more analysts whose positions provided them with visibility into the allegations. These analysts declined to be interviewed. Although they did not express their reasons for declining, the Joint Task Force is concerned that some of the analysts may have done so out of fear of potential reprisals for their testimony. For example, as the Joint Task Force’s interviews were commencing, the Director of the DIA publicly characterized reports of the whistleblower’s allegations as exaggerations. It must also be noted that, pursuant to longstanding arrangements between DOD and the Armed Services Committee, DOD insisted on having department officials present during Joint Task Force interviews. 7  —   CENTCOM intel agents operated in a “toxic” leadership environment. The Republican lawmakers fingered CENTCOM leaders, and noted the intelligence process was cleaner under previous officials and Lloyd Austin III, who served as commander from  . Dozens of analysts viewed the “subsequent leadership environment as toxic”: Survey results provided to the Joint Task Force demonstrated that dozens of analysts viewed the subsequent leadership environment as toxic, with 40% of analysts responding that they had experienced an attempt to distort or suppress intelligence in the past year. 8  —   General Austin’s claim to Congress that IS was in a “defensive crouch” did not reflect the data possessed at the time by CENTCOM senior leaders. Although no interviewee remembered the process of preparing the specific press releases and congressional testimony highlighted here, interviewees described a process in which congressional testimony and public affairs statements did not necessarily reflect contemporaneous intelligence assessments. In particular, the Joint Task Force was dismayed to learn that Intelligence Directorate senior leaders seemed unfamiliar with General Austin’s statements to Congress that ISIL was in a “defensive crouch” and indicated this characterization did not reflect their best assessments at the time. 9  —   Even after whistleblower complaints and the “alarming” internal survey last year, the Pentagon took no steps to correct its allegedly distorted intelligence process. The Joint Task Force is troubled that despite receiving the whistleblower complaint in May 2015 and receiving alarming survey results in December 2015, neither CENTCOM, the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, nor the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) took any demonstrable steps to improve the analytic climate within CENTCOM. The survey results alone should have prompted CENTCOM and IC leaders to take corrective action without other inducements. 10  —   Mirroring the Benghazi House Committee’s complaints against the State Department, the Joint Task Force here writes it “did not receive access to all the materials it requested” and details a process of denying information and records. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook. With research by Joshua Klein.",0
12815,North Carolina Hillary Supporter Brags on Facebook About Voting Multiple Times,"Email 

Hillary supporter Robert Dougherty from Jacksonville, North Carolina bragged on Facebook today about how he committed voter fraud. 
Robert boasted on how he voted for some of his Facebook friends using their identities, and tells them not to worry about voting, because he’s already done it for them. 
And he’s bragging about it on Facebook. 
Robert boasts about how they give you a sticker every time you vote. 
He says he will continue to vote all next week! 
“Isn’t North Carolina nice they give you a sticker every time you vote… No ID required.” 
“There isn’t a need for you to wait in line anymore. Took care of it for you. Gave you a straight Democratic ticket.” 
“Amazing how many addresses you get from Google. Going again until Saturday and all next week.” 
Robert either thinks voter fraud is a big joke or he’s one stupid Hillary-supporting criminal. 
What do you think, will Voter Fraud play a key role in the election?",0
12816,U.S. Army Veteran: ‘I Killed Four People In One Hour In Iraq’,"U.S. Army Veteran: ‘I Killed Four People In One Hour In Iraq’ Posted on Nov 3, 2016 
First filmed in 2008, Isaac Lebonte, known as ‘Bone’ to his fellow soldiers in Iraq, talks eight years later about killing people in his first firefight, the deaths of close friends and his difficulty adjusting to life outside of war. 
The interviews were filmed by the award-winning photographer Sean Smith.",0
12817,"Forscher entdecken abgelegenen Regenwaldstamm, der noch immer iPhone 4s verwendet","Sonntag, 13. November 2016 Forscher entdecken abgelegenen Regenwaldstamm, der noch immer iPhone 4s verwendet São Paulo (Archiv) - Von der Außenwelt isoliert: Ein internationales Forscherteam hat in Brasilien einen Indio-Stamm entdeckt, dessen Mitglieder so rückständig sind, dass sie noch immer das iPhone 4s benutzen. Wo genau der Amazonas-Stamm siedelt, will die brasilianische Regierung nicht bekanntgeben, um die Indios vor den schädlichen Einflüssen der modernen Zivilisation zu schützen. Laut den Wissenschaftlern seien die Geräte der Ureinwohner zwar entfernte Verwandte unserer modernen Smartphones, die Anwendungen darauf ""laufen aber gefühlt bis zu einhundert Mal langsamer als in der Zivilisation"". Primitives Werkzeug der Ureinwohner Schon beim Überflug über die Siedlung waren die veralteten Telefone des Amazonas-Stamms, der aus mehreren hundert Mitgliedern besteht, klar zu erkennen. Viele der Indios benutzen außerdem ""auf uns befremdlich wirkenden Handy-Schmuck und eine Art Köcher für ihre Geräte"". ""Eine Kontaktaufnahme mit den Indianern war beinahe unmöglich, weil auf ihren Geräten zum Teil nicht einmal WhatsApp läuft"", erinnert sich Teamleiter Kenneth Wyne an die Begegnung am Riesenfluss. ""Sie zeigten uns Funktionen und Apps, die wir nur noch aus Erzählungen kannten. Auch das 'Pinch-to-Zoom' lief längst nicht so flüssig wie das unserer Telefone."" Laut eigener Aussage hatten die Ureinwohner noch nie Kontakt zu modernen Menschen, Gerüchte über einen Nachfolger des iPhone 4s kursieren allenfalls als Legende. Das erfolgsverwöhnte Forscherteam ist derzeit auf der Suche nach einem peruanischen, noch stärker von der Zivilisation abgeschotteten Indio-Stamm. Legenden zufolge benutzen die Stammesmitglieder dort neben Pfeil und Bogen noch immer die Nokia 3310 -Handys ihrer Vorväter. fed, ssi; Foto oben [M]: Valter Campanato/ABr. , CC BY 3.0 BR , Foto rechts: William Hook , CC BY-SA 2.0 ; Hinweis: Erstmals erschienen am 13.8.14, iPhone von 3GS auf 4s aktualisiert Artikel teilen:",0
12818,The Billionaire Art Dealer Guy Wildenstein Is Cleared of Tax Fraud - The New York Times,"PARIS  —   In a surprise verdict, a French tribunal of judges cleared Guy Wildenstein  —   the patriarch of an international   dynasty  —   of charges that he laundered money by shielding a precious collection in a maze of foreign trusts to avoid inheritance taxes. Olivier Géron, the lead judge who had presided over the trial last fall, announced the decision Thursday at the Palais de Justice. He spent an hour reading a ruling that he acknowledged could seem to “defy common sense” because Mr. Wildenstein and his family had demonstrated a “clear intention” to conceal their wealth over generations. But their behavior, the decision said, fell into a gray area before France enacted legislation in 2011 to require the declaration of foreign trusts. The authorities had sought a 250 million euro fine (about $267 million) for Mr. Wildenstein, 71, who is president of Wildenstein  Company, a New York art gallery. The case also ensnared his nephew and his estranged    along with Swiss and French legal advisers and foreign trust companies. They were cleared as well  —   a defeat for a relatively new prosecution unit that had been created to combat international tax evasion. Monica d’Onofrio, the prosecutor, had demanded severe punishment for Mr. Wildenstein, including prison time, calling the family’s financial operations “the longest and the most sophisticated tax fraud” in contemporary France. The French media had also labeled the Wildensteins the “impressionists of finance,” a reference to the family’s deep collection of art, which included works by Bonnard, Fragonard, Caravaggio, Poussin and Watteau. Mr. Wildenstein was not in court for the verdict. But his lawyer, Hervé Temime, said he had called the art dealer and he was “relieved” by the outcome. Mr. Wildenstein’s legal team had argued at trial that he was unaware of the complex terms of the trusts managed by legal advisers. Mr. Wildenstein was accused of underestimating inheritance taxes after his father, Daniel, died at the age of 84 in 2001, in France. Prosecutors contend that Mr. Wildenstein and his brother, Alec, schemed to hide art and assets under the complex trusts and moved millions of dollars in artworks to tax havens in Switzerland days after their father died. The Wildensteins have a presence in the art world dating back four generations, to 1875, and testimony at the trial showed how the family used its artwork to reap income from bank loans against the rising value of the paintings. The case grew out of legal battles waged by women in the family who have complained of having been excluded from the business and cheated out of inheritances. Sylvia Wildenstein, Daniel’s widow, sued her stepsons over his estate, contending that assets had been hidden from her in the trusts. Those tensions were still apparent on Thursday. Outside the courtroom, a lawyer for Mr. Wildenstein trailed Mrs. Wildenstein’s former lawyer, Claude   and loudly called the lawyer a “crook” while she spoke with reporters. Ms.   ignored him, insisting that the nation’s laws need to be changed to apply to trusts created before the new legislation was enacted to combat tax evasion. Mr. Wildenstein still faces other legal hurdles in civil court, including the claims by the state for about €500 million (about $534 million) in back taxes and other complaints rising from works seized by the police from the vaults of the Wildenstein Institute in Paris because the ownership was not clear. Those works remain in police possession.",0
12819,Will DOJ stand up against music crony capitalism?,"Print 
It would be hard to imagine a Saturday night at your favorite bar or restaurant without music playing in the background. It would be equally hard to imagine a long road trip without music blasting from the car radio. But a new ruling from a judge in New York has the ability to change all of this, limiting our access music by drastically increasing music costs. 
The Department of Justice (DOJ) spent over two years reviewing its antitrust consent decrees with ASCAP and BMI, the leading music collectives that control the rights to nearly 90% of all music compositions. 
This summer, the DOJ made the sound decision to keep the decrees as-is with no alterations. 
This was the right move. The decrees have been in place for more than 75 years, allowing ASCAP and BMI to maintain their monopolies while also protecting consumers from monopoly pricing. 
Despite breaking revenue records this year, ASCAP and BMI are thirsty for more profits and lobbied DOJ to relax the consent decrees, allowing them to price gouge music copyrights the way they did before the decrees’ enactment. 
ASCAP and BMI’s goal was to transition to “fractional licensing,” a process that would greatly increase their profits and make it nearly impossible for small businesses to license music. 
Under current law, known as “whole work licensing,” a bar or restaurant that wants to license music simply goes to one of the music collectives and purchases a single license for a basket of songs. This process has worked well for decades. However, under “fractional licensing”, small businesses would have to buy the individual rights to million songs, many of which have multiple owners. 
Fractional licensing would give an owner with a 1% stake in a song the same negotiating power as an owner that had the other 99%. Negotiating usage rights with each owner would be extremely complicated, surely driving up the cost of licensing music. In fact, negotiating with the millions of copyright owners would be a full time job in and of itself, so many wouldn’t business owners would be forced to raise prices or stop licensing music altogether. 
The DOJ spent years considering the long-term ramifications before it ruled on the consent decrees. The body held numerous meetings with stakeholders and offered multiple rounds of comment periods. Ultimately, they made the right decision to maintain the decrees in their current form because of the potential harm changes could make to the marketplace. 
Yet, just as a bratty child runs to Dad after Mom says no, BMI ran to the courts to appeal the decision. Unfortunately for consumers of music, a judge from the Southern District of New York ruled in BMI’s favor during a pre-hearing. Unlike the two years of research and consideration the DOJ gave the case, this judge spent less than an hour before making a decision. No testimony on the “merits” of such changes were heard before the judge released a six-page decision that would allow BMI to license music on a fractional basis. 
The judge’s decision was based on his belief that the consent decrees do not specifically prohibit fractional licensing. But it was unnecessary to mention fractional licensing because the consent decrees require ASCAP and BMI to provide a license for every work in their catalogs. If the sign says the speed limit is 70 miles per hour, it doesn’t mean that you can drive 80, just because the sign did not specifically say, “Do not drive 80 mph.” 
It is very likely that the DOJ will appeal this decision. If not, it will wreak havoc on the millions of businesses that pay music — and it will deny all of us the pleasure of listening to the songs we love. 
BMI and ASCAP are make billions of dollars a year — they shouldn’t be able to manipulate pricing and force business owners to select music based on licensing prices. The time is now for the DOJ to stand firm with its previous decision and do what’s right for music consumers everywhere.",0
12820,Media Attempts to Portray Deep State Opposition to Trump as ’Conspiracy Theory’ - Breitbart,"Business Insider sought to assure its readers Saturday that the American “Deep State,” seeking to undermine the Trump administration, is a “dark conspiracy” theory pushed by sites like Breitbart News. [The article included a thinly veiled attack on Breitbart News as one of the “popular yet dubious websites,” pushing the “conspiracy theory” of entrenched opposition to President Donald Trump’s   agenda.  Breitbart News has reported vigorously on demonstrated and suspected resistance and disloyalty from the intelligence community in the career services of the federal agencies and among those outside the government itself, especially the mainstream media. In response,   publications including the New York Times, Politico, The New Yorker, and the Washington Post have all published a slew of pieces dismissive of the idea into which Business Insider’s latest attempt neatly fits. In its effort to question the validity of the concept of an American Deep State, Business Insider enlisted former intelligence community officials and a scholar from a beltway think tank. The first order of business is to whittle down the definition of a deep state to very specific incarnation seen almost exclusively in the third world. A deep state, Aykan Erdemir of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, a beltway foreign policy think tank that came to prominence with the interventionist posture of the George W. Bush administration, assures us, is just the kind of   apparatus seen in Egypt and Turkey that allows those countries’ security services to unseat democratically elected leaders. The deep state is about “dramatic results like assassinations, mass killings, pogroms, bombings  —   it’s not about tension between the executive and the bureaucracy, it’s not about a failure to work together,” Erdemir told Business Insider. Breitbart News has never published material suggesting any civil servants, intelligence officials, or media professionals are engaged in a program of “assassinations, mass killings, pogroms, [or] bombings” in America. The narrowing of the term deep state to refer only to those activities belies Breitbart News’s usage. Breitbart News has consistently used the term to refer to the existence of much broader elements within and outside the federal government colluding to prevent President Trump from implementing his agenda. The term “deep state” has been used to refer to deliberate leaks designed to undermine the president, but also to the willing collusion of elements of the mainstream media, the latent distrust and suspected opposition of elements of the intelligence services, but also the willing resistance of certain career civil servants in the agencies charged with carrying President Trump’s directions to fruition. Whatever the definition, use of the term in the United States is causing those it targets some consternation. Business Insider cites remarks by   director Michael Hayden for the proposition, “Experts and former government officials have warned against using the term deep state to refer to rifts between the US president and the intelligence community. ” Glenn Carle, an   officer, goes so far as to warn the president and his supporters from antagonizing his fellow members of the intelligence community, pointing out that upsetting them could create “a gold mine of opportunity for foreign intelligence services” as these officials get back at Trump was his opposition to them by leaking information. “The deep state does not exist in fact but it exists in the minds of Trump supporters. That’s just as much a threat to society,” Carle explains to Business Insider. Much of the Business Insider article’s treatment of the American Deep State is focused on the most visible effect it has had in the opening months of the Trump administration, namely the slew of leaks damaging that administration that have issued forth from the bowels of the federal government. Business Insider acknowledges the Wall Street Journal report that the intelligence community has withheld classified information from President Trump, and the intelligence officials interviewed admit the leaks could have from inside the same community, although they cast doubt on the idea. Carle, however, has little trouble explaining why intelligence officials might engage in leaking or other acts of subversion. Of the president, he says, “He’s undermined the very values upon which this society was built. So, what do you do if you’re an intelligence official? If you serve the state, you betray it. ” Carle goes even further, appearing to justify the motives of intelligence officials taking a stand against Trump. “When leaks come from the intelligence community, it’s not to undermine the president or to protect the deep state. It’s to protect democracy  —   it stems from a sense of profound patriotism,” he said. This is by no means the first time such positive sentiments about the supposedly   American Deep State have been made by those who dismiss Breitbart’s coverage of the issue. In the aftermath of   National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s resignation in the aftermath of several leaks, apparently from the intelligence community, Bill Kristol openly gloated that he “preferred the deep state to the Trump state. ” In reference to the same leaks, Evan Osnos of The New Yorker gushed that the “principled public servants who got the story out are hidden heroes. ” As the Trump administration acts contrary to the wishes of entrenched globalist interests, it continually runs up against steadfast opposition from elements in and outside the government.   officials, beltway pundits and the media appear increasingly eager to deny the existence of coordination in a “deep state,” despite their willingness to celebrate its successes.",0
12821,"Oroville Dam Holds as 188,000 Evacuate Ahead of 7 Days of Rain","The Oroville Dam crisis temporarily subsided Sunday night, as 188, 000 residents downriver were evacuated, but the crisis will return with northern California expecting seven straight days of warm rain from another Pineapple Express beginning Wednesday evening. [The water level in Oroville Lake topped the 901 foot crest by up to 4 inches beginning Saturday, sending 500, 000 cubic feet per second (cfs) of water over the earthen dam’s   emergency spillway, which had never been activated since the dam, America’s tallest, went into operations in 1968.  Over the next 24 hours, erosion tore a gash in the center of the emergency spillway, threatening a collapse of the spillway. At 5:20 p. m. Pacific Time on Sunday, an emergency evacuation was ordered for 12, 000 residents in the City of Marysville and another 35, 000 in Butte County. The order spread to 65, 000 from Yuba County City and another 76, 000 from Yuba County as officials warned that portions of the unstable embankment might collapse. According to Paul Preston of Agenda 21 Radio, who has been reporting live on scene, the a level of panic was spreading on Saturday afternoon that a    section of the   emergency spillway was in danger of a general collapse, which would unleash a    wall of water and threaten the safety of up to one million residents downstream. Breitbart News reported on February 9 that with water flowing into Oroville Lake at the rate of 83, 000 cubic feet per second (cfs) officials opened the   primary spillway to release water at the rate of 35, 000 cfs. But the flow surged to 55, 000 cfs as a hole roughly 250 feet long, 170 feet wide and 50 feet deep hole opened up in the spillway, sending massive amounts of water and chunks of concrete surging down the Feather River. Engineers from the California Department of Water Resources (DWR) and collaborating agencies announced they were able to slow water surging down the primary spillway to 20, 000 cfs. But with the    reservoir filled to 101 percent of capacity, officials assured the public that water would flow evenly over an emergency spillway on the south facing side of the dam. Law enforcement sources told Preston the National Guard out of Redding was being mobilized for a disaster deployment. The crisis situation has temporarily faded with the primary spillway jettisoning water at a rate of over 100, 000 cfs, bringing the lake height down to the point at which water has ceased overflowing the emergency spillway. Helicopters have been deployed to drop huge boulders into the crack in the emergency spillway, and clear skies are expected over the next three days. But beginning on Wednesday evening, another   “Pineapple Express” storm system will arrive to hammer northern California’s lower elevations with 7 straight days of rain, while the Sierras expect 11 straight days of rain and snow beginning on Thursday. With the heaviest snowfall in 22 years, the Sierra snow pack is at 150 percent of its   average. And with temperatures climbing to a high of 49 degrees in Tahoe on Wednesday, 4 degrees above average, snowmelt is expected to be heavier than usual. Preston reports that the general consensus from the emergency response teams is that the situation will remain stable into Friday. But with accumulating rain and snowmelt causing another overflow of the weakened emergency spillway by late Friday, there is a significant risk of heavy damage to the Oroville Dam spillways.",0
12822,Will This Guy Shut Off the Lights in the Sanders Campaign? - The New York Times,"  years ago, Jeff Weaver was a lowly campaign aide driving an obscure   congressional candidate around Vermont in a Yugo. Now, Mr. Weaver is well known enough from his stinging appearances in the press and on television to be slammed by Cher. In April, the singer called #JeffWeaver “scum” on Twitter and, with the help of emojis, more scatological epithets. Cher is a devoted Hillary Clinton supporter. Mr. Weaver, 50, is Senator Bernie Sanders’s campaign manager and his closest aide and consigliere. As the Democratic race for president winds down, some party strategists have complained that Mr. Weaver is the Vermont senator’s enabler in chief, a true believer who could encourage his boss to keep fighting on after the June 14 primary in Washington, D. C. even though Mrs. Clinton has mathematically locked up the nomination. Others think Mr. Weaver may be the one person who can coax Mr. Sanders into a conciliatory stance. He hasn’t revealed much yet to reassure either camp. “Sure, there will be a roll call eventually,” he said in a phone interview on Friday, referring to the Democratic convention. “My plan until then is to help the senator do whatever he wants to do to further the political revolution. ” For the moment, at least, Mr. Weaver holds the political world in suspense: Is he going to broker a peace agreement or will he be the last man standing on the Bernie barricades? It’s a delicate moment in the Sanders campaign. Like the time’  music that shoos Oscar winners off the stage at the Academy Awards show, the cascade of Clinton endorsements this last week  —   President Obama, Senator Elizabeth Warren, Vice President Joe Biden  —   are drowning out Mr. Sanders’s   speech. On television, Clinton supporters continue to gingerly humor the senator, insisting he should take his time. In private, those same strategists drum their fingers, roll their eyes and look pointedly at their watches as they circle Mr. Weaver. Mr. Weaver, who is bald, bearded and wears glasses, looks like many other Washington political operatives who roundelay on cable news shows. Since the Sanders campaign started, he has become adept at   sparring, but he isn’t typical. Instead he is a rather glaring reminder of what has made the Sanders campaign so different  —   and unpredictable. Mr. Weaver had left politics and was running a comic book and gaming store in Falls Church, Va. when Mr. Sanders tapped him for the job he had never managed a presidential campaign before. (The recorded message on his personal cellphone still takes messages for Victory Comics.) He was an unlikely choice, but possibly the best one for the willful and demanding   democratic socialist who, after meeting with President Obama on Thursday, assured supporters at a rally in Washington, D. C. that “we are still standing. ” Mr. Sanders relies on longtime loyalists to work round the clock. Mr. Weaver calls himself Mr. Sanders’s lieutenant. (He didn’t say Robin, though when pressed he said his favorite superhero is Batman.) “I’ve worked for Bernie since I was 20 years old, so I am still inspired by what he has to say, but you know I’ve been with him so long,” Mr. Weaver said in a deserted hotel cafeteria on June 7, the day of the California primary. “I think one of the reasons why he asked me is that he knows I know how he thinks,” Mr. Weaver said. “I’m here to do what Bernie wants to get done. By and large I understand what that is before he   …     ” Mr. Weaver paused and changed tack. “Without having to ask him about it. ” Those who have worked with him on Capitol Hill say he is more influential than he lets on. “He is the one staff person who is both loyal to Bernie Sanders and clearly not intimidated by him in the least,” said Luke Albee, a former chief of staff to the Democratic Senators Patrick Leahy of Vermont and Mark Warner of Virginia. Mr. Albee met Mr. Weaver in the 1980s, when Mr. Weaver was a Boston University student lobbying Senator Leahy on behalf of Soviet Jewry. “He didn’t look like a typical student,” Mr. Albee said. “He was smart, a fast speaker and he looked 40. ” (Mr. Weaver later left B. U. after being suspended for, among other things, student protests against apartheid.) Mr. Albee said he didn’t know in which direction Mr. Weaver would prod Mr. Sanders, if any. “If I were to guess, I would think he wants to come up with a plan to land the plane smoothly,” Mr. Albee said. “At least I hope so. ” Carol Davis, the treasurer for Mr. Sanders’s first senate campaign, said she was astounded when Mr. Weaver was appointed campaign manager, but later decided it made sense. “With Bernie and Jeff, it’s sometimes hard to tell where one ends and the other begins,” she said. And perhaps accordingly, Mr. Weaver has been cast as the heavy in news reports that the dwindling Sanders campaign is riven between   and professional consultants who prefer to get back on the good side of the Democratic establishment. Mr. Weaver disagreed. “The senator, he drives this train,” Mr. Weaver said. “It’s not a   or   campaign. ” Mr. Weaver has made enemies on Capitol Hill and inside the Democratic National Committee, but he appears to get along quite well with his opposite number in the Clinton campaign, Robby Mook. In fact, Mr. Mook and Mr. Weaver seem to have the kind of   entente  —   and camaraderie  —   that the Soviet foreign minister Eduard Shevardnadze and Secretary of State Jim Baker shared during the Cold War. “I get along with Jeff extraordinarily well,” Mr. Mook said, noting that he speaks to Mr. Weaver by phone often. “He is obviously a tough opponent who did a masterful job, but I consider him a good and close colleague. ” Tad Devine, Mr. Sanders’s chief strategist, is described by some political analysts as the insider most eager to make peace with the Clinton forces. Mr. Devine said he thinks of Mr. Weaver as a friend and ally, not a rival. “Jeff looks tough and aggressive on television,” Mr. Devine said. “He’s smart and he’s not afraid to stay stuff. But off camera, he’s steady, really smart and good company. We laugh a lot. ” It was not so jolly inside the Sanders war room on Hollywood Boulevard in Los Angeles on the night of the California primary. The two top aides sat near each other as the returns began coming in, not so much together as in parallel play. Mr. Devine watched CNN on a laptop and made droll comments about the commentators. Mr. Weaver was crouched over a different computer with the campaign’s pollster Ben Tulchin, staring at early returns. Those results showed Mrs. Clinton with a much stronger lead than the Sanders team had hoped for, and the room grew quieter. Younger campaign aides studied their screens with the strained intensity of gamblers watching a roulette ball circle closer and closer to zero. Mr. Weaver maintained good humor  —   albeit gallows humor  —   and made phone calls. Mr. Weaver, while respected by his peers, isn’t a clubbable Washingtonian. When Vermonters refer to him as a “St. Albans boy,” they don’t mean he is an alumnus of the elite private school in Washington, D. C. that Al Gore and Secretary of State John Kerry attended. Mr. Weaver was raised in St. Albans, Vt. a small rural town near the Canadian border. He has   roots his grandmother was named Violet Champagne. He was educated by nuns and considers himself as social justice Catholic his three children attended Catholic schools. From 1985 to 1989, he was in the United States Marine Corps Reserves. While working for Mr. Sanders, he went to Georgetown law school, where he met his wife, Barbara Butterworth, 49, who shares his progressive politics and is a criminal defense lawyer for indigent clients. “Jeff enjoys taking on the powers that be,” Ms. Butterworth said. Mr. Weaver said he doesn’t know what he will do after the campaign. He said he wasn’t sure if he would return to the comics store. And he doesn’t seem likely to become a hired gun on the Democratic circuit. When asked what other politicians he could work for, Mr. Weaver gave the name of Paul Wellstone, the progressive Minnesota senator who died in a plane crash in 2002. The other name that came to mind was the California representative Barbara Lee, the only member of Congress to vote in 2001 against the authorization of use of force after the Sept. 11 attacks.   Mr. Weaver could certainly pursue a career as a    political commentator. He could also, he joked, make   infomercials, since he has lost 30 pounds during the campaign. He seems to be tickled by his sudden fame, and chuckled about a recent encounter on the MSNBC program “Hardball” with Chris Matthews. When Mr. Matthews scolded Mr. Weaver for not having yet released Mr. Sanders’s tax returns, Mr. Weaver pointed out that Mr. Matthews’s wife, Kathleen, didn’t release their tax returns when she ran for a Congressional seat last year. (Ms. Matthews lost the primary.) Mr. Matthews, clearly taken aback, suggested the analogy was unfair. “This is ‘Hardball,’ Chris,” Mr. Weaver replied evenly. Mr. Weaver, too, has campaigned for office. In 1990, he ran as an independent against the incumbent mayor of St. Albans. His concession words back then could turn out to be prophetic: “People haven’t seen the last of Jeff Weaver. ”",0
12823,Can The American People Defeat The Oligarchy That Rules Them?,"Can The American People Defeat The Oligarchy That Rules Them?
Paul Craig Roberts
I am surprised that Hillary and the presstitutes haven’t blamesd Putin for FBI director Comey’s reopening of the Hillary email case. But they have done the next best thing for Hillary. They have made Comey the issue, not Hillary.
According to US Senator Harry Reid and the presstitutes, we don’t need to worry about Hillary’s crimes. After all, she is only a political woman feathering her nest, like political men have been doing for ages. Why all this misogynist talk about Hillary? It is Comey’s alleged crime that is important. This woman-hating Republican violated the Hatch Act by telling Congress that the investigation he said was closed was reopened. A very strange interpretation of the Hatch Act. It is OK to tell that a candidate for president is cleared duing an election but not to say that a candidate is under investigation.
Comey violated the Hatch Act when he, on orders from the corrupt Obama Attorney General, announced Hillary clean, and thereby used the prestige of federal clearance of Hillary’s violation of national security protocols to boost her standing in the election polls.
Actually, Hillary’s standing in the polls is based on the pollsters over-weighting Hillary supporters in the polls. It is easy to produce a favorite if you overweight their supporters in the poll questions. If you look at the crowds attending the two candidate’s public appearances, it is clear that the American people prefer Donald Trump, who is opposed to war with Russia and China. The election settles no greater issue. 
This has the ruling American Oligarcy, for which Hillary is the total servant, concerned. What are they going to do about Trump? Will his fate be the same as John F. Kennedy, Robert Kennedy, Martin Luther King, George Wallace? Time will tell. Or will a hotal maid appear at the last minute in the way that the Oligarchy got rid of Dominic Strauss-Kahn? 
All of the American and Western feminists, progressives, and left-wing remnant fell for the obvious frame-up of Strauss-Kahn. After Strauss-Kahn was blocked from the Presidency of France and resigned as Director of the IMF, the New York authorities had to drop all charges against Strauss-Kahn. But Washington had succeeded in putting its French vassal in the presidency of France. 
This is how the American Oligarchy desroys those it suspects might not serve its interests. The corrupt self-sereving Oligarchy makes sure that it owns the government and the media, the think tanks and increasingly all of the major universities, and, of course, through the presstitutes, Amerians’ minds.
The Oligarhs are now hard-pressed to rescue Hillary as US president, so let’s see if the Oligarchs can once again deceive the insouciant American people.
While we wait, let’s concern outselves with another important issue. The Clinton crime syndicate in the closing years of the 20th century allowed a small handful of mega-corporations to consolidate the US media in a few hands. This vast increase in the power of the Oligarchy was accomplished despite US anti-trust law and the American tradition of a dispersed and independent media. 
But really, what does federal law mean to the One Percent. Nothing whatsoever. They are immune to it. Hillary’s crimes might cost her the election, but she won’t go to jail.
Not content with 90% control of the US media, the Oligarchy wants more concentration and more control. Looks like they will be getting it, thanks to the totally corrupt US government.
The Federal Trade Commission is supposed to enforce US anti-trust law. Instead, the corrupt federal agency routinely violates US anti-trust law by permitting monopoly concentrations of business interests. 
Because of the failure of the federal government to enforce federal law, we now have “banks too big to fail,” unregulated Internet monopoly, and the evisceration of a dispersed and independent media. 
There formerly was a field of economics known as anti-trust. Ph.D. candidates specialized in and wrote dissertations about public control of monopoly power. I assume that this field of
economics, like the America of my youth, no longer exists. 
http://www.veteransnewsnow.com/2016/10/22/just-what-the-hell-does-the-federal-trade-commission-antitrust-division-do-anymore/ 
The post Can The American People Defeat The Oligarchy That Rules Them? appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
12824,Trump TV Offers (Fledgling) Framework for Potential Media Future - The New York Times,"It was a few minutes after 7 p. m. on Tuesday when Trump TV conked out. “We have to pause,” said Avi Berkowitz, the    director, as he stared at a black square on his laptop where, moments earlier, Episode 2 of “Trump Tower Live”  —   the   talk show produced by the Donald J. Trump campaign  —   had been streaming. The panelists on the show, standing a few feet away in a makeshift studio inside a bland Trump Tower office, glanced around, confused. A makeup artist hired for the occasion fiddled with her phone. Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York City and the night’s special guest, kept criticizing Hillary Clinton, until somebody noted that the camera had shut off.   news, this was not. The set consisted of two wooden tables pressed together, facing a single camcorder on a tripod. The director, who eventually got the feed working again, was a recent Harvard Law School graduate with no broadcasting background. Yet “Trump Tower Live” has been seized on as a harbinger of a potential Trump media empire to come. The show, set to air through Election Day, debuted this week with a   crawl  —   filled exclusively with headlines favorable to Mr. Trump  —   and onscreen graphics borrowed from the cable news playbook. Essentially agitprop presented as news, the program is fueling speculation that Mr. Trump wants to start a network, purveying news and opinion tailored to the candidate’s worldview. Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s    has met with a prominent media banker and other industry figures to discuss options for a television venture. The proximity to Mr. Trump of Stephen K. Bannon, a top campaign adviser and the mastermind of Breitbart News, has also stoked talk of plans for a national media outlet. But speaking at Trump Tower on Tuesday before an evening taping, the creators of the show  —   who all work for the Trump campaign  —   dismissed such speculation as baseless. “That’s part of a narrative that the   media is trying to spin, in order to somehow suggest that Mr. Trump is not going to win this election,” said Boris Epshteyn, a lawyer who often appears on television on behalf of the Trump campaign and who serves as a   of “Trump Tower Live. ” The show “is not a trial balloon,” he added. “It’s a channel for messaging to voters that haven’t been reached yet. ” Judging by the scene at Tuesday’s show, the production was minimal: a   team, including a microphone operator in a navy blue Make America Great Again windbreaker, in a room overlooking the Trump Tower atrium. As talk shows go, the mood was remarkably placid  —   perhaps because the   hosts never disagreed with one another. The panelists  —   including a former lieutenant governor of New York, Betsy McCaughey  —   denounced the Affordable Care Act and accused Mrs. Clinton of committing a variety of criminal acts. There was no green room for guests, but bottles of   spring water were available. As he waited for the broadcast to start, Mr. Giuliani said that he “would have loved” a similar tool during his time as mayor. “This is a very effective way to get your message over and above all the interpretations  —   misinterpretations  —   that occur,” Mr. Giuliani said. “I wish we could have done it. It would have been a big help. ” Monday’s premiere episode attracted about 60, 000 live viewers at one point, solid for Facebook, if meager for cable news. Tuesday’s edition, which aired after one of Mr. Trump’s rallies, saw a   to 23, 000 viewers, though Cliff Sims, Mr. Epshteyn’s   said his team was still working out kinks. “It’s an evolving thing,” said Mr. Sims, who built an online news and radio network called Yellowhammer in his native Alabama before taking a leave to join the Trump campaign. “We’re experimenting a little bit with the form it will take. ” Mr. Sims pitched the idea for a Facebook Live special on the night of the final presidential debate that broadcast attracted millions of views and led to about 150, 000 people donating to the campaign. For its daily show, the campaign is considering afternoon broadcasts, and it is looking to see whether airing before or after a speech by Mr. Trump has an effect on viewership. While many noted that Monday’s episode aired at 6:30 p. m. opposite major network newscasts, Mr. Sims said that was a coincidence tied to Mr. Trump’s schedule that night. Still, the “Trump Tower Live” crew has not shied away from asserting that it offers a corrective to traditional news. “We’re excited to be bypassing the   media,” Mr. Epshteyn said on Monday’s broadcast, prompting Mr. Sims to add, “It would be malpractice on our part if we didn’t utilize these massive social media platforms that we have. ” Mr. Trump, for his part, has said he is focused on winning the election, not creating a media property. He told a Cincinnati radio host on Tuesday, “I have no interest in Trump TV,” and industry executives say the   costs for a news channel would be prohibitive. Even Sean Hannity of Fox News, a dedicated Trump partisan, sounded skeptical when asked about the idea in an interview in Las Vegas last week. “Good luck,” Mr. Hannity said. “It’s going to cost you half a billion just to get in the water. ” Still, Mr. Berkowitz, the Trump Tower Live director, sounded bullish about his show’s ambitions. “Younger people don’t watch CNN they just don’t,” Mr. Berkowitz said, as the studio set was dismantled around him. “This is how they get information,” he added. “This is the best way to bring it to them. And we’re happy to do that. ”",0
12825,Cleveland Relaxes Rules on Protests Near G.O.P. Convention Site - The New York Times,"CLEVELAND  —   The city of Cleveland agreed Wednesday to allow protests closer to the site of the Republican National Convention next month, approving rule changes that increase the amount of space demonstrators can occupy and extend the amount of time that demonstrations will be permitted. Thousands of protesters are expected in the city when the Republican Party holds its convention here from July  . Groups opposed to the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, Donald J. Trump, and those supporting him, are planning big rallies. City officials cited security concerns in arguing for restrictions on the demonstrators. The changes agreed to by city officials will most likely increase the visibility of the demonstrations and other activities along the city’s parade route, said Stephen David, a spokesman for the American Civil Liberties Union of Ohio, which sued the city over its original rules. The changes also extend the deadline to apply for permits to hold an event, Mr. David said. A federal judge ruled last week that Cleveland’s original regulations for demonstrations and marches during the convention infringed on the right of free expression and ordered city officials and the A. C. L. U. to negotiate new rules. The new rules, completed Wednesday by the Cleveland Board of Control, extend the parade route, which is the area where demonstrators are permitted to march. They allow protests to go through parts of downtown Cleveland to give some larger groups more time to demonstrate, he said. “People will have more opportunities to be seen by delegates especially with the new parade route,” Mr. David said. “These regulations are a significant improvement from what we had seen before. ” Despite the rules changes, the demonstrators will not pass directly by the Quicken Loans Arena, which is where the nominating convention will take place. But they will now be able to march through areas around the arena that were previously off limits, including some public parks. The changes also added buffer times between demonstrations, after some feared that groups supporting Mr. Trump might clash with those opposing him. “The R. N. C. offers a unique stage to groups from all sides of the political spectrum to lift their voices to a national audience,” Christine Link, executive director for the A. C. L. U. of Ohio, said in a statement. “The new rules ensure that people have meaningful opportunities to express themselves on some of our most important national issues. ” Law enforcement officials said they expected thousands of protesters to show up on the first day of the convention, a Monday, with dozens of groups, ranging from Black Lives Matter to Citizens for Trump, likely to turn out. The rule changes were welcomed by Judge Ronald B. Adrine of Cleveland’s municipal court. He will be one of several judges working during the convention on cases involving people arrested at demonstrations. He said the new parade route and expanded duration of the protests would make it less likely that people will get into confrontations with the authorities. “I think that the more people are able to do what they want to do or say what they want to say the better,” he said, since “they don’t necessarily have to take issue with the police,” he said. “To the degree that the police can just stand back and let them throw their tantrum  —   all good as far as I’m concerned,” he added. The legal skirmishing recalls past battles over convention demonstrations like one in St. Paul in 2008, when protest groups sued before the Republican convention over a parade route and strict rules for permits.",0
12826,The Story of How the DOJ Tried to Thwart an FBI Investigation Into the Clinton Foundation,"at 1:27 pm 2 Comments 
Yesterday, the Wall Street Journal published a fascinating and troubling article detailing how aggressively the Department of Injustice moved to stymie efforts of FBI agents who wanted to investigate pay-to-play criminality with regard to the Clinton Foundation. 
Of course, none of this should come as a surprise. The Justice Department under President Obama never met a powerful person it cared to prosecute. Indeed, under Eric Holder’s crony reign (same now with Loretta Lynch), it’s been apparent for a very long time that senior leadership at the DOJ see the institution’s primary role to be the coddling and protection of oligarch criminals, especially those in the financial sector (see: Must Watch Video – “The Veneer of Justice in a Kingdom of Crime” ). 
The death of the rule of law in America, otherwise known as the two-tier justice system, has been a key topic of mine since the very beginning. In fact, I think it is the number one cancer plaguing our society at this time. As I warned in the 2014 post, New Report – The United States’ Sharp Drop in Economic Freedom Since 2000 Driven by “Decline in Rule of Law” : 
In my opinion, the U.S. is living on borrowed time. The entrepreneurial spirit is still very much alive, and a lot of innovative things are happening in the tech area, but other than that, the U.S. economy looks very much like a third word oligarchy. From my perspective, we need to reinstate the rule of law at once. The bad actors amongst the rich and powerful will continue to feast relentlessly on the productive parts of the economy so long as they they are never held accountable for their crimes. Simply put: The rule of law must be restored immediately. 
When it comes to the restoration of the rule of law, there is simply no time to waste. 
The rule of law has not been restored, a realization that is consistently reenforced by the lengths to which the Department of Justice goes to protect the powerful. Yesterday’s WSJ article gives us an additional glimpse into how that happens behind the scenes. 
  article, FBI in Internal Feud Over Hillary Clinton Probe : 
The surprise disclosure that agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation are taking a new look at Hillary Clinton’s email use lays bare, just days before the election, tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. 
The new investigative effort, disclosed by FBI Director James Comey on Friday, shows a bureau at times in sharp internal disagreement over matters related to the Clintons, and how to handle those matters fairly and carefully in the middle of a national election campaign. Even as the probe of Mrs. Clinton’s email use wound down in July, internal disagreements within the bureau and the Justice Department surrounding the Clintons’ family philanthropy heated up, according to people familiar with the matter. 
New details show that senior law-enforcement officials repeatedly voiced skepticism of the strength of the evidence in a bureau investigation of the Clinton Foundation, sought to condense what was at times a sprawling cross-country effort, and, according to some people familiar with the matter, told agents to limit their pursuit of the case. The probe of the foundation began more than a year ago to determine whether financial crimes or influence peddling occurred related to the charity. 
Some investigators grew frustrated, viewing FBI leadership as uninterested in probing the charity, these people said. Others involved disagreed sharply, defending FBI bosses and saying Mr. McCabe in particular was caught between an increasingly acrimonious fight for control between the Justice Department and FBI agents pursuing the Clinton Foundation case. 
Early this year, four FBI field offices—New York, Los Angeles, Washington and Little Rock, Ark.—were collecting information about the Clinton Foundation to see if there was evidence of financial crimes or influence-peddling, according to people familiar with the matter. 
Los Angeles agents had picked up information about the Clinton Foundation from an unrelated public-corruption case and had issued some subpoenas for bank records related to the foundation, these people said. 
The Washington field office was probing financial relationships involving Mr. McAuliffe before he became a Clinton Foundation board member, these people said. Mr. McAuliffe has denied any wrongdoing, and his lawyer has said the probe is focused on whether he failed to register as an agent of a foreign entity. 
In February, FBI officials made a presentation to the Justice Department, according to these people. By all accounts, the meeting didn’t go well. 
Some said that is because the FBI didn’t present compelling evidence to justify more aggressive pursuit of the Clinton Foundation, and that the career anticorruption prosecutors in the room simply believed it wasn’t a very strong case. Others said that from the start, the Justice Department officials were stern, icy and dismissive of the case. 
“That was one of the weirdest meetings I’ve ever been to,” one participant told others afterward, according to people familiar with the matter. 
Anticorruption prosecutors at the Justice Department told the FBI at the meeting they wouldn’t authorize more aggressive investigative techniques, such as subpoenas, formal witness interviews, or grand-jury activity. But the FBI officials believed they were well within their authority to pursue the leads and methods already under way, these people said. 
According to a person familiar with the probes, on Aug. 12, a senior Justice Department official called Mr. McCabe to voice his displeasure at finding that New York FBI agents were still openly pursuing the Clinton Foundation probe during the election season. Mr. McCabe said agents still had the authority to pursue the issue as long as they didn’t use overt methods requiring Justice Department approvals. 
The Justice Department official was “very pissed off,” according to one person close to Mr. McCabe, and pressed him to explain why the FBI was still chasing a matter the department considered dormant. Others said the Justice Department was simply trying to make sure FBI agents were following longstanding policy not to make overt investigative moves that could be seen as trying to influence an election. Those rules discourage investigators from making any such moves before a primary or general election, and, at a minimum, checking with anticorruption prosecutors before doing so. 
“Are you telling me that I need to shut down a validly predicated investigation?” Mr. McCabe asked, according to people familiar with the conversation. After a pause, the official replied, “Of course not,” these people said. 
For Mr. McCabe’s defenders, the exchange showed how he was stuck between an FBI office eager to pour more resources into a case and Justice Department prosecutors who didn’t think much of the case, one person said. Those people said that following the call, Mr. McCabe reiterated past instructions to FBI agents that they were to keep pursuing the work within the authority they had. 
Others further down the FBI chain of command, however, said agents were given a much starker instruction on the case: “Stand down.” When agents questioned why they weren’t allowed to take more aggressive steps, they said they were told the order had come from the deputy director—Mr. McCabe. 
Others familiar with the matter deny Mr. McCabe or any other senior FBI official gave such a stand-down instruction. 
In September, agents on the foundation case asked to see the emails contained on nongovernment laptops that had been searched as part of the Clinton email case, but that request was rejected by prosecutors at the Eastern District of New York, in Brooklyn. Those emails were given to the FBI based on grants of partial immunity and limited-use agreements, meaning agents could only use them for the purpose of investigating possible mishandling of   
Some FBI agents were dissatisfied with that answer, and asked for permission to make a similar request to federal prosecutors in Manhattan, according to people familiar with the matter. Mr. McCabe, these people said, told them no and added that they couldn’t “go prosecutor-shopping.” 
The above revelations, in conjunction with the email server probe being reopened by the FBI, is why I now think Donald Trump has a very good chance of winning the Presidency. As I noted in Friday’s post, Another Black Swan Hits the U.S. Presidential Election : 
The problems with Hillary Clinton will never go away. They will always resurface or new problems will emerge, and it has nothing to do with a “vast rightwing conspiracy” (or Putin). It has to do with her. It has to do with the fact that her and her husband are career crooks, warmongers, and shameless looters of the American public. This re-opening of the FBI investigation just hammers all of that home for everyone. We know what 4 years of Hillary will look like. It’ll be Obama cronyism on steroids, plus endless investigations with a side of World War 3. I don’t think people want that, and so more Americans than the pundits realize will take a gamble on Trump. 
It’s not just me saying it. Even longtime Clinton supporter Doug Schoen is revisiting whether he can continue to support Clinton. As he wrote   There will be no goodwill or honeymoon period for Clinton. Her first 100-days agenda will take a backseat to partisan divisions and polarization with little chance of constructive legislative action occurring. We have seen that a hyper-partisan, gridlocked Washington is bad for the country. There is no reason to believe that Clinton’s tenure will be anything but more of the same in this way and, most likely, a lot worse. Further, Russian President Vladimir Putin said (tongue-in-cheek) that we are not a banana republic.‎ I greatly fear we could become one if Secretary Clinton is elected president. Our national security will continue to be jeopardized by ongoing investigations by the FBI, and potentially the Justice Department and Congress, putting us at immediate risk of more assertive actions in Europe, Middle East and Asia by the Russians and Chinese. Moreover, we simply cannot face a situation where the president elect may need or want a pardon from the president to govern. Or worse yet, need to pardon herself after she takes office. As of now, I have no confidence that either of those questions will be answered by Election Day or that we will have full clarity on an investigation into what could be as many as 650,000 emails that found their way to Weiner and Abedin’s computer. However, in good conscience, and as a Democrat, I am actively doubting whether I can vote for the Secretary of State. I also want to make clear that I cannot vote for Donald Trump as his world view and mine are very different. For more on the Clinton Foundation, see:",0
12827,Video: Women On The Street Explain Why They Hate Hillary | Daily Wire,"Video: Women On The Street Explain Why They Hate Hillary By: Chase Stephens November 8, 2016 
Media analyst and YouTuber Mark Dice took to the streets once again to ask the public what they think of this year's presidential election, specifically, what they think about ol' Crooked Hillary. 
In the video (below), titled ""Why Women Hate Hillary Clinton,"" Dice gives women the opportunity to voice their concerns about the character and integrity of the former Secretary of State, and the results are brutally honest. 


""What's wrong with Hillary? Why do everybody hate her,"" Dice asks the first woman who replies, ""Because she's a criminal."" 
""She's a liar and I hate her voice,"" another woman tells him, adding, ""Her voice drives me crazy."" 
A few more ladies tell Mark that Hillary is a liar, she's terrible, with one woman adding, ""She lost to Obama eight years ago so why is she still running. It's kind of absurd to me."" 
The women also had problems with Hillary's constant scandals, dirty money, bad policies, and her relentlessly playing the gender card. 
""I just believe in more personal freedom and less government control,"" one jogger told the host, while another summed it up with, ""It's time for a change, Hillary's out of here."" 
Exit thought from Dice: 
Hillary Clinton is not a woman. It is a demon. Stop saying ""first female this, and first female that."" Demons have no gender. — Mark Dice (@MarkDice) August 31, 2016 
",0
12828,"North Korea Fires Ballistic Missile, Challenging Trump - The New York Times","SEOUL, South Korea  —   North Korea launched a ballistic missile toward the sea off its eastern coast on Sunday, in what South Korea called the North’s first attempt to test President Trump’s policy on the isolated country. A projectile believed to be a modified version of the North’s   ballistic missile Musudan took off at 7:55 a. m. from Banghyon, a town near North Korea’s northwestern border with China, and flew 310 miles before falling in the sea, the South Korean military said. Earlier, the United States Strategic Command issued a statement identifying the missile as a   or   system that “did not pose a threat to North America. ” South Korea condemned the missile launching, saying that it violated a series of United Nations Security Council resolutions that bar North Korea from developing or testing ballistic missile and nuclear weapons technologies. It also said the North had launched the missile to raise tensions over its weapons programs and to use it as leverage in dealing with the Trump administration. “We see this as part of an attempt by the North to grab attention by demonstrating its nuclear and missile capabilities and to counter the new United States administration’s strong policy line against North Korea,” the South Korean military said in its statement. The missile launch came as Mr. Trump is hosting Japan’s prime minister, Shinzo Abe, on an official visit, but it was unclear if the test was intended as a political message. Mr. Trump and Mr. Abe hastily arranged a joint appearance in response. “North Korea’s most recent missile launch is absolutely intolerable,” Mr. Abe said, calling on the country to comply with all relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions. Looking grim, Mr. Trump said nothing about the missile launch, but pledged to staunchly back Japan. “I just want everybody to understand and fully know that the United States of America stands behind Japan, its great ally, 100 percent,” he said. The two leaders are at    Mr. Trump’s club in Palm Beach, Fla. where they are meeting over the weekend. The United States Strategic Command statement identified the missile North Korea launched as “a   or   ballistic missile. ” “The missile was tracked over North Korea and into the Sea of Japan,” the statement added. “The North American Aerospace Defense Command determined the missile launch from North Korea did not pose a threat to North America. ” South Korea’s Foreign Ministry said the test, the first by the North this year, demonstrated the “maniacal obsession” of the North Korean leader, Kim   with developing a   ballistic missile. The test came less than two days after Mr. Trump said on Friday that defending against the nuclear and missile threats from North Korea was a “very, very high priority. ” Mr. Trump made the comment at a news conference with Mr. Abe at the White House. In their joint statement, the two leaders had urged North Korea “to abandon its nuclear and ballistic missile programs and not to take any further provocative actions. ” The test of an   system would have been especially provocative because it would mean that North Korea was trying to develop the ability to strike the United States. South Korean officials said they believed that the North has been using the Musudan, its   missile, to develop and test some intercontinental ballistic missile, or ICBM, technologies. North Korea has deployed and often tested   Scud and midrange Rodong ballistic missiles that can reach most of South Korea and Japan, but it has had a spotty record in   the Musudan, its only missile with a range long enough to reach American military bases in the Pacific, including those on Guam. North Korea’s last Musudan test ended in failure in October. In a New Year’s Day speech, Mr. Kim said his country had reached a “final stage” in preparing to conduct its first test of an ICBM. That drew a Twitter post the next day from Mr. Trump that said, “It won’t happen!” North Korea has since warned that it could   an ICBM “anytime and anywhere,” in its first challenge to the new American president. The American defense secretary, Jim Mattis, visited South Korea on his first official trip abroad and agreed with South Korea to boost the allies’ joint defense abilities against North Korea. The two allies also agreed to push ahead with their plan to deploy an advanced American missile defense system known as Thaad in South Korea by the end of the year, despite a strong protest from China. Although North Korea has vowed to develop the ability to attack the United States with nuclear warheads and has tested missiles that can reach throughout the Korean Peninsula and its vicinity, it has never tested a   missile that could fly across the Pacific. It remains unclear how close North Korea has come to building a reliable ICBM, although it has boasted of successfully testing crucial technologies in the past year, such as   missile engines and heat shields for an ICBM.",0
12829,Crony Media Have Permanently Disgraced Themselves - Patriot Rising,"Posted 11/15/2016 9:23 am by PatriotRising with 0 comments 
Americans have been to the polls. Everything is over but the shouting — by the loser, that is honest Hil. I predicted that the best Trump could have hoped for was winning the popular vote but losing the Electoral College but I got it wrong: the Donald has triumphed. An underfunded campaign — he spent barely half of what she did — with a skeletal crew and without the party’s full backing won out because not all of America agrees with the values of Jay-Z, Beyoncé, Springsteen, Hollywood in general and gay marriage in particular. 

Trump appealed to those who have been snubbed, the great ignored. They are mainly blue-collar whites who had long been belittled and overlooked by the media until suddenly their knight in a shiny gold Cadillac appeared. In a rare moment of openness, Hillary described these people as ‘deplorable’. Basically, Trump’s message was that to embrace extremism was to acknowledge the danger in absolute terms: no more Muslims coming in, no more Nafta, a wall to stop Mexicans, and so on. Even more profoundly, even nice, unsophisticated Americans wondered why Hillary or Obama had been so squeamish about calling a spade a spade, i.e., radical Islamic terrorism. As a Trump follower wrote, ‘Moderation in the pursuit of evil is no virtue. 

Imperfect as Trump was a candidate, his enemies are the very same people who are shocked (in the manner of Captain Renault) by the ignorance of hoi polloi, and who decided long ago that these people are not to be trusted. You know the kind: Beltway insiders, media pundits, academics, policy professionals, Hollywood types, fashion elites, TV celebrities, professional race hustlers, gay activists; you name what’s in the news nowadays, they were against the Donald. They are part of the arrangement. Their European counterparts are in the EU, and among the Remainers. 

If one had to slice it down even further, this election was basically the politically correct versus the politically incorrect. Although blue collars may not sound too sophisticated to snotty-nosed Beltway insiders, the blues know that this is no longer a war between nation states but a fight between civilizations: Islam and the West. An American president with an IQ lower than his younger daughter’s age invaded the Middle East, claiming that the region would welcome having American values imposed upon it. Hillary voted for that disastrous action; Trump was against it from the start. Americans see Europe and cringe. They see ‘Frenchmen’ cheering as their white countrymen are murdered in cold blood by Muslims and realize that this is a war fought by immigration. They put two and two together and calculate that in 100 years there will be more Muslims in Europe than white European Christians and that Sharia law will be imposed from above. And they also see a Dutch MP on trial for speaking against unlimited immigration, an MP, incidentally, who was refused entry to the UK for being right-wing, whatever that means. 

One political philosopher at Oxford asked, ‘What gives a country the right to control its borders?’ Well, I’m asking who gave his mother the right to give birth to such a moron, but then not everyone is as rude as yours truly. And then, of course, the R-word comes into it. That’s what the election was and will be all about in the near future. Race is to America what immigration is to Europe: the large pachyderm crowding everyone out of the chic drawing-room in Chelsea. 
Whites choose to live, as do blacks, among their own — if they have the choice. Churches self-segregate and whites flee to the suburbs once blacks move in next door. The elites, however, call this racism, although they would not dream of living next to a black family unless they were the Obamas, and then some. And as more and more Africans move to the States, there are more and more natives who feel a kind of cultural dispossession and a belief that Uncle Sam cannot thrive as an increasingly multiracial nation. Those who feel this way have been X-rated by the elites, and are called racists, homophobes, sexists, xenophobes and morally deformed. These people found a champion in Trump. 

And now a word about the fourth estate: I knew the fix was in long ago — never have the media been as incapable of separating fact from fiction and truth be damned — but when Vogue came out slamming Trump, I almost pissed in my St Laurent silk underwear. Never before have so many news outlets abandoned all pretence of fairness in reporting an election. Never before have newspapers — with the exception of the New York Times , which always mixes reporting news with editorialising — allowed reporters to express their opinions in so-called news stories. And the TV reportage was just as bad. You know the kind of thing: the pursed lips and air of healthy scepticism when it came to anything resembling a pro-Trump comment; the head tilt of doubt in response to any Trump announcement; the look of outraged authority when anyone defended Trump. The ones I found amusing were the lightweights of Vogue , those narcissistic onanists who somehow viewed Trump as an American version of Brexit. His hair and make-up was an affront to their preening self-importance. They minced their way to Hillary. 

But the Donald has won and, best of all, the New York Times , the Washington Post , the New Yorker and the three main networks have once and for all disgraced themselves by proving they have no idea what this country is about. Yippee! 
",0
12830,Probleme mit der Navigation: Stört der Kreml absichtlich GPS-Signale?,"kreml , moskau , sicherheit Viele vermuten, der Kreml soll vor Drohnen geschützt werden. Quelle:Evgeny Biyatov/RIA Novosti 
Die Bewohner Moskaus haben Ausfälle ihrer Navigationsgeräte in der Umgebung des Kremls bemerkt: Kommt man in die Nähe der Kremlmauer, verhalten sich GPS- und Glonass-Navigationsgeräte von Zeit zu Zeit merkwürdig und zeigen einen Ort an, der sich 30 Kilometer vom tatsächlichen Standort befindet. 
Die Anomalie wurde bereits im Sommer dieses Jahres bemerkt. Alles begann mit dem Spiel „Pokemon Go“, das nur mit GPS funktioniert. Nutzer beschwerten sich über ein unzuverlässiges Signal im Gebiet um den Kreml. „Wahrscheinlich gibt es im Kreml seltene Pokemons, und der Wachdienst will vermeiden, dass die Spieler dort auftauchen“, vermutete schon im Juli der beliebte Blogger Ilja Warlamow. Überwachung im Büro: Der Arbeitgeber hört mit Ungefähr zur gleichen Zeit waren Ausfälle bei Fahrern und Nutzern von Taxidiensten im Gespräch. Während sie am Kreml vorbeifuhren, „teleportierte“ sie die Navigation völlig unerwartet auf das Gelände der Flughäfen Wnukowo oder Domodedowo – aus unbekannten Gründen beförderte sie die „Kremlanomalie“ immer gerade dorthin. Das führte dazu, dass Kunden ihre Fahrt als Transfer vom Flughafen berechnet wurde; natürlich für ein Vielfaches des eigentlichen Tarifs. „Jedes Mal, wenn ich ein Taxi zu mir nach Hause bestellt habe, war ich plötzlich in Wnukowo“, schrieb Anna Lapkina bei Facebook.
Der russischen Uber-Vertretung sind die Ausfälle bekannt, aber sie seien „nicht massenhaft“, wie das Unternehmen gegenüber RBTH versichert. „Es nutzen doch alle die sozialen Netzwerke. In der letzten Zeit sind mir nur zwei oder drei Beschwerden zu Ohren gekommen“, sagt Jewgenija Schipowa, Mitarbeiterin des Pressedienstes. „Der Kundendienst hat sich damit beschäftigt und keinerlei Probleme feststellen können.“ „Das ist ein Kampf gegen Drohnen!“ 
Allerdings habe sich die Situation seit dem Sommer nicht gebessert, versichern Nutzer, und ähnliche Ausfälle seien auch in anderen Gebieten Moskaus registriert worden. Im Raum Usowo, unweit der Residenz von Präsident Wladimir Putin, verhalten sich Navigationsgeräte zum Beispiel ebenso merkwürdig. 
Die Ausfälle sind sogar Dmitrij Peskow, dem Pressesprecher des Präsidenten, aufgefallen. „Ich saß vor Kurzem am Wochenende selbst am Steuer und der Yandex-Navigator in meinem Telefon hat mich tatsächlich in ein anderes Gebiet befördert. Mich hat das nicht sonderlich gestört, aber ich habe mich gewundert“, erzählte er und fügte hinzu, dass er nicht wisse, wie es dazu käme. Was passiert, wenn man den Roten Platz mit einer Drohne filmt Warum dies geschieht, versuchte Grigorij Bakunow, Yandex-Direktor für technologischen Ausbau, herauszufinden. Mit einem Rucksack voller Messgeräte ausgerüstet stieg Bakunow auf seinen Segway und fuhr die „unbeständigen Zonen“ ab.
„Ich habe Folgendes herausgefunden: Irgendwo im Kreml steht (oder bewegt sich möglicherweise auch) eine leistungsstarke Sendeeinrichtung. Sie imitiert die Signale von GPS und Glonass“, schreibtder Softwareexperte. „Interessant dabei ist, dass das Scheinsignal einen zum Flughafen Wnukowo schickt. Man kann sich unzählige Theorien überlegen, warum das Signal einen gerade dorthin schickt. Meine persönliche Lieblingstheorie ist der Kampf gegen Drohnen vom Typ DJI und ähnlichen.“ 
Moderne Drohnen nutzen eine Karte, in der Flugverbotszonen ausgegeben sind, und zu diesen Zonen gehören auch alle Flughäfen der Welt. „Es ist unverständlich, warum im Kampf gegen Drohnen das GPS-Signal verändert wird und man die entsprechenden Zonen nicht einfach als verboten kennzeichnet. Aber das liegt natürlich nicht in unserer Kompetenz“, schließt Bakunow. Spekulationen über die Gründe 
Die Theorie des Kampfes gegen Drohnen erscheint den meisten tatsächlich als die überzeugendste. Aller Wahrscheinlichkeit nach will der Föderale Wachdienst FSO auf diese Weise den Kreml vor dem unsanktionierten Eindringen von Drohnen schützen. „Direkt hinter dem Petersturm befindet sich ein Hubschrauberlandeplatz, der regelmäßig von Putin genutzt wird. Ja, er liebt es, mit dem Hubschrauber in den Kreml zu fliegen“, schreibt Warlamow. 
Der FSO weist freilich jegliche Verantwortung für die Navigationsstörungen von sich. „Ja, von den Taxidiensten, den Navigationsausfällen und den Folgen für die Kunden haben wir gehört. Das ging bereits im Sommer los“, sagt ein Vertreter der Behörde im Gespräch mit RBTH und fügt hinzu, dass diese absolut nichts damit zu tun habe. „Ich empfehle, sich an die Softwareentwickler zu wenden und sie zu fragen, was da los ist. Wir sind für die Ausfälle nicht verantwortlich“, erklärt der FSO. Gezielter Speerwurf: Ritter schießt Drohne ab Im Verband der Entwickler, Hersteller und Verbraucher von Glonass-Geräten und -Anwendungen weist man die Schuld ebenso von sich und gibt zu verstehen, dass das Problem „vielerlei Ursachen“ haben könne: Programmausfälle, geomagnetische Felder oder weißes Rauschen kämen durchaus infrage.
„Anton Wajno (neuer Leiter der Präsidialverwaltung – Anm. d. Red.) probiert im Kreml sein Nooskop aus“, machen sich Facebook-Nutzer lustig. Das Wundergerät Nooskop soll es ermöglichen, „das kollektive Bewusstsein der Menschheit zu erforschen“ und existiert lediglich als Konzept. Im August dieses Jahres berichteten russischen Medien umfangreich von entdeckten „wissenschaftlichen Arbeiten“, die dem Nooskop gewidmet waren und deren Verfasser angeblich Wajno ist. 
„Aber es kann sein, dass im Kreml tatsächlich Störsender sind. Sie blockieren die ursprüngliche Information, indem sie Falschsignale senden“, sagt ein Vertreter von Glonass. „Aber warum werden dann potenziell gefährliche Drohnen, an denen man auch Sprengsätze anbringen kann, zum Flughafen – einem anderen strategischen Objekt – geschickt? Welchen Sinn ergibt das? Warum nicht auf ein Feld, warum gerade nach Wnukowo?“ Alle Rechte vorbehalten",0
12831,"Muslim Leaders Wage Theological Battle, Stoking ISIS’ Anger - The New York Times","As the military and political battle against the Islamic State escalates, Muslim imams and scholars in the West are fighting on another front  —   through theology.  Imam Suhaib Webb, a Muslim leader in Washington, has held live monthly video chats to refute the religious claims of the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. In a dig at the extremists, he broadcast from ice cream parlors and called his talks “ISIS and ice cream. ” Sheikh Hamza Yusuf, an American Muslim scholar based in Berkeley, Calif. has pleaded with Muslims not to be deceived by the “stupid young boys” of the Islamic State. Millions have watched excerpts from his sermon titled “The Crisis of ISIS,” in which he wept as he asked God not to blame other Muslims “for what these fools amongst us do. ” It is a religious rumble that barely makes headlines in the secular West since it is carried out at mosques and Islamic conferences and over social media. The Islamic State, however, has taken notice. The group recently threatened the lives of 11 Muslim imams and scholars in the West, calling them “apostates” who should be killed. The recent issue of the Islamic State’s online propaganda magazine, Dabiq, called them “obligatory targets,” and it said that supporters should use any weapons on hand to “make an example of them. ” The danger is real enough that the F. B. I. has contacted some of those named in the Islamic State’s magazine “to assist them in taking proper steps to ensure their safety,” said Andrew Ames, a spokesman for the F. B. I. ’s field office in Washington. The death threats are a sign that Muslim religious leaders have antagonized the Islamic State, according to analysts who are studying the militant group. Their growing influence also contradicts those who claim that Muslim leaders have been silent in the fight against violent extremism. “This is what hurts ISIS the most. It is Muslims speaking out,” said Mubin Shaikh, a Canadian who once joined an extremist Islamist group and now advises governments on countering radicalization. “  is what ISIS is trying to do, whether to silence these people or to silence others as a deterrent. ” Several of the targeted Muslim leaders said in interviews that, while they were taking the threat seriously, they had no intention of backing off. They have hired security guards and fortified their workplaces, and some keep guns at home. “It’s an honor to be denounced by ISIS,” said Imam Webb, who frequently engages young Muslims over social media, whether on YouTube, Facebook, Periscope or Snapchat. “I consider it one of my greatest accomplishments in life. ” “It has only reinvigorated me,” he said, “to provide the antivenom to the poison of ISIS. ” These Muslim leaders say they are responding to fellow believers who are looking for a religiously based rebuke to violent movements that claim to be acting in the name of Islam. They say that extremist groups like the Islamic State are a threat not just to civil society and security, but to the future of their faith. Sheikh Yasir Qadhi, who is based in Tennessee and runs a popular Islamic educational institute, thundered against the Islamic State in a Friday sermon at one of Europe’s largest mosques in March, only three days after the group’s suicide bombers had attacked the Brussels airport and train station. “None of our senior scholars of any school  —   any school  —   has justified these deeds,” Sheikh Qadhi said at the East London Mosque. He argued that the terrorist attacks of recent years had clearly violated Islamic teaching because they “cause more harm than good,” bringing more bombs, more drones and more chaos to Muslim communities, he said. “Who has benefited? Please use the intelligence that Allah gave you,” he said. “These radical groups have harmed the image of Islam infinitely more than all of the foreign policy of Western lands combined. ” These scholars ridicule the Islamic State’s claim to have created a “caliphate” ruled by a successor to the Islamic prophet, Muhammad. Instead, in a highly effective bit of rebranding, they call the Islamic State Kharijites, a reviled group of Muslims who killed women and children and rebelled against the caliphs in the seventh century. The imams named by the Islamic State are based in the United States, Canada, Britain and Australia. They represent a broad spectrum of Islamic thought  —   from spiritual Sufis to puritanical Salafis, and even the more militant “Salafi Jihadis. ” To the Islamic State’s propagandists, it does not matter that the imams are fervent Muslims or critics of American foreign policy: They are all “unbelievers,” just like the Shiite Muslims, Christians and Yazidis that the Islamic State has killed by the thousands in Iraq, Libya, Syria and elsewhere. This is not the first time that the Islamic State has targeted Muslim leaders in the United States, but this is the longest list yet. It includes Sheikh Hisham Kabbani, a Lebanese Sufi now based mostly in Michigan who has been warning for years about rising extremism. The list also includes   preachers such as Bilal Philips, a Canadian convert who has been barred from several countries because of allegations that he preaches extremism Tawfique Chowdhury, an Australian doctor who founded organizations and charities that propagate orthodox views of Islam and Abu Basir   a Syrian preacher based in London who has spoken in support of Al Qaeda, according to news reports. Cole Bunzel, a scholar at Princeton University studying Islamic history and jihadist ideology, said, “What ISIS is saying is that even if you support Al Qaeda, even if you’re a supporter of someone like Tartusi, you’re still not on team Islam. ” The Islamic State’s magazine also targeted American Muslims in government, such as Representative Keith Ellison of Minnesota Huma Abedin, a longtime top aide to Hillary Clinton and Mohamed Elibiary, a Texas Republican and former adviser to the Department of Homeland Security. Several terrorism experts said that an attack on any of these people was more likely to happen abroad than in the United States, but that all it would take is one deluded or mentally unbalanced “lone wolf. ” In March, a popular Saudi preacher, Sheikh Aaidh   was shot and wounded by a gunman in the Philippines, soon after the Islamic State’s online magazine had put him on a list of “apostate” Saudi scholars. Sheikh Qarni, who writes Islamic inspirational books and has nearly 13 million followers on Twitter, had just given a lecture at Western Mindanao State University, and his assailant was an engineering student. The effort to undermine the Islamic State using religion is not just a Western phenomenon. In January, Muslim leaders from around the world gathered in Morocco and produced the Marrakesh Declaration, which denounces Muslim oppression of religious minorities. The Organization of Islamic Cooperation, which represents 57 Muslim countries, recently endorsed the declaration. Sheikh Hamza will soon air a television series in the Middle East, “Rihla With Sheikh Hamza Yusuf” (rihla is “quest” in Arabic). The show applies traditional Islamic scholarship to contemporary challenges in the Muslim world, and it includes strong messages against extremism  —   which Sheikh Hamza said amounts to “swatting the hornet’s nest again. ” It is likely to be seen in Iraq and Syria, the Islamic State’s strongholds, he said. Sheikh Qadhi, however, said that, based on several frightening experiences recently in Tennessee, he has more to fear from     than from adherents of the Islamic State. “I’m not scared of ISIS in America,” he said. “I feel very safe in every mosque I go to. But I am scared of other people in this land who are very ignorant and bigoted. ” He said he had gotten used to being vilified by both sides: “The right wing is calling me a stealth jihadist. And ISIS is calling me a sellout. We challenge both of their narratives, even as their narratives feed into each other. ”",0
12832,"Your Tuesday Evening Briefing: Hillary Clinton, Donald J. Trump, Kabul - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1.  Donald J. Trump trounced his Republican rivals in the New York primary, according to The Associated Press, and extended his delegate lead. The victory was a crucial one for Mr. Trump and again demonstrated the broad appeal of his populist message with Republican voters. _____ 2. Hillary Clinton was expected to do well in her adopted home state, and despite facing a strong challenge from Senator Bernie Sanders, she did. Her win puts Mr. Sanders on the defensive, facing an even larger deficit as he scrambles for delegates. _____ 3. A Taliban truck bombing in Afghanistan’s capital claimed at least 30 lives and wounded more than 300 people. It was the deadliest attack in Kabul since 2011, boosting fears about the militants’ ability and willingness to infiltrate cities as part of their annual spring offensive, which was announced last week. _____ 4. A federal appeals court ruled that Title IX, the federal law that bars gender discrimination in schools, protected the right of a transgender student in Virginia to use the restroom of his choice. The ruling comes amid a nationwide debate on that issue. The student said the decision “gives me hope that my fight will help other kids avoid discriminatory treatment at school. ” _____ 5. President Obama will pay a visit to a jittery Saudi Arabia on Wednesday. The country’s leaders, reeling from low oil prices and competition with Iran, count the White House as another source of discomfort because they doubt that the president shares their vision for the Middle East. Their worry was compounded last month when he criticized the Saudis as “free riders. ” _____ 6. Hillary Clinton isn’t the only New Yorker with a distaste for MetroCards. The Metropolitan Transportation Authority outlined plans on Monday to replace the flimsy yellow cards, which were introduced in the New York City subways in 1993. But don’t throw out your extras just yet. The changes won’t go into effect until at least 2018. _____ 7. Google could face charges in Europe as soon as this week that it unfairly used its Android phone software to promote its own services, including maps and search, over competitors’. Although the company denies it breached any laws, the   charges would represent a major setback as it tries to strengthen its position in the global mobile market. _____ 8. Peter Liang, who was a New York City police officer when he fatally shot a    unarmed black man, Akai Gurley, in a Brooklyn housing project stairwell in 2014, avoided a prison term. He was instead sentenced in State Supreme Court to five years’ probation in the divisive police misconduct case, the exact punishment sought by the  prosecutor. Leaving the courtroom, Mr. Gurley’s aunt cried out: “There is no justice! Akai Gurley’s life didn’t matter!” _____ 9. To marijuana advocates, largely liberal New England is the natural next front for legalization. But given an epidemic of opiate abuse, the region’s authorities may be less than open to the idea of expanding access to any illicit substance. The Massachusetts attorney general, a Democrat, said the “effort at legalization seems to be directly at odds” with efforts to help addicts. _____ 10. Brett Weber is neither a player nor a coach for the Yankees, but he can have as much influence on the outcome of a game as anyone else in pinstripes. The team’s video replay monitor, Mr. Weber alerts the coaching staff to umpire calls he thinks should be challenged. Since replay began in 2014, the Yankees have had baseball’s highest success rate at overturning calls. _____ 11. It took the spy novelist John le Carré (legal name David Cornwell) a while to come around to this   golden age of television: “The Night Manager,” a   based on his 1993 book, is the first   adaptation of his work in 25 years. Starring Tom Hiddleston and Hugh Laurie, it premieres tonight at 10 o’clock Eastern on AMC. (Because of a transcription error, Mr. Cornwell’s last name was misspelled earlier.) _____ 12. Beyoncé’s coming projects are held as close as state secrets. Details about her “Lemonade” broadcast, airing Saturday night on HBO, have been scarce, and USA Today resorted to anonymous sourcing just to report that it would be a “  special. ” Fans, mindful of the music videos that accompanied Beyoncé’s last proper album release, hope the show offers a new one. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
12833,Why Do People Become Cuckservatives?,"Cuckservatism is a topic that has previously been discussed in detail on Return Of Kings , in articles and comments sections alike. The underlying reason that this topic is the focus of a great deal of discussion is because its roots are deeply steeped in both cowardice and betrayal.
While our readership is well acquainted with the political and social implications of cuckservatism, there is also a need to also discuss its behavioral roots. To accomplish this task, I used my social media accounts to examine connections of mine who displayed all of the classic red flags associated with cuckservatism. I then searched for common traits that they possessed based on the nature of their rants or posts.
The three characteristics listed below represent key factors which, in my opinion, are necessary for any individual to transform from an otherwise normal person into a cuck. If we can understand these factors, this will enable us to develop a more comprehensive strategy for rendering them irrelevant, apart from merely ignoring them.
Political Naiveté Nothing screams political naivety more than voting for a last minute candidate who considers himself a “conservative” alternative to Trump.
This factor represents the first step that one must take to become a cuckservative, because it entails believing in a series of premises that are patently false. Political naiveté can include simpler forms, such as believing in the wage gap or that illegal immigrants are natural republicans. Conversely, political naiveté can also be more complex, in that an individual afflicted with it might believe in equality as a virtue or that a democratic two party system is the best form of government. 
A perfect example of this can be seen in my friends and associates who blindly believe in the Constitution. These individuals refuse to vote for anyone other than a “constitutionalist,” and their sole metric for judging candidates is the implications of an obscure constitutional issue that only they care about. This perspective is indicative of political naiveé because the globalists who run our political system jettisoned any belief in the Constitution and rule of law decades ago. For them, the Constitution is merely a convenient rubber stamp used to justify unpopular political decisions. 
Accordingly, anyone who votes ONLY for candidates with such narrow viewpoints is naively playing into the hands of globalists because they fail to understand that the Constitution will only function in a nation that’s virtuous and willing to abide by its principles. 
If the United States continues on its current demographic track, we will eventually import a new population that not only despises original American values, but would also actively vote to eliminate them. The Constitution will provide no protections if this occurs, because these people will simply ignore it, invoking arguably the most important phrase in all of American legal history . 
To fail to understand these stakes when considering one’s voting patterns, instead opting to emulate the local revolutionary war re-enactors, is a hallmark trait of a cuckservative. 
Lack Of Self Confidence A Cuckservative would never get this far.
Lack of self-confidence, and the feelings of doubt that serve as its foundation, represents a second symptom of cuckservatism, which is why Return Of Kings has countless articles on how to acquire and maintain self-confidence as a form of preventative medicine. 
Doubts as to one’s chances of success, coupled with fear and the innate need for self-preservation, can easily shatter most people. In such moments of weakness, it’s very easy for a person to do a 180 and to do something that they would normally find revolting. Conversely, if one steadfastly believes in their convictions and themselves, their self-confidence will become stronger. This is true even in situations when seemingly the entire world is against them. 
The following clip is from an interview that Jeb Bush did with Lester Holt during the Republican Primary, and is an excellent illustration of how a lack of self-confidence can lead to powerlessness and a lack of control over one’s surroundings. 

From the very beginning of this clip, Jeb’s lack of self confidence is readily apparent. Whether it was the fact that he was too far hunched over in his seat, his attempts to curb his nervousness by forcing himself to smile or laugh, or the fact that he rarely made eye contact with Lester Holt, any ability that he has to project himself was undermined by his body language.
An even deeper sign of his lack of self-confidence begins at 0:45 in the video, when Holt proceeds to ask him why he didn’t frame the Charleston shooting as an act of “racism.” In this situation, if asked such a question in any setting, an individual has one of two choices. If he is self-confident, he would turn the question back on Lester Holt by saying that racism is a social construct and the only people who care about it are limp-wristed losers.
However, if one is like Jeb and lacks self-confidence, their response to this situation will be to immediately try to “compromise” by acknowledging the premise raised by someone like Lester Holt and then spend the rest of the interview trying to show that they’re not a bad person. This was the approach that Jeb used, and it demonstrated to Lester Holt that he was weak, which then led to Lester forcing Jeb to backtrack and question his own decision to support Stand Your Ground laws during his tenure as Florida’s governor.
A lack of self-confidence, as evidenced by Jeb’s failure to retain control over his surroundings during his interview with Lester Holt, highlights a classic character trait shared by cuckservatives. The only answer that I can come up with, as to why this trait is so prevalent, is that it might be a product of their childhood that they haven’t been able to get over.
In a way, the archetypal cuck was likely bullied or mistreated as a child, but has never learned how to fight back or to love being hated by others. Because of this, they never developed the necessary level of self-confidence to succeed in life, which eventually translates over to their politics.
They Want To Be Friends With Everyone How to destroy a political movement established by one’s father in one fell swoop.
Having grown up in the leftist Northeast, and considering that I still live and work there, I’m used to being in the political minority. My coping mechanisms for this situation consisted of (unknowingly) embracing key tenets of the Alternative Right, and knowing how to pick my political fights. Additionally, I also resolved to never be friendly with or ever trust anyone from the political left, a decision that has been vindicated over the last several years. 
Unfortunately, my approach is not a popular one amongst political dissidents in my region. This is because many of them, having grown up with leftists, simply view their political disagreements as a series of gentlemanly differences that they can put aside over a few beers. They refuse to believe that leftists and SJWs hate anyone who even slightly disagrees with them and, like women, view weak men as easy targets. 
Accordingly, when faced with the choice of staying true to their beliefs or “moderating” them in order to ensure that they get invited to the next sushi night, art showing or paint nite; the cuckservatives that I know will roll over every time. Specifically, they’ll profess support for third party “libertarian” or “constitutional” candidates, while supporting a slightly less-liberal version of their leftist friends’ politics. 
This tendency demonstrates a key principle that most cuckservatives subconsciously hold: they want to be liked by everyone, and will therefore do anything they can to make this happen, even if it means betraying themselves and their own beliefs in the process. When does adopting this attitude ever lead to success in life? 
If a child keeps getting beat up by a schoolyard bully, should they cower in the bully’s presence and act as his lackey in order to avoid getting hurt? We all know that such an approach is worthless and that the only way to respond is to fight back, yet these people adopt the same approach when dealing with the political equivalent of a schoolyard bully. Perhaps their reason for trying to be friends with globalists and trying to appease them by being moderate stems from the way in which they handled problems in childhood, however that issue itself is another topic that deserves discussion by itself. 
Is There A Remedy For These Character Flaws? Even if we understand these characteristics, and can think of active ways to subvert cuckservatism, we will not be entirely successful. Most people who fall under this category have been psychologically conditioned to act this way, meaning that much of our attempts to open their eyes will fall on deaf ears. I have no sympathy for these people because they’ve never had the internal drive or fortitude necessary to overcome adversity, and would rather wallow in misery while also pulling others into the abyss with them. 
However, there are always a couple that might show potential. These individuals might only be seen by us as cuckservatives because they imitated others around them, while lacking a positive role model that could show them the truth. The greatest service we can do for these select few is to identify them and prove that there is a viable alternative .
If 25 cents a day can supposedly help a starving African family have rice for six months, then us acting as positive role models to our weaker brethren will help them immeasurably while also advancing our own cause.
Read More: David French’s Candidacy For President Shows That Cuckservatives Can’t Stop Donald Trump 
",0
12834,The Modern History of ‘Rigged’ US Election,"By Robert Parry
The United States is so committed to the notion that its electoral process is the world’s “gold standard” that there has been a bipartisan determination to maintain the fiction even when evidence is overwhelming that a U.S. presidential election has been manipulated or stolen. The “wise men” of the system simply insist otherwise.
We have seen this behavior when there are serious questions of vote tampering (as in Election 1960) or when a challenger apparently exploits a foreign crisis to create an advantage over the incumbent (as in Elections 1968 and 1980) or when the citizens’ judgment is overturned by judges (as in Election 2000).
Presidents Richard Nixon, George H.W. Bush and Ronald Reagan photographed together in the Oval Office in 1991. (Cropped from a White House photo that also included Presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter.)
Strangely, in such cases, it is not only the party that benefited which refuses to accept the evidence of wrongdoing, but the losing party and the establishment news media as well. Protecting the perceived integrity of the U.S. democratic process is paramount. Americans must continue to believe in the integrity of the system even when that integrity has been violated.
The harsh truth is that pursuit of power often trumps the principle of an informed electorate choosing the nation’s leaders, but that truth simply cannot be recognized.
Of course, historically, American democracy was far from perfect, excluding millions of people, including African-American slaves and women. The compromises needed to enact the Constitution in 1787 also led to distasteful distortions, such as counting slaves as three-fifths of a person for the purpose of representation (although obviously slaves couldn’t vote).
That unsavory deal enabled Thomas Jefferson to defeat John Adams in the pivotal national election of 1800. In effect, the votes of Southern slave owners like Jefferson counted substantially more than the votes of Northern non-slave owners.
Even after the Civil War when the Constitution was amended to give black men voting rights, the reality for black voting, especially in the South, was quite different from the new constitutional mandate. Whites in former Confederate states concocted subterfuges to keep blacks away from the polls to ensure continued white supremacy for almost a century.
Women did not gain suffrage until 1920 with the passage of another constitutional amendment, and it took federal legislation in 1965 to clear away legal obstacles that Southern states had created to deny the franchise to blacks.
Indeed, the alleged voter fraud in Election 1960, concentrated largely in Texas, a former Confederate state and home to John Kennedy’s vice presidential running mate, Lyndon Johnson, could be viewed as an outgrowth of the South’s heritage of rigging elections in favor of Democrats, the post-Civil War party of white Southerners.
However, by pushing through civil rights for blacks in the 1960s, Kennedy and Johnson earned the enmity of many white Southerners who switched their allegiance to the Republican Party via Richard Nixon’s Southern strategy of coded racial messaging. Nixon also harbored resentments over what he viewed as his unjust defeat in the election of 1960.
Nixon’s ‘Treason’ So, by 1968, the Democrats’ once solid South was splintering, but Nixon, who was again the Republican presidential nominee, didn’t want to leave his chances of winning what looked to be another close election to chance. Nixon feared that — with the Vietnam War raging and the Democratic Party deeply divided — President Johnson could give the Democratic nominee, Vice President Hubert Humphrey, a decisive boost by reaching a last-minute peace deal with North Vietnam.
President Richard Nixon with his then-National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger in 1972.
The documentary and testimonial evidence is now clear that to avert a peace deal, Nixon’s campaign went behind Johnson’s back to persuade South Vietnamese President Nguyen van Thieu to torpedo Johnson’s Paris peace talks by refusing to attend. Nixon’s emissaries assured Thieu that a President Nixon would continue the war and guarantee a better outcome for South Vietnam.
Though Johnson had strong evidence of what he privately called Nixon’s “treason” — from FBI wiretaps in the days before the 1968 election — he and his top advisers chose to stay silent. In a Nov. 4, 1968 conference call , Secretary of State Dean Rusk, National Security Advisor Walt Rostow and Defense Secretary Clark Clifford – three pillars of the Establishment – expressed that consensus, with Clifford explaining the thinking:
“Some elements of the story are so shocking in their nature that I’m wondering whether it would be good for the country to disclose the story and then possibly have a certain individual [Nixon] elected,” Clifford said. “It could cast his whole administration under such doubt that I think it would be inimical to our country’s interests.”
Clifford’s words expressed the recurring thinking whenever evidence emerged casting the integrity of America’s electoral system in doubt, especially at the presidential level. The American people were not to know what kind of dirty deeds could affect that process.
To this day, the major U.S. news media will not directly address the issue of Nixon’s treachery in 1968, despite the wealth of evidence proving this historical reality now available from declassified records at the Johnson presidential library in Austin, Texas. In a puckish recognition of this ignored history, the library’s archivists call the file on Nixon’s sabotage of the Vietnam peace talks their “X-file.” [For details, see Consortiumnews.com’s “ LBJ’s ‘X-File’ on Nixon’s ‘Treason. ’”]
The evidence also strongly suggests that Nixon’s paranoia about a missing White House file detailing his “treason” – top secret documents that Johnson had entrusted to Rostow at the end of LBJ’s presidency – led to Nixon’s creation of the “plumbers,” a team of burglars whose first assignment was to locate those purloined papers. The existence of the “plumbers” became public in June 1972 when they were caught breaking into the Democratic National Committee’s headquarters at the Watergate in Washington.
National Security Adviser Walt Rostow shows President Lyndon Johnson a model of a battle near Khe Sanh in Vietnam. (U.S. Archive Photo)
Although the Watergate scandal remains the archetypal case of election-year dirty tricks, the major U.S. news media never acknowledge the link between Watergate and Nixon’s far more egregious dirty trick four years earlier, sinking Johnson’s Vietnam peace talks while 500,000 American soldiers were in the war zone. In part because of Nixon’s sabotage — and his promise to Thieu of a more favorable outcome — the war continued for four more bloody years before being settled along the lines that were available to Johnson in 1968. [See Consortiumnews.com’s “ The Heinous Crime Behind Watergate .”]
In effect, Watergate gets walled off as some anomaly that is explained by Nixon’s strange personality. However, even though Nixon resigned in disgrace in 1974, he and his National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger, who also had a hand in the Paris peace talk caper, reappear as secondary players in the next well-documented case of obstructing a sitting president’s foreign policy to get an edge in the 1980 campaign.
Reagan’s ‘October Surprise’ Caper In that case, President Jimmy Carter was seeking reelection and trying to negotiate release of 52 American hostages then held in revolutionary Iran. Ronald Reagan’s campaign feared that Carter might pull off an “October Surprise” by bringing home the hostages just before the election. So, this historical mystery has been: Did Reagan’s team take action to block Carter’s October Surprise?
President Ronald Reagan, delivering his Inaugural Address on Jan. 20, 1981, as the 52 U.S. hostages in Iran are simultaneously released.
The testimonial and documentary evidence that Reagan’s team did engage in a secret operation to prevent Carter’s October Surprise is now almost as overwhelming as the proof of the 1968 affair regarding Nixon’s Paris peace talk maneuver.
That evidence indicates that Reagan’s campaign director William Casey organized a clandestine effort to prevent the hostages’ release before Election Day, after apparently consulting with Nixon and Kissinger and aided by former CIA Director George H.W. Bush, who was Reagan’s vice presidential running mate.
By early November 1980, the public’s obsession with Iran’s humiliation of the United States and Carter’s inability to free the hostages helped turn a narrow race into a Reagan landslide. When the hostages were finally let go immediately after Reagan’s inauguration on Jan. 20, 1981, his supporters cited the timing to claim that the Iranians had finally relented out of fear of Reagan.
Bolstered by his image as a tough guy, Reagan enacted much of his right-wing agenda, including passing massive tax cuts benefiting the wealthy, weakening unions and creating the circumstances for the rapid erosion of the Great American Middle Class.
Behind the scenes, the Reagan administration signed off on secret arms shipments to Iran, mostly through Israel, what a variety of witnesses described as the payoff for Iran’s cooperation in getting Reagan elected and then giving him the extra benefit of timing the hostage release to immediately follow his inauguration.
Then-Vice President George H.W. Bush with CIA Director William Casey at the White House on Feb. 11, 1981. (Photo credit: Reagan Library)
In summer 1981, when Assistant Secretary of State for the Middle East Nicholas Veliotes learned about the arms shipments to Iran, he checked on their origins and said, later in a PBS interview:
“It was clear to me after my conversations with people on high that indeed we had agreed that the Israelis could transship to Iran some American-origin military equipment. … [This operation] seems to have started in earnest in the period probably prior to the election of 1980, as the Israelis had identified who would become the new players in the national security area in the Reagan administration. And I understand some contacts were made at that time.”
Those early covert arms shipments to Iran evolved into a later secret set of arms deals that surfaced in fall 1986 as the Iran-Contra Affair, with some of the profits getting recycled back to Reagan’s beloved Nicaraguan Contra rebels fighting to overthrow Nicaragua’s leftist government.
While many facts of the Iran-Contra scandal were revealed by congressional and special-prosecutor investigations in the late 1980s and early 1990s, the origins of the Reagan-Iran relationship was always kept hazy. The Republicans were determined to stop any revelations about the 1980 contacts, but the Democrats were almost as reluctant to go there.
A half-hearted congressional inquiry was launched in 1991 and depended heavily on then-President George H.W. Bush to collect the evidence and arrange interviews for the investigation. In other words, Bush, who was then seeking reelection and who was a chief suspect in the secret dealings with Iran, was entrusted with proving his own guilt.
Tired of the Story By the early 1990s, the mainstream U.S. news media was also tired of the complex Iran-Contra scandal and wanted to move on. As a correspondent at Newsweek, I had battled senior editors over their disinterest in getting to the bottom of the scandal before I left the magazine in 1990. I then received an assignment from PBS Frontline to look into the 1980 “October Surprise” question, which led to a documentary on the subject in April 1991.
PBS Frontline’s: The Election Held Hostage, co-written by Robert Parry and Robert Ross.
However, by fall 1991, just as Congress was agreeing to open an investigation, my ex-bosses at Newsweek, along with The New Republic, then an elite neoconservative publication interested in protecting Israel’s exposure on those early arms deals, went on the attack. They published matching cover stories deeming the 1980 “October Surprise” case a hoax, but their articles were both based on a misreading of documents recording Casey’s attendance at a conference in London in July 1980, which he seemed to have used as a cover for a side trip to Madrid to meet with senior Iranians regarding the hostages.
Although the bogus Newsweek/New Republic “London alibi” would eventually be debunked, it created a hostile climate for the investigation. With Bush angrily denying everything and the congressional Republicans determined to protect the President’s flanks, the Democrats mostly just went through the motions of an investigation.
Meanwhile, Bush’s State Department and White House counsel’s office saw their jobs as discrediting the investigation, deep-sixing incriminating documents, and helping a key witness dodge a congressional subpoena.
Years later, I discovered a document at the Bush presidential library in College Station, Texas, confirming that Casey had taken a mysterious trip to Madrid in 1980. The U.S. Embassy’s confirmation of Casey’s trip was passed along by State Department legal adviser Edwin D. Williamson to Associate White House Counsel Chester Paul Beach Jr. in early November 1991, just as the congressional inquiry was taking shape.
Williamson said that among the State Department “material potentially relevant to the October Surprise allegations [was]a cable from the Madrid embassy indicating that Bill Casey was in town, for purposes unknown,” Beach noted in a “ memorandum for record ” dated Nov. 4, 1991.
Two days later, on Nov. 6, Beach’s boss, White House counsel C. Boyden Gray, convened an inter-agency strategy session and explained the need to contain the congressional investigation into the October Surprise case. The explicit goal was to ensure the scandal would not hurt President Bush’s reelection hopes in 1992.
C. Boyden Gray, White House counsel under President George H.W. Bush.
At the meeting, Gray laid out how to thwart the October Surprise inquiry, which was seen as a dangerous expansion of the Iran-Contra investigation. The prospect that the two sets of allegations would merge into a single narrative represented a grave threat to George H.W. Bush’s reelection campaign. As assistant White House counsel Ronald vonLembke, put it , the White House goal in 1991 was to “kill/spike this story.”
Gray explained the stakes at the White House strategy session. “Whatever form they ultimately take, the House and Senate ‘October Surprise’ investigations, like Iran-Contra, will involve interagency concerns and be of special interest to the President,” Gray declared, according to minutes . [Emphasis in original.]
Among “touchstones” cited by Gray were “No Surprises to the White House, and Maintain Ability to Respond to Leaks in Real Time. This is Partisan.” White House “talking points” on the October Surprise investigation urged restricting the inquiry to 1979-80 and imposing strict time limits for issuing any findings.
Timid Democrats But Bush’s White House really had little to fear because whatever evidence that the congressional investigation received – and a great deal arrived in December 1992 and January 1993 – there was no stomach for actually proving that the 1980 Reagan campaign had conspired with Iranian radicals to extend the captivity of 52 Americans in order to ensure Reagan’s election victory.
Former Rep. Lee Hamilton, D-Indiana.
That would have undermined the faith of the American people in their democratic process – and that, as Clark Clifford said in the 1968 context, would not be “good for the country.”
In 2014 when I sent a copy of Beach’s memo regarding Casey’s trip to Madrid to former Rep. Lee Hamilton, D-Indiana, who had chaired the October Surprise inquiry in 1991-93, he told me that it had shaken his confidence in the task force’s dismissive conclusions about the October Surprise issue.
“The [Bush-41] White House did not notify us that he [Casey] did make the trip” to Madrid, Hamilton told me. “Should they have passed that on to us? They should have because they knew we were interested in that.”
Asked if knowledge that Casey had traveled to Madrid might have changed the task force’s dismissive October Surprise conclusion, Hamilton said yes, because the question of the Madrid trip was key to the task force’s investigation.
“If the White House knew that Casey was there, they certainly should have shared it with us,” Hamilton said, adding that “you have to rely on people” in authority to comply with information requests. But that trust was at the heart of the inquiry’s failure. With the money and power of the American presidency at stake, the idea that George H.W. Bush and his team would help an investigation that might implicate him in an act close to treason was naïve in the extreme.
Arguably, Hamilton’s timid investigation was worse than no investigation at all because it gave Bush’s team the opportunity to search out incriminating documents and make them disappear. Then, Hamilton’s investigative conclusion reinforced the “group think” dismissing this serious manipulation of democracy as a “conspiracy theory” when it was anything but. In the years since, Hamilton hasn’t done anything to change the public impression that the Reagan campaign was innocent.
Still, among the few people who have followed this case, the October Surprise cover-up would slowly crumble with admissions by officials involved in the investigation that its exculpatory conclusions were rushed , that crucial evidence had been hidden or ignored , and that some alibis for key Republicans didn’t make any sense .
But the dismissive “group think” remains undisturbed as far as the major U.S. media and mainstream historians are concerned. [For details, see Robert Parry’s America’s Stolen Narrative or Trick or Treason: The 1980 October Surprise Mystery or Consortiumnews.com’s “ Second Thoughts on October Surprise. ”]
Past as Prologue Lee Hamilton’s decision to “clear” Reagan and Bush of the 1980 October Surprise suspicions in 1992 was not simply a case of miswriting history. The findings had clear implications for the future as well, since the public impression about George H.W. Bush’s rectitude was an important factor in the support given to his oldest son, George W. Bush, in 2000.
President George W. Bush is introduced by his brother Florida Gov. Jeb Bush before delivering remarks at Sun City Center, Florida, on May 9, 2006. (White House photo by Eric Draper)
Indeed, if the full truth had been told about the father’s role in the October Surprise and Iran-Contra cases, it’s hard to imagine that his son would have received the Republican nomination, let alone made a serious run for the White House. And, if that history were known, there might have been a stronger determination on the part of Democrats to resist another Bush “stolen election” in 2000.
Regarding Election 2000, the evidence is now clear that Vice President Al Gore not only won the national popular vote but received more votes that were legal under Florida law than did George W. Bush. But Bush relied first on the help of officials working for his brother, Gov. Jeb Bush, and then on five Republican justices on the U.S. Supreme Court to thwart a full recount and to award him Florida’s electoral votes and thus the presidency.
The reality of Gore’s rightful victory should have finally become clear in November 2001 when a group of news organizations finished their own examination of Florida’s disputed ballots and released their tabulations showing that Gore would have won if all ballots considered legal under Florida law were counted.
However, between the disputed election and the release of those numbers, the 9/11 attacks had occurred, so The New York Times, The Washington Post, CNN and other leading outlets did not want the American people to know that the wrong person was in the White House. Surely, telling the American people that fact amid the 9/11 crisis would not be “good for the country.”
So, senior editors at all the top new organizations decided to mislead the public by framing their stories in a deceptive way to obscure the most newsworthy discovery – that the so-called “over-votes” in which voters both checked and wrote in their choices’ names broke heavily for Gore and would have put him over the top regardless of which kinds of chads were considered for the “under-votes” that hadn’t registered on antiquated voting machines. “Over-votes” would be counted under Florida law which bases its standards on “clear intent of the voter.”
However, instead of leading with Gore’s rightful victory, the news organizations concocted hypotheticals around partial recounts that still would have given Florida narrowly to Bush. They either left out or buried the obvious lede that a historic injustice had occurred.
Former Vice President Al Gore. (Photo credit: algore.com)
On Nov. 12, 2001, the day that the news organizations ran those stories, I examined the actual data and quickly detected the evidence of Gore’s victory. In a story that day, I suggested that senior news executives were exercising a misguided sense of patriotism. They had hid the reality for “the good of the country,” much as Johnson’s team had done in 1968 regarding Nixon’s sabotage of the Paris peace talks and Hamilton’s inquiry had done regarding the 1980 “October Surprise” case.
Within a couple of hours of my posting the article at Consortiumnews.com, I received an irate phone call from The New York Times media writer Felicity Barringer, who accused me of impugning the journalistic integrity of then-Times executive editor Howell Raines. I got the impression that Barringer had been on the look-out for some deviant story that didn’t accept the Bush-won conventional wisdom.
However, this violation of objective and professional journalism – bending the slant of a story to achieve a preferred outcome rather than simply giving the readers the most interesting angle – was not simply about some historical event that had occurred a year earlier. It was about the future.
By misleading Americans into thinking that Bush was the rightful winner of Election 2000 – even if the media’s motivation was to maintain national unity following the 9/11 attacks – the major news outlets gave Bush greater latitude to respond to the crisis, including the diversionary invasion of Iraq under false pretenses. The Bush-won headlines of November 2001 also enhanced the chances of his reelection in 2004. [For the details of how a full Florida recount would have given Gore the White House, see Consortiumnews.com’s “ Gore’s Victory ,” “ So Bush Did Steal the White House ,” and “ Bush v. Gore’s Dark American Decade. ”]
A Phalanx of Misguided Consensus Looking back on these examples of candidates manipulating democracy, there appears to be one common element: after the “stolen” elections, the media and political establishments quickly line up, shoulder to shoulder, to assure the American people that nothing improper has happened. Graceful “losers” are patted on the back for not complaining that the voters’ will had been ignored or twisted.
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
Al Gore is praised for graciously accepting the extraordinary ruling by Republican partisans on the Supreme Court, who stopped the counting of ballots in Florida on the grounds, as Justice Antonin Scalia said, that a count that showed Gore winning (when the Court’s majority was already planning to award the White House to Bush) would undermine Bush’s “legitimacy.”
Similarly, Rep. Hamilton is regarded as a modern “wise man,” in part, because he conducted investigations that never pushed very hard for the truth but rather reached conclusions that were acceptable to the powers-that-be, that didn’t ruffle too many feathers.
But the cumulative effect of all these half-truths, cover-ups and lies – uttered for “the good of the country” – is to corrode the faith of many well-informed Americans about the legitimacy of the entire process. It is the classic parable of the boy who cried wolf too many times, or in this case, assured the townspeople that there never was a wolf and that they should ignore the fact that the livestock had mysteriously disappeared leaving behind only a trail of blood into the forest.
So, when Donald Trump shows up in 2016 insisting that the electoral system is rigged against him, many Americans choose to believe his demagogy. But Trump isn’t pressing for the full truth about the elections of 1968 or 1980 or 2000. He actually praises Republicans implicated in those cases and vows to appoint Supreme Court justices in the mold of the late Antonin Scalia.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.
Trump’s complaints about “rigged” elections are more in line with the white Southerners during Jim Crow, suggesting that black and brown people are cheating at the polls and need to have white poll monitors to make sure they don’t succeed at “stealing” the election from white people.
There is a racist undertone to Trump’s version of a “rigged” democracy but he is not entirely wrong about the flaws in the process. He’s just not honest about what those flaws are.
The hard truth is that the U.S. political process is not democracy’s “gold standard”; it is and has been a severely flawed system that is not made better by a failure to honestly address the unpleasant realities and to impose accountability on politicians who cheat the voters.
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America’s Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com ). 
Source: Consortium News 
Via: Global Research 
",0
12836,Owner of a Modigliani Portrait Is Adamant the Work Isn’t Nazi Loot - The New York Times,"PARIS  —   The art dealer and billionaire David Nahmad says he is well aware of the scornful whispers that trail him when he travels to Brazil, to New York. He says he feels the disapproving stares when he enters his synagogue at home in Monaco. “People say, ‘Oh, David stole it he should give it back immediately,’” Mr. Nahmad said in a rare interview at a hotel here. “It” is a valuable painting by Modigliani, an oil portrait of a dapper chocolate merchant in a hat and tie, seated and holding a cane. A Nahmad holding company bought the work at auction in 1996 and has owned it ever since. But the grandson of a Jewish antiques dealer says it is the same work that was confiscated from his relative’s Paris shop during the Nazi occupation and sold off more than 70 years ago. For almost five years, the grandson, Philippe Maestracci, and a company specializing in recovering looted art have pressed a claim in New York state and federal courts for the work, once estimated to be worth as much as $25 million. Mr. Nahmad, the scion of a family of international art dealers, remains adamant that he will not settle. He is basing much of his stance on a French court record from 1947 that he says casts doubt on whether his painting is the same Modigliani that the antique dealer, Oscar Stettiner, tried to recover after World War II. The court paper, filed in connection with Mr. Stettiner’s 1946 claim to regain the painting, describes it as a Modigliani   not an image of a chocolate merchant. But there is conflicting evidence cited by Mr. Maestracci, including the provenance listed when the Nahmad holding company unsuccessfully tried to sell the disputed painting, “Seated Man With a Cane,” through Sotheby’s in 2008. In its sale materials, the auction house listed “Stettiner” as a possible previous owner of the painting and said it had then been sold anonymously in Paris between 1940 and 1945. “I think the evidence is overwhelming,” James Palmer, whose Mondex Company is trying to reclaim the Modigliani painting for Mr. Maestracci, said in an interview from Italy. In recent months, much of the conversation over the work has focused not on the particulars of its provenance but on whether Mr. Nahmad went to great lengths to conceal his ownership. Technically, the painting is owned by the International Art Center, a holding company that controls many masterpieces, from Monets to Picassos, and has long been known as a Nahmad company by art world insiders. “The International Art Center is me personally,” said Mr. Nahmad, who said he uses it for security purposes to mask his name. “It’s David Nahmad. ” Nonetheless, for years, Mr. Nahmad’s representatives avoided making that direct connection in interviews. Much of the court battle over the Modigliani has revolved around whether the Art Center company is controlled by the Nahmads. But the recent leak of a trove from the   Panama Papers  —   showing documents from the Mossack Fonseca law firm, which set up the holding company  —   made clear that Mr. Nahmad was indeed its principal. The resulting publicity was ugly and overwhelming, Mr. Nahmad said. “Looted art, hidden art  —   they made me look like a crook instead of doing real battle in the court,” he said. In April a Swiss prosecutor, reacting to the disclosure, placed a legal hold on the work, which is in storage in Geneva, while he investigated whether the painting was stolen property. (Last month, he dropped the seizure order, citing insufficient evidence.) Wasn’t it a mistake not to have been more transparent? Mr. Nahmad turned to his Swiss lawyer, Rodolphe Gautier, who said that when you are “filing a lawsuit in New York you have to go against a proper defendant. ” “No matter who is behind” the International Art Center, he added, “it really does not change the lawsuit. ” Mr. Nahmad, 69, has long loathed publicity, but he has changed his strategy. He hired a public relations firm and last week set up shop at a suite in the   Plaza Athénée hotel here where he met individually with several reporters. A glass coffee table was piled high with Modigliani catalogs that Mr. Nahmad, in a casual blue sweater and slacks, thumbed through. They showed that he had lent the disputed painting to several museums, including the Jewish Museum in New York in 2004. “If you had any doubt about looted art, would you really lend it to a Jewish museum?” he asked. Mr. Palmer, of Mondex, says a series of documents demonstrate the Stettiner ownership of the work, including the catalog for the 1930 Venice Biennale where a “portrait of a man” by Modigliani was exhibited and credited to the collection of a Mr. Stettiner. The listing for a July 1944 sale by the French auction house Drouot, which sold items taken from Mr. Stettiner, records the sale of an unnamed Modigliani picture. The price was 16, 000 francs, though, far too low, Mr. Nahmad says, for a large work in oil by Modigliani, even then. Today that price would be equal to almost 3, 000 euros, or about $3, 375. Mr. Nahmad said he feels his position has been strengthened by an obscure 1947 French court document located by his researcher in the Paris archives amid the files of the claim submitted by Mr. Stettiner. The document had been legally sealed until 2022, but Mr. Nahmad successfully applied for an exemption to examine it. The document is from a French bailiff who presided over Mr. Stettiner’s restitution case. In it, the bailiff refers to the painting as “a picture representing the painter Modigliani painted by himself. ” But Mr. Palmer, who has seen the document, said he is not persuaded. “The bailiff is not an art expert,” he said. “It’s pretty easy for a bailiff to make that kind of mistake. ” With that impasse, Mr. Nahmad said he is poised to fight on in the courts. In the meantime, he is weighing invitations to exhibit his painting. He said he thinks the best option is to loan it to a museum in Israel. For now, he said, he has too many doubts to relinquish the painting. But he said, “If it’s proven that this painting is looted by the Nazis, I will give it back. ”",0
12837,Can Apple Think Outside the Device? - The New York Times,"More than any other company in tech, Apple prizes physical objects  —   expensive, perfectly designed,   nuggets of aluminum and glass that you buy today, use for a couple years and replace. Until recently, that view worked quite well. Over the past decade, through its own products and the many copycats that piled on, Apple’s   aestheticism has made computers easier to use and more accessible to more people around the world  —   and raked in   profits while doing so. Yet Apple’s view increasingly feels like an outdated way of thinking about tech. Many of its competitors have been moving beyond devices toward experiences that transcend them. These new technologies exist not on distinct pieces of hardware, but above and within them. They are things like Alexa, Amazon’s ambient assistant, which lives on the internet and is ready to help you on the Amazon Echo but also on any other device that a programmer adds it to. In an era of flat iPhone sales, Apple, too, has been talking up the importance of online services, which it sees as a crucial part of its future growth. So the primary question Apple had to answer at its annual developer conference this week was whether it could expand its worldview. Could it break free from the limiting perspective of individual devices? The answer: Yes, but slowly  —   and it’s hard to tell if Apple is thinking big enough. What was obvious in the hurricane of new features unveiled by Timothy D. Cook, Apple’s chief executive, and his lieutenants was that they understood the importance of   services. Many of Apple’s announcements featured some role for the internet to integrate people’s experiences on disparate Apple devices, often with the help of artificial intelligence. But a lot of these features felt small bore. Apple still seems to view online services as   to its devices  —   not as products or platforms that rise above them. The best way to see the shortcomings of this position is through Siri, the voice assistant that is Apple’s best chance to create the kind of transcendent,   experience that its competitors are now pushing. Analysts and developers were expecting big improvements to Siri. Apple did show off a way for some apps to integrate with Siri and for Siri to perform a few new functions on Apple TV Siri also found a new home on Macintosh computers. But the way Apple presented the changes, with each Siri advance positioned as a feature of one of Apple’s devices, left unclear what Apple’s ultimate aims were for the voice assistant. The new features fall short of remaking Siri into something fundamentally different from what it is today. Siri, as Apple is positioning it, is becoming a better app launcher for your phone  —   you can use it to call for an Uber ride or to respond to a message. But it’s not clear that it’s becoming a truly intelligent assistant, one that understands you across your devices, that can comprehend complex queries and get things done for you regardless of which apps you happen to have installed on any particular machine. These shortcomings are not terrible. Though many competitors have shown off some interesting demos, at the moment no rival voice assistant approaches the accuracy and ease of use of an actual human assistant. Siri is hardly behind, and there is still room for it to become the leader. Yet the way Apple approaches Siri is a proxy for the way it plans to approach online services generally. Before we get to the limitations, here are the details on what’s new with Siri: First, the voice assistant can now control some   apps on your phone. You can send text messages through apps like WhatsApp or Slack using your voice  —   in the past, you could do so only with Apple’s own messaging app. Depending on which developers add Siri to their apps, you might also be able to use your voice to call a ride from Uber or Lyft, to pay someone through Venmo or to tell a fitness app to start tracking your workout. Siri’s other new trick is Mac compatibility. You can now ask your desktop or laptop to search through your files or email, for instance. These are all fine improvements. But I am struck by the deliberate way Apple is rolling them out. One problem is that the new Siri will not integrate with all kinds of apps. It will be able to control only a handful of app types, including messaging apps,   apps, payment apps and fitness apps. Yet Siri won’t let you control music apps, for example  —   you can’t ask Siri to play a song on Spotify, a feature reserved for use with Apple’s own music subscription service. This limitation could be relaxed with time. Apple reps told me the   integrations they had outlined so far were the start of a new effort  —   one that could be expanded to new app types in the future. Still, the lack of music support was a letdown. It’s hard to shake the suspicion that Apple is using Siri to give its own apps a leg up. Another problem is that Siri is still hopelessly tied to each Apple device. Siri on your iPhone doesn’t really know anything about Siri on your Mac or Apple TV. On each device, Siri has different capabilities: On your iPhone it can call an Uber, if you have the Uber app installed, but Siri on your Mac can’t. Siri on your Apple TV can search YouTube for clips of Stephen Curry, but Siri on your iPhone can’t. For now, this isn’t a big problem  —   you will learn what Siri can do on each device and adjust your queries accordingly. But that’s a curious thing to have to do. If Siri is an intelligent assistant, why does she need to be tied to apps you have installed on your device? Why can’t she call Uber from the cloud, regardless of which device you happen to be using? The   view gets particularly limiting when you think about asking your assistant complicated questions. For instance, what if you ask, “Can you see if there’s a room at my favorite Seattle hotel for my wedding anniversary weekend  —   and can you book it if it’s less than $200 a night?” Google, in its demo for Home, a forthcoming voice assistant device meant to rival Amazon’s Echo, seemed to be able to handle such questions. Two    —   Viv, which was founded by members of the team that created the original Siri app that Apple bought in 2010, and SoundHound have also unveiled systems that can tackle such complex queries. To handle these questions, an assistant would need to pull information from multiple online services. For instance, booking that Seattle hotel would involve knowing your favorite place to stay, your wedding anniversary date and current hotel prices. It wouldn’t make sense if that question worked only on certain devices or only if you had certain apps installed ideally, it should work on any device. And that would be very useful. One of the frustrations of the era ushered in by the iPhone is app overload  —   there are too many apps to download, install and switch between to get anything done. A lot of these apps are of little use: You might tap that   app once a year, so why does it have to sit there on your phone? Voice interfaces could usher in a new paradigm in computing, one that would break free of the tyranny of apps on devices. They could get a lot done for us without much tapping and switching. Google, Amazon and several   seem to be rushing headlong to build such a system. But based on its developer conference, I’m not sure Apple is. It’s taking a more moderate     path. Many of its voice features will be fine  —   useful, even. But it sure isn’t pushing for a revolution.",0
12838,Bill Cunningham Looked Past the Runway to Capture Modern Identity - The New York Times,"This is the age of street style, an era when we talk about “the show outside the show”: the people who dress to be photographed by the growing hordes of snappers on the sidewalk waiting to capture the   exaggerated fashions necessary to stand out from the peacocking crowd and bestow upon them their 15 minutes, or seconds, of fame. Go to any fashion show and you can see it: a woman or man in a colorful, kooky   swarmed by photographers jostling for the best shot and calling, “Look over here!” and, “Who are you wearing?”  —   lemmings in the land of the   . But Bill Cunningham, who began it all, was never among them. Since his death on Saturday, many of the memorials and the hagiographies that have poured out over the internet have dubbed Bill (I can’t call him Mr. Cunningham, as I’ve known him, and been squeezed up next to him on fashion show benches, for too long) the father of street style, and rightly so. Still, a more accurate way to think of him might be as someone who applied the tenets of visual journalism to fashion. He began his career as a reporter, after all, and his photographs were simply another expression of the same discipline: They weren’t filtered, airbrushed or staged. He was among the first to recognize the value of observing what people wore in their everyday life, and to understand that it was a reflection of identity and culture, a means of communication used by all, and thus a crucial historical record. Before there was Scott Schuman, a. k. a. “The Sartorialist,” or Tommy Ton, or Phil Oh, there was Bill, riding his bicycle, reporting on what he saw: the idiosyncratic and the ubiquitous, but above all, the honest. His subject was not what was manufactured to catch his eye, but what people wore to feel part of the group, or to stand out from the group, or to otherwise telegraph their place in the world  —   be it at a   charity ball or at a popular shopping street corner, no matter. Anna Wintour, the editor of Vogue, has often been quoted as saying, “We all dressed for Bill. ” It’s a lovely and genuine sentiment  —   both fashion and society are peppered by women whose dream was to be photographed by Bill, and having him take your picture became a   seal of approval  —   but the truth is, he wouldn’t have wanted anyone to dress for him. He wanted to understand and record how they dressed for themselves. He himself dressed the part. He created his own uniform years ago, calculated to take himself out of the (bigger) picture: a blue French worker’s jacket, khakis and sneakers. It spoke, proclaiming very loudly, “This is not about me. ” But it was about his eye. He taught me (his pictures taught me) that while what was on the catwalks was interesting, it was what happened to the clothes afterward  —   how they were used, or not used  —   that really mattered. It wasn’t that he rejected fashion he loved it, with a   enthusiasm for discovery. But he understood that its power was personal. Clothes are the front line of communication they are the first thing we say about ourselves to each other, and the first judgment we make in turn. That was his story. And it is why his videos and columns were so obsessively interesting. Harold Koda, the former head of the Costume Institute of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, once told me that the debate over whether fashion belonged in the museum had been resolved when the powers that be started seeing fashion as a decorative art that represented popular attitudes and mores  —   toward beauty, craft and society  —   at a specific moment in time. This belief also drove Bill, whose thousands of pictures now comprise an invaluable portrait of popular identity in the late 20th and early 21st centuries. They recorded the casualization of life, the rise of the cause ribbon, the advent of the “It” bag and the problem of global warming (What the hell do you wear when it’s summer in January and snowing in April? ). Street style has become an increasingly ersatz game, less about unique and the revelatory than marketing, with brands shipping clothes to popular stars to wear in theoretically   shots  —   clothes they have not chosen, mind you, but been given (or even paid to wear). In the same way that the red carpet has become an advertising vehicle, so, too, have many sidewalks. Bill represented the truth behind all of that. His legacy is our reality, and we should not forget.",0
12839,Poll: CNN Brand Continues to Plummet,"CNN’s brand continues to go in a downward spiral, according to a poll. [A YouGov poll shows that CNN falls behind MSNBC and Fox News in brand perception, the Daily Caller reports.  The poll asked respondents, “If you’ve heard anything about the brand in the last two weeks, through advertising, news or word of mouth, was it positive or negative?” Of the three cable networks, Fox News was the only network to score a neutral brand perception. CNN and MSNBC both scored negative on brand perception. “CNN’s negative acceleration point happened in   2016, around the time Anderson Cooper interviewed Melania Trump, notably discussing her husband’s famous ‘Access Hollywood’ tape,” YouGov’s Ted Marzilli notes. “Also at that time, a local North Carolina Republican office was firebombed, causing   media to pounce on CNN for suggesting Trump’s rhetoric spurred the incident. ” Marzilli adds that particular news events and President Trump’s bashing of the network’s news coverage have taken a toll on CNN. Trump has consistently called CNN “fake news,” along with the New York Times, for its    coverage of his administration and its penchant for making several mistakes when reporting on the administration: FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn’t tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing @nytimes has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 25, 2017,  On Tuesday, CNN’s Jim Acosta inaccurately claimed that Trump made no mention of the “administrative state” in his speech to a joint session of Congress. Trump alluded to the “administrative state” while talking about his lobbying ban for executive branch officials and hiring freeze for   federal government workers. CNN dedicated much airtime in January to memos alleging that Trump’s presidential campaign was in communication with Russian officials. The reports turned out to be false.",0
12840,Embargo on Cuba is an Embarrassment for the United States,"Email 
The United States’ abstention on a resolution to end its economic embargo on Cuba-a first time it happens after opposing it for 24 years- is an implicit acknowledgement of the wrongness of such a measure. It has brought considerable and unnecessary suffering to the Cuban people and hasn’t brought any positive results to the U.S. 
Cuba’s Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez said in September that damage from the embargo between April 2015 and March 2016 amounted to $4.6 billion and to $125.9 billion since the beginning of the embargo more than 50 years ago. By maintaining the embargo, the U.S. has been a target of derision throughout the world, as shown by the repeated and overwhelming U.N. Assembly decisions against the embargo in the last 24 years. 
In repeated visits to Cuba I was able to observe the impact of the embargo on the Cuban people. During my first visit to Cuba in 1981 to attend a public health-related meeting, I witnessed an unusual incident. As friends and I walked into the Bodeguita del Medio — a traditional restaurant famous for its many illustrious visitors over the years (Hemingway was a frequent patron) — a young Cuban male was discreetly asked to leave. 
Realizing we weren’t locals, the young man began ranting against government restrictions on Cubans. “I have money,” he told us. “But they prefer foreigners to eat and spend their money here. I am fed up with this regime.” As we were observing the scene, he asked us, “Do you see something in that corner?” 
“Yes,” I said, “there is a man standing there.” “You are wrong,” he replied. “He is not a man. That’s a gigantic ear listening to everything I say to you. But I don’t care. I am so sick and tired of this situation.” In those few minutes, I got a first-hand sense of the problems besieging Cuban society: the need for foreign money, the oppressive nature of the regime and the dissatisfaction of the country’s youth. These impressions were later confirmed during a later visit to the island when I headed a UN mission to assess the progress of Cuban scientists in developing interferon, an antiviral substance. 
Highlighting the Cuban government’s shortcomings doesn’t diminish its achievements. During my last visit I met Fidel Castro. Although we didn’t raise any political issues in our conversation, I was able to assess his enormous interest in — and knowledge of — health issues. This interest and knowledge underlies the Castro’s government accomplishments in health and education. 
Cuba, for all its other faults and drawbacks, is in the forefront in both fields when compared to other Latin American countries. And in some areas, it is on par with the United States. This progress, however, has been hindered by the unnecessary and ineffective embargo against the country, a situation that has cost the United States materially. In addition, the embargo has hurt U.S. prestige among Latin American governments, which consider it a violation of a fellow Latin nation’s rights and sovereignty. 
There is no doubt that political pressure from the powerful Cuban exile community in Florida has been an important factor in maintaining the U.S. embargo. However, the descendants of that immigrant generation have now a more nuanced view of the Cuban regime. In particular, they have seen the damage caused by decades of antagonism between both countries — and are eager for friendlier relations between them. 
While Cubans have always been clear about their admiration for the American people — which I have observed first hand during my visits to the island — the embargo has fostered more hate and mistrust of the U.S. government than of the Cuban government among Cubans. 
If votes in the UN General Assembly are a test, no country in the world now supports the embargo. President Barack Obama has wisely eased restrictions on travel to the island by Cubans and their descendants. This policy should be followed by an intense exchange of scientists, doctors, artists and ordinary citizens. The effect would be dramatic in neutralizing the atmosphere of antagonism and should be followed by the rapid lifting of the embargo and the complete normalization of relations between both countries.",0
12841,"‘Planet Nine’ Can’t Hide Much Longer, Scientists Say","Planet Nine’s days of lurking unseen in the dark depths of the outer solar system may be numbered. By Mike Wall
The hypothetical giant planet, which is thought to be about 10 times more massive than Earth, will be discovered within 16 months or so, astronomer Mike Brown predicted.
“I’m pretty sure, I think, that by the end of next winter — not this winter, next winter — I think that there’ll be enough people looking for it that … somebody’s actually going to track this down,” Brown said during a news conference Wednesday (Oct. 19) at a joint meeting of the American Astronomical Society’s Division for Planetary Sciences (DPS) and the European Planetary Science Congress (EPSC) in Pasadena, California. Brown said that eight to 10 groups are currently looking for the planet.
At the “next one of these [DPS-EPSC meetings], we’ll be talking about finding Planet Nine instead of just looking for it,” added Brown, who’s based at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) in Pasadena.
That would be a pretty quick path from hypothetical planet to confirmed world. The existence of Planet Nine was seriously proposed for the first time just in 2014, by astronomers Scott Sheppard and Chadwick Trujillo, of the Carnegie Institution for Science in Washington, D.C., and the Gemini Observatory in Hawaii, respectively.
Sheppard and Trujillo noted that the dwarf planet Sedna, the newfound object 2012 VP113 and several other bodies far beyond Pluto share certain odd orbital characteristics, a coincidence that would make sense if their paths through space had been shaped by an unseen, giant “perturber” in the region.
Researchers say an anomaly in the orbits of distant Kuiper Belt objects points to the existence of an unknown planet orbiting the sun. Here’s what we know of this potential “Planet Nine.”
Credit: by Karl Tate, Infographics artist
The researchers suggested that this putative planet is perhaps two to 15 times more massive than Earth and lies hundreds of astronomical units (AU) from the sun. (One AU is the Earth-sun distance, about 93 million miles, or 150 million kilometers.)
This interpretation was bolstered in January of this year by Brown and fellow Caltech astronomer Konstantin Batygin, who found evidence of a perturber’s influence in the orbits of a handful of additional distant objects. This “Planet Nine,” as Batygin and Brown dubbed the putative world, likely contains about 10 Earth masses and orbits on a highly elliptical path whose aphelion (farthest distance from the sun) is about 1,000 AU, the researchers said. (For perspective, Pluto gets just 49.3 AU from the sun at aphelion.)
The evidence for Planet Nine’s existence has continued to grow over the past nine months, as several different research teams have determined that the orbits of other small, distant objects appear to have been sculpted as well.
One team, led by Renu Malhotra of the University of Arizona, discussed four such objects at the DPS/EPSC meeting Wednesday. And Brown’s team, led by Elizabeth Bailey of Caltech, announced at the meeting on Tuesday (Oct. 18) that Planet Nine appears to have tilted the orbits of all eight “official” planets by 6 degrees relative to the sun.

The ongoing Planet Nine research also includes efforts to pin down where the world might be in the sky these days. This is a key part of the discovery effort, since a blind search for an object so far away, and with such a huge and elliptical orbit, has little chance of success in the near term, Brown has said.
It’s likely that Planet Nine is currently at or near aphelion, located perhaps 1,000 AU from the sun, in a patch of sky measuring about 400 square degrees, Brown said. (For comparison, the full moon viewed from Earth covers about 0.5 degrees of sky.)
Astronomers have said Planet Nine is perhaps four times wider than Earth, and such an object would be easily visible with professional-grade equipment if it were relatively close to Earth, Brown explained. In addition, planets on highly elliptical orbits spend most of their time near aphelion, since they’re traveling most slowly on this part of their path, he said.

An object four times bigger than Earth that’s located at 1,000 AU would have a magnitude of about +25 on astronomers’ brightness scale, Brown added.
“This is well within reach of the giant telescopes,” he said. “The Subaru telescope, I think, on Mauna Kea, [in Hawaii]— the Japanese national telescope — is the prime instrument for doing the search. But there are a lot of other people who have clever ideas on how to find it, too, that are trying with their own telescopes.”
So which research team will ultimately find Planet Nine? Brown said he isn’t sure, and he stressed that getting credit for the historic discovery should be a secondary concern for astronomers.
“There are a lot of people looking, and we are trying as hard as we can to tell people where to look,” he said. “We want it to be found.”
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+ . Follow us @Spacedotcom , Facebook or Google+ . Originally published on Space.com . 
Source: Space.com 
",0
12842,Obsolete 2016,Author Topic: Obsolete 2016 (Read 2 times) 0 Members and 1 Guest are viewing this topic.,0
12843,Ann Jones: Donald Trump's Open Carry,"  Recipient Email => 
Recently, the New York Times produced a veritable thesaurus of Trumpian twittery — every insulting tweet of The Donald’s that their researchers could find since he declared his candidacy. It’s quite a collection in which he goes after 282 people, places, and things in his uniquely abusive fashion. (Don’t even get me started on his tweets about Hillary Clinton; you’d be reading until tomorrow.) Here, instead, is a relatively limited list of his, a tiny entry of classic nastiness aimed at a peripheral character in this year’s election campaign, Senator Elizabeth Warren: 
“Pocahontas” “bombed last night!” “Sad to watch” “Pocahontas” “Pocahontas” “wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn’t chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate” “Goofy” “a very weak Senator” “Goofy” “Pocahontas” “Goofy” “the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate” “one of the least productive senators” “goofy” “Goofy” “Very racist!” “Goofy” “one of the least productive U.S. Senators” “has a nasty mouth” “All talk, no action!” “Total hypocrite!” “Goofy” “lowlife!” “If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no jobs in America” “she doesn’t have a clue” “failed Senator” “goofy” “gets nothing done” “lied” “Our Native American Senator” “goofy couldn’t care less about the American worker” “does nothing to help!” “using the woman’s card” “Goofy” “didn’t have the guts to run for POTUS” “phony Native American heritage” “Goofy” “didn’t have the guts to run for POTUS” “phony Native American heritage” “Goofy” “one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate” “has done nothing!” “Goofy” “weak and ineffective” “Does nothing” “All talk, no action — maybe her Native American name?” “Goofy” “phony Native American heritage” “Goofy” “Hillary Clinton’s flunky” “has a career that is totally based on a lie” “goofy” “a fraud!” “goofy” 
Of course, Warren falls into a category that is commendable indeed. She doesn’t take this sort of crud from anyone — and certainly not any man. And throughout election 2016, she’s responded blisteringly to Trump’s abuse. The most recent moment of this: after The Donald so infamously leaned into his mic in the third presidential debate and half-whispered the phrase “ such a nasty woman ,” while his opponent was speaking about social security. (“My Social Security payroll contribution will go up, as will Donald’s, assuming he can’t figure out how to get out of it.”) Warren later rose at a Clinton rally in New Hampshire and offered a classic riposte , the sort of thing that hasn’t been part of the Trumpian playbook when it comes to the women he goes after. “Get this, Donald,” she said. “Nasty women are tough. Nasty women are smart. And nasty women vote. And, on November 8th, we nasty women are going to march our nasty feet to cast our nasty votes to get you out of our lives forever.” 
If there’s another “nasty woman” around who got The Donald deep in his abusive soul, it’s been TomDispatch regular Ann Jones. Back in June, before it was the subject of real attention, she pointed out the blazingly obvious (to her, but not to the massed mass media of election 2016): that many women recognized The Donald, saw right through him because “every woman who has ever had to deal with a Trump-style tyrant in her own home or at her job already has Trump’s number. We recognize him as a bloated specimen of the common garden variety Controlling Man, a familiar type of Household Hitler. In fact, Donald J. Trump perfectly fits the profile of an ordinary wife abuser.” Once again, today, she’s a step ahead of the rest of the media crowd when it comes to the essence of The Donald in this end-game moment. Donald Trump, the Greatest Victim in the History of the World Ann Jones • November 1, 2016 • 3,000 Words (Reprinted from TomDispatch by permission of author or representative)",0
12844,ISIS Claims Truck Attacker in France Was Its ‘Soldier’ - The New York Times,"NICE, France  —   The Islamic State claimed on Saturday that the man who attacked the seaside city of Nice was one of the group’s “soldiers. ” France’s defense minister promptly blamed the terrorist network for inspiring the assault, while its top law enforcement official said the attacker, who was not previously known to intelligence agencies, may have “radicalized himself very quickly. ” The attacker, Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel, carried out the assault on Thursday evening using a   refrigerated truck and an automatic pistol. The death toll remained at 84, but the number of injured rose to 303, of whom 121 were in hospitals, 26 of them in intensive care. France, traumatized by three major terrorist assaults in 19 months, began three days of national mourning on Saturday. The Islamic State had kept silent on the Nice attack until Saturday morning, when it declared, in a bulletin issued in Arabic and in English on its Amaq News Agency channel: “Executor of the deadly operation in Nice, France, was a soldier of the Islamic State. He executed the operation in response to calls to target citizens of coalition nations, which fight the Islamic State. ” The claim must be greeted with caution, because there was yet no evidence suggesting that the driver was radicalized, or had even been exposed to the Islamic State’s propaganda. After a husband and wife killed 14 people in San Bernardino, Calif. in December, the Amaq News Agency described them as “two supporters,” making it clear that the Islamic State had not directed their actions. But after a gunman, Omar Mateen, killed 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Fla. last month, having pledged loyalty to the group, it called him a “fighter. ” In a statement on Saturday on its radio station, the Islamic State referred to Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel as “a soldier” who had responded to the group’s call “to target states participating in the crusader coalition that fights the caliphate. ” In 2014, the Islamic State’s spokesman, Abu Muhammad   called on the group’s followers to attack Westerners in retaliation for strikes by the United   coalition fighting the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. He has repeatedly singled out France, which is part of the coalition, as a main enemy. No evidence has emerged that Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel got training or orders from the Islamic State, unlike the perpetrators of attacks in and around Paris on Nov. 13 and Brussels on March 22. The Islamic State has  blurred the line between operations planned and carried out by its core fighters and those carried out by sympathizers inspired, only at a distance, to commit violence. But on Saturday, France’s defense minister,   Le Drian, said: “I remind you that Daesh’s ideologue, Abu Muhammad   has for several weeks repeated calls to attack directly, even individually, Frenchmen, in particular, or Americans, wherever they are, by any means necessary. ” Daesh is an Arabic name for the Islamic State. “It is murder, and Daesh’s claim of responsibility comes later, as has happened in other recent events,” Mr. Le Drian added. “Even if Daesh doesn’t do the organizing, Daesh inspires this terrorist spirit, against which we are fighting. ” Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel, 31, a native of Tunisia, had a history of petty crime going back to 2010. He received a   suspended sentence this year for assaulting a motorist, but was not on the radar of French intelligence agencies. Indeed, he seemed more like a surly misfit  —   he beat his wife, until she threw him out  —   than a prospective terrorist. The country’s top law enforcement official, Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve, said Saturday: “The individual who committed this absolutely despicable, unspeakable crime was not known by the intelligence services, as he had not stood out over the past years  —   whether through court convictions or through his activity  —   for support of radical Islamist ideology. ” But Mr. Cazeneuve added: “It seems that he radicalized himself very quickly. In any case, these are the first elements that have come to light through the testimony of his acquaintances. ” In Msaken, Tunisia, the attacker’s father, Mohamed Mondher Lahouaiej Bouhlel, told Agence   on Friday night that his son had depression, and that he “had almost no links to religion. ” “He didn’t pray,” the father continued. “He didn’t fast. He drank alcohol, and even used drugs. ” He said of his son, “From 2002 to 2004, he had problems that caused a nervous breakdown. ” “He would become angry, and he shouted,” he said. “He would break anything he saw in front of him. ” The son was prescribed medication for emotional problems, the elder Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel said, adding that his son was “always alone, always depressed” and often silent. The father said he and his family had almost no contact with his son since he left for France. The son appears to have arrived in Nice around 2005 and to have returned to Tunisia for a sister’s wedding in 2012. The Huffington Post quoted Rabab Lahouaiej Bouhlel, a sister of the attacker, as saying her brother “did not drink alcohol or smoke cigarettes, but he also did not pray and never entered a mosque in his life. ” She added: “He was just not stable psychologically and mentally. His wife and her mother both complained about his violent behavior toward her. ” Four people acquainted with Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel are in police custody, along with his estranged wife. Since Thursday evening, several French officials  —   particularly from   parties opposed to President François Hollande’s Socialist government  —   have criticized the government’s handling of intelligence gathering and law enforcement, especially after attacks in January and November killed a total of 147 people. Christian Estrosi, the president of the region encompassing Nice, wrote in an open letter on Saturday that he had asked for additional security for Bastille Day, but was rebuffed because there was no specific threat. “Why, while I have for the past two years never ceased to ask the government for new means of fighting terrorism, means to arm our national and municipal police, regulatory means, legislative means, have I never received an answer?” Mr. Estrosi said. But Stéphane Le Foll, the chief government spokesman, batted away criticism. “Those who, after a tragedy like this one, come and say that they would have had the solution, that with them, nothing would have happened, I leave them to their total lack of responsibility,” Mr. Le Foll told Europe 1 radio Saturday morning. “When you are talking after the fact, you can always find solutions. ” Mr. Le Foll said security in Nice on the night of the attack was as tight as it was during the Euro 2016 soccer tournament, which was held in France and ended on July 10. The tournament was targeted by several plots that the authorities thwarted, according to Mr. Cazeneuve. The police prefecture for the   department, where Nice is, said security measures on the night of the attack included random searches, the addition of plainclothes officers and the blocking of access points. The truck “forced its way through, by driving onto the sidewalk,” bypassing a checkpoint where police vehicles blocked the entrance to the promenade, the prefecture said. It added that 64 national and 42 municipal police officers had worked together to secure the area, along with 20 soldiers. “How did this horrible act occur on this evening?” Mr. Le Foll said. “Because a man decided to rent a truck four days before, all alone, and that he decided to kill people on the 14th of July. ” Mr. Cazeneuve said the French state, or national government, had worked with the City of Nice to protect the Bastille Day celebrations, as well as events like the Cannes film festival, which takes place about 25 miles west of Nice, and the annual Nice carnival. “If one of the authorities  —   the state or the city  —   had at one point considered that the level of security was not adequate, the state or the city could have decided to ban the July 14 festivities, which neither did,” Mr. Cazeneuve said. People returned to the beach on Saturday, in far smaller numbers than in the days before the attack, but signs of a shaken city were still in evidence. Local officials observed a moment of silence at a makeshift memorial on the Promenade des Anglais, the site of the carnage. The promenade reopened to vehicular traffic on Saturday afternoon. It had been closed to traffic for the Bastille Day fireworks celebration and remained closed after the attack as it was turned, in effect, into a 1.  crime scene. Many streets were still blocked, parents were still searching for missing children, and hospital staff members who have been dealing with scores of victims continued to treat dozens of patients, including many children, who had   injuries.",0
12845,Hillary Clinton Finally Weighs In On Dakota Access Pipeline,"Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton speaks at a rally at Cuyahoga Community College in Cleveland.
No longer able to sit on the sidelines and remain silent about the battle raging in North Dakota over Indigenous rights to clean water and sacred land, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton released a statement on Thursday about the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) fight—and it says “literally nothing.”
The statement was delivered via email to a handful of Indigenous journalists and news outlets and was said to be in response to a letter that Native leaders had sent to the former secretary of state asking for her help, as the Indigenous water protectors and their allies have faced tanks, militarized police forces, mace, and attack dogs as they’ve stood their ground in protest of the tar sands pipeline.
Fed-up about her months-long silence , Indigenous youth from the Standing Rock Sioux and other tribes also demonstrated outside Clinton’s campaign headquarters in Brooklyn, New York on Thursday asking for some sort of acknowledgement.
But coming the same day that over 300 police officers in riot gear and armored vehicles—brandishing pepper spray, percussion grenades, sound cannons, and non-lethal shotguns, according to observers— forcibly cleared hundreds of water protectors from the frontline camp recently reclaimed through eminent domain , the response struck many as non-committal and lacking appropriate “outrage.”
The statement from director of coalitions press Xochitl Hinojosa, who oversees Hispanic, black, and women’s media for the Clinton campaign, reads in full:
We received a letter today from representatives of the tribes protesting the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline. From the beginning of this campaign, Secretary Clinton has been clear that she thinks all voices should be heard and all views considered in federal infrastructure projects. Now, all of the parties involved—including the federal government, the pipeline company and contractors, the state of North Dakota, and the tribes—need to find a path forward that serves the broadest public interest. As that happens, it’s important that on the ground in North Dakota, everyone respects demonstrators’ rights to protest peacefully, and workers’ rights to do their jobs safely.
“What a crock,” said Ruth Hopkins, a Dakota-Lakota Sioux writer for Indian Country Today Media Network .
“Hillary Clinton managed to make a statement about the Dakota Pipeline that literally says nothing. Literally,” 350.org co-founder Bill McKibben tweeted in response.
“Kind of a BS statement by the Clinton camp on #NoDAPL, frankly,” wrote MSNBC host Joy Reid. “The outrage taking place out there cries out for outrage.”
Others noted that the statement “is the most Clinton thing of all times,” as Fairness & Accuracy in Reporting journalist Adam Johnson put it .
In a lengthy Twitter thread , anonymous commentator @ActualFlatticus breaks down what they say is the campaign’s “triangulation” of the protest.
In other words, you're going to protest by our rules. You're going to do it as we tell you. Or you can't protest.
— Alan Smithee (@ActualFlatticus) October 28, 2016
No part of this statement is concerned with the safety of the water protectors in any way. But the workers are in danger? How, exactly.
— Alan Smithee (@ActualFlatticus) October 28, 2016
The corporations (her donors) have a right to push their pipeline through sacred land (never mentioned). Despite the treaties we made.
— Alan Smithee (@ActualFlatticus) October 28, 2016
And what makes it all so unbelievably offensive? Is we all know Hillary Clinton didn't write this. Not a word. She approves, that's it.
— Alan Smithee (@ActualFlatticus) October 28, 2016",0
12846,New Ebola Vaccine Gives 100 Percent Protection - The New York Times,"In a scientific triumph that will change the way the world fights a terrifying killer, an experimental Ebola vaccine tested on humans in the waning days of the West African epidemic has been shown to provide 100 percent protection against the lethal disease. The vaccine has not yet been approved by any regulatory authority, but it is considered so effective that an emergency stockpile of 300, 000 doses has already been created for use should an outbreak flare up again. Since Ebola was discovered in the former Zaire in 1976, there have been many efforts to create a vaccine. All began with a sense of urgency but then petered out for lack of money. Although only about 1, 600 people died of Ebola over those years, the grotesque nature their deaths  —   copious hemorrhaging from every orifice  —   has lent the disease a frightening reputation. Ultimately, only the huge, explosive 2014 outbreak that took 11, 000 lives in Africa and spread overseas, reaching a handful of people in Europe and the United States, provided the political and economic drive to make an effective vaccine. The test results of the trial in Guinea were released Thursday in The Lancet. The vaccine was not ready in time to stop the outbreak, which probably began in a hollow,   tree in Guinea and swept Liberia and Sierra Leone before being defeated. But the prospect of a vaccine stockpile now has brought optimism among public health experts. “While these compelling results come too late for those who lost their lives during West Africa’s Ebola epidemic, they show that when the next outbreak hits, we will not be defenseless,” said   Kieny, the World Health Organization’s assistant   for health systems and innovation and the study’s lead author. “The world can’t afford the confusion and human disaster that came with the last epidemic. ” The vaccine opens up new, faster, more efficient ways to encircle and strangle the virus. The many small Ebola outbreaks that occurred between 1976 and 2014 were all stopped in remote villages by laborious methods: medical teams flew in, isolated the sick, and donned protective gear to treat them and bury the dead. But that tactic failed in 2014 when the virus reached crowded capital cities, where it spread like wildfire and dead bodies piled up in the streets. The new vaccine has some flaws, experts said. It appears to work only against one of the two most common strains of the Ebola virus, and it may not give   protection. Some of those who get it report side effects like joint pain and headaches. “It’s certainly good news with regard to any new outbreak  —   and one will occur somewhere,” said Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, director of the National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Diseases, which makes many vaccines and did some early testing on this one. “But we still need to continue working on Ebola vaccines. ” The Lancet study was done in 11, 841 residents of Guinea last year. Among the 5, 837 people who got the vaccine, none came down with Ebola 10 or more days later. There were 23 Ebola cases among the thousands of others not immediately vaccinated. (The   window was important because the trial used the “ring vaccination” technique developed during the drive to eliminate smallpox. Once a confirmed case was found, researchers contacted everyone in the circle of family, friends, neighbors and caregivers around the victim. About half the “circles” were offered vaccine. No one who fell ill within the first nine days after vaccination was counted, however, because it was assumed that they had already been infected before vaccination.) The Ebola trial was led by the World Health Organization, the Guinean Health Ministry, Norway’s Institute of Public Health and other institutions. The vaccine, known as   was developed over a decade ago by the Public Health Agency of Canada and the United States Army and is now licensed to Merck. Its genetic “spine” is that of a vesicular stomatitis virus, which sickens cattle but usually does not infect humans. Spliced into the spine is the gene coding for an Ebola virus surface protein that prompts the immune system to make antibodies. Tests in monkeys showed that one shot protected all of them when it was given at least a week before they were given a high dose of Ebola. The shot even protected a few monkeys who received it a day after being infected with Ebola. The Ebola virus has five known subtypes, the most common of which are   the one that caused the West African outbreak, and  . Ebola is also related to Marburg virus, which is similarly lethal. An ideal vaccine would protect against all Ebola strains and Marburg. However, Dr. Kieny said, it may not be possible to make a shot effective against several strains if it is t based on the VSV spine because VSV triggers a lot of side effects. Risks that are acceptable in the midst of a deadly epidemic are not acceptable in a preventive vaccine given to healthy children and adults, several experts noted. The new vaccine is “a step in the right direction but not the ultimate solution,” said Dr. Gary J. Nabel, chief scientific officer for global health research at the Sanofi pharmaceutical company, who designed a different Ebola vaccine in the 1990s when he worked at the National Institutes of Health. A randomized clinical trial involving tens of thousands of subjects is the preferred way to test any vaccine, he noted. But by the time testing could start in   in West Africa, isolation and treatment of the sick in tent hospitals had made Ebola cases so rare that researchers had to switch to ring vaccination around the few they could find. A likely candidate for a routine Ebola vaccine is one now being developed by GSK, Dr. Nabel said. It uses two shots: the first has the Ebola surface protein attached to a chimpanzee adenovirus that can infect humans without harming them the second uses a weakened pox virus similar to that used in smallpox vaccine. Dr. Seth F. Berkley, chief executive of Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, said his organization’s board voted in late 2014 to spend up to $390 million for 12 million doses of an Ebola vaccine. At the time, several companies had candidates but none had been fully tested in humans. “That was at a time when the epidemic was raging and we did not know if it could be controlled without a vaccine,” he said. By early last year, when preliminary results suggested the Merck vaccine worked well, Gavi gave the company $5 million to make 300, 000 doses as an emergency supply to be used if   exploded again. It is not yet clear how big a stockpile will eventually be created. Merck is now required to seek approval of its vaccine from the World Health Organization, which itself requires licensing by a major regulatory agency like the United States Food and Drug Administration or the European Medicines Agency.",0
12847,Tesla Upgrades Autopilot in Cars on the Road - The New York Times,"Tesla Motors, always ahead of the automotive curve, is conducting a remarkable technological feat. Starting this week and continuing in the coming days, the company is using the cellular network to beam new software to update the Autopilot   system on approximately 70, 000 of its cars. Tesla’s ability to communicate with its vehicles to download major enhancements and fixes, much as Apple updates iPhones, is beyond the capability of other automakers. But then, no other automaker has an    system as experimental as Autopilot, or perhaps the need to make midcourse corrections to such a fundamental feature of its vehicles. The company has described the Autopilot update as intended to avoid the sort of errors that contributed to a Tesla owner’s fatal crash in May on a Florida highway. The most evident change might be visual and audible reminders that drivers should keep their hands on the steering wheel. It is an implicit   of the company’s original promotion of Autopilot, introduced last October, as essentially a   car system. At the time, Elon Musk, Tesla’s chief executive, said Autopilot was “probably better than a person right now. ” But the company also acknowledged then that Autopilot was also only a beta system  —   a technical term for an experimental version. As such, the update now underway is a tacit acknowledgment that the    experiment Tesla has been conducting on the public highways is still very much a work in progress. “They’re able to take a risk and put a system out that they admit wasn’t fully baked,” said Mike Ramsey, a research director at the Gartner Group. “But they have this ability to improve it. It’s much more of a software  . You get it out there and then you do software patches to fix the bugs. ” The approach, Mr. Ramsey added, comes with some risk. “You have live human beings in there,’’ he said, ‘‘so you can debate whether that’s the best way to do it. ” Tesla declined to comment for this article. The Autopilot update coincides with new policy guidelines for   vehicles that the federal government issued this week. That policy, still subject to public review, gives the auto industry remarkable leeway in developing technology for fully autonomous vehicles. The main condition is that anything introduced for public use must be safe. The policy guidelines do raise concerns about semiautonomous systems that  —   like Autopilot  —   are designed to perform many of the driving duties but still require human drivers to stay alert and be ready to take control at a moment’s notice. Otherwise, the technology could be considered “an unreasonable risk to safety and subject to recall. ” Anthony Foxx, secretary of transportation, said at a news conference this week that the new guidelines were not aimed at Tesla. But the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is still investigating the Florida accident. The question now is how just how new and improved Autopilot actually is  —   and whether a software download is sufficient to address what Tesla’s many critics say are the inherent shortcomings of the autonomous driving system. One of those perceived drawbacks is Autopilot’s assumption that an attentive driver can and will take over control of the car in the event of an emergency. Researchers at other companies at work on   cars  —   including Ford Motor and Google  —   have concluded that this   handoff can never happen quickly enough to be fully safe. A driver reviewing the updated Autopilot for The New York Times said the system required his full attention and he mentioned at least one occasion in which he would have had a collision had he not been poised to immediately hit the brakes. The new Tesla software, called Version 8. 0, also makes a significant change to the way Autopilot scans the road and recognizes objects. The previous version depended heavily on the   camera to sense surroundings. In the fatal Florida collision, the camera did not see a white   against a bright sky. The new version of Autopilot relies more heavily on the car’s radar to identify other vehicles and potential obstacles, and to decide when to steer to avoid a problem or apply the brakes. The elevation of radar might seem a modest difference. But it runs counter to the widely held view that radar, while highly accurate in measuring distance, is less precise in determining the shape and size of objects. “I’m not completely sure how Tesla is able to recognize and classify objects” with radar, said Jeremy Carlson, a senior automotive analyst at the forecaster IHS Markit. “I think it’s clear there are changes in the new software in the radar sensor that are doing something in a very different way. ” Other automakers argue that cameras are better at recognizing and classifying objects. “Radar is good at telling the distance to an object but not very good at recognizing what it is,” said Hideki Hada, general manager of Toyota Motor’s integrated vehicle systems group in Ann Arbor, Mich. “Cameras can tell what an object is, but it’s not so good at telling the distance. So you need both. ” Companies at work on fully   cars contend that conventional cameras and radar are not sufficient to enable a vehicle to sense and respond to its surroundings. They plan to incorporate an additional technology: a   type of radar called lidar. Tesla argues that its current technology is adequate for Autopilot’s purposes. But in a Sept. 11 conference call announcing the upgrade, Mr. Musk acknowledged the challenge of using radar to identify objects. The world, he said, looks “weird” in radar. Metal objects, because they strongly reflect radar waves, can appear larger than they are. Wood and plastic can appear “as transparent as glass. ” Radar sensors tend to give “false positives”  —   instances when they think the car should brake when it actually doesn’t need to. The new Autopilot software has algorithms to adjust for radar’s distortions, according to Mr. Musk. And if the radar sees a large, dense, metal object  —   like a truck  —   the radar sensor can slow or brake the car, even if the camera system can’t identify the object, he said. Mr. Musk predicted that the new Autopilot system was “really going to be beyond what people expect” and would make the Tesla Model S sedan and the Model X sport utility vehicle “by far” the safest cars on the road. Mr. Ramsey, the research director at Gartner, noted that Tesla was able to release Autopilot last year without having committed to a crucial engineering question  —   Is the radar or the camera the primary sensor?  —   knowing the company could modify and improve it later. “They can take a risk like that,” he said. “It’s what makes them truly distinct from other automakers. ” Whether public experiments are the best approach to highway safety is another matter. “I’m sure they are very confident the cars are safe,” Mr. Ramsey said, “but they are kind of doing trial and error. ”",0
12848,Wow! DOJ in Bed With the Clinton Cartel,"The expose into just how bought and paid for our government in just never stops! Where’s the outrage!?!?!?

Watch on YouTube 
Source: Kadzik (DOJ Official Leading Probe in FBI’s Case Re-Opening) Gave “Heads up” to Clinton Campaign on Email Investigation 
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. ",0
12849,H.I.V. Arrived in the U.S. Long Before ‘Patient Zero’ - The New York Times,"In the tortuous mythology of the AIDS epidemic, one legend never seems to die: Patient Zero, a. k. a. Gaétan Dugas, a   sexually insatiable French Canadian flight attendant who supposedly picked up H. I. V. in Haiti or Africa and spread it to dozens, even hundreds, of men before his death in 1984. Mr. Dugas was once blamed for setting off the entire American AIDS epidemic, which traumatized the nation in the 1980s and has since killed more than 500, 000 Americans. The New York Post even described him with the headline “The Man Who Gave Us AIDS. ” But after a new genetic analysis of stored blood samples, bolstered by some intriguing historical detective work, scientists on Wednesday declared him innocent. The strain of H. I. V. responsible for almost all AIDS cases in the United States, which was carried from Zaire to Haiti around 1967, spread from there to New York City around 1971, researchers concluded in the journal Nature. From New York, it spread to San Francisco around 1976. The new analysis shows that Mr. Dugas’s blood, sampled in 1983, contained a viral strain already infecting men in New York before he began visiting gay bars in the city after being hired by Air Canada in 1974. The researchers also reported that originally, Mr. Dugas was not even called Patient Zero  —   in an early epidemiological study of cases, he was designated Patient O, for “outside Southern California,” where the study began. The ambiguous circular symbol on a chart was later read as a zero, stoking the notion that blame for the epidemic could be placed on one man. Myths like that of Patient Zero echo in prevention efforts even today, experts said. Many vulnerable groups, including young gay men and African women, fail to use protective drugs or avoid testing because they fear being stigmatized or accused of being carriers. Reflecting on the epidemic’s early days, Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, then a doctor treating AIDS patients and now the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, said he remembered it seeming plausible at the time that one person was responsible. In hindsight, he added, the idea now seems absurd. “We were unaware of how widespread it was in Africa,” Dr. Fauci said. “Also, we thought, based on very little data, that it was only about two years from infection to death. ” The new data is consistent with the scenario described in 2011 in “The Origins of AIDS,” by Dr. Jacques Pépin, an infectious disease specialist at the University of Sherbrooke in Quebec. Relying on previous genetic research and African colonial records, Dr. Pépin showed that H. I. V. was carried from Kinshasa to Haiti in the 1960s  —   most likely by one of the thousands of Haitian civil servants recruited by the United Nations to work in the former Belgian Congo after colonial rule collapsed. In Haiti, he theorized, a few cases were multiplied by unsterile conditions at a private   company,   that opened in 1971 and exported 1, 600 gallons of plasma to the United States monthly. Plasma clotting factors were used by American hemophiliacs, many of whom died of AIDS. Haiti was also a   destination for gay men, another route the virus could have taken to New York. The blood samples analyzed in the new study were collected in 1978 and 1979 in New York City and San Francisco as part of an effort to make a hepatitis B vaccine. Researchers stored almost 16, 000 blood samples nearly 7 percent of those from New York and 4 percent of those from California later turned out to be infected with H. I. V. A team led by Michael Worobey, an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona in Tucson and the lead author of the Nature paper, sequenced the genomes of the H. I. V. found in some of those samples and compared them with viral DNA in samples collected in the early 1980s from Haitians, Dominicans and others treated in American hospitals. Because decades spent in freezers had degraded many samples, Dr. Worobey said, his lab developed an “RNA jackhammering” technique similar to that used to reconstruct the ancient Neanderthal genome. Counting mutations allowed the researchers to “wind back the molecular clock” and see when each strain of H. I. V. diverged from its ancestors. Africa has a dozen H. I. V. groups, and Haiti’s epidemic came from one of those. The New York samples all derive from one Haitian strain, and those from San Francisco are all so closely related that they probably all resulted from one person introducing one New York strain, Dr. Worobey said. The symptoms that were later called AIDS were first recognized in 1981, and the legend of Patient Zero began with a 1984 study that traced the sexual contacts of 40 gay men with Kaposi’s sarcoma or other indicators of   AIDS. Eight of them, half in New York and half in Southern California, had had sex with an unidentified flight attendant. Initially described as “Case 057” and then as Patient O, he reported having about 250 sexual partners a year. That study incorrectly assumed that most patients developed AIDS symptoms within about 10 months of infection. In reality, it takes years  —   so some participants may have been infected long before meeting Mr. Dugas. Also, Mr. Dugas may have become the cluster’s focal point partly because he kept a diary. Men in the study reported an average of 227 partners a year, often quick, anonymous encounters in bars and bathhouses. But Mr. Dugas gave investigators 72 names. Dr. Harold W. Jaffe, who was one of the original investigators and is now the associate director for science at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said the text of the original article referred to a “patient outside California. ” But the chart, of which he had an early copy, was admittedly ambiguous. At the center is the “O” or “0,” identified as the “index patient. ” The other cases are numbered: “LA3” and “NY15,” for example. The legend itself sprang from the publicity campaign for a   1987 book, “And the Band Played On,” by Randy Shilts, a gay San Francisco journalist who himself died of AIDS in 1994. In a 1993 interview, Mr. Shilts said he had heard C. D. C. investigators use the term Patient Zero and thought, “Oooh, that’s catchy. ” By hunting down former boyfriends of men in the 1984 study, Mr. Shilts established that the flight attendant was Mr. Dugas, who was born in Quebec but lived his last years in Vancouver, British Columbia. Mr. Shilts said he was initially horrified that his publisher, St. Martin’s Press, focused his book tour on Patient Zero instead of the government’s slow response to the epidemic, but he went along. Although Mr. Shilts did not accuse Mr. Dugas of starting the American epidemic, he demonized him as a deliberate spreader of the virus who ignored a doctor’s demand that he stop having unprotected sex, and coldbloodedly told some sex partners that he had “gay cancer” and now they might get it. Back in 1984, the term Patient Zero was not normally used to describe an outbreak’s first case, said Dr. Jaffe, an author of the new Nature paper. “I don’t remember who first used it,” he said. “But after Randy Shilts did, we started saying it ourselves. ” Later, he said, when reporters asked if Mr. Dugas had brought AIDS to North America, “We said no, that he wasn’t the first. ” Dr. Jaffe added: “But I think they went with it anyway. The idea of Patient Zero was very attractive. Letter O would not be a story. ” Richard A. McKay, a Cambridge historian and another author of the Nature paper, has long fought for Mr. Dugas’s reputation, saying his friends in Vancouver’s gay community had painted a sympathetic portrait of him for Mr. Shilts, who ignored it. Humanizing Mr. Dugas could help in the fight to end the epidemic, said Dr. Robert M. Grant, an AIDS researcher at the University of California, San Francisco. Even though the disease can now be prevented and controlled, many people  —   in San Francisco and in Africa, he said  —   resist getting tested for H. I. V. and fool themselves into believing they are not at risk because they fear being blamed by their social circle. “No one wants to be the Patient Zero of their village,” he said. “But this may be helpful because it says, ‘Just because you are the first to be diagnosed doesn’t mean you started the epidemic. ’”",0
12850,"Ecuador Votes as Latin America’s Left Sags, a Generation of Icons Gone - The New York Times","QUITO, Ecuador  —   For most of Luis García’s adult life, a single name dominated the politics of this tiny Andean country: Rafael Correa, the leftist leader of Ecuador’s   citizens’ revolution. But when Mr. García went to the polls Sunday, Mr. Correa was not on the ballot. Unsatisfied with the options that remained, Mr. García, a    musician who first voted for Mr. Correa in 2006, chose to simply scribble over his ballot, rendering it invalid. “I don’t feel represented now,” he said. That feeling of malaise among the left has been spreading throughout Latin America as, one by one, a generation of iconic leaders has departed the stage, brought down by death, elections, impeachment or, in Mr. Correa’s case, term limits. They were known by many names, including the New Left, and ruled the length of the continent with big promises and bigger personalities. Picking up the mantle of the revolutions for which the region became famous in the 1960s and 1970s, these leaders expanded education, increased subsidies for the poor and built roads, highways and hospitals. But they often ran roughshod over those who tried to check their power, from judges to international lenders. And now, nearly all are gone. Hugo Chávez, Venezuela’s fiery leader, died of cancer in 2013, leaving behind a far less popular successor, Nicolás Maduro. The country spiraled into economic collapse as oil prices fell and the country elected the opposition to its National Assembly in 2015. Mr. Maduro dug in, tightening his grip with increasing repression. In Argentina in 2015, voters elected a   businessman to replace a populist, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, whose programs were popular with the poor and working class. The following year in Brazil, the leftist Dilma Rousseff was ousted through  impeachment. Her Workers’ Party now faces numerous corruption allegations, while Ms. Kirchner is defending herself against an indictment on financial charges. Then, November brought the death of the   of the region’s left: Fidel Castro of Cuba. “These are not isolated events it is a great reversal,” said Gabriela Rivadeneira, the president of Ecuador’s National Assembly, controlled by Mr. Correa’s Alianza País party, which for years   his reforms with few questions asked. “We are now the place that the region is looking at for what comes next. ” Mr. Correa was a    and often contradictory figure, an   economist who regularly flipped between the mold of a fiery populist and the pragmatism of a studied technocrat. By most accounts, poverty and inequality decreased in Ecuador as Mr. Correa funneled oil revenue into everything from raising the salaries of teachers to rebuilding the country’s highways and expanding clinics into the Amazon region. It helped that the price of oil was more than $100 per barrel for some of his tenure. Wealth flowed into the capital, Quito, whose streets bustle with new cars and S. U. V.s as workers dig a vast new metro system below. Mr. Correa also pulled his tiny country onto the international stage, echoing Mr. Castro from an earlier time by railing against capitalism and globalization. In 2012, he granted Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, protection at the Ecuadorean Embassy in London, a thumb in the eye of the United States. Mr. Assange remains there today. But whether Ecuador’s leftist agenda will continue when Mr. Correa leaves office is unclear. There is the question of oil revenue, for one. As in Argentina, Venezuela and Brazil, the social programs in Ecuador that lifted millions out of poverty were underwritten by a commodities boom that sputtered out years ago. Government revenue, around $25 billion a year when oil prices spiked, has now shrunk to less than half that, $11 billion, mainly because of the declining price of oil. That has left the country heavily indebted to China. Ecuador’s economy ground to a halt last year after growing, on average, 4 percent or more from 2006 to 2014. “The model has reached its end because the money has run out,” said César Robalino, a conservative banker at the Pichincha College of Economists in Quito. Mr. Robalino said Ecuador’s next president, regardless of political affiliation, would need to take a tougher line on spending, reduce the number of government workers and cut subsidies like the ones used to reduce gas prices for all Ecuadoreans. That is the stance championed by the conservative opposition candidate Guillermo Lasso, a wealthy banker from Mr. Correa’s hometown, Guayaquil, who finished second in the last election against him in 2013. Mr. Lasso is promising to roll back public spending while eliminating more than a dozen taxes, which would mean the loss of billions of dollars from state coffers. “What a government should do is facilitate entrepreneurship,” Mr. Lasso said in a TV interview during the campaign, adding that he thought Mr. Correa generated too much employment through   jobs. Lenin Moreno, the leading   candidate, has promised to do more with less, borrowing when necessary. In a response to written questions, Mr. Moreno said that despite the collapse of oil prices, Mr. Correa had avoided cutting social programs and gas subsidies used by the poor. Mr. Moreno said he would continue that policy if the left won. With about 80 percent of ballots counted on Sunday night, Mr. Moreno, 63, a former deputy of Mr. Correa, was leading with 38. 8 percent, just more than a point short of the threshold needed to avoid a second round in April. Analysts said that if the numbers held, they would create an opening for Mr. Lasso, who was in second place, to unite his and the remaining opposition votes and potentially capture the presidency. If Mr. Moreno wins, he will face the challenge of setting himself apart from his predecessor and his legacy. Mr. Correa has said he will move to Belgium after his term ends, but some argue that if the left remains in power, Mr. Correa will try to influence politics from behind the scenes. “‘I command, I direct,’ is how he thinks,” said Jorge León, a political scientist at the Central University of Ecuador. Mr. León pointed to an authoritarian streak in Mr. Correa that also became a hallmark of leftists in several other South American countries. After changing the Constitution  —   a move that allowed him to be   twice  —   the president proposed allowing himself to run for a fourth time. (He backtracked when it became clear that popular opinion was against him.) Mr. Correa also tried to make life difficult for his critics during his time in office. He sued journalists, toughened defamation laws and even took over TV channels whose owners criticized him. More recently, he tried to close an environmental group that was stirring up opposition to a planned copper mine in the Amazon. It will be up to Mr. Correa’s successor to decide whether to build on his legacy or reverse it. But those who have tried to forge a different path in the region have faced troubles. President Mauricio Macri of Argentina, despite his vow to revive the country’s economy with   policies, has had trouble attracting investment to his country, noted Franklin Ramírez, a professor at the Latin American Social Sciences Institute in Quito. Brazil’s president, Michel Temer, has been dogged by corruption allegations similar to those that brought down leftists. “It’s a little early to speak of the end of a cycle here” for the left, Mr. Ramírez said. “The hegemony of the left has ended,” he said, but added that it was not clear what would replace it.",0
12851,FCC Chairman Ajit Pai Signals No Interference in AT&ampT-Time Warner Deal - Breitbart,NEW YORK (AP)  —   ATT’s $85 billion purchase of Time Warner may be getting an easier path to approval after the chief telecommunications regulator says it isn’t likely to review the deal. [advertisement,0
12852,Rigged To The Max: Dirty Donna Shared Debate Questions With Hillary For Months!,"Joe Joseph dissects more evidence of a rigged 2016 election. More and more reasons to not participate in an utterly broken system!

Watch on YouTube 
Source: Donna Brazile Shared Additional Debate Questions With Clinton Campaign, Identified Her Tipster 
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. ",0
12853,Five Things to Watch for During Trump’s Israel Trip,"JERUSALEM  —   On Monday, President Donald Trump will arrive here in Israel for a     visit that will include meetings with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas, as well as visits to Jerusalem’s Western Wall, the Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial and the Israel Museum. [Here are five major things to look out for during Trump’s trip:  1  —   Will Trump keep his campaign pledge and move the U. S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Israel’s capital, Jerusalem? U. S. law requires the relocation of the embassy to Jerusalem. However, President Obama signed successive waivers delaying the move. The current waiver expires on June 1. Numerous reports in recent days cited White House officials saying that Trump is not expected to use the visit to announce an embassy move. Still, that prognosis is subject to change. “The president has not made a decision yet and is still reviewing that,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said last week. Even if Trump does not announce an embassy move, there are half measures that could be put into place, including the possibility of David Friedman, the U. S. ambassador to Israel, setting up shop at the U. S. consulate in Jerusalem instead of the beachfront embassy building in Tel Aviv. 2  —   Will Trump make policy declarations regarding the status of Jerusalem? It is not lost on observers that Trump will be in Jerusalem on Jerusalem Day, a national holiday here that marks Israel’s reunification of Jerusalem after the 1967 Six Day War and the establishment of Israeli sovereignty over the eastern sections of the city, which include the Old City, Western Wall and Temple Mount. Israel officially annexed Jerusalem in 1980 in a move not recognized by the international community because the Palestinians claim eastern sections of the city for a future Palestinian capital despite their never having had a state or entity in those areas. Current U. S. law does not officially recognize Israeli control over the eastern sections of the city, going so far as to prevent American citizens born in Jerusalem from listing “Israel” as their country of birth. All eyes will be on Trump to see if he makes any declarations regarding Israel’s status in Jerusalem. 3  —   Will Trump announce the launch of new, U. S.    negotiations? There are currently no plans for Trump to host a joint summit with Israeli and Palestinian leaders. Instead, the focus will be on whether Trump plans to announce the relaunch of   talks aimed at creating a Palestinian state despite the Palestinian Authority’s history of rejecting each previous Israeli offer of a state and in recent years refusing to even come to the bargaining table. These offers were made at Camp David in 2000, Taba in 2001, the Annapolis Conference in 2007 and again in 2008. In each of these cases, the PA refused generous Israeli statehood proposals and bolted negotiations without counteroffers. The PA also failed to respond to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s unprecedented attempts to   negotiations aimed at creating a Palestinian state, including freezing Jewish construction in the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem, and releasing Palestinian prisoners. U. S. Ambassador to Israel David Friedman said last week that the Trump administration does not plan to impose preconditions for talks and wants the two parties to iron things out. “As you can see, in contrast to what happened in 2009, when secretary [of state Hillary] Clinton demanded a complete settlement freeze and Abbas still didn’t show up to negotiate, here we have no demand for a settlement freeze and Abbas is prepared to meet with the prime minister of Israel without any preconditions,” he stated. There have been reports Trump is seeking to   talks for a period of six to twelve months without preconditions. 4  —   Will Trump express support for a plan beyond the     solution? Ever since the 1991 Madrid Conference and the largely failed 1993 Oslo Accords that legitimized   Yasser Arafat as a peace partner, the U. S. and international community have upheld the “two state solution” as the only framework for   negotiations. That “solution” calls for the creation of a Palestinian state with borders to be negotiated, but it is generally understood that such a state would encompass the Gaza Strip, major swaths of the West Bank and a foothold in eastern Jerusalem. Israeli frustration has grown after the PA turned down successive offers of a state and Abbas’s official government organs have continued to promote terrorism and the destruction of Israel. There has been widespread talk here about other ways to solve the   conflict, although the Israeli government has not officially proposed an alternative to the “  solution. ” Bucking the trends of the international community, Trump last February stated that the U. S. is open to possibilities outside the   framework. “I’m looking at   and   and I like the one that both parties like. I’m very happy with the one that both parties like,” Trump said at a White House press briefing with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. 5  —   Will Trump call on Sunni Arab countries to prod the Palestinians into talks and make a deal that would create peaceful relations between Israel and the countries of the larger Mideast and Persian Gulf? The tectonic plates have shifted in this region following eight years of the Obama administration’s failed Mideast policies, especially the U. S.  nuclear deal with Iran. Sunni Arab countries like Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have reportedly been working behind the scenes with Israel to tackle the Iran threat, and relations between Israel and Sunni Arab countries have grown warmer as a result. Last week, the Washington Post reported Trump may use his trip to Saudi Arabia to unveil plans for a new “Arab NATO”  —   a military alliance that would work to combat the threat of the Islamic State and other terrorist groups. Trump could take advantage of these regional trends to nudge Sunni Arab countries not currently in a state of peace with Israel (only Egypt and Jordan have signed peace deals with the Jewish state) to come out of the closet and launch official diplomatic relations with Israel instead of behind the scenes diplomacy. Trump could also include these Arab countries in   talks in hopes of forging a larger regional deal that goes beyond the   conflict. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.",0
12854,How to Earn Miles and Points Without Leaving Home - The New York Times,"Not a frequent traveler? Not a problem. You can still rack up miles and hotel points. Here are five things you already do  —   shop, eat, pay bills, drive, give to charity  —   that can help you get free flights and hotel stays. Bonus: You can earn these miles in less time than it takes to board a plane. 1. Shop Register with an airline mall portal such as Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan Shopping, American Airlines AAdvantage eShopping, Delta Skymiles Shopping, Free Spirit Online Mall, JetBlue’s ShopTrue, Southwest Rapid Rewards Shopping and United MileagePlus Shopping, and whatever you buy through the portal will earn you miles. For each dollar spent at stores as varied as Neiman Marcus, Walmart, Apple, Sephora and Groupon, you receive miles. For instance, a recent offer on Spirit’s mall was four miles for each dollar spent on Etsy. Airlines also have miles partnerships with all kinds of companies. They include: Theater and Concerts.  Seeing “The Book of Mormon” on Broadway isn’t just a delightful outing it can also bring you closer to your next vacation. American, Delta and United customers can earn miles by linking their frequent flier numbers with AudienceRewards. com and then buying their show tickets there. Loyalty program members of carriers, including JetBlue, Southwest and United, as well as hotel chains like Hilton can also earn miles with ScoreBig, which sells concert, sports and theater tickets. Investments. Consider opening a brokerage account. Members of the American Airlines loyalty program, for example, can earn 50, 000 miles for a deposit of $100, 000 or more to Fidelity, though they can still get miles for depositing less  —   a $25, 000 deposit earns 15, 000 miles. The same deal is available to Delta and United members. (American has an additional partnership with BankDirect.) Beauty. Buying treatments from Spafinder Wellness 365 is an indulgent way to earn miles. Delta loyalty members, for instance, earn five miles for each dollar spent American and JetBlue members earn three. Flowers and Wine. Romance pays. United States carriers  —   including American, Delta, JetBlue, Southwest, Spirit and United  —   offer miles for buying flowers from companies such as FTD  and 1800Flowers. com. Delta members, for example, can earn 20 miles for each dollar spent at FTD. If you prefer wine to roses, American, Delta and United offer miles for passengers who join a Vinesse wine club JetBlue offers miles through Club W. Television and Telephones. Your television habit could get you off the couch. American and United have relationships with DirecTV, which offers members 25, 000 miles if they order it. American loyalists can earn 20, 000 miles if they become new Sprint customers existing customers can also earn miles. Energy. Some energy providers offer miles for signing up. For instance, NRG Home, as well as NRG Home Solar, offers miles to members of the American, JetBlue and United loyalty programs. Hotel Stays. When booking a hotel you can often choose whether you want to receive points or miles. You generally get more value from hotel points. You can also earn miles just for booking. JetBlue members, for instance, can earn 1, 000 to 10, 000 points a night through the booking site Rocketmiles. There are too many ways to earn points from shopping to fully enumerate here. But here’s one more for fashion lovers: Delta will give members who join the designer shopping site Gilt. com 1, 000 bonus miles for their first purchase of $50 or more (existing Gilt members receive one or two miles for each dollar spent). Pro tip. A quick way to see if what you’re shopping for can earn miles or points is to go to Evreward. com. 2. Eat Register your credit card for free with an airline dining program from American, Delta, JetBlue, Southwest or United and then whenever you eat at a participating restaurant, you’ll earn miles. You may even get miles for signing up. Hotels including Hilton and InterContinental Hotel Group also have dining programs. 3. Pay Bills A rewards card, such as Chase Sapphire Preferred, is a must. The   bonuses alone can be enough for a free flight or hotel stay (the current offer is 50, 000 bonus points after you spend $4, 000 on purchases in the first three months). And then you regularly earn points if you pay your bills, like phone and cable, with it. Another tool is Plastiq, which allows consumers to pay any business with a credit card, even those that do not accept credit cards. Plastiq charges your rewards card and then sends a check or bank transfer to the company you wish to pay. You pay a fee (1 to 2. 5 percent) but the idea is that you’re earning miles, which can be worth paying the fee in certain circumstances. For instance, this can come in handy if, say, your power company doesn’t accept credit cards. But before you do this, check to see if there are “convenience fees” for paying the bills with your credit card instead of from your bank account. If there are, you’re likely losing any miles benefit unless you’re using a card with   points (such as the Starwood Preferred Guest American Express card where the points are considered valuable because of what you get in return, like some of the world’s top luxury hotel rooms) or if you’re trying to reach a   threshold to get a   bonus. 4. Drive or Be Driven Many airlines, including JetBlue and United, have partnerships with car rental companies. For instance, American Airlines members can earn miles with Alamo, Avis, Budget, Dollar, Europcar, Hertz, National, Sixt and Thrifty. The same is true for shuttle and car services. American, Delta and JetBlue have partnerships with Carmel Car and Limousine Service in New York, for example. Members of Delta’s program receive up to two miles for each dollar they spend. Uber, meanwhile, offers Starwood members one point for each dollar spent (more when using Uber during a hotel stay). And members of JetBlue’s program can get 500 to 1, 000 points for new Zipcar memberships. 5. Give to Charity Some charities dole out miles for donations. The National Foundation for Cancer Research, for instance, is offering American, Delta and United members who give $100 or more up to 15 miles for each dollar donated by May 31. Susan G. Komen offers American Airlines members 10 miles for each dollar. To keep up on the latest offers, check your airline’s website as well as blogs like the Points Guy and View From the Wing. Don’t Lose What You Earn Your points are worthless if they expire. Keep track of all your loyalty program points in one place with sites such as AwardWallet, Points. com and TripIt Pro’s Point Tracker.",0
12855,Керри: без России и Ирана урегулирование в Сирии невозможно,"27 октября 2016, 03:54 По словам государственного секретаря США Джона Керри, урегулирование сирийского кризиса невозможно без участия Ирана и России. 
«Год назад мы собрали Международную группу поддержки Сирии, которая включала все страны, вовлечённые в конфликт. В том числе Россию, и Иран. Кто-то говорит: зачем вы сидите за столом переговоров с этими ребятами? Потому что они вовлечены, становиться частью соглашения без них значит создавать новые проблемы»— приводит РИА Новости слова Керри в ходе выступления в совете Чикаго по международным отношениям. 
Как отметил дипломат, «проблему (урегулирования в Сирии. — RT) нельзя решить просто, выписав чек на поддержку беженцев», наоборот, «нужны всесторонние дипломатические усилия». 
15 октября в Лозанне состоялась министерская встреча по Сирии с участием России, США, Ирана, Катара, Саудовской Аравии, Турции, Египта, Ирака, Иордании и специального посланника генсекретаря ООН по Сирии Стаффана де Мистуры. На встрече была подчёркнута приверженность участников сохранению Сирии в качестве целостного, независимого и светского государства.  ",0
12856,Excerpts From the House Intelligence Committee Hearing on Russia - The New York Times,"The F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, and the director of the N. S. A. Adm. Michael S. Rogers, appeared in front of the House Intelligence Committee on Monday. Following are excerpts from their testimony, as transcribed by the Federal News Service. For more coverage, follow our live briefing. COMEY: Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Schiff, members of the committee, thank you for including me in today’s hearing. I’m honored to be here representing the people of the FBI. I hope we have shown you through our actions and our words how much we at the FBI value your oversight of our work and how much we respect your responsibility to investigate those things are important to the American people. Thank you for showing that both are being taken very seriously. As you know, our practice is not to confirm the existence of ongoing investigations, especially those investigations that involve classified matters, but in unusual circumstances where it is in the public interest, it may be appropriate to do so as Justice Department policies recognize. This is one of those circumstances. I have been authorized by the Department of Justice to confirm that the FBI, as part of our counterintelligence mission, is investigating the Russian government’s efforts to interfere in the 2016 presidential election and that includes investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia’s efforts. As with any counterintelligence investigation, this will also include an assessment of whether any crimes were committed. Because it is an open ongoing investigation and is classified, I cannot say more about what we are doing and whose conduct we are examining. At the request of congressional leaders, we have taken the extraordinary step in coordination with the Department of Justice of briefing this Congress’ leaders, including the leaders of this committee, in a classified setting in detail about the investigation but I can’t go into those details here. I know that is extremely frustrating to some folks. I hope you and the American people can understand. The FBI is very careful in how we handle information about our cases and about the people we are investigating. SCHIFF: Director Comey, I want to begin by attempting to put to rest several claims made by the president about his predecessor, namely that President Obama wiretapped his phones. So that we can be precise, I want to refer you to exactly what the president said and ask you whether there is any truth to it. First, the president claimed, quote, “Terrible. Just found out that Obama had my wires tapped in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism,” unquote. Director Comey, was the president’s statement that Obama had his wires tapped in Trump Tower a true statement? COMEY: With respect to the president’s tweets about alleged wiretapping directed at him by the prior administration, I have no information that supports those tweets and we have looked carefully inside the FBI. The Department of Justice has asked me to share with you that the answer is the same for the Department of Justice and all its components. The department has no information that supports those tweets. NUNES: Thank you, Director Comey. Admiral Rogers, first I wanna go to you. On January 6th, 2017, the intelligence community assessment assessing Russian activities and intentions in recent U. S. elections, stated that the types of systems Russian actors targeted or compromised were not involved in vote tallying. So my question as of today, Admiral Rogers, do you have any evidence that Russia cyber actors changed vote tallies in the state of Michigan? ROGERS: No I do not, but I would highlight we are a foreign intelligence organization, not a domestic intelligence organization. So it would be fair to say, we are probably not the best organization to provide a more complete answer. NUNES: How about the state of Pennsylvania? ROGERS: No, sir. NUNES: The state of Wisconsin? ROGERS: No, sir. NUNES: State of Florida? ROGERS: No, sir. NUNES: The state of North Carolina? ROGERS: No, sir. NUNES: The state of Ohio? ROGERS: No, sir. NUNES: So  —   so you have no intelligence that suggests, or evidence that suggests, any votes were changed? ROGERS: I have nothing generated by the national security industry, sir. NUNES: Director Comey, do you have any evidence at the FBI that any votes were changed in the states that I mentioned to Admiral Rogers? COMEY: No. GOWDY: I guess what I’m getting at, Director Comey, is you say it’s vital, you say it’s critical, you say it’s indispensable. We both know it’s a threat to the reauthorization of 702 later on this fall. And by the way, it’s also a felony punishable by up to 10 years. So how would you begin your investigation, assuming for the sake of argument that a U. S. citizen’s name appeared in the Washington Post and the New York Times unlawfully. Where would you begin that investigation? COMEY: Well, I’m not gonna talk about any particular investigation. .. GOWDY: That’s why I said in theory. COMEY: You would start by figuring out, so who are the suspects? Who touched the information that you’ve concluded ended up unlawfully in the newspaper and start with that universe and then use investigative tools and techniques to see if you can eliminate people, or include people as more serious suspects. GOWDY: Do you know whether Director Clapper knew the name of the U. S. citizen that appeared in the New York Times and Washington Post? COMEY: I can’t say in this forum because again, I don’t wanna confirm that there was classified information in the newspaper. GOWDY: Would he have access to an unmasked name? COMEY: In  —   in some circumstances, sure, he was the director of national intelligence. But I’m not talking about the particular. GOWDY: Would Director Brennan have access to an unmasked U. S. citizen’s name? COMEY: In some circumstances, yes. GOWDY: Would National Security Adviser Susan Rice have access to an unmasked U. S. citizen’s name? COMEY: I think any  —   yes, in general, and any other national security adviser would, I think, as a matter of their ordinary course of their business. GOWDY: Would former White House Advisor Ben Rhodes have access to an unmasked U. S. citizen’s name? COMEY: I don’t know the answer to that. GOWDY: Would former Attorney General Loretta Lynch have access to an unmasked U. S. citizen’s name? COMEY: In general, yes, as would any attorney general. GOWDY: So that would also include Acting AG Sally Yates? COMEY: Same answer. GOWDY: Did you brief President Obama on  —   well, I’ll just ask you. Did you brief President Obama on any calls involving Michael Flynn? COMEY: I’m not gonna get into either that particular case that matter, or any conversations I had with the president. So I can’t answer that.",0
12857,"Demonstrators Protest Outside Blue Cat Cafe, Say Graffiti Didn’t Come from Them","Demonstrators Protest Outside Blue Cat Cafe, Say Graffiti Didn’t Come from Them Katie Hall, Statesman, October 21, 2016 
More than a dozen people participated in a heated protest against gentrification outside an East Austin cafe Friday evening, but organizers denied being involved in the vandalism discovered at the business earlier today . 
The protest was organized by Defend Our Hoodz , which pointed at Blue Cat Cafe, located at East Cesar Chavez and Navasota streets, as one of many examples of gentrification in the area. 
{snip} 
The protest was heated at times. At one point, a few of the protesters surrounded and yelled at the cafe’s owner, who argued with them while standing outside the cafe. 
{snip} 
Blue Cat Cafe opened its doors a year ago on Oct. 17. It replaced the family-run piñata store Jumpolin, which was demolished in February 2015. Jumpolin’s owners said the eight-year-old business had been torn down with no notification, and the demolition sparked protests as people argued that the event symbolized how Austinites and Austin landowners are pushing out minority residents and business owners as the city grows. 
{snip} 
On Friday morning, the owner of Blue Cat Cafe discovered graffiti on the business’ walls that read “you gentrified scum.” The doors had also been glued shut, temporarily trapping the cafe’s cats inside. 
{snip} 
The cafe’s owner asked the Statesman not to use her name because of multiple death threats that she said she’s gotten from protesters who opposed the demolition of Jumpolin. 
“The vandalism and the mental anguish they’ve caused me and the cyber-bullying they do–it’s really out of control,” the owner said. “They show up with megaphones and they yell profanity; they send me emails with pictures of dead cats and pigs.” 
[Editor’s Note: There is footage of the protest at the original article link below.]",0
12858,Toby Keith and Trump Light Up a Lower-Wattage Concert - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   No Beyoncé. No Jon Bon Jovi. No U2. But no matter: For many of the thousands gathering at the Lincoln Memorial on Thursday afternoon for the preinaugural concert, the artists in the lineup were secondary to the chance to celebrate the coming presidency of Donald J. Trump. The day’s programming was heavy on country music, “God Bless America,” and a hefty number of bagpipes. Two friends, Kim Shourds and Susan Perkins Lovelady, drove in from Norfolk, Va. to attend the evening’s concerts. They danced and sang along to “God Blessed Texas,” but as they took a break, they said the volatile political climate wasn’t far from their minds. “This is a celebration of America,” Ms. Perkins Lovelady, 53, said. “After all of the negativity of the past year, all of the positivity is a good thing. It’s a heartsore country. ” Kenny and Katherine Dunham decided to make the   drive from Kinston, N. C. after hearing that Representative John Lewis of Georgia would boycott Mr. Trump’s inauguration. The Dunhams were not fazed by the lack of   entertainers. “I think if they don’t want to perform, they shouldn’t perform,” Mr. Dunham, 60, said. “But at the same time, my understanding is they weren’t asked to. Toby Keith is going to perform. Lee Greenwood is going to perform. ” Some of the loudest cheers of the evening were for Jon Voight, the only   Hollywood actor to lend his name to the event, as he spoke to the crowd about the “barrage of propaganda” that Mr. Trump had faced in his race to the presidency. “He certainly didn’t need this job,” Mr. Voight said of Mr. Trump. “And yes, God answered all of our prayers. ” Mr. Voight then introduced Sam Moore, one half of the duo Sam  Dave, who performed a soulful rendition of “America the Beautiful. ” Mr. Trump made his first appearance about an hour into the show  —   called the “Make America Great Again! Welcome Celebration”  —   when he walked down the steps of the Lincoln Memorial with his wife, Melania. He turned and saluted Lincoln’s statue, then descended the steps with a small wave and gave his supporters a thumbs up. Mr. Trump and his family watched the performance of the Frontmen of Country, a group featuring three lead singers: Richie McDonald of Lonestar, Larry Stewart of Restless Heart, and Tim Rushlow, formerly of Little Texas. They played a medley that included a cover of Marc Cohn’s “Walking In Memphis” and Lonestar’s hit “I’m Already There. ” Mr. Greenwood then joined for a performance of “God Bless the U. S. A. ”  —   Mr. Trump’s   song during the campaign. The   could be seen mouthing the words of the song on the side of the stage, to the delight of the crowd. After the performance, Mr. Trump pumped his fist, and embraced the musicians as they walked off stage. The audience was subdued for 3 Doors Down, an alternative rock band that hasn’t made the Billboard Top 10 chart since 2003, and the Piano Guys, a group featuring a cellist and pianist that is known for its eclectic covers of pop songs. However, it was Mr. Keith, the country star and the night’s biggest draw, who brought the National Mall roaring back to life. There has never been a president crossing over so directly from the   world as Mr. Trump, who remains an executive producer of “The Celebrity Apprentice” and has cultivated big names in Hollywood for decades (even making a “Home Alone 2” cameo). Yet those big names are shunning his inauguration, including Thursday’s event, unlike the Lincoln Memorial concert in 2009 for President Obama that featured Beyoncé and other stars. The artists who are showing up are reflective of the   of the United States that buoyed Mr. Trump to victory in November, while belying the opulence he is known for. Standing by the memorial’s reflecting pool a few hours before the show, John Stephan, a    retired banker, said he left California on Tuesday to be part of the festivities and snagged a ticket to the concert at the last minute. As for the various entertainers who had snubbed the concert  —   or even said yes and then backpedaled  —   Mr. Stephan was dismissive. “I think it’s sad when anybody says, you know, ‘My opinion of a person’s more important than let’s just get the country going,’” he said. Lines to get into the show began forming in the morning. About 5, 000 tickets were available, and the crowd steadily filled the empty spots near the memorial and on the mall by the start of the show. Along the streets leading to the memorial, people pulled wagons full of homemade Trump merchandise, including Make America Great Again hats and Trump scarves. Rick Storm traveled in from Philadelphia with a backpack full of $10   to sell. By 1 p. m. he had sold only one  . “I just started,” Mr. Storm said. Sitting on the ground near the reflecting pool, Tom Boatman and his wife, Kathy, were resting and waiting for headliners to start. They had driven from Cookeville, Tenn. to attend the inauguration. The couple said they were both looking forward to the concerts, but the big priority for them was to see Mr. Trump take office. “It’ll be over this time tomorrow,” Mr. Boatman, who works as a plant operations manager, said of Mr. Obama’s administration. “I didn’t vote for him, but I had hope. ” Mr. Trump’s campaign, as some of his supporters see it, was never about fitting in with the Hollywood crowd. Thursday’s lineup suited them just fine. Truth be told, they didn’t want Beyoncé anyway. They wanted Mr. Trump, who was expected to speak at the concert. “That’ll be the highlight,” Mr. Stephan said. At the closing of the show, Mr. Trump gave the crowd what it wanted. “You’re not forgotten anymore,” he said as part of his brief remarks. With that, a massive fireworks display started over the Lincoln Memorial, including one firework that formed the letters “U. S. A. ”",0
12859,Manny Pacquiao's Son Dead? Report Says Jimuel Pacquiao Dies Of Asthm Complications - Morning News USA,"Continue Scroll down to preview in browser Manny Pacquiao’s Son Dead? Report Says Jimuel Pacquiao Dies Of Asthm Complications NCAA Season 87: Opening Day, July 2, 2011 inboundpass/ Flickr cc",0
12860,Ivanka Trump Calls for ’Religious Tolerance’ After Threats Hit Jewish Communities - Breitbart,"Ivanka Trump has called for “religious tolerance” in a message on Twitter Monday, after a series of bomb threats were made against 11 Jewish community centers across the country. [“America is a nation built on the principle of religious tolerance,” Ivanka wrote. “We must protect our houses of worship  religious centers. ”  America is a nation built on the principle of religious tolerance. We must protect our houses of worship  religious centers. #JCC,  —   Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) February 20, 2017,  The White House also denounced the threats in a statement. “Hatred and   violence of any kind have no place in a country founded on the promise of individual freedom,” the White House said. “The President has made it abundantly clear that these actions are unacceptable. ” The JCC Association of North America reported that 11 Jewish community centers in cities such as Chicago, Buffalo, Houston, and Tampa received bomb threats Monday. The threats “were determined to be hoaxes. ” “Our JCCs are strongly rooted in communities across the country,” David Posner, director of strategic performance at JCC Association of North America, said in a statement. “We will not be cowed by threats intended to disrupt people’s lives or the vital role Jewish community centers play as gathering places, schools, camps, and fitness and recreation centers. ” Vandals also destroyed 100 headstones at a Jewish cemetery in St. Louis, according to CNN. Police responded to the incident at Chesed Shel Emeth Society Cemetery Monday at 8:30 a. m. the news outlet reported. Disgusted to hear about the senseless act of desecration at the cemetery in University City. We must fight acts of intolerance and hate.  —   Eric Greitens (@EricGreitens) February 21, 2017,  “Disgusted to hear about the senseless act of desecration at the cemetery in University City. We must fight acts of intolerance and hate,” Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens (R) wrote on Twitter Monday evening.",0
12861,"Dan Savage On Trump’s Misogyny: ‘If Gay Was a Choice,’ Trump Would Be (VIDEO)","Dan Savage On Trump’s Misogyny: ‘If Gay Was a Choice,’ Trump Would Be (VIDEO) By Jordan Baranowski   
Sex advice columnist Dan Savage is often outspoken about his concerns with how politicians treat minorities, women, and the LGBT community. In a recent interview, Savage took a break from giving relationship advice and revealed a theory he has about Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. 
Speaking with host Mike Pesca on Slate ‘s The Gist podcast, Savage tried his hand at figuring out the root of Trump’s misogynistic comments and alleged sexual assault : “I’ve never really said this out loud before, so forgive me if I say this in an inarticulate way, but I’ve encountered over my life straight guys who hated women so much that you could almost sense that if gay was a choice, they would make it.” 
Trump has an almost pathological need to be seen as powerful and in control, and Savage thinks that need, as well as fear of the power of female sexuality, is the root of his misogynistic behavior: “They’re condemned to sit with both their hatred and disgust with women and their fear of women’s bodies and their insecurity and their need for them, their desire for them, because they are who they are sexually attracted to, and the cognitive dissonance that can produce — you see those guys who are much more comfortable in the company of men, but they need this thing… They need this woman, and they need her as an object. They can’t see her as a human being, or see them as human beings.” 
Savage states that he does not think Trump is actually gay, but that he would probably be happier if he was, since he would never have to interact with women in that case. 
Savage’s biggest concern with the Trump campaign is not the actual candidate, however. He is more concerned with the hatred and vitriol that the Republican party has adopted because of him: “I’m more concerned that, like climate change, assault is now a partisan issue, and that’s going to play out for 30 years… You’ve got the Giulianis and the Gingriches from their moral high grounds defending this. You’ve got rank-and-file Republican knuckle-draggers — including Republican women — defending this.” 
It should be noted that both former New York City mayor Rudy Guiliani and former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich adamantly defend Trump in the face of sexual assault allegations. It should also be noted that both have been married multiple times and engaged in very public affairs. 
It will be up to those “rank-and-file” Republicans to put the ugly, misogynist rhetoric of Donald Trump behind them after election day. Hopefully Savage is wrong when he says that he expects this to be a partisan issue for 30 years. 
Check out another interview from Savage here , where he refers to Trump as the “enemy of the LGBT community.” 
Featured Image via YouTube Video About Jordan Baranowski 
Jordan is a writer and teacher based out of Kansas City. Connect",0
12862,"Air China Will Fly You to London, and Warn You About Dark-Skinned People There - The New York Times","Like most   airplane magazines, Wings of China features anodyne articles, along with tips on cities served by Air China, the country’s flagship   airline. But the September issue, dedicated to tourist attractions in London and other   British towns, took a sharp detour into an international social media uproar and national embarrassment with some   words on safety. The passage, written in Chinese and English, said tourists should take precautions “when entering areas mainly populated by Indians, Pakistanis and black people. ” It added, “We advise tourists not to go out alone at night, and females always to be accompanied by another person when traveling. ” The passage offended Twitter users like Georgina Blewett, who wrote: “Whoever wrote that #AirChina racist guide nonsense should be embarrassed as hell. And the dummy who gave final approval. ” Several British politicians also expressed outrage one invited Air China officials to visit his multiethnic election district to see how safe it was. Haze Fan, a producer for CNBC in Beijing, brought attention to the passage by tweeting a photograph of it on Tuesday. “A piece of advice in Air China   magazine. What does @MayorofLondon think?” Ms. Fan wrote, referring to Sadiq Khan, the new London mayor, who is of Pakistani origin and whose Twitter posts regularly praise London’s multiculturalism. Air China was quick to apologize, saying on Twitter that it did “not condone discrimination in any shape or form” and that copies of the magazine were being removed from all flights. Joyce Zhang, a spokeswoman for Air China in Beijing, said in an statement on Thursday that the article in Wings of China contained “inappropriate expressions,” and that in general its articles did not represent the opinions of Air China. The magazine apologized as well, blaming an “editing error” for the travel warning. “After the problem was discovered, Air China immediately removed all copies of the magazine from all its flights, and demanded that Wings of China seriously draw a lesson from the incident, strengthen reviews of its contents and prevent similar problems from taking place again,” Ms. Zhang said. “As an airline that has flights across six continents, Air China always highly respects the culture and customs of people of every ethnicity in the world. ” The episode showed that China’s desire to be regarded as a sophisticated global player taking its rightful place on the world stage can be undercut by the provincial attitudes of some Chinese. Many Chinese make negative comments in private about people with darker skin color. In an article on CNBC’s website, Ms. Fan pointed to a recent online video advertisement for the clothes detergent Qiaobi that showed an attractive Chinese woman throwing a   black man into a laundry machine, only for him to emerge, after being washed with the detergent, as a clean Asian man (presumably Han, the dominant Chinese ethnicity). In May, the detergent maker, Shanghai Leishang Cosmetics, expressed “regret” over the ad, but also said foreign news organizations had exaggerated it. The Telegraph, the British newspaper, reported on Wednesday that two members of Parliament, Rosena   and Virendra Sharma, had objected to the travel warning and were contacting the Chinese ambassador to Britain, Liu Xiaoming. “I am shocked and appalled that even today, some people would see it as acceptable to write such blatantly untrue and racist statements,” said Mr. Sharma, a member of the Labour party, according to The Telegraph. “I have invited representatives of Air China to visit my constituency of Ealing Southall to see that a very multicultural area is safe, and would be of great value for those visiting London to see,” said Mr. Sharma, who is of Indian heritage. “I will await their response, and if an appropriate one is not forthcoming, I shall feel forced to question whether Air China is a fit company to operate in the U. K. ” Chinese tourists are flocking to Britain in greater numbers to buy luxury goods in the aftermath of the “Brexit” vote and with the British pound slumping. And in 2015, Chinese visitors made 270, 000 trips to Britain, an increase of 46 percent over the previous year, according to Visit Britain, an official tourism agency. In May, Queen Elizabeth II told a police commander at a Buckingham Palace party that Chinese officials had been “very rude’’ during President Xi Jinping’s state visit in October 2015.",0
12864,Morning Joe Destroys Corrupt Clinton Foundation (Laughable) “Total Corruption”,"Abby Martin Exposes What Hillary Clinton Really Represents ‹ › Since 2011, VNN has operated as part of the Veterans Today Network ; a group that operates over 50 plus media, information and service online sites for U.S. Military Veterans. Morning Joe Destroys Corrupt Clinton Foundation (Laughable) “Total Corruption” By VNN on October 28, 2016 'Pay for Play' and 'Quid Pro Quo' 'Shut Down The Foundation' 
Inside the Clinton’s Foundation and Personal Gains They are bragging that they can shake down foundation clients, for Bill Clinton money… This is sleazy… Joe Scarborough. 
Follow the money.",0
12865,"Maxine Waters: Trump Is ’Not My President,’ Leads Crowd in ’Impeach 45’ Chant - Breitbart","Sunday at the annual LA Pride parade and resist march, Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) led the crowd in a chant to “impeach 45. ”  Waters said, “He is not my president. He is not your president. He lies. He cheats. He’s a bully. He disrespects us all. If he thinks he can mess with the LGBT community, he better look at what happened right here in West Hollywood. You deny, you disrespect, and you will find that there are people who have the courage to organize and to take back whatever needs to be taken back. We resist this president because he stands for the worst of everything. And guess what, I know that people may not quite be ready. I know some are a little hesitant. I know some are saying I’m not so sure, Maxine, that what you are saying is the right thing, but I’m saying, impeach 45. Impeach 45. ” After the chant, she added, “I love you all. And I know that we are going to take our country back from him. I know you have the strength. I know that you have the courage. I know that each of you knows you have the power! Stay woke!” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN ",0
12866,"Ruth Bader Ginsburg, No Fan of Donald Trump, Critiques Latest Term - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Unless they have a book to sell, Supreme Court justices rarely give interviews. Even then, they diligently avoid political topics. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg takes a different approach. These days, she is making no secret of what she thinks of a certain presidential candidate. “I can’t imagine what this place would be  —   I can’t imagine what the country would be  —   with Donald Trump as our president,” she said. “For the country, it could be four years. For the court, it could be  —   I don’t even want to contemplate that. ” It reminded her of something her husband, Martin D. Ginsburg, a prominent tax lawyer who died in 2010, would have said. “‘Now it’s time for us to move to New Zealand,’” Justice Ginsburg said, smiling ruefully. In an interview in her chambers on Friday, Justice Ginsburg took stock of a tumultuous term and chastised the Senate for refusing to act on President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee. Her colleagues have said nothing in public about the presidential campaign or about Mr. Obama’s stalled nomination of Judge Merrick B. Garland to the Supreme Court. But Justice Ginsburg was characteristically forthright, offering an unequivocal endorsement of Judge Garland. “I think he is about as well qualified as any nominee to this court,” she said. “Super bright and very nice, very easy to deal with. And super prepared. He would be a great colleague. ” Asked if the Senate had an obligation to assess Judge Garland’s qualifications, her answer was immediate. “That’s their job,” she said. “There’s nothing in the Constitution that says the president stops being president in his last year. ” The court has been   since Justice Antonin Scalia died in February, and Justice Ginsburg said it will probably remain that way through most or all of its next term, which starts in October. Even in “the best case,” in which Judge Garland was confirmed in the   session of Congress after the presidential election on Nov. 8, she said, he will have missed most of the term’s arguments and so could not vote in those cases. Justice Ginsburg, 83, said she would not leave her job “as long as I can do it full steam. ” But she assessed what is at stake in the presidential election with the precision of an actuary, saying that Justices Anthony M. Kennedy and Stephen G. Breyer are no longer young. “Kennedy is about to turn 80,” she said. “Breyer is going to turn 78. ” For the time being and under the circumstances, she said, the Supreme Court is doing what it can. She praised Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. “He had a hard job,” Justice Ginsburg said. “I think he did it quite well. ” It was a credit to the   court that it deadlocked only four times, she said, given the ideological divide between its liberal and conservative wings, both with four members. One of the   ties, Friedrichs v. California Teachers Association, averted what would have been a severe blow to public unions had Justice Scalia participated. “This court couldn’t have done better than it did,” Justice Ginsburg said of the deadlock. When the case was argued in January, the majority seemed prepared to overrule a 1977 precedent that allowed public unions to charge nonmembers fees to pay for collective bargaining. A second deadlock, in United States v. Texas, left in place a nationwide injunction blocking Mr. Obama’s plan to spare more than four million unauthorized immigrants from deportation and allow them to work. That was unfortunate, Justice Ginsburg said, but it could have been worse. “Think what would have happened had Justice Scalia remained with us,” she said. Instead of a single sentence announcing the tie, she suggested, a   majority would have issued a   decision dealing a lasting setback to Mr. Obama and the immigrants he had tried to protect. Justice Ginsburg noted that the case was in an early stage and could return to the Supreme Court. “By the time it gets back here, there will be nine justices,” she said. She also assessed whether the court might have considered a narrow ruling rejecting the suit, brought by Texas and 25 other states, on the ground that they had not suffered the sort of direct and concrete injury that gave them standing to sue. Some of the chief justice’s writings suggested that he might have found the argument attractive. “That would have been hard for me,” Justice Ginsburg said, “because I’ve been less rigid than some of my colleagues on questions of standing. There was a good argument to be made, but I would not have bought that argument because of the damage it could do” in other cases. The big cases the court did decide, on abortion and affirmative action, were triumphs, Justice Ginsburg said. Both turned on Justice Kennedy’s vote. “I think he comes out as the great hero of this term,” Justice Ginsburg said. The affirmative action case, Fisher v. University of Texas, was decided by just seven justices, 4 to 3. Justice Elena Kagan had recused herself because she had worked on the case as United States solicitor general. But Justice Ginsburg said the decision was built to last. “If Justice Kagan had been there, it would have been 5 to 3,” she said. “That’s about as solid as you can get. ” “I don’t expect that we’re going to see another affirmative action case,” Justice Ginsburg added, “at least in education. ” The abortion decision, Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt, in a    vote, struck down two parts of a restrictive Texas law, ones requiring doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at nearby hospitals and abortion clinics to meet the demanding standards of ambulatory surgical centers. Justice Kennedy had only once before voted to find an abortion restriction unconstitutional, in Planned Parenthood v. Casey in 1992, when he joined Justices Sandra Day O’Connor and David H. Souter to save the core of Roe v. Wade, the 1973 decision that established a constitutional right to abortion. Asked if she had been pleased and surprised by Justice Kennedy’s vote in the Texas case, Justice Ginsburg responded: “Of course I was pleased, but not entirely surprised. I know abortion cases are very hard for him, but he was part of the troika in Casey. ” Justice Breyer wrote the methodical majority opinion in the Texas case, and Justice Ginsburg added only a brief, sharp concurrence. “I wanted to highlight the point that it was perverse to portray this as protecting women’s health,” she said of the challenged requirements. “Desperate women then would be driven to unsafe abortions. ” The decision itself, she said, had a message that transcended the particular restrictions before the court. “It says: ‘No laws that are meant to deny a woman her right to choose,’” she said. Asked if there were cases she would like to see the court overturn before she leaves it, she named one. “It won’t happen,” she said. “It would be an impossible dream. But I’d love to see Citizens United overruled. ” She mulled whether the court could revisit its 2013 decision in Shelby County v. Holder, which effectively struck down a key part of the Voting Rights Act. She said she did not see how that could be done. The court’s 2008 decision in District of Columbia v. Heller, establishing an individual right to own guns, may be another matter, she said. “I thought Heller was “a very bad decision,” she said, adding that a chance to reconsider it could arise whenever the court considers a challenge to a gun control law. Should Judge Garland or another Democratic appointee join the court, Justice Ginsburg will find herself in a new position, and the thought seemed to please her. “It means that I’ll be among five more often than among four,” she said.",0
12867,"“Man hat Angst, das Haus zu verlassen”","syrien Die Dokumentarfilmerin Maria Iwanowa hat in Syrien gedreht. Quelle:Elena Kern / Pressebild 
Was hat Sie dazu bewegt, in den Nahen Osten aufzubrechen, um dort einen Film über Flüchtlinge zu drehen? 
Die Dreharbeiten begannen in einem Flüchtlingslager in Berlin. Ich war auf der Suche nach einer Protagonistin. Man sagte mir aber, dass junge Frauen aus Syrien nicht alleine fliehen – entweder mit ihren Männern, oder mit Verwandten. 
Dann schaute ich mich einfach nach interessanten Gesichtern um. So fand ich meinen Protagonisten, den 14-jährigen Muhamed, der von seinen Eltern nach Deutschland geschickt worden war. Er hat den gesamten Weg alleine zurückgelegt, um später einen rechtlichen Anspruch auf Familiennachzug zu haben und seine Verwandten aus Syrien nachzuholen. 
Während der Dreharbeiten ist mir klar geworden, dass ich weiter nach Damaskus muss, wo Muhameds Eltern geblieben sind. Wegen Problemen mit dem Visum mussten mein Kameramann und ich über Beirut nach Syrien fliegen, weil der Libanon für Russen visumsfrei ist. „Angriff? Kaffeepause!“: Was russische Reporter in Syrien erlebt haben Als wir auf einer Schnellstraße unterwegs waren, da wusste ich: Zehn Kilometer von uns entfernt ist der IS, ganz nah. Wir fuhren 200 Kilometer in der Stunde und als unser Fahrer ein Motorrad sah, drehte er abrupt um und fuhr in die Gegenrichtung. Ich fragte nachher, warum er das gemacht habe. Er sagte, dass die Terroristen öfter mit Motorrädern unterwegs seien. 
So kamen wir nach Damaskus. Die Heizung in unserer Wohnung funktionierte nicht. Es gab keinen Strom und kein heißes Wasser, wir schliefen auf einer Art Sofa – im Nahen Osten hat man keine richtigen Betten. Um drei Uhr morgens hörte ich Bombenangriffe. 
Sieht es so in der gesamten Stadt aus? 
Ich war im Süden und da hat man Angst, sein Haus zu verlassen. Man kann die Angst in den Augen der Menschen sehen und die Atmosphäre ist sehr bedrückt. 
Haben sie die Eltern Muhameds letztendlich finden können? Konnten sie mit ihnen Kontakt aufnehmen? 
Sie empfingen uns sehr herzlich und luden uns zum Abendessen ein. Sie haben alles, um in Kontakt zu bleiben, sie nutzen soziale Netzwerke. Nach dem Treffen kehrten wir nach Beirut zurück, um von da aus in Flüchtlingslager in den Bergen zu fahren. Dort haben wir dann nochmal zwei Wochen lang gedreht. 
Gibt es Unterschiede zwischen den Flüchtlingslagern im Libanon und in Deutschland? Schlacht um Mossul: Steht ein zweites Aleppo bevor? Aber sicher. Im Libanon gibt es kaum Annehmlichkeiten. Im Film geht es unter anderem um einen Mann, der 17 Kinder hat. Er wohnt in einem Zelt, das er einfach in verschiedene Räume geteilt hat. Er flickt, wenn etwas kaputtgeht, sie schlafen auf dem Boden. Obwohl diese Menschen in schrecklichen Bedingungen leben, haben sie versucht, etwas für uns zu kochen. Sie haben Oud – ein orientalisches Musikinstrument – gespielt, haben Witze gemacht: Sie leben und hoffen, dass sie irgendwann nach Hause können. Alle denken nur daran. Viele wollen natürlich nach Europa und haben schon einen Antrag gestellt. Aber nicht jeder wird aufgenommen.
Der Libanon ist ein sehr interessantes Land. Stellen Sie sich das mal vor: Auf einem Gebiet, das kleiner als das Verwaltungsgebiet Moskau ist, leben 18 religiöse Bewegungen, vier Millionen Menschen und anderthalb Millionen Flüchtlinge zusammen. Ich habe trotzdem keine Konflikte gesehen, zum Beispiel zwischen Christen und Muslimen. Alle gehen in dieselben Restaurants und Kinos. Alles ist friedlich. 
Spürt man im Libanon etwas vom Krieg im Nachbarland? 
Man spürt den alten Krieg, also den Bürgerkrieg: Es gibt zum Teil zerbombte Gebäude, viel Militärpersonal, Kontrollposten. Manchmal sieht man Transportpanzer. Gleichzeitig sieht man aber auch eine Halle für moderne Kunst gleich neben den Soldaten, und ein Stück weiter ein modernes Kino. Es ist ein Patchwork-Land und sehr vielfältig. 
Ich bin mit dem Auto und einem Fahrer gereist und habe schöne Städte, Berge und eine Weinproduktion gesehen. Ich war auf einem Apfelfest. Angst hatte ich keine. Es gibt einen modernen Flughafen, Taxis, Hotels, sehr gute Restaurants, Strände und Kinos. Aber derzeit kann Ihnen niemand garantieren, dass Sie hundertprozentig sicher sind – das gilt übrigens auch für Frankreich oder Deutschland. Der Libanon unterscheidet sich in diesem Sinne nicht von Europa. RBTH-Check 
Der Film feierte am 24. Oktober im Rahmen des Russischen Filmfestivals “Fünf Jahre in fünf Tagen” in Beirut Premiere. 
Dieser Beitrag erschien zuerst bei RIA Nowosti . Alle Rechte vorbehalten",0
12868,The Nuclear Option - Peak Drainage: Swamp Thing Comey Deserved to Be Fired - Breitbart,"This is what happens if you mess with the swamp. All the swamp creatures begin snapping and writhing and yowling like angry cats in the dark. [For the better part of a year now, the only thing everyone in Washington could agree upon was that   FBI Director Jim Comey was an overreaching, underperforming dolt.  That was after Ms. Lynch had met privately on a jet with former President Bill Clinton on a tarmac in Phoenix. This was at a time when Mr. Clinton’s wife was running for president while under investigation by the attorney general and the FBI for criminal misuse of classified emails. Wearing his Big Boy AG shoes last summer, Mr. Comey delivered the most damning   of Mrs. Clinton in the history of criminal justice. After listing a long rap sheet of inexcusable, reckless and conspiratorial handling of state secrets over a purposely concealed home email server  —   designed specifically to shield Mrs. Clinton from public scrutiny  —   Mr. Comey jarringly announced that he was recommending that no charges would be forthcoming. “Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information, our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case,” he said, concluding his withering damnation of Mrs. Clinton last July. But, lest any mere mortals think they might get away with doing the same thing Mrs. Clinton had done, Mr. Comey was blunt. “To be clear, this is not to suggest that in similar circumstances, a person who engaged in this activity would face no consequences,” he warned. “To the contrary, those individuals are often subject to security or administrative sanctions. ” “But” he added, “that is not what we are deciding now. ” In other words, if you are a former first lady who is about to be the next president and whose husband is a former president who just met privately on a plane on a tarmac, then you won’t be charged. But if you are a mere citizen or public employee with no such influence, you’re gambling with your life and your career. Ahhh, life in the swamp. Despite all of this baggage, Democrats nominated Mrs. Clinton anyway. But Mr. Comey was not finished with her yet. Like a swamp cat playing with a swamp rat, he toyed with her again and again up until the last weeks and days of the campaign. Mr. Comey was for her before he was against her. Then he was for her again. Life in the swamp can be disorienting  —   especially if you are the rat being toyed with. “If the election had been on Oct. 27, I would be your president,” Mrs. Clinton said recently, referring to one of Mr. Comey’s final interferences in the campaign. The election, of course, was held a week later. And she lost. Donald Trump was hired instead to drain the swamp Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Comey had inhabited for far too long. Now, of course, Mr. Comey has been sacked and the Democrats are losing their minds. None of them seems to think Mr. Comey should not have been fired. They just think he should have been fired sooner. Truth is, they really just think he should have been fired by President Hillary Clinton. Which raises another interesting question. If the Democrats’ only complaint right now is that Mr. Trump did not fire Mr. Comey sooner, then shouldn’t they be mad at former President Barack Obama for not firing Mr. Comey after the election? Or, even better, before the election?",0
12869,Seth Rogen: ’Important to Normalize Dissent’ Against Trump,"Canadian actor and filmmaker Seth Rogen believes it is important that resistance to Donald Trump’s presidency and his policy agenda be “normalized. ”[“I don’t want to look back in ten years and think, ‘I just didn’t say anything during that time,’ because it seems like a time where it’s very important to normalize dissent,” Rogen told the Daily Beast in an interview at the SXSW festival, where his latest film, The Disaster Artist, premiered this week.  The Sausage Party star says he’s “been very conscious not to insult people who voted for Donald Trump,” but believes it also important for him to normalize “the idea that a lot of people do not think that he is a good president, and do not think that he is bringing the country in a good direction, and not making it seem like some fringe,   thing that only really aggressive people who have whipped themselves into some sort of frenzy are expressing. ” Rogen added that “as a white dude,” he realizes that he’s “not the one who’s in real trouble right now. ” “I find myself not even aligned with the left wing of American politics often, because in Canada, even that is pretty far right in many lines of thinking,” he said. “I’m not used to being thrilled with American politics in general. But I do think it’s a lot better than most places better than a lot of other places I’ve been. I’m allowed to say and do things here that I couldn’t in other places. ” Rogen has stepped up his criticism of the president in recent months. In February, he tweeted a message to Donald Trump Jr. asking his dad to resign from office before he “destroys the planet. ” Let’s see if this works! pic. twitter.   —   Seth Rogen (@Sethrogen) February 16, 2017,  On Twitter, the actor has also taken aim at the GOP effort to repeal and replace Obamacare, and has criticized Trump’s recent executive order on immigration. But Rogen says as someone who “mostly just tries to observe a little bit,” he can empathize with people who are both for and against Trump. “I agree with the people who are very angry,” Rogen said, “and I also agree with the people who are like, ‘We have to look for ways to not create more division, and to come together,’ and I sympathize with the people who are like, ‘F*ck that! This is ridiculous,’ and I sympathize with the people who are like, ‘F*ck that! That’s never going to solve anything. ’” However, the    says he won’t be surprised “if one day we’re sitting at home watching a tape of Donald Trump jerking off while women piss on each other, if that’s where all this ends, then that’s just fantastic. ”   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
12870,Humanity’s Greatest Mysteries - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Nation Puts 2016 Election Into Perspective By Reminding Itself Some Species Of Sea Turtles Get Eaten By Birds Just Seconds After They Hatch WASHINGTON—Saying they felt anxious and overwhelmed just days before heading to the polls to decide a historically fraught presidential race, Americans throughout the country reportedly took a moment Thursday to put the 2016 election into perspective by reminding themselves that some species of sea turtles are eaten by birds just seconds after they hatch. Cleveland Indians Worried Team Cursed After Building Franchise On Old Native American Stereotype CLEVELAND—Having watched in horror as their team crumbled after a 3-1 World Series lead, members of the Cleveland Indians expressed concern Thursday that the organization has been cursed for building their franchise on an incredibly old Native American stereotype. Report: Election Day Most Americans’ Only Time In 2016 Being In Same Room With Person Supporting Other Candidate WASHINGTON—According to a report released Thursday by the Pew Research Center, Election Day 2016 will, for the majority of Americans, mark the only time this year they will occupy the same room as a person who supports a different presidential candidate. Nurse Reminds Elderly Man She’s Just Down The Hall If He Starts To Die DES PLAINES, IL—Assuring him that she’d be at his side in a jiffy, local nurse Wendy Kaufman reminded an elderly resident at the Briarwood Assisted Living Community that she was just down the hall if he started to die, sources reported Tuesday. ",0
12871,"Flashback: Hillary Labeled ‘High Priest,’ ‘Goddess of Occult’ in Guccifer Letter | RedFlag News","
by Adan Salazar, INFOWARS 
Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was dubbed a “high priest” and a “goddess of the occult” in a letter recently sent from Romanian hacker Guccifer to Fox News. 
The letter is receiving renewed scrutiny following revelations Friday that Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta attends bizarre occult rituals involving a mixture of breast milk, blood and semen in what is being termed the most disturbing email exposed by Wikileaks. 
Back in September, Fox News posted images of the letter it received from Guccifer, whose real name is Marcel Lazăr, postmarked September 16, 2016, in which he claimed the goal of the “Guccifer project” failed because he was unable to “fully expose the Illuminati / the council and their crimes.” 
Here’s a transcript of his letter: 
“The Romenian authorities query that I have to be sent back home “right away”, is a silly, hasty move, by the way. 
I will not leave this beautiful country without saying that the “Guccifer Project” was a failed project. My will / intention was to fully expose the Illuminati / the Council, and their crimes, but I failed! 
“Hillary Rodham Diane Clinton is one of the high priests, a goddess of this ocult, satanic, shadow group. One must see their evil and profoundly corrupt nature to understand what I am talking about. 
“Though I know I invested a great deal of time & effort trying to expose the crimes of the Rockefellers, the Bush klan, the Clinton, and many others, maybe my skills (or lack of skills?) were NOT matching my faith. 
“So, I apologize in front of the unknown soldiers who struggle to take this fight against these monsters to a glorious end. Many of ’em are risking their lives, while doing this behind the computer screens, from inside or outside the system.” 
On Friday Wikileaks dropped a shocking email showing Clinton campaign chair John Podesta and his brother being invited to a “spirit cooking” dinner hosted by performance artist Marina Abramovic, where a mixture of semen, menstrual blood and breast milk are bizarrely used as mediums to create a “painting.” 
In an email dated June 28, 2015, Abramovic wrote, “I am so looking forward to the Spirit Cooking dinner at my place. Do you think you will be able to let me know if your brother is joining? All my love, Marina.” 
Lazăr was sentenced to seven years in federal prison in May after he pled guilty to hacking the computer systems of high level government operatives, including Clinton ally Sidney Blumenthal and former Secretary of State Colin Powell. 
Lazăr also claimed it was easy to hack Hillary Clinton’s private email server during her tenure as secretary of state. ",0
12872,Jordan Blames Israel for ‘Ugly Crime’ of Killing Terrorist in Midst of Stabbing - Breitbart,"JERUSALEM  —   Instead of condemning a terrorist attack carried out by a Jordanian citizen right outside Jerusalem’s Old City on Saturday, the Kingdom of Jordan blamed Israel for the “ugly crime” of an Israeli policeman defending himself by shooting the Jordanian assailant as the officer was being repeatedly and brutally stabbed. [Jerusalem Police Spokeswoman Luba Simri explained the policeman was walking down a street near the Lion’s Gate, an entrance to the Old City, when the officer was stabbed in the face and body by the Jordanian citizen,    Mohammed Abdullah Salim  .  “The terrorist rushed toward him, whipped out a knife that he had in his possession, stormed him and began stabbing him. The police officer responded with determination and in a professional manner, managed to activate his weapon and neutralized the terrorist,” Simri told reporters. A second policeman was stabbed in the hand while helping to subdue the terrorist, who reportedly entered Israel several days ago. The Israeli police released graphic video of the attack (watch it below) in which Kasaji can clearly be seen repeatedly stabbing the policeman, who had been knocked to the floor.  Jordan’s Foreign Ministry in Tel Aviv described the attack as an “ugly crime. ” Jordan was referring to the policeman’s   and not to the reportedly unprovoked terrorist attack by one of its own citizens. Jordan’s Minister of Communications Muhammad  ’man was quoted as saying, “The Israeli government, as the occupying power in Jerusalem, bears responsibility for the shooting of a Jordanian civilian who was killed. ” Mu’man failed to note that the terrorist, Kasaji, was killed while stabbing the officer. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu criticized the Jordanian statements. “It is time that Jordan ceases its double sided game. Just as Israel condemns terror attacks in Jordan, Jordan must condemn terrorist attacks in Israel. Terror is terror,” Netanyahu said. The Times of Israel further reported on today’s terrorist attack: The    police officer was taken to Jerusalem’s Shaare Tzedek Medical Center in moderate condition after the incident near the Lions’ Gate. He had wounds in the neck and head, and was conscious and in stable condition when evacuated to the hospital. A second man was lightly wounded, with cuts to the hand.   …    After the incident police arrested a local merchant who they suspected prevented   from helping the policeman during the attack. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.",0
12873,Donald Trump Is The King Of Russian Spies,"Friday, 11 November 2016 Putin's Puppet 
A top Russian diplomat & Vladimir Putin's spokesman came out of the closet Thursday. They admitted that Russian experts touched the Trump campaign more than once during the Presidential campaign and it felt so good. They said they were so happy Paul Manafort was in Trump's inner circle. Manafort was a favorite spy until Trump came along and showed him his penis, grabbed some pussies and became the new king of spies. Manafort was a long time Republican operative who'd advise a pro-Russian Ukrainian political party before it was ousted for a lot of corruption. Manafort left Trumps campaign after those contacts were made public, and because the media never reported on it, Russia says they feel very proud of their spies. 
It's a little too late, but the U.S. government admits to thinking Putin interfered in the Presidential Election. The intelligence community concluded that Russia was responsible for hacking into the emails of the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and gave the to WikiLeaks which released them. The Russian government says HACK YES, we hacked your systems & not only will we keep hacking your systems, we have the King Of Russian Spies Donald Trump now running your country & he will do what we tell him because we own him, his name, his businesses & now his country. 
Many Trump supporters admitted they have never gone outside of their communities mentally or physically so they voted for the man who could bring Russia to them as a souvenir. One Trump supporter said so what if Trump is a Russian Spy. I love James Bond movies, and Trump is the greatest villain causing chaos since Heath Ledger's joker. He went on to say Trump knows Russia better than Russia because Trump has been there so many times over the years. He believes that Trump doing business with Russia is cool, because Trumps knows everything, and he even knows the terrorists personally and that means we're on the same side of business and America will be great again. Another Trump supporter said they don't care if Russians hacked our system, because our system was kind of hacky anyway. He also said he'd rather have a Russian spy in the White House than some smart ass, pant suit wearing woman President. He added he was so happy porn was on the ballot, and agrees that America is going to be great again because he finally gets to hold those naked photos of Melania & brag about jerking off on the first lady. 
A big source says the FBI has had a FISA warrant for Trump's emails since October & they kept it a secret because it's a secret service sponsored and paid for by Wikileaks to help Trump win the election. The big source also says the FBI has been investigating Trump for his Russian ties but Trump supporters say that's dumb because everyone knows Trump's ties are made in China. Make DeniseVasquez's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
12874,New Song by Michael Heseltine: “Who Snuffed the Dogs Out”,"Home | World | New Song by Michael Heseltine: “Who Snuffed the Dogs Out” New Song by Michael Heseltine: “Who Snuffed the Dogs Out” By Trinny Tatler 01/11/2016 19:28:47 
NORTHAMPTONSHIRE – England – A song released by former Conservative MP Michael Heseltine aka Tarzan, has shot into the UK charts at number 2. 


Released by the 83 year old former MP’s own record label Ungawa Records, the song is simply about strangling his dog. 
“Who snuffed the dogs out? Who snuffed the dogs out? Hezza! Hezza! Hezza!” a sample of some of the lyrics which go on a permanent loop for three and a half minutes include a soundbite from Margaret Thatcher saying “Get orf my neck!” 
The eighties drum machine sound is very retro, and also the very realistic sound of a gurgling dog in the background while Heseltine conducts an almighty Tarzan wail makes for interesting listening. 
All proceeds of the record will not go to the RSPCA but will instead be funnelled into Heseltine’s latest acquisition, a duck house in his large pond, so he can shoot the shit out of the ducks when they’re trying to nest. Share on :",0
12875,Report: FBI’s Clinton Foundation Probe Will ‘Likely’ Lead to Indictment,"Report: FBI’s Clinton Foundation Probe Will ‘Likely’ Lead to Indictment 11/03/2016 
EPOCH TIMES 
The FBI investigation into the Clinton Foundation is likely to lead to an indictment, sources with the federal law enforcement agency said. 
Those sources said that the probe into the Clinton Foundation is being taken as a “very high priority,” reported Fox News on Wednesday evening. The news outlet described them as “separate sources” within the agency. 
Agents have interviewed several people involved in the foundation case, looking for possible pay-to-play links between then-secretary of state Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation. The White Collar Crime division of the FBI is conducting the investigation. 
“There is an avalanche of new information coming in every day,” a source told Fox News. 
Sources, meanwhile, told Fox that FBI agents collected a significant amount of evidence even before WikiLeaks started releasing emails linked to the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton campaign. 
As FBI agents are “actively and aggressively pursuing this case,” they’ll interview the same people again—possibly some for a third time, the report stated. They’ll also look into what Hillary Clinton and her aides told them in previous interviews. 
While on the air, Fox News reporter Bret Baier, citing unnamed sources, said that Clinton’s private email server has been breached by at least five separate foreign intelligence hackers. 
“I pressed again and again on this very issue, and these sources said, ‘Yes, the investigations will continue’” if Clinton defeats rival Donald Trump on Election Day, Baier said on Fox News. 
“And barring some obstruction in some way, they believe they’ll continue to likely an indictment,” Baier added .",0
12876,Measles Outbreak in Minnesota’s Somali Community,"A recent outbreak of measles is the latest public health problem among Somalis who live in metropolitan  . Paul, Minnesota, home to the largest Somali community in the country. [Measles now joins active tuberculosis as a public health problem within Minnesota’s Somali community.  “During the five years between 2010 and 2014, 732 cases of active TB were diagnosed in Minnesota. Of these, 81 percent, or 593, were  . Of   cases, 50 percent, or 296, were refugees, according to “The Epidemiology of Tuberculosis in Minnesota, ” a report published by the Minnesota Department of Health,” Breitbart News noted in October. “  percent of the 593   cases of active TB diagnosed in Minnesota [between 2012 and 2015] or 161, were attributed to Somali born migrants. Almost all Somali migrants to the United States have arrived under the federal refugee resettlement program,” Breitbart News reported at the time. “The Hennepin County measles outbreak grew to 20 cases Monday, after eight new infections were confirmed. State health officials said all the cases have occurred within the   community, and they urged parents to get the measles vaccine for themselves and their children if they are unvaccinated,” the Star Tribune reported last week:  The outbreak is expected to produce many more cases and could exceed the 2011 outbreak of 26 cases, according to Kris Ehresmann, infectious disease director at the Minnesota Health Department. So far, all of those who have caught the measles in this outbreak are 5 years old or younger. Exposure has occurred at several day care centers. Since the first case was detected two weeks ago, health investigators have been trying to identify anyone unvaccinated exposed to the virus, which is highly contagious. It can take up to three weeks for measles symptoms to develop. “The Health Department recommended Monday that the schedule for a second dose be accelerated for any   children who had received the initial shot, which they said is a common practice during outbreaks,” the Star Tribune reported: The eight new infections in this outbreak include for the first time at least one baby under 12 months, an age group that has been of concern to public health officials because they typically lack immunity protection. Investigators have examined the vaccination records of 16 of those infected, and none of them had received the MMR shot. Records for the other four are still being collected. Measles symptoms include coughing, a sore throat, fever and a blotchy skin rash. It can lead to pneumonia and encephalitis, or swelling of the brain, and in same cases is fatal. “According to a health department official, Minnesota’s Somali immigrant community has been a particular target of the   movement, colloquially known as ‘’ ” Mic. com reported last week: “They’re very much engaged with and targeting this community,” Kris Ehresmann, infectious disease division director at the Minnesota Health Department, said in a phone call Wednesday. According to Ehresmann,   groups began to target the Somali community around 2008, amid concerns about autism among   children.   groups started reaching out to the Somali community and showing up at community health meetings, she said, disseminating misinformation linking autism to the measles, mumps and rubella vaccine, or MMR. Since then, the population has seen a “steady decline in MMR vaccine rates. ” “At least one   figure in the   movement has made special trips just to speak to Somali immigrants. In 2011, Andrew Wakefield, a man who has been called the “father of the   movement,” showed up in Minnesota in the midst of what was then the state’s first major measles outbreak in years, the Star Tribune reported at the time,” Mic. com added. Ehresmann said that wasn’t Wakefield’s first trip to speak to Somali families in Minnesota  —   she believes he visited once before, in 2008, when   were first arriving to spread misinformation. Wakefield, the   British doctor who published a widely shared and subsequently discredited paper implying a link between vaccines and autism, traveled to Minneapolis to hold a private forum for Somali immigrants. The meeting was described at the time as a “support group” for families of autistic children, the Star Tribune reported. Hennepin County  is also the site of two recent cases of active tuberculosis at local public high schools, as Breitbart News reported in February: Another case of active tuberculosis (TB) has been diagnosed in Hennepin County, Minnesota public schools, local officials confirmed on Wednesday. The new case has been diagnosed in “a person at Central Middle School in Eden Prairie,” KARE TV reports. This marks the second time in two months Hennepin County Department of Health officials have confirmed that a person at a public school in the county has been diagnosed with active TB. In January, Hennepin County Public Health Department officials reported that a person at St. Louis Park High School had been diagnosed with active TB. The letter to parents from St. Louis Park Public Schools informing them of the case of active TB in January was sent in three languages: English, Spanish, and Somali, Breitbart News reported.",0
12877,Donald Trump Elected 45th President Of The United States,"Via AP : 
Donald Trump was elected America’s 45th president Tuesday, an astonishing victory for a celebrity businessman and political novice who capitalized on voters’ economic anxieties, took advantage of racial tensions and overcame a string of sexual assault allegations on his way to the White House.
His triumph over Hillary Clinton will end eight years of Democratic dominance of the White House and threatens to undo major achievements of President Barack Obama. He’s pledged to act quickly to repeal Obama’s landmark health care law, revoke the nuclear agreement with Iran and rewrite important trade deals with other countries, particularly Mexico and Canada.
The Republican blasted through Democrats’ longstanding firewall, carrying Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, states that hadn’t voted for a GOP presidential candidate since the 1980s. He needed to win nearly all of the competitive battleground states, and he did just that, claiming Florida, Ohio, North Carolina and others.
Global stock markets and U.S. stock futures plunged deeply, reflecting investor alarm over what a Trump presidency might mean for the economy and trade.
A New York real estate developer who lives in a sparking Manhattan high-rise, Trump forged a striking connection with white, working class Americans who feel left behind in a changing economy and diversifying country. He cast immigration, both from Latin America and the Middle East, as the root of the problems plaguing many Americans and taped into fears of terrorism emanating at home and abroad.
Trump will take office with Congress expected to be fully under Republican control. GOP Senate candidates fended off Democratic challengers in key states and appeared poised to maintain the majority. Republicans also maintained their grip on the House.
Senate control means Trump will have great leeway in appointing Supreme Court justices, which could mean a major change to the right that would last for decades.
Trump upended years of political convention on his way to the White House, leveling harshly personal insults on his rivals, deeming Mexican immigrants rapists and murderers, and vowing to temporarily suspend Muslim immigration to the U.S. He never released his tax returns, breaking with decades of campaign tradition, and eschewed the kind of robust data and field efforts that helped Obama win two terms in the White House, relying instead on his large, free-wheeling rallies to energize supporters. His campaign was frequently in chaos, and he cycled through three campaign managers this year.
His final campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, touted the team’s accomplishments as the final results rolled in, writing on Twitter that “rally crowds matter” and “we expanded the map.”
The mood at Clinton’s party grew bleak as the night wore out, with some supporters leaving, others crying and hugging each other. Top campaign aides stopped returning calls and texts, as Clinton and her family hunkered down in a luxury hotel watching the returns.
At 2 a.m., Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta told the crowd to head home for the night. “We’re still counting votes and every vote should count,” he said.
Trump will inherit an anxious nation, deeply divided by economic and educational opportunities, race and culture.
Exit polls underscored the fractures: Women nationwide supported Clinton by a double-digit margin, while men were significantly more likely to back Trump. More than half of white voters backed the Republican, while nearly 9 in 10 blacks and two-thirds of Hispanics voted for the Democrat.
Doug Ratliff, a 67-year-old businessman from Richlands, Virginia, said Trump’s election would be one of the happiest days of his life.
“This county has had no hope,” said Ratliff, who owns strip malls in the area badly beaten by the collapse of the coal industry. “You have no idea what it would mean for the people if Trump won. They’ll have hope again. Things will change. I know he’s not going to be perfect. But he’s got a heart. And he gives people hope.”
Trump has pledged to usher in a series of sweeping changes to U.S. domestic and foreign policy: repealing Obama’s signature health care law, though he has been vague on what he could replace it with; building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border; and suspending immigration from country’s with terrorism ties. He’s also praised Russian President Vladimir Putin and spoken of building a better relationship with Moscow, worrying some in his own party who fear he’ll go easy on Putin’s provocations.
The Republican Party’s tortured relationship with its nominee was evident right up to the end. Former President George W. Bush and wife Laura Bush declined to back Trump, instead selecting “none of the above” when they voted for president, according to spokesman Freddy Ford.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, a reluctant Trump supporter, called the businessman earlier in the evening to congratulate him, according to a Ryan spokeswoman.
Read the entire story 
",0
12878,Third Piece of Debris Confirmed to Be From Missing Malaysian Jet - The New York Times,"SYDNEY, Australia  —   The Australian government said on Friday that a piece of debris that washed up on the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius in May was from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. The debris, identified as part of the trailing edge of the rear spar on the left wing of the plane, contained parts and serial numbers specific to the missing jet, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau said in a statement. The plane disappeared after taking off from the Malaysian capital, Kuala Lumpur, on an overnight flight to Beijing in March 2014. It inexplicably turned south and continued flying for more than six hours, with 227 passengers and 12 crew members on board. The authorities believe it finally went down in the southern Indian Ocean. The latest debris is the third part to be formally identified as from the plane, although the Malaysian government has said additional pieces of flotsam have washed up along the coast of several African nations. Some of those may still be identified as coming from the jet. In its statement, the transport safety bureau said the debris found on the shore of Mauritius on May 10 had serial numbers and identifying marks similar to those on another piece of debris identified in September as part of the right wing flap of the missing plane. That debris, found in late June, washed up on the Tanzanian island of Pemba. The first confirmed piece of debris from the plane was found in July 2015 on the French island of Réunion, also off the east coast of Africa. Although searchers scoured hundreds of thousands of square miles of the southern Indian Ocean from the air in the first weeks after the plane disappeared, no debris was found during those surveys. Since then, ships fitted with deepwater sonar equipment have swept nearly 43, 000 square miles of sea floor along a remote, narrow arc of water off Australia’s west coast. In July, ministers from Australia, China and Malaysia agreed that unless credible evidence of the plane was found on the seabed, the search would be suspended in December. None of the debris has so far helped the authorities refine the search area for the missing jet.",0
12879,Wikileaks Director Gavin MacFadyen Dead,"9 News reports : 
It is understood the American Journalist died of lung cancer surrounded by loved ones in London on Saturday. 
Colleagues and fellow journalists across the world, including WikiLeaks co-founder Julian Assange, have taken to social media to pay their respects. 
In his illustrious career, MacFayden produced and directed more than 50 documentaries on a wide range of topics including neo-Nazis, child labour, the Iraq arms trade and Frank Sinatra's ties to the mafia. 
MacFadyen seemed to be one that stood up for Whistleblowers and sought to breed a new generation of investigative journalists. His wife Susan Benn said , ""His loyalty to those under attack from powerful forces, particularly whistleblowers and journalistic groups like Wikileaks, will remain a beacon for years to come."" 
""He was the model of what a journalist should be... He spearheaded the creation of a journalistic landscape which has irrevocably lifted the bar for ethical and hard-hitting reporting,"" she added. ""Gavin worked tirelessly to hold power to account."" 
""His life and how he lived it were completely in sync with the principles that he held dear and practiced as a journalist and educator – to comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable,"" she concluded. 
However, some have claimed that there may be a cover up involved in the death of MacFadyen due to a tweet that was shortly posted on Twitter and then removed. 
We also know that Wikileaks founder Julian Assange fears for his life after he has exposed the corruption in government via leaked documents. In fact, we know that many US politicians, including Hillary Clinton have called for his assassination . Hillary Clinton on Assange ""Can't we just drone this guy"" -- report https://t.co/S7tPrl2QCZ pic.twitter.com/qy2EQBa48y 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 3, 2016 
In an opinion piece by Kristine Moore following MacFadyen's death, she writes , ""Having Julian Assange stand at his window in the Ecuadorian Embassy might not be such a good idea after all. If a sniper is able to take him out from nearly a mile away, I think we can all understand why Julian stays well away from his window these days. Assange clearly fears for his life and if he didn't, he would just saunter over to the window, pull the curtain, and wave to everybody. He knows people are concerned about him, but he is right not to put his life at risk just to reassure us with a physical appearance, however fleeting it may be."" 
""Lest you think I am being paranoid by suggesting that there could be a sniper lying in wait for him, just remember that Hillary Clinton once quipped that he should be taken out by a drone ,"" she added. ""Even if you say that it was just 'a joke' and meant in jest only, what Secretary of State jokes about murdering somebody in front of other government officials? Many of us have no doubt whatsoever in our minds that if she or someone else were able to do this and get away with it, they would."" 
I can see why people might question MacFedyen's death, much like the death of Antonin Scalia was questioned , even though both men were advanced in years. It's also understandable why Julian Assange would want to keep out of sight as much as possible considering the criminal in the White House . shares",0
12880,"Dylann Roof Attacked by a Fellow Inmate, Officials Say - The New York Times","Dylann Roof, the white man charged in the shooting massacre of nine black parishioners at a church in Charleston, S. C. was assaulted in jail on Thursday by a black inmate, officials said. Mr. Roof, 22, had minor bruising to his face and back, according to a statement from the Charleston County Sheriff’s Office. He was examined by medical staff at the jail and was cleared to return to his original housing unit, the office said. The other inmate, Dwayne Stafford, ran down the stairs from his cell after Mr. Roof went to the shower around 7:45 a. m. and hit him, The Associated Press said, citing a police report. An incident report initially indicated that Mr. Stafford would be charged with assault, but Mr. Roof told detectives through his lawyer that he did not want to press charges, the sheriff’s office said. A deputy assigned to the housing unit intervened in the assault. Another deputy who was also assigned to the unit had apparently left for a break, the sheriff’s office said. The authorities said they would conduct an investigation. Mr. Roof has been at the jail since a day after the June 17, 2015, killings of nine parishioners during a Bible study at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church. Prosecutors have said he plotted the attack for months and chose that target because it was a nationally known historically black church. Officials said Mr. Roof hoped the attack would fan racial flames and exact revenge for what he believed were wrongs that   committed against white people. Before the shooting, he was photographed holding a Confederate battle flag and a handgun. He faces the death penalty in coming trials in federal and state courts. His federal trial is set for November. Mr. Stafford, 26, is awaiting trial on assault and robbery charges. The sheriff, J. Al Cannon Jr. said it was the first episode involving Mr. Roof. He could not say if race was a motive for the attack, The A. P. reported. “There is nothing that I am aware of beyond the obvious speculation that we would all have, given the nature of the situation,” the sheriff said.",0
12881,Jackie Mason: Democrats Still Trying to Overturn ’Honest Election’,"In these trying times, Jackie Mason is the Voice of Reason. [In this exclusive clip for Breitbart News, Jackie weighs in on President Donald Trump’s inauguration, and wonders whether Democrats can now finally accept the results of the election, given that Trump’s inauguration ceremony was covered by all the papers.  “They’re trying to create a revolution without a revolution,” the comedy legend explains. “Without troops and without guns, they’re trying to turn over an election that they already lost. ” Jackie also says that even after the inauguration, Democrats will continue to try to “bury” Trump for any reason whatsoever, including for dancing like Mussolini and walking down the street like Adolf Hitler. Watch Mason’s full reaction video above.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
12882,"To Understand a Tax on Mexican Imports, Consider the Avocado - The New York Times","Enjoy the guacamole as you watch the Super Bowl on Feb. 5. Some of the ingredients might be a little more expensive next year. House Republicans and President Trump have been talking about imposing a 20 percent tax on imported goods, with a White House spokesman suggesting on Thursday that such a tax might start with goods from Mexico. With the tax, the price for some heavily imported items could go up. But other foods produced mainly in the United States might become slightly cheaper. While many details remain unclear, here are a few indications of how the tax might work and how it would affect prices in the fruit and vegetable aisle at the supermarket. A third of all avocados eaten by Americans are grown in the United States and the rest are imported. More than nine of every 10 imported avocados come from Mexico, while most of the rest come from Chile, Peru and the Dominican Republic. The average retail price of an avocado varies considerably. Prices can creep up toward $1. 50 for the Super Bowl and Fourth of July, the two biggest spikes in demand. The retail price falls toward $1 apiece around Christmas, as demand falters but the trees, grown in mild, subtropical climates, keep producing. Organically grown avocados have been commanding a premium of about 30 percent lately, a premium that has widened over the last few years. The tax would not end up being 20 percent of a $1 to $1. 50 avocado, which would be 20 to 30 cents. That is because the import tax would only be on what is known a the dutiable value  —   the wholesale price of the avocado assessed when it crosses the border. That does not include the cost of trucking it from the border to a grocery store in the United States, the store’s rent, the store’s bills for   and other utilities, or the wages for the store’s staff. None of these costs would be subject to the tax, but can help determine the retail price of the avocado. For the first 11 months of last year, the average wholesale price of avocados crossing the border was 50 cents apiece. So a 20 percent tax on that wholesale price at the border would only add a dime to the cost of each avocado. It takes four or five years for a newly planted avocado tree to bear fruit. If an import tax were to be imposed on foreign avocados, American farmers could not increase production quickly. That means many Americans might have to pay for taxed avocados imported from Mexico and elsewhere for a few years, or potentially do without. That is right  —   a good guacamole needs onions, lime juice and a few other ingredients as well. Just look at onions. Seven out of eight onions eaten by Americans are grown in the United States. They also tend to be grown by companies  —   even the   onion farmers tend to incorporate their farms  —   so they owe corporate tax. That is notable because various plans being circulated call for a border tax to be used to help reduce the corporate profits tax. Right now, the corporate profits tax is 35 percent. Multinationals like Apple actually pay a lot less, in part because much of their profits are held offshore. That is harder for an onion farmer to do, although there are tax breaks for farmers. With those qualifiers, the introduction of a border tax is expected to produce enough revenue to offset the losses from lowering the tax on corporate profits to 25 percent, 20 percent or even 15 percent, depending on the proposal. That would ultimately help cut the tax bill for onion farmers. The whole idea behind the House Republicans’ plan is that companies producing in the United States should pay lower taxes, so those companies can hire more workers. The tax burden would be shifted toward importers, but also toward people who buy imported goods. Companies tend to pass on the cost of taxes to consumers, while pocketing any tax savings, when there are only a few businesses in the industry and limited competition. The opposite can also be true: companies in highly competitive industries tend to pay extra taxes out of their own profits, because raising prices might result in lower market share. In those cases, they tend to pass on tax savings to consumers. Onion farmers might also use their tax savings to hire more workers and export more. The United States imports a few more onions than it exports, but most onion farmers simply grow for the domestic market. A corporate tax cut linked to a border tax might prompt them to expand globally, which is the whole idea behind a border tax. That is tough to predict, and also depends on inflation and other factors, not just the border tax. The odds are that a border tax would drive up the cost of guacamole, because avocados, not onions, account for most of the cost of making it, and most avocados are imported. But the details of the tax, and how markets respond to it, will also make a big difference.",0
12883,Half of German Women Feel Unsafe in Their Own Neighbourhoods,"Nearly half of Germany’s women now feel unsafe walking about their local neighbourhood, a survey has revealed, with many taking precautions such as pepper spray with them when out at night. [The survey, by Emnid for Bild am Sonntag further found that 58 per cent of women believe that public places have become less safe in recent times, following news of events such as the mass sexual assault attacks on women in Cologne on New Year’s Eve last year.    per cent of the women surveyed said they have changed their habits to avoid certain areas in their neighbourhood, while 16 per cent said they carried pepper spray when venturing out after dark. In response to the survey, Focus Online gathered anecdotal statements from women across Germany and found that some were asking male relatives to chaperone them at night, while others had taken to carrying their keys in closed fists in case of attack. One woman, Kerstin, told the paper: “I no longer feel safe as a woman. Harassment, rapes, and raids are happening everywhere. I was particularly concerned by the case of the jogger Carolin [G.] who was killed. I run myself and I find it particularly disturbing that this happened during bright daylight. “I feel very uncomfortable on my own and avoid travelling alone in the evening or at night. I always constantly carry pepper spray with me. ” Another, Natalie, said that she “narrowly” avoided being present in Cologne on the night of the attacks, but luckily opted not to go. “[S]ince then [I] have avoided groups in the dark,” she said. She added: “Anyway, I’m not going anywhere in the dark alone. When I arrive by train at our small station, my father is always there to go with me through the solitary underpass. I dare not go alone! “I ordered two canisters of pepper spray two months ago from Amazon. Two, so that I can be sure of having one in each of my winter jackets. “It worries me very much that even the German state does not know who is here. ” The German media have been keen to stress that violent attacks are becoming less common, however, statistics show that they are actually on the rise. 214, 600 crimes were committed by immigrants in Germany in 2016, “several thousand more than in 2015” according to the German edition of the Huffington Post. The media outlet went on to claim that, as 213, 000 asylum seekers registered in Germany during the same period, overall the de facto rise in crime constitutes a net fall. However, in November the German Federal Police admitted that there had been a massive 31. 6 per cent increase in crime in 2016 over the previous year’s figures, a jump which they said was down to Chancellor Merkel’s open door policy on migration.",0
12884,Gaffney: Media Encouraging Deep State to ’Put the Worst Possible Gloss’ on Flynn Leaks,"Frank Gaffney, president of the Center for Security Policy, told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday that the deep state “is being encouraged by the Washington Post and others to use encrypted techniques to reveal information. ” He added that “there is an evident willingness to do that and to put the worst possible gloss on it. ”[Gaffney cited a controversial New York Times article as one example, as noted in a recent Breitbart report:  The New York Times published a story Tuesday evening claiming anonymous “aides” on President Donald Trump’s campaign had contact with Russian intelligence, citing classified information supplied by “four current and former American officials. ” Oddly, the Times reports that these officials concluded that there was “no evidence” they had seen that the “Trump campaign was colluding with the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the election. ” So there would seem to be no story. Regarding   comments Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer made, Gaffney said, “With respect to the intelligence services of the United states, the deep state, as some people call it, to retaliate against Donald Trump for having criticized them or otherwise hurt their feelings, let me tell you: you take on the intelligence community, they have six ways from Sunday to get back at you. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
12885,"Comment on Phallic art stuns residents of New Lynn, New Zealand by josephbc69","Posted on February 9, 2015 by DCG | 20 Comments 
New Zealand Herald : A $200,000 public sculpture being installed in Auckland is causing a stir with locals, who say it resembles a penis. The Auckland Council-commissioned Transit Cloud has been created as part of a project to breathe new life into traditionally working class New Lynn. 
The aerial component – four aluminium mesh cloud forms – hangs more than 8m over a lane linking New Lynn’s shiny new railway and bus station with the town’s library and shopping mall. 
The clouds allude to the sky, but two of the forms are being viewed very differently by locals. “Oh my God, it’s a cock and balls,” said Phil Wellman, of Blockhouse Bay. 
“Don’t you think it’s rude?” said Henderson mother Janine Waters, walking her two young children in a pram. “It’s definitely that. What else could it be,” she said. Another woman, who did not want to be named, called the forms “masculine”. 
Frances Toohey, who works at Pita Pit by the lane, said the sculpture was very phallic. Customers had been commenting a lot, she said. “What the hell is that? It’s certainly not a cloud. It looks like a penis,” said Joy Dale, of Mt Roskill. She said the sculpture was a waste of ratepayers’ money and the council would be better spending the money on more security and patrols in the area. 
Sculptor Gregor Kregar, who with his artist wife Sara Hughes and architect Davor Popadich created the work, said there was never any intention of creating a large phallic image in the sky . 
Transit Cloud, he said, was connected to 30,000 tinted ceramic dots in the laneway floor, acknowledging the local portage history and modern transport focus of the precinct. The forms above resembled clouds and liquid matter, like raindrops. 
“Art is out there to stir reaction,” said Kregar. He was confident people would embrace the work after 50m of neon lights are connected in each form. The sculptor gave the Herald images of the clouds lit up in his New Lynn studio to show how the finished work would look at night. 
Mr. Popadich was surprised by the public response to the sculpture, saying it had a joyful and fun aspect . Council arts and culture manager Kaye Glamuzina said art was always controversial and interpretation subjective. 
From Kregar’s website : 
“ I utilize familiar subject matter such as human figure, body parts , television sets, bottles, inorganic rubbish and animals. I am interested in how the familiar subject can be represented in a way that displaces the original meaning and imbues the subject with new and unfamiliar meanings. My work deals with issues of ambiguity and the uncanny yet it is strongly connected to the social, economical and political environment I live in.” 
Let’s take a look at some of his other work, shall we? 
This exhibition brings together what appear to be two very different groups of work; Gnomes and Geometric constructions. They do not appear, at first glance, to have any relationship to one another, yet conceptually and historically their paths cross at many points. The gnomes are caught in an existence between the happy and helpful gnome and the frozen mystical being. Practising this alchemy of the everyday, the gnomes are turned from the familiar into sublime, the trivial into a precious and valuable, achieving the noble levels of human perception, emotion and appreciation of the world . Wall “art” next to oversized gnomes. 
Sculptor Gregor Kregar is known for his works that challenge the traditional meaning of his subjects . Often representing works in a way that displaces traditional interpretations, Kregar imbues his subjects in new and unfamiliar environments or surroundings. In Reflective Synthesis two oversized gnomes dominate the gallery space in Kregar’s exploration of the trivial everyday aesthetic of his subject, in relation to its mystical and scientific history. 
Hope the taxpayers are happy with this most recent purchase! 
DCG",0
12886,"President Trump Said ’Terror’ 31 Times, Obama in Cairo Said it ZERO Times","Critics will argue upon first inspection that President Trump’s speech to Arab leaders in Riyadh today was scarcely a shift from President Obama’s infamous, fawned over lecture in Cairo in 2009. Those critics are incorrect. [They’re incorrect because they’ll tend to be journalists, activists,   politicians, or pundits. In other words: no business people.  The speech President Trump gave in Riyadh was different because of his business acumen. No businessman concludes a meeting without the cliched “action points”. Otherwise, the whole thing is a waste of time. We can easily find similarities in both their speeches: the usual diplomatic gratitude towards their hosts, the pledges not to lecture, the aggrandizement of the region’s history, and the aversion to describing Western vs. Middle Eastern philosophies as a “clash of civilizations”. Fine. But where Obama stopped short, Trump continued full speed into making demands of the people in the room. THE INTROS, Obama opened with “Assalamualaikum” going on to apologise for colonialism, proxy wars, hostility to Islam, and quoting the “Holy” Quran. He spoke of civilization’s “debt to Islam” his responsibility to defend the Muslim faith, the hijab, and declare “Islam is a part of America”. After this submissive introduction  —   having spent the first seven pages of his speech   his audience  —   he noted that “violent extremists” needed to be confronted, closing with: “Islam is not part of the problem  …    ” Instead, President Trump dived right in, spending less than a page on the flattery  —   and there was scarcely any in that section anyway  —   getting to the first action point by page two of his speech: “This landmark agreement includes the announcement of a $110 billion   defense purchase  …    ” If America is going to deal with the Arab world under a Trump presidency, it is at least going to get something out of it for the American people. Cash, jobs, and importantly, leverage. Wait, you thought that was all? The very next sentence announced the Global Center for Combating Extremist Ideology. Let’s be clear, this center will do nothing, and likely achieve nothing. But by this point in Obama’s speech, he was quoting Quranic Surah 9, Verse 119, which he claimed said: “Be conscious of God and speak always the truth”. In reality, the passage demands the reader to be fearful of Allah, and just a few verses later explains why: “O you who have believed, fight those adjacent to you of the disbelievers and let them find in you harshness. And know that Allah is with the righteous”. While President Obama lectured from the Quran, President Trump was declaring today: “We are not here to lecture, we are not here to tell other people how to live, what to do, who to be, or how to worship. Instead, we are here to offer partnership based on shared interests and values, to pursue a better future for us all”. DEFENDING MUSLIMS FROM RADICAL ISLAM, Both presidents Obama and Trump made mention of how Muslims are the primary target of “violent extremism” but Obama’s defense of Muslims came more in the way of the following, than anything else:   …    freedom in America is indivisible from the freedom to practice one’s religion. That is why there is a mosque in every state in our union, and over 1, 200 mosques within our borders. That’s why the United States government has gone to court to protect the right of women and girls to wear the hijab and to punish those who would deny it. Later on, he mentions how extremists have “killed people of different faiths, more than any other, they have killed Muslims”. But President Trump was far more robust, and far more  —   undoubtedly to the chagrin of liberal commentators  —   spirited in his defence of young Muslims who are having their minds poisoned and futures ruined. This is the most effective argument against Islamic extremism, and President Trump put it simply, and effectively, as follows: Young Muslim boys and girls should be able to grow up free from fear, safe from violence, and innocent of hatred. And young Muslim men and women should have the chance to build a new era of prosperity for themselves and their peoples. Notice the difference. No apologia for   hijabs, no caveats or compromises. He goes on: “  …    in sheer numbers, the deadliest toll has been exacted on the innocent people of Arab, Muslim and Middle Eastern nations. They have borne the brunt of the killings and the worst of the destruction in this wave of fanatical violence. Some estimates hold that more than 95 percent of the victims of terrorism are themselves Muslim”. Obama’s conclusion in this section was again to quote the Quran. This time, the contentious Surah Al Maidah, often deployed by Islamist organizations themselves when seeking to defend against allegations of radicalism or terror links: The Holy Quran teaches that whoever kills an innocent is as  —   it is as if he has killed all mankind. And the Holy Quran also says whoever saves a person, it is as if he has saved all mankind. Except it doesn’t. The verse, without paraphrasing, actually reads: “  …    We decreed upon the Children of Israel that whoever kills a soul unless for a soul or for corruption [done] in the land  —   it is as if he had slain mankind entirely. And whoever saves one  —   it is as if he had saved mankind entirely”. “Corruption” in the land, in context, is opposition to to the spread of Islam, which includes critique, mockery, or even disbelief. The very next paragraph of the Quran reads: “Indeed, the penalty for those who wage war against Allah and His Messenger and strive upon earth [to cause] corruption is none but that they be killed or crucified or that their hands and feet be cut off from opposite sides or that they be exiled from the land. That is for them a disgrace in this world and for them in the Hereafter is a great punishment”. IRAN, Perhaps the most striking difference between President Obama’s speech and that of President Trump’s is the section on Iran. Obama  —   with   naiveté  —   began with another acknowledgement of American guilt: “In the middle of the Cold War, the United States played a role in the overthrow of a democratically elected Iranian government. Since the Islamic Revolution, Iran has played a role in acts of   and violence against U. S. troops and civilians. This history is well known”. He moved on to state: “I understand those who protest that some countries have weapons that others do not. No single nation should pick and choose which nation holds nuclear weapons. And that’s why I strongly reaffirmed America’s commitment to seek a world in which no nations hold nuclear weapons. And any nation  —   including Iran  —   should have the right to access peaceful nuclear power if it complies with its responsibilities under the Nuclear   Treaty”. As we now know, this approach has endangered the wider world, with Iran pursuing nuclear weapons, and emboldened   regimes and their allies the world over to do the same. Without this approach, without this line in this speech, even Kim Jong Un would be singing a different tune today. President Trump appears to want to right that historical wrong, stating today his wish to isolate the nation from the civilized world. Again, an action point: From Lebanon to Iraq to Yemen, Iran funds, arms, and trains terrorists, militias, and other extremist groups that spread destruction and chaos across the region. For decades, Iran has fueled the fires of sectarian conflict and terror. It is a government that speaks openly of mass murder, vowing the destruction of Israel, death to America, and ruin for many leaders and nations in this room. Among Iran’s most tragic and destabilizing interventions have been in Syria. Bolstered by Iran, Assad has committed unspeakable crimes, and the United States has taken firm action in response to the use of banned chemical weapons by the Assad Regime  —   launching 59 tomahawk missiles at the Syrian air base from where that murderous attack originated. Responsible nations must work together to end the humanitarian crisis in Syria, eradicate ISIS, and restore stability to the region. The Iranian regime’s   victims are its own people. Iran has a rich history and culture, but the people of Iran have endured hardship and despair under their leaders’ reckless pursuit of conflict and terror. Until the Iranian regime is willing to be a partner for peace, all nations of conscience must work together to isolate Iran, deny it funding for terrorism, and pray for the day when the Iranian people have the just and righteous government they deserve. TOLERANCE, OR LACK THEREOF, Where Obama declared “Islam has a proud history of tolerance” as the Mullahs prepared their latest homosexual to be thrown from a building, and the most recent woman to be stoned in the street, President Trump demanded: “Your soul will be condemned” for barbaric acts, a sentiment that found its crescendo when he declared: “This is a battle between Good and Evil” insisting that Arab and Muslim leaders “drive out” the forces of terror and extremism within their ranks. A better future is only possible if your nations drive out the terrorists and extremists. Drive. Them. Out. DRIVE THEM OUT of your places of worship. DRIVE THEM OUT of your communities. DRIVE THEM OUT of your holy land, andDRIVE THEM OUT OF THIS EARTH. Contrast this with President Obama’s section on tolerance, specifically, with regards women’s rights and economic opportunity. Curiously for a   liberal, President Obama told the Cairo audience: “I know that for many, the face of globalization is contradictory. The Internet and television can bring knowledge and information, but also offensive sexuality and mindless violence into the home”. Such socially conservative statements would perhaps be more readily expected from Vice President Mike Pence. But the media  —   neither at the time, nor now  —   seemed to pick up on it. Obama’s own tolerance for conservative values applied only in the Muslim world, it seems, not at home. TACKLING TERRORISM, President Trump used the word “terror” in some way  —   terror, terrorism, terrorists  —   a whopping 31 times in his speech in Riyadh. In Cairo, President Obama used the word an even more whopping ZERO times. Obama described   as an “enormous trauma” rather than a terrorist atrocity, opting to deploy the word “extremism” 11 times in his speech, which President Trump also used nine times. As a result, Obama lacked action points, policy goals, or anything of substance when it came to tacking terrorism. President Trump on the other hand announced the formulation of the Terrorist Financing Targeting Center, insisting: “Muslim nations must be willing to take on the burden, if we are going to defeat terrorism and send its wicked ideology into oblivion”. Oh yeah, and President Trump said: “Islamic terrorism” just FYI. CONCLUSIONS, The way the two presidents concluded their speeches is proof enough of how differently the two men approach the issues of Islam, Islamism, terrorism, and the U. S. relationship with the Middle East. While Ivanka and Melanie strut around Riyadh in designer clothes, and the current president refuses to bow before the Saudis, Obama took every opportunity to remain prostrate before the Muslim world, in action, as well as in his words. In Cairo, he concluded with quotes from the Quran first, then the Talmud, then the Bible. His Quranic verse: “O mankind! We have created you male and a female  …    ” may not find much support from the LGBTQI++** brigade of the liberal left today. He closed: “Thank you. And may God’s peace be upon you. Thank you very much”. President Trump’s conclusion, in addition to being more traditional, was also more hopeful, and effectively called for a   Islamic reformation: The birthplace of civilization is waiting to begin a new renaissance. Just imagine what tomorrow could bring. Glorious wonders of science, art, medicine and commerce to inspire humankind. Great cities built on the ruins of shattered towns. New jobs and industries that will lift up millions of people. Parents who no longer worry for their children, families who no longer mourn for their loved ones, and the faithful who finally worship without fear. These are the blessings of prosperity and peace. These are the desires that burn with a righteous flame in every human heart. And these are the just demands of our beloved peoples. I ask you to join me, to join together, to work together, and to fight together —  because united, we will not fail. Thank you. God Bless You. God Bless Your Countries. And God Bless the United States of America. Raheem Kassam is the Editor in Chief of Breitbart London and tweets at @RaheemKassam",0
12887,Speculation: Trump Promotes NSA Boss Rogers To DNI Because He Leaked The Clinton Emails,"November 19, 2016 Speculation: Trump Promotes NSA Boss Rogers To DNI Because He Leaked The Clinton Emails 
If some investigative journos start digging into the issue this story could develop into a really interesting scandal: 
Pentagon and intelligence community chiefs have urged Obama to remove the head of the NSA The heads of the Pentagon and the nation’s intelligence community have recommended to President Obama that the director of the National Security Agency, Adm. Michael S. Rogers, be removed. 
The recommendation, delivered to the White House last month, was made by Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter and Director of National Intelligence James R. Clapper Jr., according to several U.S. officials familiar with the matter. ... The news comes as Rogers is being considered by President-Elect Donald Trump to be his nominee for DNI, replacing Clapper as the official who oversees all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies. In a move apparently unprecedented for a military officer, Rogers, without notifying superiors, traveled to New York to meet with Trump on Thursday at Trump Tower. 
Adm. Michael S. Rogers recently claimed in reference to the hack of the Democratic National Council emails that Wikileaks spreading them is ""a conscious effort by a nation-state to attempt to achieve a specific effect."" He obviously meant Russia. 
Compare that with his boss James Clapper who very recently said (again) that the ""intelligence agencies don't have good insight on when or how Wikileaks obtained the hacked emails."" 
Emails of the DNC and of Clinton's consigliere John Podesta were hacked and leaked. Additionally emails from Clinton's private email server were released. All these influenced the election in favor of Trump. 
Wikileaks boss Assange says he does not know where the emails come from but he does not think they came from Russia. 
Clapper and Carter wanted Rogers fired because he was generally disliked at the NSA, because two big breaches in the most secret Tailored Access Organization occurred on his watch even after the Snowden case and because he blocked, with the help of Senator McCain, plans to split the NSA into a spying and a cyber war unit. 
Now let me spin this a bit. 
Rogers obviously knew he was on the to-be-fired list and he had good relations with the Republicans. 
Now follows speculation: 
Some Rogers trusted dudes at the NSA (or in the Navy cyber arm which Rogers earlier led) hack into the DNC, Podesta emails and the Clinton private email server. An easy job with the tools the NSA provides for its spies. Whoever hacked the emails then pushes what they got to Wikileaks (and DCleaks , another ""leak"" outlet). Wikileaks publishes what it gets because that is what it usually does. Assange also has various reasons to hate Clinton. She was always very hostile to Wikileaks. She allegedly even mused of killing Assange by a drone strike. 
Rogers then accuses Russia of the breach even while the rest of the spying community finds no evidence for such a claim. That is natural to do for a military man who grew up during the cold war and may wish that war (and its budgets) back. It is also a red herring that will never be proven wrong or right unless the original culprit is somehow found. 
Next we know - Trump offers Rogers the Clapper job. He would replace the boss that wanted him fired. 
Rogers support for the new cold war will also gain him favor with the various weapon industries which will eventually beef up his pension. 
Some of the above is speculation. But it would make sense and explain the quite one-sided wave of leaks we saw during this election cycle. 
Even if it isn't true it would at least be a good script for a Hollywood movie on the nastiness of the inside fighting in Washington DC. 
Let me know how plausible you find the tale.   19, 2016 at 02:14 PM | Permalink",0
12888,The End of Interventionism?,"Share This 
Looking over the global landscape, the areas most touched by US interventionist foreign policy are objectively in the worst, most desperate shape. The mainstream media will report that the current disaster in Syria came about because the people decided to stand up to a cruel dictator in the “Arab Spring” that swept through the greater Middle East in 2011, and that the dictator cracked down so hard it caused the violence to spin out of control. We know, of course, that is not the whole story. The US had been involved in fomenting unrest in Syria at least five years or more before violence broke out. A WikiLeaks-released cable from 2006 shows how hard the US Embassy in Damascus was working to figure out a way to overthrow the government. Shortly after the partially manufactured protests devolved into violence, the CIA moved in and began arming (and importing) rebels to finish the deed. In five years the country has been destroyed, hundreds of thousands killed, millions left without homes. 
Likewise, even most critics of the 2003 US attack on Iraq will try to salvage the philosophy of interventionism by claiming the only reason democracy hasn’t broken out is that the US military didn’t occupy the country long enough! As if being occupied by a foreign power is the route to responsible governance and the development of civil society! 
There are too many other examples to mention, even little-discussed areas like Somalia and Nigeria – with the latter falling prey to a radical Islamist gang, Boko Haram, that benefited from a region awash in weapons after the US-led attack on Libya opened the weapons depots. 
The US was actively involved in breaking up Sudan, which we were told was being run into the ground by “Arabs” ruling from the north who were abusing black Africans in the south. I was once invited to lunch by the Sudanese ambassador to Washington while I was working on the Hill and he asked me, “do I look like an Arab to you?” Needless to say, I doubt anyone would have guessed he was not what the US government considered a “black African.” His point was that the dispute was being created artificially by external sources. In fact the US and its allies were determined to break the country up (hint: it had a lot to do with oil) and would settle for any pretext. The result has not been the peaceful South Sudan ruled locally that was promised. Instead the new country launched with the help of “humanitarian interventionists” like US Ambassador to the UN Samantha Power has proven to be orders of magnitude worse off than when it was under Khartoum’s rule. 
The track record of US interventionism is so universally disastrous that slowly but steadily the rest of the world is pushing back against a US foreign policy that is making their own lives less safe. Hungarian prime minister Viktor Orban, for example, gave an interview to a German newspaper recently in which he singled out US foreign policy as a force for harm rather than good in the world. 
Said Orban: 
America believes in the exportation of democracy. This sounds good; however, wherever it has been tried, entire regions often became destabilized, the consequences of which are suffering, death and migration. Additionally, often anti-democratic, extremist forces rose to power as a result of the free elections. 
Believing in the democracy export is arrogant because it fails to take the cultural structures of the given regions into consideration. But whether you like it or not, it is the culture that determines the political culture. 
That is pretty pointed criticism coming from a close NATO ally and the representative of a pro-US, center-right government. But this week the Hungarians celebrate the 60th anniversary of their 1956 revolution to extricate themselves from under the Soviet boot, so it is understandable that they have the idea of national sovereignty fresh in their minds. 
In a recent episode of Ron Paul’s Liberty Report, we discussed Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte’s announcement last week that he wanted to separate his country from domination by US foreign policy. The US has been determined to use the Philippines as a weapon in its arsenal against a China newly assertive in the South China Sea, but many in the Philippines – the president included it seems – see little benefit to going on war footing against a neighbor with your ally thousands of miles away. 
What can the interventionists offer when the fruits of their philosophy are laid bare? Lies and obfuscation. Manipulation of media messages. Demonization of those who oppose the neoconservatives and “humanitarian” interventionists who run Washington’s foreign policy. But as Dr. Paul has said with increasing frequency lately, their failure is our big opportunity. We must educate ourselves on their failures and we must train ourselves to make the case for a pure noninterventionist foreign policy as the only way to keep us safe. 
Daniel McAdams is director of the The Ron Paul Institute for Peace & Prosperity . Reprinted from the Ron Paul Institute’s weekly review of the news, available exclusively to subscribers. Subscribe for free to RPI Updates. Read more by Daniel McAdams",0
12889,"Mose Allison, a Fount of Jazz and Blues, Dies at 89 - The New York Times","Mose Allison, a pianist, singer and songwriter who straddled modern jazz and Delta blues, belonging to both styles even as he became a touchstone for British Invasion rockers and folksy troubadours, died on Tuesday at his home in Hilton Head, S. C. He was 89. His death was confirmed by the singer and songwriter Amy Allison, his daughter. Mr. Allison began his professional career as a piano player, at a time when his style  —   percussive and jaunty, carried along by a percolating beat  —   suited the sound of the jazz mainstream. In addition to leading his own trio, he worked with some of the major   bandleaders of the late 1950s, including the saxophonists Stan Getz and Gerry Mulligan. But he found greater success, and a singular niche, as a singer of his   pungently observant songs, beginning in the early ’60s. For the next 50 years he worked almost exclusively as the leader of his own groups. Mr. Allison used his cool, clear voice to conversational effect, with an easy blues inflection that harked back to his upbringing in rural Mississippi. Backing himself at the piano, he favored a loose call and response between voice and instrument, or between right and left hands, often taking tangents informed by the complex harmonies and rhythmic feints of bebop. His artistic persona, evident in his stage manner as well as his songs, suggested a distillation of folk wisdom in a knowing but unpretentious package. He was especially revered by 1960s English rockers who idolized the blues, and who saw in his example an accessible ideal. John Mayall recorded “Parchman Farm,” Mr. Allison’s ironic adaptation of a prison blues so did the English    singer Georgie Fame. Other songs by Mr. Allison found their way onto albums by the Yardbirds, the Kinks and the Clash. The Who based their   anthem “My Generation” partly on his “Young Man Blues,” which the band also featured as the opening track on its 1970 album, “Live at Leeds. ” Mr. Allison’s tunes were covered almost as widely by his fellow Americans, including the blues artists Paul Butterfield and Johnny Winter, the   singer Bobbie Gentry and, more recently, the jazz vocalist and pianist Diana Krall. The Pixies, a     band, named an album track “Allison” in his honor. In a 1986 interview with the pianist Ben Sidran, conducted for NPR, Mr. Allison grouped his material into three categories: slapstick, social comment and personal crisis. “Sometimes,” he added, “all three of those elements wind up in a tune. ” Many of his songs inhabit an air of wry amusement or exasperated skepticism, often pivoting on a single phrase. He skewered hypocrisies in “Everybody’s Cryin’ Mercy,” recorded by Bonnie Raitt, and mastered the sardonic   in “Your Mind Is on Vacation (And Your Mouth Is Working Overtime),” covered by Elvis Costello. For all of his   eminence in rock, Mr. Allison never stopped seeing himself as a jazz artist. “My definition of jazz is music that’s felt, thought and performed simultaneously,” he said in “Ever Since I Stole the Blues,” a 2006 BBC documentary. “And that’s what I’m looking for every night. ” Mose John Allison Jr. was born on Nov. 11, 1927, on a family cotton farm near Tippo, Miss. His mother taught elementary school and his father, a   stride piano player, owned a general store. A service station across the road had a jukebox, on which Mr. Allison heard blues singers like Memphis Minnie and Tampa Red. He began taking piano lessons at 5 and was playing in bands as a young teenager  —   around the same time he wrote his first song, “The   Palmolive Plan,” a satirical jab at radio commercials in the style of the saxophonist, singer and bandleader Louis Jordan’s jump blues. His main hero then was Nat King Cole, a   jazz pianist who had begun singing with his trio in a smoothly urbane style. For a while Mr. Allison also played the trumpet, on local gigs and, after he joined the Army in 1946, with the 179th Army Ground Forces Band. He had put in a year at the University of Mississippi before his service, and he briefly returned to Ole Miss  —   one reason, perhaps, for his sobriquet “the William Faulkner of jazz,” popularized by Mr. Sidran. But he soon lost interest in his chosen field, chemical engineering. He ended up graduating from Louisiana State University with an English degree and then briefly worked the Southern club circuit. Moving to New York City in 1956, Mr. Allison found work as a jazz pianist, initially with the saxophonist Al Cohn. He joined a successful quintet led by Mr. Cohn and his fellow saxophonist Zoot Sims. His style had evolved, in line with modernists like Lennie Tristano and Thelonious Monk, but he still had a trace of the South in his earthy attack, and in his untroubled relationship with blues inflection. Mr. Allison recorded his debut album, “Back Country Suite,” for Prestige in 1957. A song cycle for piano trio inspired by his   roots, it was well reviewed but not a great commercial success. The same was true of “Local Color,” his second album, which introduced “Parchman Farm. ” At the time, his unorthodox musical blend often ran up against preconceived notions of style. “In the South, I’m considered an advanced bebop type,” he told DownBeat magazine in 1958. “In New York, I’m considered a country   type. Actually, I don’t think I’m either. Maybe I’m a little of both. ” Still, his star rose enough for him to be signed by Columbia Records, which in 1960 released “The Transfiguration of Hiram Brown,” an ambitious suite with a loosely autobiographical theme: the excitement and disillusionment of a young man who has moved from the country to the city. (Mr. Allison later returned to this subject on “If You’re Going to the City,” a signature tune.) But “Transfiguration” produced middling sales Prestige did far better with a 1963 compilation of his vocal sides, simply titled “Mose Allison Sings. ” By that time, Mr. Allison’s move to Atlantic Records had begun to sharpen his reputation as a singer and songwriter. His first album for the label, “I Don’t Worry About a Thing,” released in 1962, introduced several of his   tunes, including the title track, a blues that deflates its own trite expression with a caustic addendum: “’Cause I know nothing’s going to be all right. ” When Atlantic released “The Word From Mose” in 1964, the album cover featured a memorable tagline next to Mr. Allison’s photograph: “Words of wisdom from the jazz sage. ” Rather than make a pop or    album for the label, Mr. Allison stuck to his hybrid style, and his relatively modest commercial profile. He settled down on Long Island, where he lived for more than 40 years with his family before moving to Hilton Head Island. In addition to his daughter Amy, Mr. Allison is survived by his wife of 65 years, Audre two other daughters, Janine and Alissa Allison a son, John and two grandchildren. While Mr. Allison released fewer albums from the   on, he never stopped writing songs, in his dryly satirical vein. The title track of one album in the ’80s was “Middle Class White Boy. ” A later album  —   released in the early 1990s, when he was 66  —   opens with “Certified Senior Citizen,” followed by its incredulous pushback, “This Ain’t Me. ” For many years Mr. Allison kept up a busy touring schedule, typically with a trio. He reached some of his biggest audiences as an opening act for Van Morrison, who in 1996 made the album “Tell Me Something: The Songs of Mose Allison,” with Mr. Sidran and Mr. Fame. (Mr. Allison turned up as a guest on a couple of tracks.) Mr. Allison’s final studio album, “The Way of the World,” was released on the British independent label   in 2010. Produced by Joe Henry, who had coaxed him out of semiretirement, it finds him in an autumnal but still trenchant frame of mind, despite plaints to the contrary on the opening tune, “My Brain. ” The title track, set at a saunter, has the bittersweet resignation of an old man taking stock of what he’s seen. A live album recorded in 2006, “Mose Allison American Legend, Live in California,” was released in 2015. In recent years Mr. Allison stopped performing but kept receiving accolades. A marker with his name and biographical details was added to the Mississippi Blues Trail in 2012. The next year, he was recognized as a National Endowment for the Arts Jazz Master, the highest honor for jazz musicians. At the induction ceremony in Manhattan, Mr. Allison accompanied his daughter Amy at the piano in a version of his ballad “Was. ” A parlor waltz with connotations both mortal and memorial, it begins with some   wordplay, quickly turning poignant:",0
12890,Open Thread 2016-37,"News & views NOT related to the U.S. election ... 
(For election comments please use the previous thread .) Posted by b on November 4, 2016 at 02:58 PM | Permalink Comments 
I found this you tube program interesting. I doubt if the people of the west, and those oligarchs under its sway would find this possible, much less support it ... but, it is worth cussing. Maybe even discussing ... 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcyx_eveZ5Q Posted by: rg the lg | Nov 4, 2016 3:15:42 PM | 1 
I very strange car bombing happened in Hurriyah neighborhood in Baghdad on October 30, 2016. The attack was mentioned by Western mainstream media, including Associated Press , New York Times , Daily Mail , and Al-Jazeera . Photos and video was shown of the aftermath. Allegedly 10 people died. 
But it seems no attack ever happened. A viral CCTV video on Arabic language shows what really happened. Two men drive away after setting up the bomb. Immediately after the explosion about 20 ""crisis actor"" wannabees rush to the scene and stage a White Helmets style rescue performance. 
I still do what happened. The Shia trying to make the Sunnis look bad? Or was the false even itself a hoax staged by ISIS to make the Shia look bad? Or the U.S. trying to incite sectarian violence? Posted by: Petri Krohn | Nov 4, 2016 3:36:41 PM | 2 Verify your Comment",0
12891,"Comment on Creating a National Security State ‘Democracy,’ Or How the American Political System Changed and No One Noticed by James Miller","By Tom Engelhardt, a co-founder of the American Empire Project and the author of The United States of Fear as well as a history of the Cold War, The End of Victory Culture . He is a fellow of the Nation Institute and runs TomDispatch.com . His latest book is Shadow Government: Surveillance, Secret Wars, and a Global Security State in a Single-Superpower World . Originally published at TomDispatch < /p> 
To say that this is the election from hell is to insult hell. 
There’s been nothing like this since Washington forded the Rubicon or Trump crossed the Delaware or delivered the Gettysburg Address (you know, the one that began “Four score and eleven women ago…”) — or pick your own seminal moment in American history. 
Billions of words, that face, those gestures, the endless insults , the abused women and the emails, the 24/7 spectacle of it all… Whatever happens on Election Day, let’s accept one reality: we’re in a new political era in this country. We just haven’t quite taken it in. Not really. 
Forget Donald Trump. 
Doh! Why did I write that? Who could possibly forget the first presidential candidate in our history preemptively unwilling to accept election results? (Even the South in 1860 accepted the election of Abraham Lincoln before trying to wave goodbye to the Union.) Who could forget the man who claimed that abortions could take place on the day of or the day before actual birth? Who could forget the man who claimed in front of an audience of nearly 72 million Americans that he had never met the women who accused him of sexual aggression and abuse, including the People magazine reporter who interviewed him? Who could forget the candidate who proudly cited his positive polling results at rallies and in tweets, month after month, before (when those same polls turned against him) discovering that they were all “ rigged ”? 
Whatever you think of The Donald, who in the world — and I mean the whole wide world (including the Iranians ) — could possibly forget him or the election he’s stalked so ominously? When you think of him, however, don’t make him the cause of American political dysfunction. He’s just the bizarre, disturbed, and disturbing symptom of the transformation of the American political system. 
Admittedly, he is a one-of-a-kind “politician,” even among his associates in surging right-wing nationalist and anti-whatever movements globally. He makes France’s Marine Le Pen seem like the soul of rationality and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte look like a master tactician of our age. But what truly makes Donald Trump and this election season fascinating and confounding is that we’re not just talking about the presidency of a country, but of the country. The United States remains the great imperial state on Planet Earth in terms of the reach of its military and the power of its economy and culture to influence the workings of everything just about everywhere. And yet, based on the last strange year of election campaigning, it’s hard not to think that something — and not just The Donald — is unnervingly amiss on Planet America. 
The World War II Generation in 2016 
Sometimes, in my fantasies (as while watching the final presidential debate), I perform a private miracle and bring my parents back from the dead to observe our American world. With them in the room, I try to imagine the disbelief many from that World War II generation would surely express about our present moment. Of course, they lived through a devastating depression, light years beyond anything we experienced in the Great Recession of 2007-2008, as well as a global conflagration of a sort that had never been experienced and — short of nuclear war — is not likely to be again. 
Despite this, I have no doubt that they would be boggled by our world and the particular version of chaos we now live with. To start at a global level, both my mother (who died in 1977) and my father (who died in 1983) spent decades in the nuclear age, the era of humanity’s greatest — for want of a better word — achievement. After all, for the first time in history, we humans took the apocalypse out of the hands of God (or the gods), where it had resided for thousands of years, and placed it directly in our own. What they didn’t live to experience, however, was history’s second potential deal-breaker, climate change, already bringing upheaval to the planet, and threatening a slow-motion apocalypse of an unprecedented sort. 
While nuclear weapons have not been used since August 9, 1945 , even if they have spread to the arsenals of numerous countries, climate change should be seen as a snail-paced version of nuclear war — and keep in mind that humanity is still pumping near-record levels of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. I imagine my parents’ amazement that the most dangerous and confounding issue on the planet didn’t get a single question , not to speak of an answer, in the three presidential debates of 2016, the four and a half hours of charges, insults, and interruptions just past. Neither a moderator, nor evidently an undecided voter (in the town hall second debate), nor either presidential candidate — each ready to change the subject on a moment’s notice from embarrassing questions about sexual aggression, emails, or anything else — thought it worth the slightest attention. It was, in short, a problem too large to discuss, one whose existence Donald Trump (like just about every other Republican) denies, or rather, in his case, labels a “hoax” that he uniquely blames on a Chinese plot to sink America. 
So much for insanity (and inanity) when it comes to the largest question of all. On a somewhat more modest scale, my mom and dad wouldn’t have recognized our political world as American, and not just because of Donald Trump. They would have been staggered by the money pouring into our political system — at least $6.6 billion in this election cycle according to the latest estimate, more than 10% of that from only 100 families. They would have been stunned by our 1% elections ; by our new Gilded Age ; by a billionaire TV celebrity running as a “populist” by riling up once Democratic working-class whites immiserated by the likes of him and his “brand” of casino capitalism, scam, and spectacle; by all those other billionaires pouring money into the Republican Party to create a gerrymandered Congress that will do their obstructionist bidding; and by just how much money can be “invested” in our political system in perfectly legal ways these days. And I haven’t even mentioned the Other Candidate, who spent all of August on the true “campaign trail,” hobnobbing not with ordinary Americans but with millionaires and billionaires (and assorted celebrities ) to build up her phenomenal “ war chest .” 
I would have to take a deep breath and explain to my parents that, in twenty-first-century America, by Supreme Court decree, money has become the equivalent of speech, even if it’s anything but “free.” And let’s not forget that other financial lodestone for an American election these days: the television news, not to speak of the rest of the media. How could I begin to lay out for my parents, for whom presidential elections were limited fall events, the bizarre nature of an election season that starts with media speculation about the next-in-line just as the previous season is ending, and continues more or less nonstop thereafter? Or the spectacle of talking heads discussing just about nothing but that election 24/7 on cable television for something like a full year, or the billions of ad dollars that have fueled this never-ending Super Bowl of campaigns, filling the coffers of the owners of cable and network news? 
We’ve grown strangely used to it all, but my mom and dad would undoubtedly think they were in another country — and that would be before they were even introduced to the American system as it now exists, the one for which Donald Trump is such a bizarre front man. 
What Planet Is This Anyway? 
I wish I still had my high school civics text. If you’re of a certain age, you’ll remember it: the one in which a man from Mars lands on Main Street, USA, to be lectured on the glories of American democracy and our carefully constructed, checked-and-balanced tripartite form of governance. I’m sure knowledge of that system changed life on Mars for the better, even if it was already something of a fantasy here on Earth in my parents’ time. After all, Republican President Dwight D. Eisenhower — my mom and dad voted for Democrat Adlai Stevenson — was the one who, in his farewell address in 1961, first brought “the potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power” and “the military-industrial complex” to the attention of the American people. 
Yes, all of that was already changing then, as a peacetime war state of unparalleled size developed in this country. Still, 30-odd years after my father’s death, surveying the American landscape, my parents might believe themselves on Mars. They would undoubtedly wonder what exactly had happened to the country they knew. After all, thanks to the Republican Party’s scorched-earth tactics in these last years in bipolar Washington, Congress, that collection of putative representatives of the people (now a crew of well-paid, well-financed representatives of the country’s special interests in a capital overrun with corporate lobbyists), hardly functions anymore. Little of significance makes it through the porticos of the Capitol. Recently, for instance, John McCain (usually considered a relatively “moderate” Republican senator) suggested — before walking his comments part way back — that if Hillary Clinton were elected president, his fellow Republican senators might decide a priori not to confirm a single Supreme Court justice she nominated during her tenure in office. That, of course, would mean a court now down to what looks like a permanent crew of eight would shrink accordingly. And his comments, which once would have shocked Americans to the core, caused hardly a ripple of upset or protest. 
On my tour of this new world, I might start by pointing out to my mom and dad that the U.S. is now in a state of permanent war , its military at the moment involved in conflicts in at least six countries in the Greater Middle East and Africa. These are all purely presidential conflicts, as Congress no longer has a real role in American war-making (other than ponying up the money for it and beating the drums to support it). The executive branch stands alone when it comes to the war powers once checked and balanced in the Constitution. 
And I wouldn’t want my parents to simply look abroad. The militarization of this country has proceeded apace and in ways that, I have not the slightest doubt, would shock them to their core. I could take my parents, for instance, to Grand Central Station in midtown Manhattan, their hometown and still mine, and on any day of the week they would see the once-inconceivable: actual armed soldiers on guard in full camo. I could mention that, at my local subway stop, I’ve several times noted a New York police department counterterror squad that could be mistaken for a military Special Ops team, assault rifles slung across their chests, and no one even stops and gawks anymore. I could point out that the police across the country increasingly have the look of military units and are supplied by the Pentagon with actual weaponry and equipment directly off distant U.S. battlefields, including armored vehicles of various sorts. I could mention that military surveillance drones, those precursors of future robotic warfare (and, for my parents, right out of the childhood sci-fi novels I used to read), are now regularly in American skies ; that advanced surveillance equipment developed in far-off war zones is now being used by the police here at home; and that, though political assassination was officially banned in the post-Watergate 1970s, the president now commands a formidable CIA drone force that regularly carries out such assassinations across large swaths of the planet, even against U.S. citizens , and without the say-so of anyone outside the White House, including the courts. I could mention that the president who, in my parents’ time, commanded one modest-sized secret army, the CIA’s paramilitaries, now essentially presides over a full-scale secret military, the Special Operations Command: 70,000 elite troops cocooned inside the larger U.S. military, including elite teams ready to be deployed on what are essentially executive missions across the planet. 
I could point out that, in the twenty-first century, U.S. intelligence has set up a global surveillance state that would have shamed the totalitarian powers of the previous century and that American citizens, en masse, are included in it; that our emails (a new concept for my parents) have been collected by the millions and our phone records made available to the state; that privacy, in short, has essentially been declared un-American. I would also point out that, on the basis of one tragic day and what otherwise has been the most modest of threats to Americans, a single fear — of Islamic terrorism — has been the pretext for the building of the already existing national security state into an edifice of almost unbelievable proportions that has been given once unimaginable powers, funded in ways that should amaze anyone (not just visitors from the American past), and has become the unofficial fourth branch of the U.S. government without either discussion or a vote. 
Little that it does — and it does a lot — is open to public scrutiny. For their own “safety,”“the People” are to know nothing of its workings (except what it wants them to know). Meanwhile, secrecy of a claustrophobic sort has spread across significant parts of the government. The government classified 92 million documents in 2011 and things seem not to have gotten much better since. In addition, the national security state has been elaborating a body of “ secret law ”— including classified rules, regulations, and interpretations of already existing law — kept from the public and, in some cases, even from congressional oversight committees. 
Americans, in other words, know ever less about what their government does in their name at home and abroad. 
I might suggest to my parents that they simply imagine the Constitution of the United States being rewritten and amended in secrecy and on the fly in these years without as much as a nod to “We, the People.” In this way, as our elections became elaborate spectacles, democracy was sucked dry and ditched in all but name — and that name is undoubtedly Donald J. Trump. 
Consider that, then, a brief version of how I might describe our new American world to my amazed parents. 
America as a National Security State 
None of this is The Donald’s responsibility. In the years in which a new American system was developing, he was firing people on TV. You could, of course, think of him as the poster boy for an America in which spectacle, celebrity, the gilded class of One Percenters, and the national security state have melded into a narcissistic, self-referential brew of remarkable toxicity. 
Whether Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump is elected president, one thing is obvious: the vast edifice that is the national security state, with its 17 intelligence agencies and enormous imperial military, will continue to elaborate itself and expand its power in our American world. Both candidates have sworn to pour yet more money into that military and the intelligence and Homeland Security apparatus that goes with it. None of this, of course, has much of anything to do with American democracy as it was once imagined. 
Someday perhaps, like my parents, “I” will be called back from the dead by one of my children to view with awe or horror whatever world exists. Long after the America of an unimaginable Donald J. Trump presidency or a far-more-imaginable Hillary Clinton version of the same has been folded into some god-awful, half-forgotten chapter in our history, I wonder what will surprise or confound “me” then. What version of our country and planet will “I” face in 2045? 0 0 0 0 0 0",0
12892,Obama Freaks Out Over Freedom of the Press,"Email 
Obama recently criticized what he described as the “wild-wild-west” flow information in America, outraged that “conspiracy theorists” and skeptics of his global-warming theory now have a platform. He also reminisced on the days when just three establishment media outlets dominated the narrative, and were “generally” trusted by Americans. 
Today, polls show Americans have overwhelmingly rejected the establishment media's deception, lies, and propaganda. That is why Obama and the establishment he serves are calling for a “curating function” to help control information and the narrative. 
But the truth will remain the truth. And because the alternative media has done a better job of seeking and promoting the truth, in recent years it has seen an enormous increase in ratings and influence. This will continue as long as the truth is being reported – something the mischaracterized “mainstream” media has not done in quite some time. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
12893,"Los BRICS plantan cara a la guerra financiera de Estados Unidos, por Ariel Noyola Rodríguez","Los BRICS plantan cara a la guerra financiera de Estados Unidos por Ariel Noyola Rodríguez Para hacer frente a la guerra financiera de Estados Unidos, es urgente que los BRICS fortalezcan sus vínculos de cooperación en los ámbitos de la economía y las finanzas. El nuevo banco de desarrollo de los BRICS debe aumentar su volumen de créditos, lo mismo el Acuerdo Contingente de Reservas. Adicionalmente, los BRICS deben poner en marcha lo más pronto posible su propia agencia de calificación. Para intensificar su cohesión económica, la implementación de un área de libre comercio echaría abajo las barreras arancelarias y, con ello, incrementaría sustancialmente los intercambios comerciales entre ellos. En definitiva, si no se toman cuanto antes las medidas pertinentes, los BRICS corren el riesgo de naufragar durante el próximo huracán financiero.
Red Voltaire | Ciudad de México (México) | 27 de octubre de 2016 français русский italiano El 15 y 16 de octubre se llevó a cabo en el estado de Goa (India) la octava cumbre de los BRICS, acrónimo de Brasil, Rusia, India, China y Sudáfrica. Hay que reconocer que el encuentro se desarrolló en medio de una situación profundamente crítica para la economía mundial. Sin embargo, los BRICS pusieron de manifiesto, una vez más, su extraordinaria capacidad para transformar un mal momento en una oportunidad para profundizar los vínculos entre ellos desde una perspectiva estratégica.
Después de que las economías de los BRICS gozaran de una ’época dorada’, en los últimos años sus tasas de crecimiento han sufrido una drástica desaceleración. Frente a esta difícil coyuntura, hoy más que nunca los BRICS necesitan echar mano de las instituciones financieras que presentaron ante el mundo hace un par de años en Fortaleza (Brasil) durante su sexta cumbre [ 1 ].
En abril pasado, su nuevo banco de desarrollo realizó sus primeros préstamos [ 2 ] por más de 800 millones de dólares y para 2017 se calcula que los créditos otorgados podrían alcanzar los 2 500 millones de dólares [ 3 ]. Asimismo, esta entidad financiera llevó a cabo en julio de este año una histórica emisión de ’bonos verdes’ (’green bonds’) en yuanes por un monto equivalente a 450 millones de dólares [ 4 ]. Estos títulos financieros, a la vez que incrementan la influencia de la moneda china a escala mundial, sirven para el financiamiento de grandes proyectos de inversión.
Por su parte, el Acuerdo Contingente de Reservas (CRA, por sus siglas en inglés), dotado de 100 000 millones de dólares, ya está listo para otorgar sus primeras líneas de crédito con el objetivo de estabilizar las balanzas de pagos de los BRICS, según anunció el ministro de Finanzas de la India, Arun Jaitley [ 5 ]. Toda vez que la Reserva Federal (FED) de Estados Unidos amaga permanentemente con subir la tasa de interés de los fondos federales (’federal funds rate’) y, con ello, detonar una nueva turbulencia financiera mundial, urge que los BRICS incrementen cuanto antes los recursos monetarios de su fondo de estabilización pues, de lo contrario, corren el riesgo de padecer serios estragos por las apuestas especulativas de los grandes bancos de inversiones.
De forma simultánea, los BRICS necesitan abrir nuevos frentes de batalla que desafíen de modo abierto la hegemonía de Estados Unidos y el dólar en el sistema financiero mundial [ 6 ], no solamente a través de los intercambios comerciales en monedas locales sino, por ejemplo, a través de la acumulación de reservas en yuanes entre sus bancos centrales, más todavía luego de que ’la moneda del pueblo’ (’renminbi’, en chino) ingresó oficialmente el pasado 1º de octubre en los Derechos Especiales de Giro (’Special Drawing Rights’), la canasta de divisas de élite creada por el Fondo Monetario Internacional (FMI) a finales de la década de los 60 [ 7 ].
Por añadidura, los BRICS tienen la capacidad de articular una gran alianza financiera con poderosos eslabonamientos geopolíticos entre América Latina, Asia, África y el Medio Oriente. Los bancos regionales de desarrollo, que están conformados en su mayoría por los países periféricos, bien pueden servir a este objetivo: el Banco Asiático de Inversiones en Infraestructura (AIIB, por sus siglas en inglés), el banco del ALBA (Alianza Bolivariana para los Pueblos de Nuestra América) e incluso el Banco del Sur que, finalmente, arrancará antes de que termine este año.
Asimismo, se ha vuelto una imperiosa exigencia para los BRICS la puesta en marcha de una agencia de calificación propia que rompa con el predominio aplastante que Estados Unidos mantiene a través de Fitch, Moody’s y Standard & Poor’s [ 8 ]
. Estas tres agencias de calificación, más que realizar evaluaciones que se guíen por criterios de tipo técnico, actúan fundamentalmente bajo impulsos de carácter político; esto es, como auténticas máquinas de guerra: degradan las notas de los bonos de deuda soberana y, con ello, elevan dramáticamente los costos de financiamiento de países como Grecia, Rusia o Venezuela.
La cohesión económica es otro de los grandes retos, si bien es indudable que se ha venido intensificando de forma sustantiva durante los años recientes: entre 2001 y 2015, el comercio entre los BRICS como proporción de sus intercambios totales se duplicó del 6 al 12% [ 9 ]. China es, por mucho, la economía que está más integrada con los demás BRICS. En contraste, los vínculos entre países como la India y Sudáfrica son marginales. Lo mismo sucede entre Brasil y Rusia. Por eso es muy pertinente la próxima implementación de un área de libre comercio entre los BRICS [ 10 ]. Sin embargo, además de echar abajo las barreras arancelarias entre ellos, los BRICS necesitan promover la construcción de cadenas de valor de forma conjunta; esto es, integrar sus aparatos productivos para incentivar la industrialización de las economías menos aventajadas.
En conclusión, son muchos los desafíos en el horizonte para estas cinco potencias emergentes. Estoy convencido de que, en lo sucesivo, el éxito de los BRICS dependerá de la capacidad que tengan para reinventarse, de su creatividad para articular nuevas dimensiones de cooperación con vistas a cumplir metas de más largo alcance. Frente a la nueva guerra financiera que prepara Estados Unidos, es momento de que los BRICS vuelvan a la carga…
Ariel Noyola Rodríguez Fuente
Russia Today (Rusia)",0
12894,Cartel-linked Border Politician Loses Congressional Bid in Mexico,"PIEDRAS NEGRAS, Coahuila  —   A former governor singled out in U. S. and Spanish courts as a surrogate of Los Zetas cartel lost his bid for Mexico’s Congress and a chance at receiving prosecutorial immunity. [This week, the Mexican border state of Coahuila was on edge as the region underwent an electoral process plagued with allegations of voter fraud at the highest level. As Breitbart Texas reported, thousands of citizens peacefully protested the alleged theft of the election by members of Mexico’s Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).  For more than 70 years, the PRI has maintained some sort of power throughout Mexico in elections plagued with accusations of voter fraud. As Breitbart Texas reported, the political party has a long history of ties with Mexican drug cartels. Various governors from the PRI were exposed in U. S. court testimony and documents for working with the same drug cartels responsible for violence around the nation. One of those former governors, Humberto Moreira, was blamed for giving protection to Los Zetas in exchange for bribes. After Moreira’s term, his brother Ruben assumed power and is about to conclude his term. Election watchdogs expected the oppositino party to succeed following the Moreiras, but were stunned by upset victories thereafter. In that election, Moreira was kicked out of the PRI and ran with the Partido Joven in an attempt to win a plurinominal congressional seat. Mexico’s law provides prosecutorial immunity to federal elected officials. That attempt at protection failed this week when the final tally of the votes revealed that his party missed the threshold needed for him to get a congressional seat by only a handful of votes. According to Coahuila state law, Partido Joven needed to achieve three percent of the total votes in order to remain an active party, and for Moreira to win a congressional seat. The party only received 35, 113 votes or 2. 87 percent of the total. Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook.",0
12895,Secret Ledger in Ukraine Lists Cash for Donald Trump’s Campaign Chief - The New York Times,"KIEV, Ukraine  —   On a leafy side street off Independence Square in Kiev is an office used for years by Donald J. Trump’s campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, when he consulted for Ukraine’s ruling political party. His furniture and personal items were still there as recently as May. And Mr. Manafort’s presence remains elsewhere here in the capital, where government investigators examining secret records have found his name, as well as companies he sought business with, as they try to untangle a corrupt network they say was used to loot Ukrainian assets and influence elections during the administration of Mr. Manafort’s main client, former President Viktor F. Yanukovych. Handwritten ledgers show $12. 7 million in undisclosed cash payments designated for Mr. Manafort from Mr. Yanukovych’s   political party from 2007 to 2012, according to Ukraine’s newly formed National   Bureau. Investigators assert that the disbursements were part of an illegal    system whose recipients also included election officials. In addition, criminal prosecutors are investigating a group of offshore shell companies that helped members of Mr. Yanukovych’s inner circle finance their lavish lifestyles, including a palatial presidential residence with a private zoo, golf course and tennis court. Among the hundreds of murky transactions these companies engaged in was an $18 million deal to sell Ukrainian cable television assets to a partnership put together by Mr. Manafort and a Russian oligarch, Oleg Deripaska, a close ally of President Vladimir V. Putin. Mr. Manafort’s involvement with moneyed interests in Russia and Ukraine had previously come to light. But as American relationships there become a rising issue in the presidential campaign  —   from Mr. Trump’s favorable statements about Mr. Putin and his annexation of Crimea to the suspected Russian hacking of Democrats’ emails  —   an examination of Mr. Manafort’s activities offers new details of how he mixed politics and business out of public view and benefited from powerful interests now under scrutiny by the new government in Kiev.   officials there say the payments earmarked for Mr. Manafort, previously unreported, are a focus of their investigation, though they have yet to determine if he actually received the cash. While Mr. Manafort is not a target in the separate inquiry of offshore activities, prosecutors say he must have realized the implications of his financial dealings. “He understood what was happening in Ukraine,” said Vitaliy Kasko, a former senior official with the general prosecutor’s office in Kiev. “It would have to be clear to any reasonable person that the Yanukovych clan, when it came to power, was engaged in corruption. ” Mr. Kasko added, “It’s impossible to imagine a person would look at this and think, ‘Everything is all right. ’” Mr. Manafort did not respond to interview requests or written questions from The New York Times. But his lawyer, Richard A. Hibey, said Mr. Manafort had not received “any such cash payments” described by the   officials. Mr. Hibey also disputed Mr. Kasko’s suggestion that Mr. Manafort might have countenanced corruption or been involved with people who took part in illegal activities. “These are suspicions, and probably heavily politically tinged ones,” said Mr. Hibey, a member of the Washington law firm Miller  Chevalier. “It is difficult to respect any kind of allegation of the sort being made here to smear someone when there is no proof and we deny there ever could be such proof. ” The developments in Ukraine underscore the risky nature of the international consulting that has been a staple of Mr. Manafort’s business since the 1980s, when he went to work for the Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos. Before joining Mr. Trump’s campaign this spring, Mr. Manafort’s most prominent recent client was Mr. Yanukovych, who  —   like Mr. Marcos  —   was deposed in a popular uprising. Before he fled to Russia two years ago, Mr. Yanukovych and his Party of Regions relied heavily on the advice of Mr. Manafort and his firm, who helped them win several elections. During that period, Mr. Manafort never registered as a foreign agent with the United States Justice Department  —   as required of those seeking to influence American policy on behalf of foreign clients  —   although one of his subcontractors did. It is unclear if Mr. Manafort’s activities necessitated registering. If they were limited to advising the Party of Regions in Ukraine, he probably would not have had to. But he also worked to burnish his client’s image in the West and helped Mr. Yanukovych’s administration draft a report defending its prosecution of his chief rival, Yulia V. Tymoshenko, in 2012. Whatever the case, absent a registration  —   which requires disclosure of how much the registrant is being paid and by whom  —   Mr. Manafort’s compensation has remained a mystery. However, a cache of documents discovered after the fall of Mr. Yanukovych’s government may provide some answers. The papers, known in Ukraine as the “black ledger,” are a   of Cyrillic covering about 400 pages taken from books once kept in a   room in the former Party of Regions headquarters on Lipskaya Street in Kiev. The room held two safes stuffed with $100 bills, said Taras V. Chornovil, a former party leader who was also a recipient of the money at times. He said in an interview that he had once received $10, 000 in a “wad of cash” for a trip to Europe. “This was our cash,” he said, adding that he had left the party in part over concerns about    activity. “They had it on the table, stacks of money, and they had lists of who to pay. ” The National   Bureau, which obtained the ledger, said in a statement that Mr. Manafort’s name appeared 22 times in the documents over five years, with payments totaling $12. 7 million. The purpose of the payments is not clear. Nor is the outcome, since the handwritten entries cannot be   against banking records, and the signatures for receipt have not yet been verified. “Paul Manafort is among those names on the list of   ‘black accounts of the Party of Regions,’ which the detectives of the National   Bureau of Ukraine are investigating,” the statement said. “We emphasize that the presence of P. Manafort’s name in the list does not mean that he actually got the money, because the signatures that appear in the column of recipients could belong to other people. ” The accounting records surfaced this year, when Serhiy A. Leshchenko, a member of Parliament who said he had received a partial copy from a source he did not identify, published line items covering six months of outlays in 2012 totaling $66 million. In an interview, Mr. Leshchenko said another source had provided the entire multiyear ledger to Viktor M. Trepak, a former deputy director of the domestic intelligence agency of Ukraine, the S. B. U. who passed it to the National   Bureau. The bureau, whose government funding is mandated under American and European Union aid programs and which has an   agreement with the F. B. I. has investigatory powers but cannot indict suspects. Only if it passes its findings to prosecutors  —   which has not happened with Mr. Manafort  —   does a subject of its inquiry become part of a criminal case. Individual disbursements reflected in the ledgers ranged from a few hundred dollars to millions of dollars. Of the records released from 2012, one shows a payment of $67, 000 for a watch and another of $8. 4 million to the owner of an advertising agency for campaign work for the party before elections that year. “It’s a very vivid example of how political parties are financed in Ukraine,” said Daria N. Kaleniuk, the executive director of the   Action Center in Kiev. “It represents the very dirty cash economy in Ukraine. ” While working in Ukraine, Mr. Manafort had also positioned himself to profit from business deals that benefited from connections he had gained through his political consulting. One of them, according to court filings, involved a network of offshore companies that government investigators and independent journalists in Ukraine have said was used to launder public money and assets purportedly stolen by cronies of the government. The network comprised shell companies whose ultimate owners were shielded by the secrecy laws of the offshore jurisdictions where they were registered, including the British Virgin Islands, Belize and the Seychelles. In a recent interview, Serhiy V. Gorbatyuk, Ukraine’s special prosecutor for   corruption cases, pointed to an open file on his desk containing paperwork for one of the shell companies, Milltown Corporate Services Ltd. which played a central role in the state’s purchase of two oil derricks for $785 million, or about double what they were said to be worth. “This,” he said, “was an offshore used often by Mr. Yanukovych’s entourage. ” The role of the offshore companies in business dealings involving Mr. Manafort came to light because of court filings in the Cayman Islands and in a federal court in Virginia related to an investment fund, Pericles Emerging Markets. Mr. Manafort and several partners started the fund in 2007, and its major backer was Mr. Deripaska, the Russian mogul, to whom the State Department has refused to issue a visa, apparently because of allegations linking him to Russian organized crime, a charge he has denied. Mr. Deripaska agreed to commit as much as $100 million to Pericles so it could buy assets in Ukraine and Eastern Europe, including a regional cable television and communications company called Black Sea Cable. But corporate records and court filings show that it was hardly a straightforward transaction. The Black Sea Cable assets were controlled by a rotating cast of offshore companies that led back to the Yanukovych network, including, at various times, Milltown Corporate Services and two other companies well known to law enforcement officials, Monohold A. G. and Intrahold A. G. Those two companies won inflated contracts with a   agricultural company, and also acquired a business center in Kiev with a helicopter pad on the roof that would ease Mr. Yanukovych’s commute from his country estate to the presidential offices. Mr. Deripaska would later say he invested $18. 9 million in Pericles in 2008 to complete the acquisition of Black Sea Cable. But the planned purchase  —   including the question of who ended up with the Black Sea assets  —   has since become the subject of a dispute between Mr. Deripaska and Mr. Manafort. In 2014, Mr. Deripaska filed a legal action in a Cayman Islands court seeking to recover his investment in Pericles, which is now defunct. He also said he had paid about $7. 3 million in management fees to the fund over two years. Mr. Deripaska did not respond to requests for comment. Mr. Manafort’s lawyer, Mr. Hibey, disputed the account of the Black Sea Cable deal contained in Mr. Deripaska’s Cayman filings, and said the Russian oligarch had overseen details of the final transaction involving the acquisition. He denied that Mr. Manafort had received management fees from Pericles during its operation, but said that one of Mr. Manafort’s partners, Rick Gates, who is also working on the Trump campaign, had received a “nominal” sum. Court papers indicate that Pericles’ only deal involved Black Sea Cable. Mr. Manafort continued working in Ukraine after the demise of Mr. Yanukovych’s government, helping allies of the ousted president and others form a political bloc that opposed the new   administration. Some of his aides were in Ukraine as recently as this year, and Ukrainian company records give no indication that Mr. Manafort has formally dissolved the local branch of his company, Davis Manafort International, directed by a longtime assistant, Konstantin V. Kilimnik. At Mr. Manafort’s old office on Sofiivska Street, new tenants said they had discovered several curiosities apparently left behind, including a knee   signed by Mr. Yanukovych, possibly referring to tennis matches played between Mr. Manafort and Mr. Yanukovych, who had spoken publicly of a knee ailment affecting his game. There was another item with Mr. Yanukovych’s autograph: a piece of white paper bearing a rough sketch of Independence Square, the site of the 2014 uprising that drove him from power.",0
12897,"Illegal immigrant who beat, deafened wife to be removed from NZ","Illegal immigrant who beat, deafened wife to be removed from NZ Illegal immigrant who beat, deafened wife to be removed from NZ By 0 60 
Immigration New Zealand are set to deport a man convicted of beating his wife so severely as she held their baby daughter that he temporarily deafened her. 
Jone Vuetaki, 26, was sentenced in the Timaru District Court to 130 hours of community work in August for the vicious assault of his wife in November last year. 
The Fiji-born meat worker denied the charge but was found guilty after a trial before Judge Joanna Maze. 
After he was sentenced Immigration New Zealand revealed that Vuetaki was here illegally. 
He had been in the country unlawfully since March. 
“Vuetaki is liable for deportation, but INZ strongly encourages him to settle his affairs and make arrangements to leave the country as soon as possible by departing voluntarily.” 
It is understood Vuetaki appealed his sentence. 
His now ex-wife told the Herald that the judge dismissed that appeal and cancelled his community service so he was free to leave the country immediately. 
“He is now free to leave the country on his own, if he is not gone in a few weeks he will be deported,” said the woman, whom the Herald has agreed not to name. 
She said she was disappointed that Vuetaki would not have to do the community work, but relieved he had to leave New Zealand. 
“That’s the only thing I get out of this,” she said. 
An Immigration New Zealand spokesman confirmed Vuetaki would soon be sent back to Fiji. 
“Mr Vuetaki is still in New Zealand but arrangements are being made for his departure,” he said. 
Vuetaki assaulted his…",0
12898,Merciless End for a Long Island Cop Killer - The New York Times,"There are limited ways to atone from behind prison walls, but John MacKenzie found opportunities. In prison, he organized   sessions for murderers like himself who wanted to repent. Rather than seek to forget his crime, he spoke often of the man he had shot and killed, a Long Island police officer named Matthew Giglio. And he encouraged other inmates to do the same, to speak their victim’s name and to remember that somewhere on the outside, all these years later, a family was still grieving. “John would push us,” said one friend, Sebastian Ventimiglia, who spent 37 years in prison for murder. “It was heavy, man, and John was the group leader. ” Mr. MacKenzie was, by all accounts, a model inmate. He had not committed a single disciplinary infraction since 1980. But one fact about him would never change, not even after 40 years in prison: He was a cop killer, and he finally realized that the parole board was unlikely to ever think of him as anything else. “I can’t redeem myself in the eyes of anybody,” he said at his parole hearing in July. A week after the parole board turned him down for the 10th time, his exemplary prison record came to an end: On Aug. 4, Mr. MacKenzie, 70, hanged himself with a sheet at the Fishkill Correctional Facility in Beacon, N. Y. For the last 15 years, he beseeched the board to consider the man he had become and not only the crime he had committed. “I believe you will agree that I should be given the opportunity to prove that rehabilitation really works and that I should be released,” he wrote to the parole board. In this, Mr. MacKenzie had a number of supporters, including the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Albany and a state judge, who this year began to fine the parole board for what she believed was its unwillingness to evaluate Mr. MacKenzie’s rehabilitation. “This case begs the question: If parole isn’t granted to this petitioner, when and under what circumstances would it be granted?” Justice Maria G. Rosa of State Supreme Court wrote in May. The possibility of rehabilitation is a central premise underpinning New York State’s penal system, where   sentences like the one Mr. MacKenzie received  —   25 years to life  —   are typical. Such sentences suggest the possibility of release but leave the decision to the parole board. One recent    survey found that the parole board in New York has the power to leave more inmates  —   9, 262 as of January of this year  —   in prison until their dying breath than any state but California. Mr. MacKenzie became eligible for release in 2000, after 25 years in prison. When he appeared before the parole board, he said that he wished he had been the one to die, and not Officer Giglio. “I wish that night it was me,” he said the first of many times that he would appear before the board. But when pressed to explain his crime, a question he would be asked at every parole hearing, Mr. MacKenzie struggled. He said that he could not actually remember shooting Officer Giglio. He was in the middle of a blackout  —   he used the term “automatism”  —   which he attributed to the pills he was then taking. There were a lot  —   Darvon, Norgesic Forte, Valium and others. It had taken years, in fact, for him to even accept that he had shot Officer Giglio. While reading thousands of pages of testimony from his trial, as he prepared for his appeals, “little bits and pieces started coming and I realize I did this,” he later told a parole board. John MacKenzie had been a   thief and fence until 2:30 a. m. on Oct. 7, 1975. At that moment, he was stealing 240 blouses from a women’s clothing store in West Hempstead, tossing them out a window into the trunk of a car, when the police drove by. They saw an idling car, strewed clothing, an open window  —   and called for backup. Officer Giglio, who was driving an ambulance on a special assignment, soon arrived. Mr. Mackenzie, a big man with a    face, tried to flee. The officer held a flashlight, the thief a gun. There was a shot, and Mr. MacKenzie ran. Seven hours later, a dragnet of officers found him hiding under a tarp in a garage 250 yards from the scene. The bullet he had fired pierced Officer Giglio’s intestines and severed his aorta. In the ambulance that he had driven to the scene, he was rushed to Mercy Medical Center in Rockville Centre. His kidneys failed. Gangrene set in. His right leg was amputated three weeks later. Friends and relatives hung   pictures of his children so they would be right there when he finally opened his eyes. His wife rarely left his side during the 10 weeks he clung to life. Each evening at the Giglio home in Valley Stream, the grandmother would turn off the television before the children could hear the nightly news, with its updates on their father’s condition. The three children  —   Doreen, 10 Regina, 8 Matthew Jr. 4  —   would gather at the kitchen table to pray for their father. The TV turned off, the prayers at the kitchen table  —   those were some of Matthew’s earliest memories. Officer Giglio died on Dec. 16, 1975, at age 35. Mr. MacKenzie was convicted of   murder and sentenced to 25 years to life in prison. He would have a chance at parole when the new millennium rolled round, but that seemed a long way off. Mr. MacKenzie remained unrepentant until 1983. That year, locked in Attica Correctional Facility, he attended an educational program about crime and punishment. He provoked an argument, saying, “I’m a victim, you know, I got 25 years to life. ” One of the lecturers let him know just how wrong he was. They began to talk. “That was my epiphany,” he recalled decades later at a parole hearing. “From that day on my whole life changed. ” In prison, Mr. MacKenzie was something of an organizer. He helped inmates record themselves reading books aloud  —   so they would have something to send to their children. He taught some to read and encouraged others to get college degrees. After years of   he received permission to convene a   group for violent criminals. As part of the program, the inmates met with other crime victims or their relatives. That was how Carolee Brooks found herself visiting Green Haven Correctional Facility in the 1990s. Ms. Brooks told the group about her son’s murder at a bar in Manhattan. She recounted how, during the ensuing trial, she reminded the assistant district attorney not to refer to her son as only “the bartender” but by his name, David. For each crime, she told the group, there was a victim whose memory needed tending. She encouraged the inmates to think of their victims by name, even to say those names aloud. Mr. MacKenzie suggested they start immediately. Around the circle they went. Some said it quietly. Others hung their heads. Matthew Giglio. He began saying the name often. He drafted a letter to Officer Giglio, full of things he wanted to say. He imagined himself apologizing to Officer Giglio’s family. As a prisoner, he was not allowed to contact them directly. But he asked a childhood friend who had become a detective to find out through an intermediary whether the Giglios would be receptive. He spoke to a television reporter about his remorse, hoping the Giglio family would be watching. The Giglios wanted none of it. “Don’t apologize to me,” Phyllis Giglio Carioti, the officer’s widow, said in a phone interview last month. “Get your forgiveness from God. ” Every other year, as Mr. MacKenzie prepared to go before the parole board, the Giglio children would also prepare. They gathered to write letters opposing parole. In front of television cameras, they explained that justice and public safety demanded that their father’s killer remain behind bars. “What I went through, with my children preparing for this, preparing speeches, getting out the scrapbook,” Ms. Giglio Carioti said. “Watching them fall apart all over again. ” Doreen Velardi, the officer’s older daughter, asked at a news conference in June: “What if he seeks revenge on my family? Who will protect us?” In an interview last month, Matthew Giglio Jr. said, “Having him granted parole would not only be a dishonor to our father but to all law enforcement officials. ” James Carver, the president of the Nassau County Police Benevolent Association, was of the same opinion. “If you intentionally kill a police officer, you should go away for life,” Mr. Carver said. “There is not much more to it than that. ” Of Mr. MacKenzie, he added, “He could be the most caring guy in the world, and my position is, you can do God’s work from behind bars. ” That view resonates among many officers, active and retired. “No Parole for Cop Killers” is the slogan on a website devoted to the memory of slain officers, Officer Down Memorial Page, where visitors can sign up to receive alerts about parole hearings. It says it has generated more than 170, 000 “no parole” letters  —   a number of them opposing Mr. MacKenzie’s release. During Mr. MacKenzie’s parole proceedings, the commissioners would sometimes note that there was significant “community opposition” to his release. But during parole hearings, the sticking point that arose year after year was the fact that Mr. MacKenzie said he had no memory of the crime. “Just because I don’t remember doesn’t preclude me from being responsible for my actions,” Mr. MacKenzie said in 2005, explaining that he feared the parole board “thought I was trying to avoid accepting responsibility. ” But for the board to find remorse, “it has to be an unequivocal mea culpa, there can be no ‘but,’” said Thomas O’Sullivan, a murderer who was imprisoned for 31 years and was close friends with Mr. MacKenzie during the 1980s at Green Haven. Matthew Giglio Jr. said, “If someone doesn’t remember taking a human life, how can they be truly remorseful?” As years passed, Mr. MacKenzie’s friends were paroled. One had bashed a man’s head with a bowling ball. Another had been convicted in a    plot. “There was nobody in his life,” Brian Conlan, a close friend who was paroled in 2007, said. In a 2013 letter, Mr. MacKenzie wrote to a friend, “It seems all those who were close to me have gone home and there’s no one left. ” During visiting hours, inmates would invite him to meet their families, because he so rarely had visitors. He was estranged from his two daughters until they reconnected in the final year of his life. He began to consider that he might die in prison. He consulted   charts, and he made one last bid for freedom. He filed a lawsuit claiming the parole board was wrong to focus solely on the nature of his crime, without considering his rehabilitation or the likelihood of his living a   life upon release. Justice Rosa sided with him, ruling that he was entitled to a new hearing. In 2014, he was transferred to Fishkill from Woodbourne Correctional Facility, where he had been unable to restart his   program. At Fishkill, Mr. MacKenzie encountered setback after setback. He initially shared a room with two young inmates, whom he described in a letter as schizophrenic and bipolar. They seemed impressed that he had killed a police officer. The 2015 escape of two inmates from the Clinton Correctional Facility in the far northern part of the state, which led to a renewed focus on prison security, had a disastrous effect on Mr. MacKenzie. At Fishkill, corrections officers began conducting frequent bed counts at night, to ensure that no inmates were missing, often waking Mr. MacKenzie. A light sleeper, he complained of being tortured by as many as four “rude awakenings” a night, he wrote to a friend. The murders of officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge, La. this year could not have happened at a worse time for him, he told a fellow inmate. At his July hearing, the parole board rejected Mr. MacKenzie’s release and found in a    vote, that there was “a reasonable probability” that he would again violate the law and that given the nature of his crime his release would “undermine respect for the law. ” For the first time, however, he received a single favorable vote. There was a second government official on his side as well: the judge. She had become fed up with the parole board’s handling of Mr. MacKenzie’s case and had started fining the state $500 a day until the board reconsidered him for parole. But Mr. MacKenzie was done waiting. In an Aug. 2 letter to his daughter, he seemed to be saying goodbye. “I wanted you to know how much suffering I’ve been through just in case you get a chance to let Doreen, Regina and Matthew Jr. know how much I’ve suffered! !! That should make them very happy! !!” In his letter he also quoted a Buddhist text: “Can a new wrong expiate old wrongs?” He mailed the letter. The next night, he joked with two prisoners in nearby cells about how his remaining behind bars had cost the state, since the judge’s order, almost $20, 000. The three prisoners returned to their bunks. It was not quite 11 p. m. At 6:30 a. m. when a corrections officer ordered all the inmates out of their cells for a head count, Mr. MacKenzie did not emerge. The officer found him dead, a sheet around his neck, the other end knotted to the window grate.",0
12899,The Most Shocking Campaign Ad You’ve Ever Seen,"The Most Shocking Campaign Ad You’ve Ever Seen Video highlights Clinton's dangerous military posture as world plunges closer to war Infowars.com - October 27, 2016 Comments 
In what might be the most shocking ‘campaign ad’ of the election season, Americans are shown the dangerous potential of a Hillary Clinton presidency. 
While Donald Trump attempts to ease tensions with the world’s nuclear powers, Clinton ramps up her frightening rhetoric that could undoubtedly tip global stability and usher in a nuclear world war. NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars Crew. Related Articles",0
12900,Facebook Criticizes New German ’Hate Speech’ Law for Social Media - Breitbart,"Facebook has criticized new German hate speech law that would see social media companies pay up to €50 million in fines if they fail to remove “hate speech” on their platform. [Business Insider reports that Facebook is unhappy with Germany’s new hate speech law that would force social media companies to face heavy fines for failure to remove hate speech and fake news from their platforms. Facebook has argued that these strict new measures will result in legal and legitimate content being deleted from their platform in order to avoid the fines.  The German government proposed legislation in March that would have social media companies fined if they didn’t quickly remove posts regarded as slanderous or threatening. Germany’s cabinet approved these plans in April, but they have yet to be implemented. The new law has now been challenged by Facebook. Facebook published a statement over the weekend which outlined why the new law “is not suitable to combat hate speech and false news. ” “The draft law provides an incentive to delete content that is not clearly illegal when social networks face such a disproportionate threat of fines,” Facebook claimed. “It would have the effect of transferring responsibility for complex legal decisions from public authorities to private companies. And several legal experts have assessed the draft law as being against the German constitution and   with EU law. Facebook is committed to working in partnership with governments and civil society on solutions that will make this draft law unnecessary. ” German Justice Minister Heiko Maas disagreed, stating, “This (draft law) sets out binding standards for the way operators of social networks deal with complaints and obliges them to delete criminal content. ” He added, “there should be just as little tolerance for criminal rabble rousing on social networks as on the street. ” If Facebook refuses to comply with the law, the individual deemed responsible for the company in German could receive a personal €5 million fine, while Facebook as an organization could receive a fine of up to €50 million.",0
12901,Comment on Collusion Between Facebook and Hillary’s Campaign Revealed in Clinton Emails by mad-aussie,"Posted on October 29, 2016 by Michael DePinto 
Who would have thought right? Hillary’s campaign establishing what appears to be some very close ties with the largest social media company ( Facebook ) on the Internet, right in the midst of her presidential campaign? It’s not enough that Hillary has Google hiding various stories from Clinton search queries, but it looks like she had to go and get Facebook on board to help her cheat as well. But should Trump supporters take any issue with that? 
Sure, there’s been issues in the past with Facebook banning conservatives for merely looking at their monitors the wrong way, but all that changed this week right? If you recall, earlier this week we learned that despite donating huge amounts of money to Hillary’s campaign, allegedly Mark Zuckerberg betrayed Hillary Clinton, and actually jumped on board the Trump Train … or is there more to this? In the video below I dig a bit deeper into both these stories… 
Emails Show Connection Between Facebook Executive, Clinton Campaign 
… kept the interactions with Clinton private … 
A new WikiLeaks email dump shows Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg eager and willing to be involved in helping Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s campaign. 
Sandberg’s role in helping the research-driven Clinton campaign was revealed in a WikiLeaks email from Clinton aide Cheryl Mills. 
“I have arranged for Sheryl Sandberg and her researcher to be available on 5 March at 10 am to step through the research on gender and leadership by women,” Mills wrote in a February 2015 email. 
Two months after that meeting, Sandberg offered to do more for the campaign in response to an email from campaign chairman John Podesta expressing sympathy for the death of her husband. 
“I still want HRC to win badly ,” Sandberg wrote in May 2015. “I am still here to help as I can. She came over and was magical with my kids.” 
Facebook has said that Sandberg was acting in a private capacity in sharing research with the Clinton campaign. Sandberg kept the interactions with Clinton private, and did not formally, publicly endorse Clinton until early 2016. 
However, she kept in touch with the campaign. In August 2015, she emailed Podesta offering to put him in touch with Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg , a staunch opponent of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . 
“Mark is meeting with people to learn more about next steps for his philanthropy and social action and it’s hard to imagine someone better placed or more experienced than you to help him,” she wrote. 
“He’s begun to think about whether/how he might want to shape advocacy efforts to support his philanthropic priorities and is particularly interested in meeting people who could help him understand how to move the needle on the specific public policy issues he cares most about,” she added. 
“He wants to meet folks who can inform his understanding about effective political operations to advance public policy goals on social oriented objectives (like immigration, education or basic scientific research),” she wrote. 
The WikiLeaks emails from Podesta’s account imply a meeting was arranged later that month. 
SOCIAL MEDIA GIANTS ARE ACTUALLY GOVERNMENT CREATIONS: 
If you doubt that the CIA made Google, and Google made the NSA, but you don’t read the following: save your worthless drivel for someone who cares. If you don’t have the facts presented, how can you presume to dispute then? Conversely, if you dispute the facts presented with evidence stacked higher than Mt. Everest, by all means… let’s hear it, but support your opinions with FACTS, not platitudes.",0
12902,Texas Radio Station Bans Madonna After Anti-Trump Speech,"Texas radio station HITS 105 has vowed never to play Madonna’s music again following her   speech Saturday at the Women’s March on Washington, in which she said she had often thought about “blowing up the White House. ”[‘Texarkana’s Classic Hits station  —   HITS 105 is taking all Madonna songs off the air in the station’s local programming indefinitely following the singer’s comments over the weekend,” the radio station said in a statement posted to its Facebook page.  HITS 105 general manager Terry Thomas said “banning all Madonna songs at HITS 105 is not a matter of politics, it’s a matter of patriotism. ” Madonna headlined the   demonstration in Washington D. C. over the weekend and delivered an incendiary speech from the stage. “Yes, I’m angry. Yes, I’m outraged. Yes, I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House, but I know that this won’t change anything,” Madonna said. Thomas says it’s inappropriate to play the Material Girl’s music after hearing her “  sentiments. ” “It just feels wrong to us to be playing Madonna songs and paying her royalties when the artist has shown   sentiments,” Thomas said. “If all stations playing Madonna took their lead from us, that would send a powerful economic message to Madonna. ” Madonna defended her comments, saying they were taken “wildly out of context. ” Nevertheless, the U. S. Secret Service has reportedly opened an investigation into the  ’s comments.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
12903,MH17 UKRAINE PLANE CRASH: ADDITIONAL DETAILS REVEALED (+EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS FROM THE SCENE),"#DONBASS Editor's choice 25.11.2016 - 374 views 5 ( 2 votes) MH17 Ukraine Plane Crash: Additional Details Revealed (+Exclusive Photos from the Scene) 5 out of 5 based on 2 ratings. 2 user reviews. MH17 Ukraine Plane Crash: Additional Details Revealed (+Exclusive Photos from the Scene) Donate 
SouthFront received this text in Russian via email. It reveals additional details about the MH17 shot down in Ukraine in 2014. SouthFront Team decided to translate it into English and publish at our website so that our readers acquire a more complete picture of events that took place on the ground directly after the incident. Photos below have never been pulished online until now. 
The text below is recorded by Aleksandr Netyosov . He’s a member of the Union of Journalists of Russia, chief department editor of the Military Herald of the South of Russia newspaper, author of dozens of military history publications, and a native of Donetsk. 
The events from more than two years ago, concerning the MH17 Boeing 77 that crashed on the territory of former Ukraine (currently the Donetsk People’s Republic) are now part of history. An investigation team from the Netherlands working on this case which has promised to publish the results of its investigation in October in the end made general statements in which, contrary to facts, the law enforcement from the “land of tulips” placed the responsibility for this crime on the Donbass militia and Russia. The author of this essay personally learned that the accusation is baseless when he spent a vacation in his home region, in the capital of the coal country, and now the capital of the DPR, the lovely city of Donetsk. 
My schoolmates who now occupy high DPR posts and who know about my journalism career, arranged for me to meet interesting people who, by dint of their service at the time, were the first to arrive at the Boeing crash and to carry out an inspection of the crash site which is necessary in such cases. I spent several days with Donetsk law enforcement who fulfilled their duties to the last, in spite of the fact that Ukraine all but abandoned its responsibilities and tried to use a variety of administrative and psychological measures to first delay the investigation and then to stop it altogether. This is a very telling indication of who was the beneficiary of all the noise concerning the “Russian trail” in the MH17 tragedy that unfolded on July 17, 2014 in the skies above the villages of Grabovo and Rassypnoye, in the Shakhtyorsk district of the Donetsk Region of Ukraine. 
The internal political situation at the time appeared confused and even odd. The civil war on the Donbass was escalating, the first blood was already spilled, but in Donetsk Ukraine’s law enforcement on the Donbass were still peacefully coexisting with the DPR which was making its baby steps. Until a bolt from the blue, in a very literal sense, which divided the professional lives of fellow servicemen from local law enforcement into a “before” and “after”. Unfortunately, the work of Donetsk investigators who spent two days on the Boeing 777 crash site were not used by anybody. Which means this is the first attempt to bring their words and deeds to the attention of broad range of readers in order to cast light on events that took place more than two years ago. 
Please get acquainted: Senior Justice Councillor Aleksandr Vasilyevich Gavrilyako, DPR Prosecutor General Office’s department head, a high-grade professional with 32.5 years of flawless service under his belt, against whom the post-Maidan leaders of “sovereign Ukraine” launched a criminal charges for maintaining his professional integrity in a new political reality. During that time, Colonel of the Police Gavrilyakko was the head of the investigative department of the Makeevka Regional Office of Internal Affairs, and was considered one of the top investigative department heads in the entire Ukraine MVD. Here’s what he said: 
– I learned of the Malaysian Boeing crash from TV news. I caught myself thinking that it might be good to inspect the site. When I was about to leave for duty, I got a phone call. It was from Aleksandr Vasilyevich Mostovoy, DPR’s Internal Security Service head, who suggested that I take a group of investigators to conduct a site inspection. I asked him: why was I chosen? To which he responded that I was recommended as the best specialist. So I had to reply that as an active-duty Ukraine MVD officer, I can’t make that decision on my own, I need sanction from higher authorities. 
– Upon arriving at work, I received a directive from the director of the Main Directorate of Internal Affairs of the Donetsk Region MVD, Major General Pozhidayev, to assemble an investigative team and take it to the crash site. This directive was confirmed by Col. Goncharov, the head of the Investigative Directorate of the Donetsk Region Internal Affairs Directorate, whom I called shortly after receiving the directive to remind him that the site is outside of my official jurisdiction. “The locals will help you”, he encouraged. And I was permitted to assemble a team of whoever I chose, which included two people from each of the five Makeevka regional departments. Which made a total of 10, plus me and two investigators from Makeevka City Internal Affairs Directorate. I asked my higher-ups for expert support and received it. 
Our group worked with four experts, including Bogdan Olegovich Maklakov and the head of the Donetsk Regional Medical Forensics Bureau, Dmitriy Anatolyevich Kalashnikov. 
On the morning of July 18, we were met by DPR Prosecutor General office representatives with two cars to take us to the site. Although at that time Ukraine prosecutor’s office still function and DPR MVD entities were not yet formed. While in transit, I got a call from Col. Goncharov who wanted to learn where we were? “Where are you?” he asked insistently. I, naturally, told him about the route we were taking, together with DPR colleagues, toward Rassypnoye and Grabovo to the crash site, where Ukraine’s Emercom was already beginning to function. Goncharov then categorically ordered me to return, citing orders he received from Ukraine MVD not to inspect the crash site. Naturally, I refused, since I was in a vehicle that belonged to DPR colleagues. They even made a bit of fun at me, proposing I jump off from a moving vehicle. 
I have to add that at that time there was an ongoing cadre reshuffle, with the regional MVD leadership in toto moving to Mariupol, with their direct subordinates, the law enforcement officers in Donetsk and Makeevka, continued to work as before. There was no sense of division into us and them, though there was some alienation in interpersonal relations. Upon arriving at the site, we were greeted by Emercom and local self-government who already had a basic idea of what happened. It turned out that the main wreckage mass, including the tail section, engines, wings, and most of the corpses were on the outskirts of Grabovo. They were scattered all over the field. 
But we, upon the request of local authorities, started with inspecting Rassypnoye and its surroundings where, according to the reports from inhabitants, there were corpses in the back yards and even on the streets. The cabin with remains of the crew was also found there. Therefore we quickly started to investigate in the village, and the surrounding fields only later. Even as we were resolving all manner of questions, including organizational ones, it was almost evening. Therefore I decided that, given the huge volume of work, to inspect corpses, of which there were 36 in the village, note where they were found, and enter them into protocol. I was taking into consideration the heat, the pouring rains, and the livestock, all of which were threatening to nullify our efforts. Moreover, I earlier discussed with Col. Goncharov and Col. Miroshnichenko, the head of Makeevka UVD, who ordered me to go to the crash site, various technical aspects of working on the site. 
In particular, this concerned obtaining a truck with a crane, a refrigerator for corpses, and a hangar to store aircraft remains so that they could be subsequently laid out. Particularly since we already knew what caused the crash, which meant a more thorough inspection of crash site in order to locate killing elements which could be inside the bodies of the passengers, the fuselage skin, or the topsoil, and to find traces of the explosives. In order to identify the munition which brought down the Boeing. 
We already had the sad experience of similar type of work, when we investigated crash sites of several airliners in the Donetsk Region though, to be sure, we experienced no outside interference in those cases. The most recent such crash took place in 2006, when a Tu-154 with 176 passengers flying from Anapa to St. Petersburg went down. Therefore the initial crash site inspection is crucial to any such investigation, because it contains all the clues to reconstructing the tragedy. 
The regional center assigned us a facility on the territory of a vehicle park in their jurisdiction, complete with vehicles and a crane. So we began inspecting the site. What we saw shocked us. In one house, a female corpse broke through the roof and was stuck in the ceiling tiles, though one leg broke off and landed directly on a bed. On another property, six sets of passenger remains landed on garden vegetables. The shattered pilot cabin crashed just outside the village. The remains of the crew were scattered nearby, and we recognized them by the remnants of their uniforms. Having placed our investigators throughout the site, I called Col. Goncharov. He did not even want to listen to me, demanding that I explain why I disobeyed his order to turn around and not to investigate the site. In response, I said literally the following: first of all, the group was traveling on a vehicle belonging to DPR Prosecutor’s Office, secondly, how could I have done that in the presence of armed people, and moreover the inspection had already begun. 
Then he demanded that I sabotage the investigation in any way possible and create delays. Naturally, I asked him why the confusion. One minute I’m ordered to go, and now I’m to return. So he explained that orders came from Kiev not to inspect anything, because the SBU will look into it. But he did allow me to carry away the 36 corpses found in Rassypnoye. 
Naturally, we haven’t seen any SBU people, ever, because they left Donetsk already in May. We, of course, packed up the found and labeled human remains and sent them to the morgue at the Kalinin regional clinic. At the last minute, we were brought the corpse of a child found somewhere in Grabovo. We sent it to the morgue with the others. Our activities were curtailed by that very same Goncharov who first approved of us visiting the site, and then categorically forbade to inspect it. Then everything became clear to me. If Ukraine were interested in investigating this case in which, according to the official Kiev version, both local militia and Russia were implicated, nobody would have held us up. Rather to the contrary, they’d be asking us to leave no stone unturned to find every last piece of evidence, monitoring my every move confident in my thoroughness and professional ability. We arrived at the local Emercom HQ, located in Grabovo, close to the evening. Naturally, I told DPR Prosecutor’s Office about orders from higher up, but I responded in the affirmative to their question whether I’d continue, believing that the innocent victims of this tragedy ought to be collected and inspected, otherwise who would do it otherwise. After that, we departed. On Saturday morning of July 19, we returned to the site as if nothing had happened yesterday. While traveling, I once again got a call from Goncharov who wanted to know where I was, and then we engaged in verbal sparring. I told him point blank: fields are littered with corpses of innocent people, we can’t just leave them, which we’d do had we obeyed Kiev’s orders. “In that case, Aleksandr Vasilyevich, you have made your choice,” he replied and ended the conversation. I never heard his voice again. 
Our first find that day was part of fuselage skin, in which some penetrating objects left punctures, with edges bent inward. This suggested the penetrations were made from the outside. Upon our arrival in Rassypnoye, we continued inspecting the site, though we were immediately warned not to wander into the woodline unless necessary. Because of tripwire mines placed there by both warring parties. At that time, volunteers from among the miners came up to help, so that we could cover as much of the site as possible. It was then that 20 corpses were found in a wheatfield on the edge of Grabovo. But, as a rule, the corpses were scattered: one here, another or a few somewhere else. 
It was then that members of the OSCE mission, accompanied by Berkut troops and the deputy director of Donetsk Region MVD, Colonel Aleksey Aleksandrovich Dikiy, arrived. 
I turned to Dikiy for help, because I did not have enough people to do everything necessary: inspecting, extracting, packaging and, most importantly, recording all these actions in the protocol. He connected me to Gen. Pozhidayev, who initially was surprised by my presence there contrary to orders. He silently listened to my arguments about Christian and human duties, but was curious to know where we were sending the bodies, and directed to send them to Kharkov instead of Donetsk. But he did not explain how to do that, given the ongoing fighting, particularly since cannon fire was drawing closer. After he learned of DPR officials’ presence, he hung up. But in any event a group of investigators from Shakhtyorsk, 4 total, came to help me. 
In a command tent I was shown an announcement on some Ukrainian site which stated that local Emercom workers and the Donetsk investigative group went over to the separatists, helping them hide the corpses. Nevertheless, all the remains found on July 19 were properly inspected, in accordance with all the relevant procedures, and sent to Kharkov. Subsequently we suspended our work on the insistence of our security force, because gunfire was clearly approaching our location. After that we went home, but ended up in Rassypnoye. In order to question the witnesses of Boeing’s crash among the local inhabitants who were quite happy to see us. 
But it is the actions of the Ukrainian side that give reasons to wonder. First they approved the inspection, then forbade it. If the militias were involved in that, the situation would have looked very different. It’s no coincidence that two days later all law enforcement officials received orders, of which I did not know, to take back roads to Slavyansk. The majority obeyed, but some, mainly those born on the Donbass, stayed. 
The conclusion practically asks to be drawn, in accordance with the ancient “cui bono?” maxim. If one looks at who the beneficiary was, then it makes no sense for Russia to have instigated the shoot-down. Given the international situation, it drew no benefit from it. Rather to the contrary, the Russian side was the most interested one in a transparent investigation. But it was labeled the guilty party already on the next day by the Western media. There is likewise little to point at the militia. There are all kinds of people among them, certainly. But downing a Boeing—pardon me, that’s a whole different ball game. Because they would have been labeled terrorists on the international level. Shooting down a plane flying at an altitude of 10km is beyond their ability even now, let alone two years ago when some of them were carrying hunting shotguns. Promoting hysteria aimed at Russia was very telling in itself. As usual, the guilty party usually yells “stop thief!” the loudest. But the whole story was very convenient for Ukraine and its sponsors. The Americans have long mastered similar provocations. Black rectangles were added to hide the graphic content 
I can’t even call the Dutch specialists, who picked up where we left off, proper investigators. To be honest, they picked all manner of rejects for this important task. It may be they were in law enforcement of some sort. But they are no specialists. I came to that conclusion for one simple reason. After their departure from the crash site, they left behind a lot that would have drawn attention of professional investigators. In such cases, not only the wreckage and corpses are transported away, but also a layer of topsoil underneath. The Dutch did not hing of the kind, having collected only big pieces and leaving the rest behind. They did not even ask anyone for help, considering the large territory on which the wreckage was scattered. Therefore the site inspection was done in an unprofessional manner by the Dutch. After their visit, the locals kept finding pieces from the plane.” 
The next direct participant of the investigation is the director of the DPR Medical Forensics Bureau, Dmitriy Anatolyevich Kalashnikov. At the time, he led the same bureau, though at the time it was the Donetsk Regional Bureau. Some 27 departments scattered all over the region answered to him. Now there are only 13 left in DPR, the rest are on the territory controlled by Ukraine. Here’s what he said: 
“I received the news of the crash on the evening of the same day from a worker at a local office, who lived in Rassypnoye. She saw everything with her own eyes. It’s then that I started to get ready to go to the site. I had some experience with such work, when a Tu-154 crashed in our region in 2006. Moreover, I had to deal with the victims of major accidents in coal mines. At times, there were 30-40, or even 80 corpses to examine. 
We worked around the clock, without breaks, due to the ongoing fighting. It took about a day and a half before a decision was made and coordinated with other agencies. The weather at that time was very humid: heat interspersed with showers, which also played its role. On the site, I worked jointly with criminal investigators. I didn’t think it necessary to bring along my subordinates, who were busy themselves, therefore I went alone. I expressed my view at the Emercom field HQ on how I viewed my responsibilities. In order to thoroughly record all the finds, I proposed to divide the area of the crash into squares. For example, one spot with burn spots had dimensions of 200 by 200 meters. Quite a large area. 
Another such spot was near Rassypnoye, where the crew cabin was. We decided to go there first, record the location of everything, and start describing the corpses. Because the corpses were scattered among the village houses. These are old buildings, and human remains falling from great height literally broke through roofs. I numbered every square and labeled all the pieces of evidence, corpses, fragments, personal effects, naturally with coordinates. Human remains were described in a most detailed fashion, including such details as tattoos, jewelry, and other important visible characteristics. 
Most of the corpses were found naked. It later led to the speculation that the Boeing was loaded with dead corpses. In actuality, the corpses fell from great height, and the air resistance stripped clothing off them, except for tight articles. For example, shorts, underwear, and watches. That’s why we found them that way. Practically without any visible injuries—few external injuries and heavy internal ones. It was a sign that the fall came from a great height, when the plane broke apart. I won’t affirm whether the plane was downed by an external or internal action, but everything suggests it broke up in midair. If one examines, by comparison, the crash of the Russian airliner, it fell like a leaf following engine failure. Which is why its crash site could fit in a single photo. The Tupolev’s remains were all togehter and the corpses of 176 passengers were inside the cabin. But here everything was scattered over a big territory, which immediately prompted me to say the explosion took place at great height. During the inspection, as I went from one spot to another, I was told the crew remains were discovered. They were near Rassypnoye, together with pilot cabin wreckage which confirmed by theory it was an explosion (internal or external) at great height while the plane was over this village, causing the separation of pilots’ cabin from the rest of the plane. That’s why I believe the blow happened near the cabin, which led to the further disintegration of the plane whose fragments were so widely scattered. At first I was surprised by the sheer amount of seemingly unrelated personal belongings from passenger baggage. And also by one corpse that clearly was not a member of the crew. But everything became clear after I studied the Boeing 777 design on the internet, and realized that the baggage compartment begins right under the pilots’ cabin. 
Characteristically, one of the pilots was tightly buckled into his seat. Which means he was not running around the cabin at the time of the explosion but was behind the controls. Several other crew bodies were next to him. We identified them by the remains of the uniforms still on their bodies. We discovered 37 corpses in Rassypnoye, all of which were sent to the Donetsk morgue. Out of that total, we inspected 27 sets of remains, before receiving an order to send all remains to the Kharkov morgue in a specially assigned refrigerator. I was leaving body inspection for later. Now I regret doing that. Because we would have definitely found pieces of shrapnel and all manner of other things that could have shed light on this tragedy. But who would have believed us then, or now for that matter. They would have said we planted the evidence. 
Incidentally, nobody has said anything about evaluation of human remains in Netherlands. Apparently they have something to hide . But I can show photographs which clearly show penetrating punctures in the corpse of the crew member who was strapped into his seat. His uniform shirt looks like a sieve. Two months later we were visited by an international commission, 6 people total, interested in that question, which contained Dutch and Canadian specialists, and I don’t know who else. We provided them with all the collected materials and photographs. We don’t understand why they are keeping quiet about it. Perhaps they contain evidence that’s inconvenient for the West. Even though we did not dissect the corpses for ethical reasons (most of the passengers were Muslim) as well as political ones (because they were foreigners), instead we performed an external inspection to ascertain external injuries. We had no right to act as we pleased. We were waiting. For someone from a diplomatic post, but nobody ever showed up. 
Dutch specialists appeared only a week after the crash, when all the corpses were in Kharkov. Morgues in Europe, including Netherlands, are much better equipped than ours. With the aid of x-ray machines, they could have easily discovered the multiple fractures or the metallic shrapnel inside human remains or inside airliner parts. But since the Dutch have so far not shown anything of the sort to the rest of the world, it seems that they have something to hide. Moreover, we took samples from all the corpses for future DNA analysis. The Dutch categorically refused to take them along, and I barely managed to force them to take them. I also insisted on a formal transfer of the remains. They did not want to sign any official papers.” 
The general picture of the July 17, 2014 tragedy is completed by the words of the members of the investigative team headed by Col. Gavrilyako. They are now law enforcement officials at DPR. They are Evgeniy Anatolyevich Bazilskiy, Andrey Yuryevich Mozgunov, and Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Murvyov, currently still serving with Col. Gavrilyako, and Bogdan Olegovich Maklakov, currently the deputy director of the Criminology Scientific Research Center at the Main Directorate of Internal Affairs of Donetsk Region. 
They said they divided themselves into pairs and began to inspect the site with the help of the locals. They were following the routine procedure of entering everything into a protocol, including the human remains and aircraft fragments. It was a sad sight, many corpses looked terrible, but they were “fresh.” They began to smell the next day. On the first day, the Makeevka investigators were exclusively describing the found corpses. Punctures were found in the wing found at a farm near Grabovo, which looked like entry holes from shrapnel. Returning from a second working day, the investigators talked to the eyewitnesses in Rassypnoye. Here’s what they said into the protocol. First of all, they heard multiple aircraft. In one of the houses, its owners, husband and wife, said that they saw a Ukrainian fighter fall down, nose up, behind a forest on Ukraine-controlled territory. They even watched two pilots descend by parachute. 
Similar testimony was given by another inhabitant of Rassypnoye, a former soldier, who was even offended when he was being checked using leading questions. He even observed the explosion at the fighter’s crash site. Though he couldn’t confirm it, because the whole woodline was full of tripwire mines. But here’s the most important thing: several witnesses heard the sound coming from another plane which circled for some time above the crash site of its colleague, then flew toward Debaltsevo. It couldn’t be seen due to the low clouds. But it could be heard. This testimony was, naturally, entered into the protocol. And they are kept in DPR Prosecutor’s Office archives. So the mystery of the Malaysian Boeing’s death on July 17, 2014, is still awaiting its day. Without any doubt, the facts discovered and recorded by the experts listed above, all of whom are acknowledged professionals, and whom Ukraine hastened to call traitors due to their honesty in discharging their professional duties, will play an important role. 
More photos from the scene:",0
12904,"Angel Messages For November 7-13, 2016 [Video]","Leave a reply 
Doreen Virtue – It’s a powerful and intense week with the Angel Numbers 11-11 which is a sign of instant manifestation, and the upcoming election and impending Super-Super Full Moon of November 14. 
You will be in touch with your God-given spiritual power of being a healer and a positive role model for those who are stressed. Yet, you’ll also need to take time for yourself – ideally a quiet retreat (even for a few moments each day). 
You may feel the effects of the upcoming powerful full moon, with sleep issues, sensitivity, or mood swings. Avoid anyone or anything that trigger you. 
To learn more about Angel Numbers, please visit our free page for an Angel Numbers reading: http://www.angeltherapy.com/angel-num… 
From the Magical Messages from the Fairies Oracle Cards at http://bit.ly/Fairycards 

SF Source Doreen Virtue  ",0
12905,5 Ways to Be a Better Tourist - The New York Times,"American tourists are numerous, relatively affluent and culturally distinct enough that tour guides in other lands often receive special training to know how best to accommodate them. But the guide trainers say there are some basic ways that Americans can be better guests when taking tours abroad. Generally, that means being open to new experiences and asking more questions about the culture you’re visiting rather than talking about your own. There are specific steps, too. Learn a few of the most common words or phrases. “Hello,” “excuse me,” “thank you” and “goodbye” are common courtesies that you should learn and use in the local language. Even if you mispronounce the words, it’s the gesture that counts. Watch your body language. Customs vary widely, but how and whether you point or beckon can potentially offend, and in the Muslim world the left hand is reserved for bathroom hygiene. Some societies keep eyes downcast as a sign of respect, especially with elders, making an American’s direct gaze feel awkward to tour guides. Do your homework ahead of time about such things before visiting a country or culturally distinct region for the first time. Dress appropriately for the society or site you are visiting. If you are unsure, do a little research beforehand, taking cues from the way the locals dress. In many places, women would do well to carry a large scarf to cover the head or shoulders, if necessary  —   particularly in sites of religious significance. Be a considerate photographer. Don’t monopolize the best vantage points, or cause the tour to fall behind schedule as you play Ansel Adams. And limit use of selfie sticks, which can be particularly annoying. Leave a “little something. ” Even in countries where tipping is not part of the culture, it is widely known that Americans do tip. To not do so could be perceived as a specific slight. And many workers, especially in   areas, count on it.",0
12906,"Social Media Blackout? FBI Emails Are Not ‘Trending’ On Twitter, Facebook, Buzzfeed, Or Snapchat","Buzzfeed…“Trending Now” 
* * * 
As Liberty Blitzkrieg’s Mike Krieger recently asked (and answered) , why are these things happening in the first place? 
Apple claims not to endorse candidates, but their actions suggest otherwise, and some of their executives – including CEO Tim Cook – actively support Clinton’s campaign. Buzzfeed recently obtained an invitation to a private $50,000-per-plate fundraiser Cook is hosting for Clinton with his Apple colleague, Lisa Jackson, at the end of this month. 

Apple isn’t the only corporation doing Clinton’s bidding. Wikileaks founder Julian Assange said Clinton made a deal with Google and that the tech giant is “directly engaged” in her campaign. It’s been widely reported Clinton hired Eric Schmidt —chairman of Alphabet, the parent company of Google—to set up a tech company called The Groundwork. Assange claims this was to ensure Clinton had the “engineering talent to win the election.” He also pointed out that many members of Clinton’s staff have worked for Google, and some of her former employees now work at Google. 
Of course, I covered Groundwork earlier this year. See: Meet “Groundwork” – Google Chairman Eric Schmidt’s Stealth Startup Working to Make Hillary Clinton President 
Twitter is another culprit. The company has gotten a lot of slack for banning conservatives and Trump supporters such as Breitbart’s Milo Yiannopoulos and, most recently, rapper Azealia Banks after she came out in support of Trump. Twitter has provided vague answers as to why conservative voices have been banned while they’ve allowed other users to call for the killing of cops. 

Just yesterday, Buzzfeed revealed that the social media giant’s top executive personally protected the President from seeing critical messages last year. “In 2015, then-Twitter CEO Dick Costolo secretly ordered employees to filter out abusive and hateful replies to President Barack Obama.” 

The founders of some of the most popular pro-Trump Twitter handles – including @USAforTrump2016 and @WeNeedTrump—insist Twitter is censoring their content. They’ve pointed out that Twitter changes trending hashtags associated with negative tweets about Clinton (which has been reported before ). On August 4, shortly after the hashtag “HillaryAccomplishment” began trending, it was taken over by anti-Clinton users, who used it to mention Benghazi or Emailgate. Eric Spracklen, @USAforTrump2016 founder, noticed the hashtag was quickly changed—pluralized to #HillarysAccomplishments. 
Many people have pointed out the exact shenanigans described above for other Clinton-related hashtags. In fact, it’s been my self-described progressive friends who have been most up in arms about it. 
“They take away the hashtag that has negative tweets for Clinton and replace it with something that doesn’t so the average person doesn’t see what was really trending,” Spracklen said. “This happens every day.” 

This new strand, where one cannot even search for alternative viewpoints amid technology companies who stand to benefit from the free-trade policies and eased immigration regulations of a Clinton presidence, represents a dangerous sea change. There’s absolutely no question the digital forums we use every day are censoring conservatives and favoring Clinton. You can’t simply scroll through photos on Instagram, look for a video game in the App Store or do a quick Google search without being fed anti-Trump and pro-Clinton propaganda. 
Personally, I’ve definitely noticed a big-time pro-Clinton bias in my Twitter stream on a daily basis, and I don’t follow people/organizations that would define themselves as overtly pro-Clinton. That’s my honest perception, and I don’t have a dog in this fight. 
* * *",0
12907,"Lit’s Dynamic Duo, Will and Jane, Shared Path to Pop Stardom - The New York Times","THERE’S something about pop culture that loves a coupling. Kim and Kanye. Brad and Angelina. Bill and Hillary. Batman and Robin. An exhibition at the Folger Shakespeare Library in Washington is adding a twist to the formula, and contemplating the enduring star power of another dynamic duo: Will and Jane. That’s Jane Austen, you rattlepate. True, she and William Shakespeare never met in person (outside the kinkier reaches of fan fiction, that is). But their parallel cultural afterlives illuminate the process by which some great authors are transformed into icons, beloved almost as much for their imagined personalities and our feelings of intimacy with them as for anything they wrote. That, at least, is the argument made by “Will  Jane: Shakespeare, Austen, and the Cult of Celebrity,” a cheeky assemblage of the sometimes exuberantly goofy material objects that centuries of fandom have left behind. The show, which opens on Saturday, is the first Folger exhibition to pair Shakespeare with another writer, and the first to dig deep into some of the odder artifacts  —   antique bellows carved with Will’s face, anyone?  —   in its vaults, which are better known for treasures like 82 First Folios. They are shown alongside Austenalia sourced from all over, ranging from personal objects on loan from Jane Austen’s House Museum in Chawton, England, to modern tchotchkes more redolent of eBay.   Shakespeareans may blanch at seeing Will and Jane bobbleheads on the exhibition poster  —   to say nothing of the prospect of   Janeites flocking to the Folger’s hushed   halls to swoon over the shirt worn (wet) by Colin Firth in his indelible turn as Mr. Darcy in the 1995 BBC adaptation of “Pride and Prejudice. ” But the global   sparked by that production, the show argues, has a striking parallel in the wave of Bardolatry kicked off by the 1769 Shakespeare Jubilee, which created Shakespeare as a symbol of Englishness, and inspired its share of souvenir mugs and other kitschy tributes. “Shakespeare was almost a kind of cheesy   phenomenon in the 18th century,” said Janine Barchas, an Austen expert at the University of Texas who curated the show with Kristina Straub, a Shakespeare scholar at Carnegie Mellon University. “When you look at how his reputation was formed, and then grew,” she continued, “it’s very similar to what we’re seeing with Austen now, and the way that pop culture creates a foundation for high culture. ” The   cookie cutters in one display case may lack a patina of age. But they are not, Ms. Straub added, inherently more absurd or less   than an   mug bearing Shakespeare’s portrait  —   or, for that matter, a bundle of   wood gathered at Shakespeare’s Birthplace in    reputed to be remnants of a chair he may have sat on. “At the end of the day, they’re just sticks,” Ms. Straub said. “But they’re also being treasured in a vault, taking up valuable real estate. It should make you laugh, but it also tells you something about the nature of celebrity that you need to take seriously. ” The exhibition was born out of a rather unserious conversation four years ago over a breakfast burrito. Michael Witmore, the Folger’s director, was in Austin, Tex. for a conference, and caught up with Ms. Barchas, who teased him about the fact that “my author is really giving your author a run for his money,” as she recalled it. After a rambling debate they hit,   on a loose concept. “What if these two people were lovable roommates, like Will  Grace, or Laverne  Shirley?” Witmore recalled. “It really just started with the title. There was absolutely no scholarly thinking. ” The resulting show, which arrives during the 400th anniversary of Shakespeare’s death and a year ahead of the 200th anniversary of Austen’s, mixes deep scholarship with serious whimsy. It does not tell a linear story but instead groups its artifacts thematically, taking care to keep the two writers alongside each other. Even beyond sheer literary genius, the curators argue, Shakespeare and Austen have a lot in common  —   starting with their scantily recorded intimate lives, which leave tantalizing holes to fill. One display tracks the way devotees of both authors, who were captured in only a handful of portraits, improved their images. (The likeness of Austen that will appear next year on the British   note is based on a Victorian portrait commissioned by the family in 1869, more than 50 years after Austen’s death, to prettify a casual sketch made by her sister, Cassandra.) Fans have also tended to prettify their love lives with embellished or invented romances, whether a forged love letter from Shakespeare to his wife, Anne Hathaway, that was created in the 1790s, or films like “Shakespeare in Love” or “Becoming Jane,” which depicts Austen’s falling in doomed love with a penniless lawyer, only to end up pursuing the lonely creative life. The show also examines how both authors’ names have been used in marketing, whether on a signboard for the Shakespeare’s Head tavern, from the   or   century, or an empty shoe box from a 1970s line of women’s footwear named, for obscure reasons, Jane Austen. “That one sort of broke my heart,” Ms. Straub said of the box, among several items on loan from Goucher College, a major American repository of Austenalia. “It’s just a plain cardboard shoe box. ” “The Shirt,” as the label calls Mr. Firth’s chemise, may appear just to be a shirt. But the announcement in March that the Folger had secured it drew palpitating headlines around the world. (A satirical “tour rider” published in The New Yorker spelled out the   garment’s contractual demands, including: “Selfies with THE SHIRT shall only be granted to persons who read actual works by Jane Austen, not just books about people who enjoy Austen books. ”) The Shirt is displayed near a series of homages, like a photographic   featuring Benedict Cumberbatch, and as a parallel Shakespearean example, a series of   porcelains showing famous actors as Richard III. Repetition “is a powerful reinforcing mechanism of celebrity,” a display text explains. “The cultural value of an image increases the more it is copied. ” Literary celebrity is also reinforced by brushes with other forms of fame. Consider the case of Austen’s turquoise ring, which became a cause célèbre after the American singer Kelly Clarkson bought it at auction, prompting the British culture minister to declare it a national treasure that could not be exported. Jane Austen’s House Museum, which now owns the ring, declined to lend it to the Folger, forcing the exhibition to make do with a gold copy. But it did send a collection of domestic objects discovered under the house’s floorboards, including a nail and a clay pipe. It also sent a framed lock of Austen’s hair, now displayed alongside a single strand of auburn hair attributed to Shakespeare, which first surfaced for sale in the early 19th century. “We didn’t’ have it ” Ms. Barchas said jokingly. “We didn’t want to dispel the myth. ” The show doesn’t entirely neglect more traditional literary artifacts. There are Shakespeare and Austen volumes owned by famous people, like James Joyce’s   copy of “As You Like It” and the actor Stephen Fry’s student paperback of “Mansfield Park,” complete with “strange annotations, circa 1977,” as an inscription explains. A display called “The End?” looks at the way some admirers seek total communion, even in death. The curators quote a letter from the director of Jane Austen’s House Museum, who in 2008 implored Janeites not to direct their heirs to scatter their ashes on the grounds. “It is distressing for visitors,” she noted, “to see mounds of human ash. ” But the Folger itself is a mausoleum. As the show notes, the ashes of Henry Clay Folger and Emily Folger, the library’s founders, are interred in the nearby reading room behind a plaque paying tribute to “the glory of William Shakespeare and the greater glory of God. ” “With that kind of idolatry, your first instinct may be to snicker,” Ms. Barchas said. “But then you have to stop and think seriously about what it is that you yourself love about literature. ”",0
12908,Hillary: I’m ’Part of the Resistance’ - Breitbart,"Hillary Clinton: “I’m now back to being an activist citizen, and part of the resistance. ” https:  .  https:  .  During an interview with CNN’s Christiane Amanpour on Tuesday, former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said, “I’m now back to being an activist citizen, and part of the resistance. ”  Hillary said, “I can’t be anything other than who I am, and I’ve spent decades learning about what it would take to move our country forward, including people who clearly didn’t vote for me. To try to make sure that we dealt with a lot of these hard issues that are right around the corner, like robotics and artificial intelligence, and things that are really going to be upending the economy, for the vast majority of Americans, to say nothing of the rest of the world. So, I’m now back to being an activist citizen, and part of the resistance. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
12909,New York Today: Mourning a Brooklyn Prosecutor - The New York Times,"Updated, 11:04 a. m. Good morning on this    Monday. A collision involving two Long Island Rail Road Trains on Saturday  injured 33 people. There is still limited westbound service and riders should expect delays. Fourteen trains have been canceled. Partial rail service is scheduled to resume in Hoboken, with a portion of the terminal planned to reopen this morning after a crash there last month. Kenneth P. Thompson became Brooklyn’s first black district attorney when he was elected three years ago. His family announced Sunday night that he had died from cancer at age 50, and shocked reactions and condolences came in throughout the evening. “Our courtrooms and our communities have no doubt been dealt a blow with Ken’s passing,” Mayor Bill de Blasio said in a joint statement with his wife, Chirlane McCray, “but I am confident the indelible mark left by his public service will forever be a part of the fabric of our justice system. ” Mr. Thompson, a Democrat, was an advocate for reform and racial justice  —   particularly for minorities  —   as district attorney, and in previous roles as a federal prosecutor and as a private lawyer. He was known for “always doing what he believed was right, not just what was popular,” the New York attorney general, Eric T. Schneiderman, said on Twitter. Mr. Thompson faced tremendous pressure during the prosecution of Peter Liang, a former police officer who was convicted of manslaughter for fatally shooting an unarmed man while on patrol at a Brooklyn housing project. Mr. Thompson had announced last week that he’d be taking sick leave. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and Mr. de Blasio ordered flags to fly at   today. “Ken was a dedicated public servant who embodied the highest principles of the law,” Mr. Cuomo said, “and his grand presence will be sorely missed. ” Here’s what else is happening: An   Columbus Day is in the forecast. It will be sunny and windy with a high of 61, which is 5 degrees cooler than normal. Any shivering on your commute is care of Canada, said Pat Maloit, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service, because the cool winds are arriving from the north. Don’t forget to take a jacket to the parade. • A Brooklyn man is suing the federal government, and the outcome could affect the fate of millions of immigrants nationwide. [New York Times] • Two professions in Staten Island have had a close view of the damage heroin can wreak: florists and undertakers. [New York Times] • The president of City College resigned on Friday over her use of college funds for personal matters. [New York Times] • Here’s what happened at the hostile presidential debate Sunday night. [New York Times] • For the next six days, you can hunt black bears in New Jersey  —   as long as you have a permit. [CBS] • Here are the 50   companies in New York. [Crain’s] • Take a look at the plans for the $70 million Statue of Liberty museum. [The Guardian] • The Brooklyn Children’s Museum is expanding to Brooklyn Bridge Park. [NY1] • Today’s Metropolitan Diary: “A Neighborhood Changes, and People Keep Parking” • Scoreboard: Steelers junk Jets,  . Packers stuff Giants,  . • For a global look at what’s happening, see Your Monday Briefing. • Mr. Cuomo and Mr. de Blasio take part in the Columbus Day Parade, which will move up Fifth Avenue, from 44th to 72nd Street, beginning at 11:30 a. m. [Free] • Boo at the Zoo brings Halloween  —   with costumes, a hay maze, pumpkin carving and more  —   to the Bronx Zoo. Times and prices vary. [Tickets here] • Explore some of the city’s oldest temples on a walking tour beginning at Bialystoker Synagogue on the Lower East Side. 10:45 a. m. [$24, tickets here] • Take the family to make scarecrows at the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx. 1:30 p. m. to 5:30 p. m. [Prices vary] • Alternate between painting and body weight exercises at a   interval painting class at Tompkins Square Park in the East Village. 3:15 p. m. [$40, book here] • Are emojis words? Do you hate mispronunciations and abbreviations? Learn about the word wars around “proper English” at a Secret Science Club lecture, with the linguist John McWhorter, at Symphony Space on the Upper West Side. 8 p. m. [$25] L trains are running with delays. • Subway  and PATH  • Railroads: L. I. R. R.   N. J. Transit, Amtrak • Roads: Check traffic map or radio report on the 1s or the 8s. •   parking: suspended for Columbus Day. • Ferries: Staten Island Ferry, New York Waterway, East River Ferry • Airports: La Guardia, J. F. K. Newark Long before this country held presidential elections  —   and before Christopher Columbus sailed the ocean blue  —   the Lenape tribe lived in what was then called Manahahtaan. Thousands of Native Americans live in the New York area, according to Cliff Matias, the director of the Redhawk Native American Arts Council. Among them: Quechuans in the Bronx and Jackson Heights, Queens Aztecs and Mayans in Sunset Park, Brooklyn and Mohawks in Bay Ridge. Outside the city, Shinnecock and Unkechaug live in communities on Long Island, and Ramapough are in New Jersey, Mr. Matias said. Several of New York’s organizations for indigenous people are gathering on Randalls Island today for the   Indigenous Peoples Celebration. The event is meant not only to honor the survival of indigenous traditions but also to raise awareness about the struggles  —   past and present  —   of those groups. “We use this day to celebrate everything that Christopher Columbus did not represent,” Mr. Matias said. The free event, open to the public, brings together indigenous artists, chiefs, medicine makers and others for performances of music, the spoken word and more. You can also learn about precolonial Manahahtaan and New York’s indigenous heritage at Lenapeway, a free exhibition that opens today at New York University. New York Today is a weekday roundup that stays live from 6 a. m. till late morning. You can receive it via email. For updates throughout the day, like us on Facebook. What would you like to see here to start your day? Post a comment, email us at nytoday@nytimes. com, or reach us via Twitter using #NYToday.  Follow the New York Today columnists, Alexandra Levine and Jonathan Wolfe, on Twitter. You can find the latest New York Today at nytoday. com.",0
12910,Man to be cryogenically preserved until ‘everything stops being shit’,"Friday 18 November 2016 by Neil Tollfree Man to be cryogenically preserved until ‘everything stops being shit’ 
Following a court’s decision to allow the body of a teenager to be cryogenically preserved until her disease can be cured, a man is seeking to be cryogenically preserved until everything is no longer shit. 
“It’s not really about being in ill-health for me,” said Simon Williams. 
“It’s just what with Brexit, Westworld ending, and the continued lack of any quality English tennis players coming through, everything’s a bit rubbish at the moment. 
“So I reckon that having your heartbeat slowed to nothing and being immersed in liquid nitrogen has got to be better than seeing what else 2016 has got to offer. 
“I’m not really bothered when I’m woken up, just make sure it’s when everything stops being shit.” 
With the current situation of deaths of much-loved musicians and actors being interspersed with catastrophic political upheaval, it is expected that many more people may seek to follow Mr William’s lead and just go to sleep until it all gets better. 
“The way things are going,” continued Mr Williams, “I’d imagine we could see a referendum on whether we all go and live in the sea and the death of everyone featured in the Last Waltz before the year’s out. 
“I just don’t want any part of that.” 
Current estimates are that everything will stop being shit sometime in 2092, when the nation will unite behind a robotic Wayne Rooney, Prime Minister and England captain, who leads England to glory in the first ever North Pole World Cup against the hugely favoured Atlantic island of Wales. ",0
12911,"John Podesta: Hillary “Acting Like a Retard – Smells Like Boiled Cabbage, Urine & Farts” A Hoax?","0 comments 
According to ClashDaily , newly leaked email from Hillary Clinton’s Campaign Manager John Podesta is titled “Hillary actions / unpleasant odor.” Many are claiming this is a hoax. Sure sounds like one. 
“People tell me that Hillary is acting ‘like a retard’ since her head injury,” wrote Podesta on March 22, 2015. “Frankly, considering her normal behavior, I’m surprised anyone noticed! (this is a joke!) Have someone talk to her doctor and see if there’s anything he can give her.” 
“Also, I’ve noticed she’s had an ‘odor’ lately,” he continued. “It reminds me of a combination of boiled cabbage, urine and farts. I’m guessing it’s either connected to her fall or simply the fact that she rarely bathes.” 
“Outside of encouraging her to take a shower once in a while, I don’t know what to do about this. — any suggestions would be appreciated.” 
Well, apparently, Hillary Clinton is just as gross as we all thought!",0
12912,You Are Being Programmed to Hate,"Podcast: Play in new window | Download | Embed 
With the world spinning into hatred and violence as the two most hated (s)election candidates of all time tell us to hate one another, one might almost think there is a coordinated effort to drum up outrage. And one would be right! 
SHOW NOTES:",0
12913,How to Survive Being Lost in the Woods: Tips & Tricks that May Save Your life – 11/17/16,"Posted by Devin Peterson on 11/16/2016 to Outdoor Survival Many of us head out into the woods or the wilderness to “lose ourselves” in the beauty of Mother Nature, but this stops being fun and can become horrible if we are unlucky enough to actually get lost while out there. You might not think it can happen to you, but even the best, most experienced hikers get lost. There are loads of things to consider once you realize you are lost and it is helpful to have an action plan in case it ever happens to you. We’ve come up with a list of questions you should ask yourself once you determine you are in fact lost to try and help you take control of the situation. This is a good way to start, but to get a full idea of what you need to know check out this complete guide of how to survive being lost in the woods . 1. Can I get help? 
Once you have admitted to yourself that you are lost one of the first things you want to consider is how you are going to get help. Here’s a few ways that you could do this, some more obvious than others. Check your cell phone - obviously if you have service and can reach either a friend or can call 9/11, this situation is going to be much easier. Stay in the area and yell - you never know who might be in the area or how close to a trail you might be. Stick around in the same spot and shout at the top of your lungs for help. If someone is in the area, they’ll come find you. Make a fire - if you are in an area where it might be hard to find you, try to make a small fire using heavier, smokier woods. This could alert someone to your presence and could direct anyone looking for you to where you are. 2. What time is it? 
Now that you have tried a few things to try and get help, you need to assess the situation and the time of day that it is will play a huge role in what you decide to do next. Depending on what your clock says you can: Begin looking for a place to camp Retrace your steps Rest until it gets cooler Have an idea of which way is East and which way is West. 
The idea of using the sun to help you orient yourself is useful, but obviously depends on you knowing where it is you are headed. You may think East is the way back, but if you are already East of where you started this could be dangerous. Also, the sun is actually very rarely aligned perfectly with East and West. This could be helpful in some situations, but be careful basing major decisions on this information. 3. Do I have enough water? 
No matter if you have enough time to try and find your way back to where you came or if you have decided to make camp, you are going to need water. Also, since you are now lost, it is important that you ration the water you do have until you find a new source. If you decide to walk around looking for where you came from, you are going to get thirsty and want to drink, which will deplete your supply. If you can find a water supply, stick to it and start thinking about how you can purify it to make sure it is safe to drink. Here are some of the most effective ways: Boil the water - this is relatively easy and safe to do, but it might be difficult if you are not carrying a pot or some other receptacle to hold the water Make a filter - you can make a filter using rocks and leaves and any burnt wood you might be able to find. This is not the cleanest way to do this, but could be effective in desperate situations Use chemicals - if you are a prepared hiker you might be carrying some iodine or chlorine with you that you can drop into the water you collect in order to make sure it is clean. If you don’t have this, see the first two options. 
If it is impossible to do any of these, the only thing left to do is to look for a running stream and chance drinking out of it. This is risky and not recommended, but if you really need water you may not have any other choice. If you can’t find a stream you could use one of the following water collection techniques: Collect condensation from trees with plastic bags Collect rain water with a shirt or a towel Neither of these is ideal, but desperate times call for desperate measures. 4. Where can I get food? 
If you are not carrying any food with you or it looks like you are going to be on your own for a while, you are going to need to figure out where your food is going to come from. If you are near a lake or a pond or in an area with wildlife, you could try to be inventive and fashion a fishing pole or a spear out of some branches to try and get food. However, if the area you’re in doesn’t allow for this or you’re not handy enough, there are some plants easily found that can be eaten that offer nutrients for emergency situations. Here are a few: Pine needles - sounds weird, but they are full of Vitamin C, especially the light green parts that come out in Spring Dandelion leaves - they taste quite bitter, but are full of iron and will help you maintain your energy level Elder weed - legend has it that the Roman army helped feed itself on this plant while out campaigning. It’s got lots of nutrients and can be found anywhere. 
When you have to resort to eating in the woods, just be careful. The most harmless looking berry can be poisonous. You should be okay, but play it safe. Hopefully you never need this 
It is good information to have in case you ever are lost in the woods, but hopefully proper preparation and practicing safe hiking techniques will mean you will never have to ask yourself the questions we’ve discussed. Having said that, do you have any experience surviving in the woods? Let us know what you did to stay alive, but again, let’s hope it doesn’t happen.",0
12914,"Les Ossètes, un bastion de créativité et de résilience dans le Caucase","Minorités ethniques , caucase , ossétie 
Vladikavkaz. Crédit : Lori / Legion-Media 
Vladikavkaz, chef-lieu de l’Ossétie du Nord (Caucase russe), est souvent qualifiée de « Saint-Pétersbourg du Caucase » , car aucune autre ville de la région ne compte autant de représentants du monde créatif : peintres, photographes et artistes. 
« Dans mon village natal, on aimait raconter cette blague : jetez une balalaïka par la fenêtre, celui qui l’attrapera commencera à en jouer » , raconte l’Ossète Alik Pagaïev, chef de la troupe du théâtre équestre Narty de Vladikavkaz. 
Des femmes ossètes au travail, XIXe siècle. Crédit : Photo d'archives 
Toutefois, la créativité n’est pas l’unique trait national. Toujours d’après Alik Pagaïev, les Ossètes sont très ouverts à tout ce qui est nouveau, très respectueux envers les valeurs des autres et n’oublient jamais leurs racines. Histoire 
Les Ossètes tirent leur origine des nomades iranophones, les Scythes et les Sarmates. Dans les chroniques du IIe siècle ap. J.-C., ces tribus étaient considérées comme une sérieuse force militaire et politique . Lire aussi : Les Balkars, un peuple montagnard contre vents et marées 
L’Etat médiéval d’Alanie existait déjà au XIe siècle. Ses habitants étaient réputés dans la région pour leur habileté militaire . Le noyau de leur armée était la cavalerie. 
Malgré ce talent, ils furent balayés par l’offensive mongole et pratiquement exterminés vers le XIVe siècle. Il ne restait plus dans les montagnes que quelques centaines d’habitants. Pourtant, le peuple a réussi à survivre et à s’assimiler plus tard en Russie. 
Le monde compte actuellement environ 700 000 Ossètes dont 528 500 habitent en Russie d’après le recensement de la population de 2010. La plupart vivent en Ossétie du Nord ( 459 600 ), les autres se sont installés à Moscou ( 7 900 ) et à Saint-Pétersbourg (un peu plus de 3 000 ). On en compte 45 900 en Ossétie du Sud. Ouverts aux nouvelles cultures 
« Le Caucase a commencéàêtre rattachéà la Russie au XVIIIe siècle. Les Ossètes ont perçu ces changements comme leur salut : il était très difficile de survivre en montagne, alors qu’il fallait – et l’intelligentsia le réalisait clairement – se développer , a indiqué Anna Kabissova, photographe et journaliste. 
Après que l’Ossétie eut rejoint la Russie, de nombreux Ossètes sont partis faire des études à Saint-Pétersbourg . Puis nous avons vu apparaître notre propre école d’art » . Elle a fait remarquer qu’à la différence des habitants des républiques musulmanes , les Ossètes chrétiens sont arrivés plus facilement à s’entendre avec les Russes. Photo d&#39archives 
L’Ossétie du Nord, XVIIIe siècle. Oustinov / RIA Novosti 
Un artiste ossète jouant du violon. 1 / 2 
« Les Ossètes saisissent vite. Nombreux sont ceux qui s’étonnent : un jeune Ossète originaire d’un village retiré en montagne vient faire ses études à Saint-Pétersbourg ou à Moscou . Deux ans plus tard, il est complètement intégré, il parle russe sans accent et il a de très bon résultats. Je pense que c’est le trait qui a aidé notre peuple à survivre dans les temps les plus difficiles » , estime Alik Pagaïev. Offrandes aux dieux, pirojkis et bière 
Les rites chrétiens coexistent en Ossétie avec les coutumes païennes dont les traces se retrouvent dans des dizaines de fêtes populaires. Les Ossètes peuvent faire des sacrifices symboliques en tuant un poulet ou un mouton pour les offrir à leurs invités lors d’une fête. Lire aussi : Shabbat et chachlik : la vie des Juifs dans le Caucase russe 
Les célèbres pirojkis nationaux sont une nourriture rituelle. Ces chaussons, grands, ronds et fins, fourrés de viande, de fromage et de pommes de terre symbolisent pour les Ossètes le soleil. Pour toutes les fêtes, chaque famille fait cuire trois chaussons. 
Une autre tradition nationale est le brassage de la bière. Les femmes fabriquent de la bière selon une recette locale pour de nombreuses fêtes. Les Ossètes ont leur propre Oktoberfest : le festival de bière organisé chaque année au mois d’octobre à Vladikavkaz rassemble des Ossètes de toute la Russie et d’autres pays. 
Des jeunes ossètes interprètent une danse folklorique. Crédit : Yakov Berliner / RIA Novosti 
D’après son goût et son aspect, la boisson ressemble plus au kvas russe , mais elle est légèrement alcoolisée (1,5–2 degrés). Cette bière est brassée dans une grande chaudière sur un feu de bois. 
Les principaux ingrédients sont ceux de tous les autres peuples, le houblon et le malt, auxquels viennent s’ajouter tantôt des côtes de mouton, tantôt du sucre, tantôt… les recettes se comptent par centaines. Lire aussi : Les Caréliens : vivre à la frontière des mondes Le sens des affaires en moins 
« Demandez-moi quelle est l’activité que j’aime le moins et je vous répondrai : faire du commerce, poursuit Alik Pagaïev. Les Ossètes ne possèdent pas le sens des affaires. Nous avons un grand nombre de peintres talentueux et de bons sportifs , surtout dans la lutte libre, ainsi que d’éleveurs de chevaux, mais nous essayons d’éviter le domaine du commerc e » . Respect des invités et amour de la langue maternelle 
Parmi les autres traits, il y a aussi le tact. « J’ai travaillé en Kabardino-Balkarie (république du Caucase russe, ndlr) et j’étais toujours étonné de leur habitude à parler leur langue devant les autres. Je viens chez des Kabardes qui m’ont invité, mais ils parlent entre eux leur langue et je ne les comprends pas. En Ossétie, s’il y a un invité, nous parlons russe » , ajoute Alik Pagaïev. Lire aussi : Bienvenue chez les Evenks, un peuple de Sibérie qui lutte pour son identité 
Certains jeunes des grandes villes ne parlent pas leur langue. « C’est dommage, car il est important de la préserver. Chez nous, mes enfants ne parlent qu’ossète. Si je les entends parler russe, je leur explique : vous parlerez russe quand ce sera indispensable, mais chez nous on parle notre langue » , souligne-t-il.",0
12915,Republican Lawmaker Secretly Recorded Fantasizing To Gun Group About Shooting Hillary (AUDIO),"  
Republicans just can’t quit fantasizing about doing bodily harm to Hillary Clinton. Over the weekend, Sen. Richard Burr noticed a picture of Clinton hanging in a gun shop and decided the owners should put a “bullseye” on it. 
Speaking to GOP volunteers on Saturday , Burr joked that he had recently visited a gun shop and “nothing made me feel better” than seeing a magazine about rifles“with a picture of Hillary Clinton on the front of it.” 
“I was a little bit shocked at that — it didn’t have a bullseye on it,” Burr told the crowd in Mooresville, North Carolina. “But on the bottom right (of the magazine), it had everybody for federal office in this particular state that they should vote for. So let me assure you, there’s an army of support out there right now for our candidates.” 
Burr’s comments echo those of his party’s presidential nominee, Donald Trump, who has called on the “Second Amendment people” to “do something” about his Democratic opponent. However, Burr is at least pretending that he feels bad about his remarks. 
The Senate Intelligence Committee chairman issued an apology on Monday. “The comment I made was inappropriate, and I apologize for it,” Burr said. 
A Burr campaign official said the Senator’s remark about feeling “better” had nothing at all to do with the idea of Clinton being shot. Really. He was just referring to the support other right-wing candidates have gotten from various gun rights groups. Honest. 
Burr also said that if he is re-elected and Hillary should happen to win the White House, he will do all he can to continue obstructing the appointment of a ninth Supreme Court justice. When asked about the possibility of Merrick Garland, President Obama’s nominee, being appointed, Burr said, “it isn’t going to happen — period.” 
“And if Hillary Clinton becomes president, I am going to do everything I can do to make sure four years from now, we still got an opening on the Supreme Court.” 
Burr also made it clear that he considers being responsible for the “longest judicial vacancy in history” a badge of honor. 
You can listen to Burr fantasize about “bullseyes” on Hillary Clinton, here : 
Featured image via Gabriella Demczuk/Getty Images Share this Article!",0
12916,Kanye Tour Cancelled After Pro-Trump Rants. UPDATE: Kanye Hospitalized.,"Just a few days after launching into a 40-minute, concert-wrecking rant in which he declared amid a chorus of boos from his audience that he would have voted for Donald Trump, Kanye West has been  ",0
12917,"U.S. Murders Surged in 2015, F.B.I. Finds - The New York Times","The country’s murder rate jumped more last year than it had in nearly half a century, newly released federal crime data showed, although the number of homicides remained far below the levels of the 1980s and ’90s. The data, part of an annual report released on Monday by the F. B. I. showed that the murder rate rose 10. 8 percent across the United States in 2015, part of a nearly 4 percent increase in violent crime. Fueling the surge in murders was street violence in a handful of major cities, notably Baltimore, Chicago, St. Louis, Washington, D. C. and Milwaukee, where most of the victims were young   males. The F. B. I. reported that guns were used in nearly   of the nation’s 15, 696 murders during 2015. Police officials and criminologists say there is no single explanation for the increase nationally, but point to disputes that more often end in gun violence and turf battles over a growing, and highly profitable, heroin trade. “It’s too early to call this an end to the crime drop, but we are facing a   rise in murders that is quite substantial  —   the largest in about half a century,” said Richard Rosenfeld, a criminology professor at the University of  . Louis, and an authority on crime trends. “Alarm is not the appropriate response,” he said, “but the priority should be in improving   relations, particularly in disadvantaged   communities. ” The data was released on a day when a gunman in Houston wounded nine people before being fatally shot by the police, and in the midst of a heated presidential campaign in which the Republican candidate, Donald J. Trump, has made law and order a central tenet. Saying that “crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse,” Mr. Trump has pledged to make the country safe again. He suggested last week that    policing, a tactic that has been ruled unconstitutional and subsequently discontinued in New York City, might be a model for other cities. The Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton, has called for an overhaul of the justice system and a rebuilding of trust between law enforcement officers and the communities they serve. She has also called for stricter gun control. The murder rate last year was far below the levels of 30 to 40 years ago, when violent crime, fueled partly by gang violence during the crack cocaine epidemic, reached a peak. The overall 3. 9 percent increase in violent crime in 2015 was lower than levels from five and 10 years ago, the F. B. I. said. “It is important to remember that while crime did increase over all last year, 2015 still represented the   year for violent crime in the past two decades,” Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch said Monday. The pace of murders in Baltimore, Milwaukee, St. Louis and Washington has since fallen in 2016, according to police data from those cities. (Homicides classified as murder or   manslaughter are included in the F. B. I. data for murder.) Still, the White House press secretary, Josh Earnest, said that President Obama, who has pushed for stricter gun control, “believes there’s more that we can and should do. ” “And there’s no area where the president has been more outspoken than taking action on   gun safety measures that would make it harder for criminals and others who shouldn’t have them to buy a gun,” Mr. Earnest said. James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director, has suggested that the increase in violence in some urban centers may be the result of police officers’ being less aggressive in confronting potential crime as departments have been subjected to intense scrutiny over questionable shootings that have been captured on video and watched by millions on the internet. Mr. Comey’s remarks have been disputed by police chiefs and criminologists, who say there is no reliable data that supports his premise. The F. B. I. report said that about 1. 2 million violent crimes occurred in 2015, up from 1. 15 million in 2014. In 1996, when cities experienced a wave of violent crime, there were about 1. 7 million violent crimes, according to the data. The number of murders in 2015 was about the same as the 15, 399 committed in 2009. Still, the 10. 8 percent increase in the murder rate in 2015 is the most since a rise of more than 11 percent from 1967 to 1968, Dr. Rosenfeld said. By contrast, property crimes fell 2. 6 percent in 2015, according to the F. B. I. data. Chicago, one of the cities responsible for a significant part of the nation’s homicide increase, had 411 murders in 2014 and 478 in 2015, according to the F. B. I. data. As of late September, more than 500 people had been killed in Chicago so far this year, passing the city’s total for all of 2015, and more than 3, 000 people have been shot. Officials in Chicago have struggled to explain the uptick in killings. The law enforcement authorities point to a rising number of increasingly splintered gangs on the city’s South and West Sides, as well as an abundance of guns and what they view as weak penalties for gun violations. Community leaders identify more profound roots for the violence, including disinvestment in neighborhoods, poverty and unemployment. Last week, Chicago officials announced efforts to try to slow the violence, including the addition of nearly 1, 000 officers who are expected to join the Chicago Police Department, which is already the nation’s   municipal police force. Relations between the Chicago police and residents have grown especially tense since late 2015 when city officials made public a video showing a police officer shooting Laquan McDonald, an   teenager, 16 times. The Department of Justice is investigating the Chicago police. Los Angeles had 282 murders in 2015, compared with 262 in 2014, while New York had 352 murders last year, and about 333 in 2014, the report said. Other cities that had large increases in murders in 2015  —   including Baltimore, where they rose to 344 from 211 in 2014, and Milwaukee, where they increased to 145 from 90  —   have seen murders drop this year. “There are four or five cities that are big enough to drive a significant portion of the increase,” said Ronal Serpas, a former police chief in Nashville and New Orleans, who is now a criminal justice professor at Loyola University New Orleans. But homicides have increased during the first nine months of this year in several other cities, including Charlotte, N. C. where Keith Lamont Scott, a black man, was fatally shot by the police last week. Those numbers are expected to lead to an even higher increase in the murder rate for 2016, according to a report published this month by the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University School of Law.",0
12918,NATO acknowledges Russia Moving Nuclear Missiles To Kaliningrad,"NATO acknowledges Russia Moving Nuclear Missiles To Kaliningrad Page 1 06/28/12 7 ""Godlike Productions"" & ""GLP"" are registered trademarks of Zero Point Ltd. Godlike™ © 1999 - 2015 Godlikeproductions.com Page generated in 0.006s (10 queries)",0
12919,PLAY BALL! Both Mexico And Canada Say They’re Willing To Redo NAFTA With President Donald Trump,"NTEB Ads Privacy Policy PLAY BALL! Both Mexico And Canada Say They’re Willing To Redo NAFTA With President Donald Trump Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Thursday he is willing to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which US President-elect Donald Trump has said he wants to change or scrap. by Geoffrey Grider November 10, 2016 How refreshing is it to have a president who actually wants America to succeed Donald Trump criticized the North American Free Trade Agreement as a U.S. job killer, saying he would be willing to scrap the pact if Canada and Mexico were unwilling to budge. But lo and behold, guess what? Turns out no threats needed as both Mexico and Canada are voluntarily coming to the table right now. Ahh, this is the America I know and love so much. Strong, compassionate and putting America and it’s people first. Thank you, president Trump, what an awesome 4 years it’s going to be. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Thursday he is willing to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which US President-elect Donald Trump has said he wants to change or scrap. During the campaign, Trump called NAFTA the worst trade deal the United States has ever signed, while proposing protectionist measures to repatriate American jobs lost to free trade. Donald Trump’s 7-point trade plan: No TPP, renegotiate NAFTA: 
Watch this video and see one of the many reasons Americans overwhelmingly chose Donald Trump to lead our nation. “I think it’s important that we be open to talking about trade deals,” Trudeau — a fierce defender of free trade, which helps bolster the Canadian economy — told reporters. “If the Americans want to talk about NAFTA, I’m more than happy to talk about it,” he said, adding that it was important to periodically reassess trade deals to ensure that they continue to be of benefit to Canadians. Trump wants to rip apart NAFTA: 
Watch this video and see one of the many reasons Americans overwhelmingly chose Donald Trump to lead our nation. 
Mexico is willing to “modernize” the North American Free Trade Agreement with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s incoming administration and Canada, but will not renegotiate the pact, the foreign minister said. 
Foreign Minister Claudia Ruiz Massieu said NAFTA has “yielded great results” for the three nations, but that there is an opportunity to make it “more beneficial” to all. 
“We are willing to talk about this with the new government and with Canada as well,” Ruiz Massieu told CNN late Wednesday . SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING",0
12920,World to enjoy its last day of relative sanity,"World to enjoy its last day of relative sanity 07-11-16 
PEOPLE around the world are deciding how to spend their last day before Donald Trump becomes US President. 
Most have decided not to go to work, unless it is to kick their boss in the crotch, and many will spend Tuesday drinking themselves into a coma. 
Office worker Nikki Hollis said: “I think it’s very important to be unconscious when the world finally loses its mind.” 
Religious leaders have called for people to make peace with god before the result is announced, but have been unable to explain how god allowed this to happen in the first place. 
Services will be held around the clock until the churches are reduced to smoking heaps of irradiated rubble. 
Hollis added: “I may pop into my local church, assuming they’re generous with the communion wine and okay with me screaming obscenities.” 
Share:",0
12921,Donald Trump Is Said to Intend to Keep a Stake in His Business - The New York Times,"  Donald J. Trump is considering formally turning over the operational responsibility for his real estate company to his two adult sons, but he intends to keep a stake in the business and resist calls to divest, according to several people briefed on the discussions. Under a plan now being considered by the Trump family and its lawyers, Ivanka Trump, Mr. Trump’s elder daughter, would also take a leave of absence from the Trump Organization, in the surest sign that she is exploring a potential move to Washington with her husband, Jared Kushner. Mr. Kushner is discussing an   undetermined role advising his    and Ms. Trump plans on being an advocate on issues in which she has a personal interest, like child care. Before deciding how to separate from her father’s business, Ms. Trump is also assessing how to disentangle from her apparel and licensing brands, which are named for her, two people briefed on her plans said. She plans on appointing a president of her company to run the    operations. The Trumps are exploring what was described by one person briefed on the discussions as a “legal structure” that would give Mr. Trump and his daughter separation from the company. The New York Times spoke to two people involved in the transition process who were granted anonymity to speak candidly about continuing negotiations. None of the plans have been completed, and it remains uncertain precisely what the   will reveal next week at an expected news conference at which he has said he will discuss “leaving my great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country. ” Aides to Ms. Trump and to Mr. Trump’s transition team declined to comment. In announcing on Twitter last week that he would hold a news conference, Mr. Trump acknowledged that leaving his business was “visually important, as President, to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses. ” Still, the Trump family is facing enormous external pressure to do as much as it can to ensure a bright line between the  ’s business brand and his role leading the country. And any arrangement in which Mr. Trump derives a financial interest in his business could add to criticism about potential conflicts that could arise from the Trump Organization’s global ties. The Office of Government Ethics has told Mr. Trump’s lawyers that only a divestiture would resolve ethical concerns, guidance that was made public in an extraordinary stream of posts on the office’s Twitter feed. Officials with the office did not immediately respond to requests for comment on the plan under consideration. The federal law that prevents federal employees from making decisions involving their financial interests exempts the president and vice president, though no recent sitting president has maintained foreign financial holdings as extensive as Mr. Trump’s. At a meeting with The Times last month, Mr. Trump pointed out the absence of laws governing conflicts of interest for a sitting president. “The law’s totally on my side, the president can’t have a conflict of interest,” Mr. Trump said, defending his decision to remain attached to his business, even with a loosened grip. He said then that he preferred to turn it over to his children, with his elder daughter taking the lead. Some on the transition team have privately expressed concern over how foreign and domestic interests could seek to curry influence with the president by doing business with his adult sons, Donald Jr. and Eric, that ultimately accrues to Mr. Trump’s financial benefit. At least part of Mr. Trump’s reluctance to sell off his holdings stems from tax liability concerns, according to a person briefed on the plan. Government officials can defer capital gains taxes on assets they sell to avoid conflicts, providing they reinvest the money in government securities or certain approved mutual funds. But the bill comes due if those assets are sold after a person leaves office. Ivanka, Donald Jr. and Eric Trump, who grew up in their father’s business and are currently executive vice presidents, have told people that complaints about appearances of impropriety could be a continuing distraction for their father as he puts together his administration. Jan W. Baran, a leading Republican ethics lawyer, said that even though the law was clearly on Mr. Trump’s side, there were no easy answers on what he should do about his financial holdings. If he keeps a stake in his company, persistent questions about whether he is acting in the country’s interest or his business interest will be “unavoidable,” Mr. Baran said. On the other hand, Mr. Baran said, if Mr. Trump decides to divest, that raises other questions. “Who are you going sell it to?” he said. “Does selling his stake eliminate the ethical issues, or does it compound them?” There will also be lingering questions related to Mr. Trump’s children, depending on the structure the family settles on for running the company, Mr. Baran added. As outlined, the plan could leave in place many of the potential conflicts of interest growing out of a real estate and licensing business that spans at least 20 nations, in places like India, Indonesia and Turkey. Richard W. Painter, who served as the chief White House ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush from 2005 to 2007, and who is planning to police the Trump administration in a role with the watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, noted that the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution prohibits government officials from accepting gifts and payments from foreign governments or corporations controlled by foreign governments. Investments or loans from foreign   financial institutions, even diplomats staying at or hosting events at Trump hotel properties, could run afoul of that clause, Mr. Painter said. Mr. Trump will also have to take care to ensure that concessions that benefit his company are not construed as a bribe intended to influence official action. Mr. Painter said that even setting aside the legal questions, everything Mr. Trump does will be filtered through the lens of how he stands to benefit financially. “There are ways to make it work legally, but the appearances are going to be terrible and it’s going to be a   ethical challenge,” Mr. Painter said. Presidents Ronald Reagan, Bill Clinton and both Mr. Bush and his father held their assets in blind trusts while in office. President Obama did not use one, but he had minimal investments and they were unlikely to pose direct conflicts. His wife, Michelle Obama, gave up her professional responsibilities before he took office. While it is unclear what structure Mr. Trump proposes to set up to wall himself off from   the continuing involvement of two of his children in the business would complicate matters. And for a trust to be truly blind, experts say that the assets would have to be liquidated  —   and that Mr. Trump, who will be the wealthiest president in American history, would have to have no knowledge of how the proceeds were invested.",0
12922,Some phenomenal product placement on the Mail Online,Some phenomenal product placement on the Mail Online The choice of ads on this Mail article are quite sobering…,0
12923,"Trump Ordered Syria Attack, then Ate Dinner with Chinese President - Breitbart","President Donald Trump ordered Tomahawk missile strikes against a Syrian airfield on Thursday evening  —   then sat down to dinner with visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping at   . [CNN, citing a White House source, reports:  Trump met with his national security team before his dinner with Chinese President Xi Jinping in    Thursday, where he made the decision to pull the trigger on the biggest military action of his presidency, an administration official says. He sat through dinner with the President Xi as action was under way. Trump was briefed after dinner by Secretary of Defense James “Mad Dog” Mattis, according to the report. The message would not have been lost on the Chinese president, whose visit was expected to include difficult discussions about the threat of North Korean ballistic missiles, as well as about China’s ambitious naval expansion on artificial islands in international waters. “He does what he says   …     He’s sending a message to the Chinese,” former General Jack Keane told Sean Hannity on Fox News. “He’s telling the Chinese that, listen, the North Koreans are trying to weaponize intercontinental ballistic missiles and the rhetoric is they will use them against my country and my people. Don’t push me into a corner where I have to use a military option to deal with them. That would be horrific. That would mean war on the Korean peninsula,” Keane said. “I think he’ll get the Chinese attention for sure, as a result of that. It’s not rhetoric. We’ve had rhetoric for eight years, with passivity, and no action. ” Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
12924,Jury Rules In Favor Of Bundy In Oregon Standoff Case,"The occupation eventually ended on Jan. 26, when the Bundys and other key occupiers were arrested at a traffic stop. One of the occupiers, Robert “LaVoy” Funicum, was killed during that altercation. 
Speaking with The Oregonian , the attorneys for the various defendants expressed satisfaction with the jury’s decision. 
“More than we could have hoped for,” said Morgan Philpot, one of the attorneys for Ammon Bundy.   
“Stunning,” added defense lawyer Lisa Ludwig, who was serving as standby counsel for Ryan Bundy. 
“I’m just thrilled,” chimed in Lisa Maxfield, an attorney for one of the five other defendants. 
There was just one problem. The Bundys were still expected to stand trial in Nevada for an earlier standoff that occurred several years prior. Moreover, U.S. Marshals present at the verdict hearing Tuesday reportedly had a retainer for Ammon. This led to an in-court altercation, and he was again placed in custody. 
This snafu aside, the ruling was, according to The Oregonian, “a remarkable blow to the federal government as it tries to tamp down a national movement … to open public lands to ranchers, miners and loggers.”  ",0
12925,War Less Imminent After Clinton Defeat,"2016 presidential campaign A Black Agenda Radio commentary by executive editor Glen Ford 
Are most Americans warlike, or are they just easily misled into going along with the War Party that dominates both halves of the duopoly? In a certain sense, the distinction doesn’t matter. Most American don’t care enough about the lives of the millions of victims of U.S. empire to do much of anything to save them. And, if they voted for Hillary Clinton, they did not even have the presence of mind to save themselves from nuclear annihilation. War Less Imminent After Clinton Defeat A Black Agenda Radio commentary by executive editor Glen Ford 
“Trump says he wants to cooperate with the Syrians and the Russians to defeat ISIS.” 
With so many people who call themselves liberals and leftists tearing their hair out in dread of a President Donald Trump, it is necessary to point out that the prospects of avoiding nuclear war are much better than they were the day before the election. Hillary Clinton was committed to imposing a “no fly zone” over Syria that would have meant instant war with Russia, likely resulting in the annihilation of the human species. You’d think that would have made Clinton anathema to decent people. But Americans, including those who call themselves liberals, are not decent people – not really. Based on their political behavior, they just pretend to be decent, but support U.S. governments that have slaughtered millions since the end of World War Two. If you voted for Obama and Clinton, you gave your assent to continuing George Bush’s wars, allowing Obama to start two major wars of his own, in Libya and Syria, and to Hillary Clinton’s plans to roll the nuclear dice on the fate of humanity. The whole world knows that Americans are dangerous, to themselves and to others. But, decent? Since when, and to whom? 
Donald Trump looks and talks like the ugly, racist, bullying American -- and he is exactly that, but he hasn’t killed anybody yet, and his public statements have been of a far more peaceful nature than the woman he beat at the polls. Trump says he wants to cooperate with the Syrians and the Russians to defeat ISIS. Trump also does not make distinctions between the various Islamic jihadist groups in Syria, unlike the Obama administration, which has directly and indirectly armed and funded all of the jihadist groups, and has spent much of the last several months trying to protect the al Nusra Front, the al Qaida affiliate in eastern Aleppo, from Russian bombing. 
“The jihadists are in despair, and the prospects for driving them out of Aleppo look promising.” 
No sooner had the votes been counted, than President Obama ordered U.S. Special Forces to go all-out to kill the leadership of al-Nusra. 
This war has been entirely based on lies, so Obama will probably limit his Kill List to al Qaida leaders, while sparing the rank and file jihadist fighters for future use by the United States. But it is safe to say that, had Hillary Clinton been elected, the most warlike factions in the U.S. military, the CIA, the State Department, and the foreign policy establishment at-large would be setting the stage for full-scale confrontation with Russia and all of Syria’s allies under President Clinton. Instead, the jihadists are in despair, and the prospects for driving them out of Aleppo look promising. Hopefully, the Syrian government and its friends will be on the road to victory before Donald Trump’s presidency is decisively captured by the bipartisan War Party that runs the empire. 
Syrian President Bashar Assad says it’s fine with him if Trump wants to fight the terrorists. But, Assad isn’t sure that Trump can deliver on his campaign pledge. “What about the countervailing forces within the administration, the mainstream media that were against him?” Assad asks . Assad thinks the notion of Trump bucking the War Party is “dubious.” He’s right. Half a million Syrians are dead because most Americans don’t much care who their government kills, as long as they’re not white. But, getting rid of Clinton has slowed the War Party down a bit, and maybe prevented a nuclear war. If you are a decent person, you should be pleased about that. 
For Black Agenda Radio, I’m Glen Ford. On the web, go to BlackAgendaReport.com. BAR executive editor Glen Ford can be contacted at [email protected] .",0
12926,Limbaugh on Russia Probes: ’We Are Watching a Silent Coup Here to Oust a Duly Elected President’ - Breitbart,"Friday on his nationally syndicated radio show, Rush Limbaugh questioned the motives of the numerous investigations into President Donald Trump and his alleged ties to the Russian government.  Limbaugh said despite the lack of evidence of such ties, there are these investigations underway and that it goes beyond incompetence, which he called a “silent coup. ” Limbaugh went on to criticize former FBI Director James Comey, who he suggested exhibited odd behavior regarding his interactions with Trump. Partial transcript as follows (courtesy RushLimbaugh. com): I don’t know that there’s a lot of incompetence here. I know what you mean by that, but I think (sigh) this is all being fairly well executed by the people who have a strategy behind it. I mean, you have to have a lot of pieces in place to be able to carry out a story for which there’s no evidence for over a year. You have to have a  …     You want to talk about a conspiracy? I mean, people love conspiracy theories. How’s this happen? How do we get no evidence of anything into five investigations on Capitol Hill, numerous media investigations, and the big investigation by the real pros: The CIA, the NSA, and the FBI? Those are the people that can survival and wiretap, and there’s nothing. There’s not a scintilla. There’s not a whit. There’s no evidence whatsoever. And yet theirs no end is in sight to this. That’s a pretty good trick, and it takes a conspiracy. It takes a lot of people conspiring together to make this happen. All it would take to unravel this is for one of these people on the left to say, “There isn’t any evidence. “What are we doing here? We’re wasting our time. We need to look at something else. We’re not gonna find any evidence. There’s no evidence!” All it would take is one person in the media, in the FBI, the CIA, the NSA. All it would take would be one staffer somewhere of one Democrat. All it would take would be one renegade media member. And not a single leak, not a single betrayal of this. So I don’t think this is incompetence. I think it’s much worse. I think it has a purposeful, studied effort and outcome, which is a coup. We are watching a silent coup here to oust a duly elected president, and this coup is being mounted by career government people who can traffic anonymously and who are protected by people in the media and within the Democrat Party. Stop and think of it, folks. A year. How many  …    ? Hasn’t the Washington Post at one time admitted that they have over 30 anonymous sources for all of this? That’s just one newspaper, 30 anonymous sources there. How many anonymous people are talking New York Times? How much overlap? How many sources are talking to both places? All these deep state career government people,   people that are civilians now? We don’t know. But it is a lot of people, and there isn’t any evidence. There’s none! And it’s gonna continue whether or not  …     Not only is there no evidence, there’s nothing to suggest the need of a special counsel. They can’t even find a   to cover up the fact that there’s no evidence. What is the  ? When you don’t have a crime, then what the hell is being covered up? But they’ve got people believing that there’s a scandal here, and you know what the scandal is? Firing Comey. That’s not a scandal. Firing Comey? The president can do that any time he wants for whatever reason he wants, and he doesn’t need anybody’s permission. But that is the supposed scandal. Now, about Comey, I mentioned earlier that I was reading some things last night about it and I said, “This is embarrassing. This is really a bit of desperation here. ” You have to balance what’s coming up here with another reputation that we’ve been presented with. In the case of James Comey  —   and this goes back to the Bush presidency when he was a deputy attorney general for John Ashcroft. That’s when I first became aware of the name of James Comey, and from that day forward James Comey has been presented as a lawyer beyond repute. He is a lawyer who exudes integrity. He is flawless. He has never slipped up. This man is the epitome of honesty. This man is the epitome of courage. This man is the epitome of independence. This is the reputation of James Comey. This is why the Clinton campaign went through such conniptions when Comey was doing what he was doing, because he was doing all of that with the finest reputation anybody in Washington has ever had. Now that reputation’s beginning to crumble. That’s the dirty little secret. That reputation’s starting to take some hits, and not because of anything Trump did. Because of things Comey has done. The July 5th press conference, the October 28th letter to Congress, the listing of charges but there’s not gonna be any prosecution. That just isn’t done. There’s all kinds of things being done. And now this guy with the impeccable reputation all of a sudden some people are whispering he’s got a power complex. People are starting to whisper, “This man’s trying to make it all about himself. This man’s trying to figure out where the bright lights are in every story and end up right in them. ” Well, those are serious, serious assaults if you have spent your life crafting and building this impeccable reputation for virtue and for honesty and for integrity. So it’s against all that that this now is beginning to happen. So here’s the first thing. This is Washington Examiner: “Comey Hid Among White House Curtains to Avoid Trump. ” I’m sorry. The only reason we know this is because Comey told somebody, and the fact that Comey’s telling people this so that they will then tell the media? I would be embarrassed, is what I’m saying. This is embarrassing. “Former FBI Director James Comey now says he tried to hide among the tall, blue curtains adorning a White House meeting room in an attempt to hide from President Trump at an Inauguration Day event. “Comey said the incident was one example of what he believed were times Trump tried to create a public image that showed Comey was on his side. ” So we have image protection going on here. (translated) “We have my independence is at stake here! I’ve got to do something! That’s bad. So now I’m gonna tell people I had to hide in the curtains. This guy Trump? This guy Trump was so eager to corrupt me, so eager to make it look like he and I were buds, I had to hide in the curtains!” The FBI director is admitting that he hid from the president of the United States in the curtains on Inauguration Day. This is embarrassing! Benjamin Wittes, who runs a blog  —   Lawfare or some such thing  —   is said to be a good Comey friend. Quote, “Comey described really not wanting to go to that meeting” on Inauguration Day, “for the same reason he later did not want to go to the private dinner with Trump: the FBI director should be always at arm’s length from the president, in his view. “There was an additional sensitivity here too,” Benjamin Wittes said, “because many Democrats blamed Comey for Trump’s election, so he didn’t want any shows of closeness between the two that might reinforce a perception that he had put a thumb on the scale in Trump’s favor. ” This is so embarrassing. This is a window into the way Comey’s thinking, and all he’s thinking about is himself! He’s making all of this about him! Most people do. Most people’s egos are such that everything ends up being about them. But this is not about James Comey, and yet he’s trying to make it about him, and this is about trying to save and protect his reputation. And then he goes on to say (paraphrased) “I didn’t want to shape Trump’s hand. You know, Trump when he shakes your hand he pulls you to him and he tries to make it look like you’re buddies and friends. ” No, no, no, no. You people, you’ve been in politics so long, you don’t understand how people actually interact with each other in the real world. But Comey thought that Trump was engaging  …     Everything Trump was doing was designed to create an image that he and Comey were buds. (scoffs) But Benjamin Wittes said, “Mr. Comey also felt he could not refuse a presidential invitation, particularly not one that went to a broad array of law enforcement leadership. ” So it wasn’t just Comey? You’ve got all other kinds of law enforcement people there, and yet Comey admits to hiding in the curtains so that Trump will not notice him? (scoffs) This is like my cat thinking I can’t see her when her head’s poking around the corner. How in the world do you hide in the curtains and think you’re not going to be seen in more importantly: Why would you then like this story? Because it feeds the lunatic left. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
12927,Politico: Tabloids’ ’Ambient Headlines’ May Have Cost Hillary the Election - Breitbart,"Politico staff writer Jack Shafer has another novel excuse for Hillary Clinton’s November loss: the National Enquirer and other tabloids subliminally altering voters’ perceptions at the grocery checkout line. [From Politico Magazine:  The tabs had covered politicians before, sure: Back in 1987, the Enquirer helped scuttle Gary Hart’s presidential ambitions when it published a cover photo of Donna Rice sitting on his lap, and in a 2008 series, it threw a saddle on John Edwards’ presidential bid and rode it into the ground. But the tabloids’ thrust had almost always been pure scandal. Politics was only the backdrop. That changed this time, as the tabloids —  especially the Enquirer —  fixated on the presidential campaign, sometimes in oddly substantive ways. Trump, Clinton or one of the other presidential candidates appeared on the Enquirer cover more than 20 times in 2016, an editorial trajectory that shows no sign of ending with 2017. “How Trump Will Fix Spy Showdown” heralds a cover line in the January 16 issue. The tab routinely depicted Clinton as crazed, diseased, near death, an   traitor, a liar, a blackmailer, corrupt and a member of a crime family. The Enquirer’s sister tabloid, the Globe, contributed its own   salvos, claiming she was hooked on pills, crippled with multiple sclerosis, relying on a body double to conceal her illness and had suffered a “shocking crackup. ” As 2016 began, the tabloids celebrated favorite son Trump at every turn. The Enquirer endorsed him in March 2016 —  one of vanishingly few publications anywhere to do so —  and stacked its pages with praise. In its February 29, 2016, issue, the tabloid toted up the shameful secrets the candidates were hiding. His secret? “[H]e has greater support and popularity than even he’s admitted to!” the Enquirer reported. During the campaign, Trump returned the affection by saying the Enquirer ought to be “respected” and asking why it didn’t win a Pulitzer Prize for its Edwards stories. The Globe likewise pushed the Trump candidacy. It puffed him up with a story titled, “Don’t Mess With Donald Trump!” —  and it threw spitballs at the Vatican on his behalf in “Donald Trump Schools the Pope on Vital American Security. ” This open embrace of a candidate was new, and people noticed, with pieces appearing in New York magazine, the Washington Post, Bloomberg BusinessWeek, the Daily Beast and elsewhere. It’s easy to imagine that tabloids don’t matter the Enquirer is a relatively small voice in the media kingdom, with a weekly circulation of only 342, 071, down from the 5. 9 million it commanded in the 1970s. But that misses the importance of the constant cultural background noise it adds to American life: There are 37, 000 supermarkets in America, with an average of about 10 checkout stands each, and many stands feature a wire rack displaying the Enquirer, the Globe, often the company’s other tab, the National Examiner, and celebrity magazines. According to an industry study, American households make an average of 1. 5 trips to the supermarket each week. Every customer passes by the checkout stand, which means that even people who never purchase a tabloid still absorb the ambient headlines, and those headlines can shape their view of the world. Read the rest of the article here.",0
12928,Student Beats Principal to a Pulp Because He 'Can't Deal' with Death of His Mom Over a Year Ago,"
Dr. Matthew Tossman is the principal of Manhattan Early College School for Advertising in New York. 
During a typical school day, Tossman came across a student blasting music through his headphones just a little too loudly in the hallway. 
As any principal would do, Tossman asked 18-year-old student Luis Penzo to turn down the music. 
When Penzo refused, Tossman tried to take the headphones off the student's head — and that's when things backfired. 
According to CBS 2 , Penzo punched the principal in the face, and then repeatedly struck him until someone was able to intervene and stop the altercation. Image Credit: Screenshot/CBS News 
The principal was left bloodied and severely beaten. The student was arrested and charged with second-degree assault. 
Tossman, who's recovering in his home, wrote a letter to his well-wishers on campus, thanking them for their kind words: 
""As many of you know, I was injured yesterday during an incident in school. 
I am writing to thank you for the outpouring of support that I received from this community; your phone calls, emails, and kind words have lifted my spirits.” 
He also noted that he will return to school as soon as he is able. Image Credit: Facebook 
Little is known about the student who assaulted Tossman, but the student's lawyer told the New York Post that he has been unable to cope with his emotion since his mother passed away a year ago from a brain aneurysm. 
Penzo's attorney claimed the student's violent reaction was an outburst fueled by his inability to properly grieve. 
Regardless, this is yet another incident of student-on-teacher violence, a worrying trend in the United States that's becoming all too common. 
For example, a teen brutally attacked a teacher in Memphis back in May. 
The whole incident was caught on camera: 
A similar incident happened in Georgia at Mt. Zion High School just this week when a 68-year-old female teacher was assaulted by a 17-year-old male student. 
The teacher's daughter, Anna Rodriguez, described the beating to 11 Alive : 
“He jumped up and started screaming at her and started swearing at her, and kept, like, bucking up on her. So she put her arms up to brace herself, so he grabbed both of her breasts and twisted them very hard, and then threw her to the ground.” 
Penzo is currently being held on a $5,000 bond. ",0
12929,Sorry Ben Carson Critics: Obama Also Referred to Slaves as Immigrants - Breitbart,"Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Ben Carson was roundly criticized by celebrities like Samuel Jackson after he referred to the slaves from Africa as immigrants with dreams and hopes for their children’s futures. [But President Barack Obama used similar language to include   descended from slaves among the immigrants who helped shape America.  Here is Obama in 2015: Certainly, it wasn’t easy for those of African heritage who had not come here voluntarily and yet in their own way were immigrants themselves. There was discrimination and hardship and poverty. But, like you, they no doubt found inspiration in all those who had come before them. And they were able to muster faith that, here in America, they might build a better life and give their children something more. Here is Carson: That’s what America is about, a land of dreams and opportunity. There were other immigrants who came here in the bottom of slave ships, worked even longer, even harder for less. But they too had a dream that one day their sons, daughters, grandsons, granddaughters,     might pursue prosperity and happiness in this land.",0
12930,"Rajoy anuncia el inicio de una ""nueva etapa política"" basada en el diálogo","(actualizada a las 21:34 26.10.2016) URL corto 0 26 1 0 MADRID (Sputnik) — El presidente del Gobierno en funciones y líder del Partido Popular, Mariano Rajoy, resaltó durante su discurso de investidura que España se encuentra ante ""una nueva etapa política"" en la que deberá primar el diálogo frente a los intereses de partido. ""Soy consciente de que entramos en una nueva etapa política: cualquier ley o reforma que pueda venir a esta cámara en el futuro tendrá que ser fruto del acuerdo, de la cesión y del entendimiento"", explicó. © REUTERS/ Sergio Perez El debate de investidura de Mariano Rajoy En su intervención, Rajoy destacó que la ausencia de mayorías absolutas le obligará a llevar a cabo una labor de Gobierno ""basada en acuerdos"" porque ""así lo exigen los resultados electorales"".
""Debemos asumir la necesidad de diálogo no como un peaje incómodo sino como una oportunidad de alcanzar consensos"", explicó el líder conservador, que será investido gracias a la abstención de los socialdemócratas y el voto a favor de los liberales. 
Según Rajoy, lo inédito de la situación política de España, cuyo Gobierno lleva más de diez meses en funciones, debe hacer que los partidos ""dejan a un lado las confrontaciones ideológicas y sumen esfuerzos de manera excepcional"". Se abre una nueva etapa política, abierta al diálogo y consenso #InvestiduraRajoy pic.twitter.com/w9FjK9KD6A 
​""España no admite más demoras, la inestabilidad política se ha convertido en el mayor riesgo para nuestra economía"", afirmó el líder conservador. © AFP 2016/ Georges Gobet La falta del Gobierno en España ""se empieza a notar en la economía"" Al igual que en el discurso con el que abrió su fallida sesión de investidura de finales del mes de agosto, Rajoy insistió en que ""España necesita un Gobierno con urgencia"" porque la inestabilidad política y la parálisis institucional son ""nubarrones"" que amenazan las mejoras económicas.
En ese sentido, explicó que la celebración de unas terceras elecciones en medio de un año serían ""perjudiciales para el país"" y solicitó la confianza de la cámara para formar Gobierno y de ese modo evitar unos comicios que ""dañarían"" la imagen exterior española. 
El líder conservador defendió que un Gobierno presidido por él es lo ""más razonable"" porque los españoles colocaron al Partido Popular como fuerza más votada en las pasadas elecciones de junio y en los comicios de diciembre de 2015. ""Parece justo y razonable que quienes de verdad no desean repetir las elecciones apoyen esta solución"", dijo sobre al resto de fuerzas sobre su propia investidura. 
A pesar de su invitación al diálogo, el candidato advirtió al resto de grupos parlamentarios de que ""no dará marcha atrás"" en las grandes reformas llevadas a cabo por su Gabinete en los últimos cuatro años, entre las que se encuentra una polémica reforma laboral. 
No obstante, Rajoy invitó a todos los parlamentarios a ""abordar en común"" los retos más importantes de su agenda, entre los que, además de citar cuestiones como el elevado desempleo, destacó al ""desafío secesionista que algunos están planteando en Cataluña"" como el más relevante. 
""Mi obligación es defender la soberanía nacional, la unidad de España y el respeto a la ley"" afirmó tajante el candidato. — Partido Popular (@PPopular) 26 октября 2016 г. 
En el marco de su discurso de talante dialogante, Rajoy se mostró abierto a buscar acuerdos sobre el encaje de Cataluña en España que puedan satisfacer alguno de los anhelos del soberanismo, pero advirtió que ""nadie puede privar al pueblo español de su derecho exclusivo a decidir sobre su futuro y sobre su territorio"". 
La intervención de Rajoy para solicitar su confianza a la cámara fue más una apelación al resto de partidos a adoptar una disposición favorable a la búsqueda de consensos que una exposición programática ya que la aritmética parlamentaria impide al Partido Popular sacar adelante reformas sin el apoyo de otros grupos. ...",0
12931,ATF: 21st Century Suppressor Regulations are ’Archaic’ - Breitbart,"In a recently published ATF “white paper,” Associate Deputy Director Ronald Turk sets forth “points for discussion” that include his opinion that the continued inclusion of suppressors under National Firearms Act (NFA) regulations is “archaic” and “should be reevaluated. ”[The Washington Post published the paper, wherein Turk wrote:  In the past several years, opinions about silencers have changed across the United States. Their use to reduce noise at shooting ranges and applications within the sporting and hunting industry are now well recognized. At present, 42 states generally allow silencers to be used for sporting purposes. The wide acceptance of silencers and corresponding changes in state laws have created substantial demand across the country. This surge in demand has caused ATF to have a significant backlog on silencer applications. ATF’s processing time is now approximately 8 months. He went on to explain that the ATF has added “additional   and contract positions” and “[spent] over $1 million annually in overtime and temporary duty expenses” in hopes of reducing the wait time, yet demand is so great that the wait time has continued to grow. In the end, Turk believes the only way to reduce the wait time is to remove suppressors from NFA regulation. He observed, “While DOJ and ATF have historically not supported removal of items from the NFA, the change in public acceptance of silencers arguably indicates that the reason for their inclusion in the NFA is archaic and historical reluctance to removing them from the NFA should be reevaluated. ” Turk’s position, as stated in the letter, very closely aligns with the position Representatives Jeff Duncan (  ) and John Carter (  ) put forth in the Hearing Protection Act. The Act removes suppressors from NFA oversight, thereby significantly reducing associated paper work and eliminating the federal tax and   waiting period currently tied to a suppressor purchase. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
12932,NYPD Union Boss Blasts Mayor de Blasio’s Sanctuary Policy,"A New York City police union official criticized Democrat New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and the his police commissioner for sanctuary city protections granted to criminal aliens. [The Democrat mayor vowed after President Donald Trump was elected in November that he would keep existing sanctuary cities policies, reported Breitbart Texas. This comes despite the Obama Administration’s Justice Department certifying the nation’s largest city as a sanctuary jurisdiction in 2016. The city stands to  lose millions in federal law enforcement grant money, Breitbart Texas reported. The city could also be forced to repay more than $60 million in previously received law enforcement grants.  Ed Mullins, president of the Sergeants Benevolent Association said on a radio show Sunday, “It’s almost like the world is   right now. ” He added, “The people who are committing crimes they don’t belong in the country,” reported the New York Daily News. Mullins said police officers want to help Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents. “Make no mistake about it, the members of law enforcement in the NYPD want to cooperate with ICE. I speak to cops every day  —   they want to cooperate with ICE, they want to work with fellow law enforcement agents. ” “There is a moral obligation, and as the chief law enforcement officer of the city, you yourself have to be able to follow the law. We don’t get to participate in the laws that we want. ” That’s total lunacy,” he added. The New York Immigration Coalition (NYCI) tweeted out the Daily News article saying, “NYPD police union boss says cops want to help ICE deport. Not on our watch. #NoBanNoWallNoRaids #Our NY” NYPD police union boss says cops want to help ICE deport. Not on our watch. #NoBanNoWallNoRaids #OurNY https:  .   —   NYIC (@thenyic) February 27, 2017,  The NYIC describes itself on its Twitter profile as “aim[ing] to achieve a fairer and more just society that values the contributions of immigrants and extends opportunity to all. ” Last week New York City Police Commissioner James O’Neill released an      memo to his officers that said, “The NYPD does not conduct civil immigration enforcement. Specifically, this department does not enforce administrative warrants issued by Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents or federal immigration judges solely in connection with civil immigration violations. ” “It is critical that everyone who comes into contact with the NYPD, regardless of their immigration status, be able to identify themselves or seek assistance without hesitation, anxiety or fear,” O’Neill said. The New York City police commissioner elaborated in his memo, “For example, the NYPD does not arrest or detain individuals for immigration violations such as overstaying a lawfully issued visa. ” He said however, “the NYPD does and will continue to honor federal immigration detainers when there is a risk to public safety. ” Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary John F. Kelly issued comprehensive reforms of President Barack Obama’s immigration policies on February 17, reported Breitbart News. As reported, these policies restored the 287( g) program which provides for cooperation of state and local police officials with DHS agents. The program was stopped by Obama in 2014. Deportation of illegal immigrants hit a   low during President Obama’s last full fiscal year in office, Breitbart Texas reported. The administration waited until the last Friday of the year to release its final FY 2016 report on Immigration and Customs Enforcement removal operations. “We can’t ignore people who commit crimes and facilitate an atmosphere of harboring them because we want to get votes in an election year. It’s just terrible to do that,” police union head Mullins was reported by the New York Daily News to say on Sunday. “If you’re arrested, you commit a misdemeanor, you commit felonies  —   why are we going to tolerate this?” Mullins also put the onus on de Blasio and the police commissioner if any of his officers or a civilian are hurt: “If a member of law enforcement is killed or a member of the public is killed, well that public official that plays this game or that members of law enforcement that play this game, they better be prepared to answer for that. And this will no doubt some time along the line happen, because we’re seen it happen across the country. ” “Criminal aliens routinely victimize Americans and other legal residents,” DHS Secretary Kelly wrote in a   memo obtained by Breitbart Texas. “Often, these victims are not provided adequate information about the offender, the offender’s immigration status, or any enforcement action taken by ICE against the offender. ” Secretary Kelly recently ordered the director of ICE to create a program (“VOICE”) to help those who have suffered at the hands of criminal illegal aliens, Breitbart Texas reported. The program creates a liaison and authorizes the disclosure of suspect immigration statuses and other information. Mayor de Blasio’s spokesperson Austin Finan was reported to respond to Mullin’s comments on the radio, “The City works with ICE to see that violent and dangerous individuals are deported. Neighborhood, precision and    policing have driven crime to historic lows, not the deputizing of police officers to double as ICE agents. ” Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
12933,How to Rig an Election: James O’Keefe Expose’- Follow the Money,"
 

N.Morgan )Â Project Veritas, the brain child ofÂ James Oâ€™Keefe,Â has released its fourth installment of the â€œ Rigging The Election â€ series, an exposĂŠ that is described as a â€œ multi-part series which exposes the dark secrets at the highest levels of the DNC and Clinton presidential campaign .â€
In this latest installment, Oâ€™Keefe and Project Veritas Â confirm the power money hasÂ amongst the network of questionable non-profits and consulting firms supporting Hillary Clintonâ€™s presidential campaign.
To help grease the wheels for the Project Veritas undercover reporters to gain access, a well placed donation of $20,000 â€œopened the door to their smoke filled rooms of illegal and dirty campaign dealingsâ€ , as Oâ€™Keefe puts it.
The previous 3 installments of this series have forcedÂ the termination or resignation of two prominent democratic operatives: Robert Creamer and Scott Foval.
In the video below, you have a front seat as the Project Veritas reporters infiltrate the seedy world of campaign contributions.
( Video has adult language )
To view the video, click here .
P lease Donate to The Common Sense Show 
 
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DONâ€™T FORGET TO â€œLIKEâ€ US 

 

This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Â Â Donâ€™t wait until it is too late.Â Click Here Â Â for more information.
 
 
",0
12934,العراق يمنع الكحول,"العراق يمنع الكحول شبكة فولتير | 26 تشرين الأول (أكتوبر) 2016 français Español italiano Deutsch أقر البرلمان العراقي بجلسة مغلقة في 22 أكتوبر 2016، تعديلا على قانون البلديات، يقضي بحظر بيع واستيراد وإنتاج الكحول
اعتمد هذا الحظر لارضاء الإسلاميين عشية إطلاق تحرير الموصل المحتلة من قبل داعش .وينص القانون على غرامات من 8 إلى 20 ألف دولار لكل مخالف
بانظر إلى أن هذا القانون تمييزي بحق المسيحيين الذين يستخدمون النبيذ في إحياء القداس، فقد قرروا رفع دعوى ضد نص القانون أمام محكمة فدرالية
ترجمة
سعيد هلال الشريفي",0
12935,"Tory Peer Warsi: UK Should Forget About About Integration, Tackle Islamophobia Instead","There is “no point” putting Muslims in Britain under scrutiny after three terror attacks in three months, according to Baroness Sayeeda Warsi, who argued the UK should include Islamophobia in its definition of “extremism”. [Asserting that Britain’s relationship with its resident Muslims should be reset from scratch, Warsi demanded an end to pressure on the Muslim community, which she declared to be united in fighting terror.  Highlighting how “imams and young people have taken to the streets” and “Muslims have raised money for the victims” the former Conservative Party chairman said Muslims in Britain have played their part in opposing Islamist terror attacks and suggested anger at terror attacks is even stronger within the Muslim community than amongst the general public. “I’ve never seen as much anger. The language used to describe the terrorists has never been sharper, angrier, and, I would say, the level of anger towards the terrorists from British Muslims is even greater than it is within the mainstream,” she said. Because of this, the Baroness urged the government to show restraint in its response to terrorism, telling The Guardian: “There’s no point saying we need to go deeper into the Muslim community, because in all cases they reported them [the terrorists] it was obvious to them who was radicalised. ” According to Warsi, the government should instead be reviewing how it defines extremism, and consider Islamophobia to be a problem similar to that of Islamism. “There is still no definition of   extremism,” she lamented. “The only definition of extremism that exists within government policy is Islamism. We also have no definition of what is Islamophobia. ” The Baroness also condemned calls made by policymakers for Muslims to integrate into British society. “The majority of terrorists speak good English,” she insisted, pointing out that the perpetrators of many of the recent terror attacks lived Westernised lifestyles at some stage. Describing integration as “a   pastime” Warsi argued the only way the government can tackle the problem of extremist and “separatist” religious communities in Britain is by improving Muslims’ situation with regards to “economics, poverty, life chances”.",0
12936,MSNBC Scolds Brian Williams for ’Patronizing’ Rachel Maddow - Breitbart,"MSNBC scolded Brian Williams for “patronizing” host Rachel Maddow after he thanked her for “visiting” his newscast. [Williams hijacked Maddow’s show to break the news of the U. S. missile strike on Syria earlier this month when he told her at the end of the broadcast while on air, “Thanks for visiting tonight. Glad you were a part of our coverage. ”  MSNBC president Phil Griffin was reportedly furious at Williams for how he treated Maddow, the New York Post’s “Page Six” reported. “Phil gave Brian a very stern rebuke, telling him, ‘Don’t you ever do that again.’ But Rachel didn’t seem bothered by it and just laughed it off,” a source told “Page Six. ” The former NBC Nightly News anchor was in charge of MSNBC’s coverage of the U. S. Navy’s Tomahawk missile strike on Syria, which cut into Maddow’s nightly program “The Rachel Maddow Show. ” Viewers objected to Williams’ perceived intrusion into Maddow’s turf and his observation that the video footage of the missiles being launched was “beautiful” on the April 6 broadcast. “Not only did Brian go way over the top with his coverage of the missile strike, he then totally patronized Rachel by thanking her for ‘visiting’ her own show and being ‘a part’ of his ‘beautiful’ coverage! Has he not learned anything from ‘ ’?” a source from MSNBC said. Williams was suspended from NBC Nightly News and later fired in 2015 after he “misremembered” details of his experiences covering the Iraq War in 2003, the Daily Mail reported. He returned to the air as a breaking news anchor in September 2015 and host of an 11 p. m.   hour.    ",0
12937,‘Full YOLO mode’! Obama going all-out on Halloween to show Trump the presidency ‘is not entertainment’,"‘Full YOLO mode’! Obama going all-out on Halloween to show Trump the presidency ‘is not entertainment’ Posted at 3:50 pm on October 26, 2016 by Doug P. 
Remember when President Obama blasted Donald Trump by reminding him that the presidency “is not entertainment” or a “reality show”? He continues to lead by example: . @iamsambee will interview President Obama on Monday's episode of @FullFrontalSamB , TBS says. 
— Dave Itzkoff (@ditzkoff) October 26, 2016 Just in: President Obama will be interviewed on ""Full Frontal with Samantha Bee"" on Monday, Oct. 31. 
— Alex Weprin (@alexweprin) October 26, 2016 
At this rate , Obama will have his own late night comedy show by the time he leaves office. BREAKING: Guy who says being POTUS is a ""serious"" job to be interviewed by a clown on Halloween. https://t.co/61cdUvVlhq 
— Jason C. (@CounterMoonbat) October 26, 2016 
Just another Monday. @alexweprin @allahpundit just remember guys, Obama said it himself…""the presidency is not a reality tv show."" -goes on Samantha Bee 😂😂",0
12938,"BREAKING BOMBSHELL: NYPD blows whistle on new Hillary emails: Money Laundering, Pay to Play, Perjury, Sex Crimes with Children, Child Exploitation","BNI Store Nov 2 2016 BREAKING BOMBSHELL: NYPD blows whistle on new Hillary emails: Money Laundering, Pay to Play, Perjury, Sex Crimes with Children, Child Exploitation New York Police Department (NYPD) detectives and prosecutors working an alleged underage sexting case against former Congressman Anthony Weiner have turned over a newly-found laptop he shared with wife Huma Abedin to the FBI with enough evidence “to put Hillary (Clinton) and her crew away for life,” NYPD sources said. TruePundit NYPD sources said Clinton’s “crew” also included several unnamed yet implicated members of Congress in addition to her aides and insiders. The NYPD seized the computer from Weiner during a search warrant and detectives discovered a trove of over 500,000 emails to and from Hillary Clinton, Abedin and other insiders during her tenure as secretary of state. The content of those emails sparked the FBI to reopen its defunct email investigation into Clinton on Friday. But new revelations on the contents of that laptop, according to law enforcement sources, implicate the Democratic presidential candidate, her subordinates, and even select elected officials in far more alleged serious crimes than mishandling classified and top secret emails, sources said. NYPD sources said these new emails include evidence linking Clinton herself and associates to: Money laundering Sex crimes with minors (children) Perjury Pay to play through Clinton Foundation Obstruction of justice Other felony crimes NYPD detectives and a NYPD Chief, the department’s highest rank under Commissioner, said openly that if the FBI and Justice Department fail to garner timely indictments against Clinton and co- conspirators, NYPD will go public with the damaging emails now in the hands of FBI Director James Comey and many FBI field offices. “What’s in the emails is staggering and as a father, it turned my stomach,” the NYPD Chief said. “There is not going to be any Houdini-like escape from what we found. We have copies of everything. We will ship them to Wikileaks or I will personally hold my own press conference if it comes to that.” The NYPD Chief said once Comey saw the alarming contents of the emails he was forced to reopen a criminal probe against Clinton. “People are going to prison,” he said. Meanwhile, FBI sources said Abedin and Weiner were cooperating with federal agents, who have taken over the non-sexting portions the case from NYPD. The husband-and-wife Clinton insiders are both shopping for separate immunity deals, sources said. “If they don’t cooperate they are going to see long sentences,” a federal law enforcement source said. The new emails contain travel documents and itineraries indicating Hillary Clinton, President Bill Clinton, Weiner and multiple members of Congress and other government officials accompanied convicted pedophile billionaire Jeffrey Epstein on his Boeing 727 on multiple occasions to his private island in the U.S Virgin Islands, sources said. Epstein’s island has also been dubbed Orgy Island or Sex Slave Island where Epstein allegedly pimps out underage girls and boys to international dignitaries. Both NYPD and FBI sources confirm based on the new emails they now believe Hillary Clinton traveled as Epstein’s guest on at least six occasions, probably more when all the evidence is combed, sources said. Bill Clinton, it has been confirmed in media reports spanning recent years, that he too traveled with Epstein over 20 times to the island. READ MORE (Apparently the link has been scrubbed from the internet already. Don’t know if that means it’s something they don’t want to get out?)",0
12939,"In a Trump Era, Schumer Declares, Democrats Are ‘the Barrier’ - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Senator Chuck Schumer of New York wasn’t planning on being leader of the Senate minority  —   and by extension the Democratic opposition  —   as the Trump era dawns in the nation’s capital. “Do I regret what happened? Yes,” said Mr. Schumer, who was hoping to be President Hillary Clinton’s right hand as Senate majority leader before both he and Mrs. Clinton came up short of their Election Day goals. “Late moments at night, do I think what could have been? Yes. ” “But I am fully occupied with the job at hand,” Mr. Schumer said in an interview in his Senate office on Friday, just a few days after being formally chosen by his colleagues to succeed his mentor, Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, as leader of the Senate Democrats. That job, in Mr. Schumer’s view, is to serve as the bulwark against a unified Republican government led by his former campaign donor,   Donald J. Trump to use the power of the Senate minority to try to force compromise when possible and to stand in the way of Republicans when necessary. “We are the barrier,” said Mr. Schumer, noting that the rules of the Senate  —   at least as they currently exist  —   give Democrats there much more power than their House counterparts to hold the line against Republican policies they oppose. “If he is going to agree on issues like trade and transportation infrastructure in a very real way with us, we have an obligation to pursue it,” Mr. Schumer said about Mr. Trump, who quickly reached out to Mr. Schumer by phone after his presidential victory. “But at the same time, we have an obligation to oppose him on all the places where he tramples on our values, travels with racism or just dismantles things because the right wing tells him to do so. That is where we are at. ” It is a delicate balance. And Mr. Schumer’s talk of cutting deals with Mr. Trump and Senator Mitch McConnell, the Kentucky Republican and majority leader, has already alarmed some Democrats who want no cooperation whatsoever with Mr. Trump or the Senate Republicans who sat on President Obama’s Supreme Court nomination of Merrick B. Garland. “It would be a dereliction of our responsibility if we didn’t try,” said Mr. Schumer, who munched casually on a frozen Three Musketeers bar as he laid out his vision. “As long as we don’t sell out, we have an obligation to the millions of Americans who are struggling. ” Those   Americans are at the center of Mr. Schumer’s emerging strategy. He believes that Mr. Trump won by appealing to the middle of America with what was essentially a Democratic economic message on trade and job creation. He is convinced he can leverage that with the new president. “We are saying, ‘Mr. President you have two choices: Work with us and you will have to alienate your Republican colleagues, or break your promises to   America,’” he said. “I believe that   America voted for Trump mainly because of Democratic issues like trade, not for Republican issues like tax cuts for the wealthy. ” Mr. Schumer says, however, that any legislation that can entice Democrats will have to be substantial and not be used to chip away at other priorities, or they will not hesitate to oppose it. For instance, he noted that he had quickly issued a statement skeptical of the nomination of Senator Jeff Sessions, the Alabama Republican and occasional Senate gym workout companion, for attorney general, and would be giving all nominees thorough scrutiny. And he said some issues were simply nonstarters, such as reversing Wall Street and banking reforms enacted after the 2008 economic collapse. “When it comes to repealing any of   as they say in Brooklyn, fuggedaboutit,” said the   Mr. Schumer, who also said Democrats would not cooperate in any way with overturning the Affordable Care Act. Democrats did pick up two seats with wins in Illinois and New Hampshire, narrowing the Republican majority and making it that much more difficult for Mr. McConnell to round up the 60 votes needed to overcome filibusters, or perhaps even muster a simple majority. “Even though we didn’t get the majority, those two votes will be invaluable in stopping Republicans from doing bad, bad things,” Mr. Schumer said. Mr. Schumer does not believe Republicans will be eager to eliminate the ability to mount filibusters against legislation, preserving a chief minority weapon. He hopes that any Supreme Court nominee can win bipartisan support, but if Republicans threaten to eliminate the ability to filibuster   picks, he has an argument ready. “I said to McConnell, you don’t come before this with clean hands because of what you did with Merrick Garland, who didn’t even get a hearing and who was clearly a mainstream candidate,” Mr. Schumer said. After an increasingly strained relationship between Mr. McConnell and Mr. Reid, Mr. Schumer believes he can negotiate with the top Republican. “McConnell wants to make things work and I want to make things work,” he said. “While we will certainly both stand for our principles and each side will respect the other, we can get a lot more done than has been done in the past. ” But it will definitely be a challenge. And it was not the one Mr. Schumer had hoped to face.",0
12940,Hannity on Health Care Bill: ’This Is Not President Trump’s Failure’ - Breitbart,"Friday on Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,” host Sean Hannity used his opening monologue to react to House Speaker Paul Ryan’s decision not to proceed with a vote on the   American Health Care Act, which would have been the opening salvo for Republicans trying to dismantle the 2010 Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare.  Hannity argued Republicans must make sure this doesn’t happen in the future and point to the flaws in the legislative process where improvement must be made. However, he emphasized the outcome was not the fault of President Donald Trump. “Let me be very clear here,” Hannity said. “This is not President Trump’s failure. President Trump went above and beyond and did everything in his power to get this bill across the finish line. ” Hannity went on to take aim at the media and the Democratic opposition to the bill but reiterated that measures should be taken to ensure this doesn’t happen again. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
12941,Jeff Landry: Sessions’ Testimony Showed Russia Investigation Is ’Witch Hunt Dreamed Up’ by Democrats,"Louisiana State Attorney General Jeff Landry spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Wednesday regarding Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee. [“After watching the Comey testimony and Sessions’,” said Landry, “I think that both of those put together should bring everyone in the country to the conclusion that there was nothing there as far as collusion between the Russians and the Trump campaign or those involved in the Trump campaign. ”  Landry added that he thought “Sessions did a wonderful job of basically putting that to rest and showing that this whole thing has been some sort of circus or witch hunt dreamed up by the Democrats. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
12942,Talks on Syria Seek to Extend Fragile Truce to Aleppo - The New York Times,"BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Negotiations are underway to extend a fragile   agreement in Syria to the embattled northern city of Aleppo, which a surge of violence has  nearly torn apart in recent weeks, Secretary of State John Kerry said on Monday. “In the last weeks, the cessation of hostilities has been put to the test, and it has frayed in certain areas, and it has fallen completely in a few areas,” Mr. Kerry said in Geneva after meeting with the United Nations special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. Mr. Kerry said he was particularly disturbed about air raids on a hospital and three health clinics in Aleppo, for which he blamed President Bashar  ’s government. “The regime has clearly indicated the willingness, over a period of time now, to attack first responders, to attack health care workers and rescue workers,” Mr. Kerry said. “And the attack on this hospital is unconscionable, under any standard anywhere. It has to stop. ” He added that “both sides  —   the opposition and the regime  —   have contributed to this chaos. ” Mr. Kerry said that he planned to talk to his Russian counterpart, Foreign Minister Sergey V. Lavrov, on Monday evening, and that Mr. de Mistura would travel to Moscow on Tuesday, all part of an effort to restore a fragile   that was brokered in February, with American and Russian support, and is now at risk of collapse. Mr. Kerry urged Russia to pressure Mr. Assad to stop the attacks. “This is the moment to try to make certain that what everybody has signed up to is, in fact, being delivered, being lived up to, without hypocrisy and without variation. ” Mr. Kerry said there could be no “legitimate political talks” until both parties carried out the agreement  —   a full cessation of hostilities throughout the country and the nationwide delivery of humanitarian aid. “And yet one party is blatantly violating that agreement,” he said, referring to the Syrian government. Speaking at a news conference with Mr. de Mistura, Mr. Kerry said that the deal was fraying in some areas and had collapsed in others and that legitimate talks on a   were impossible unless all of the involved parties were committed to it. Mr. Kerry said that Russia and the United States would add personnel in Geneva so that the   agreement could be monitored    —   a declaration that left the unsettling impression that until now, the agreement, promoted as being of ultimate importance, had not been monitored around the clock by its sponsors. Mr. de Mistura added a note of reality, saying he appreciated that while Russia and the United States were developing an improved   monitoring system, “we need the political will otherwise we would have only a mechanism. ” “Well said,” Mr. Kerry said. Asked repeatedly whether he trusted the Russian government on the efforts to restore a truce in Aleppo, Mr. Kerry declined to answer. In noting that the partial truce had fallen apart in some parts of Syria, Mr. Kerry acknowledged what has been clear for more than a week on the ground: The relative respite from violence brought by the   reduction in hostilities has come to a resounding end in many areas, especially Aleppo, where more than 200 people have died in the past week, most of them civilians. About   of those deaths have been on the   side of town, which is being pummeled anew by airstrikes and by bombs dropped from helicopters, including on a hospital. But both sides have demonstrated a disregard for civilian life, with rebels firing mortar shells and missiles last week toward most of the   neighborhoods in Aleppo, in one of their worst barrages in recent months. Yet as Mr. Kerry carries out shuttle diplomacy to try to revive the partial truce, it has been renewed in several areas, but not in Aleppo, where it is needed most. The Syrian Army said in a statement on Monday that a temporary truce in the suburbs of Damascus and in the coastal province of Latakia would be extended for an additional 48 hours. The Tass news agency in Russia quoted Lt. Gen. Sergei Kurylenko, head of the Russian coordination center in Syria, as saying only that talks about a   for Aleppo were continuing. The sticking point is apparently an unwillingness by Russia to tell the Syrian government to stop its aerial bombardments on   areas there. Mr. Kerry, as well as residents and opposition figures, say the government’s warplanes, in a campaign aided by Russia, are mainly hitting areas not controlled by the Nusra Front, which has a small presence in Aleppo. Instead, they are believed to be striking areas controlled by other insurgent groups, including some backed by the United States and its allies. The United States is considering whether to draw up a map of safe zones where civilians and members of moderate opposition groups could seek shelter from attacks by Mr. Assad’s military, The Associated Press reported. It was not immediately clear whether Russia would accept such a plan, or could persuade the Assad government to respect the zones. Such an agreement is also unlikely to be helpful if the sides cannot agree on what constitutes the violations the monitors are supposed to be watching for. Even if   hard lines were drawn on a map, and civilians and insurgents not affiliated with the Nusra Front were encouraged to go there, the plan would face major practical problems, given the difficulty of moving safely within the city. Rebel groups may not agree to give up areas that Russia believes are held by the Nusra Front, arguing that, in fact, they are held by local opposition fighters and seeing the plan as a ploy to allow the government to take them back.",0
12943,"House Challenge to Health Law Could Raise Premiums, Administration Says - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Victory for House Republicans in federal court last week could mean significantly higher health insurance premiums for millions of people if the decision is upheld on appeal, the Obama administration said Monday. And much of the cost for those higher premiums could be passed on to the federal government and taxpayers, administration officials and health policy experts said. The ruling by Judge Rosemary M. Collyer of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia would block the administration from reimbursing insurers for discounts provided to millions of   people under the Affordable Care Act. Without that money, insurers would have to increase premiums for many people purchasing insurance through the health law’s online marketplaces, the administration said. Judge Collyer said that the administration had paid billions of dollars to insurers since January 2014 even though Congress had not appropriated money for those subsidies, a violation of Article I of the Constitution, which states, “No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law. ” The disputed money compensates insurers for the discounts, which make health care more affordable to consumers by reducing   deductibles and other    costs. If insurers are not reimbursed for the discounts, the administration said, they will need to charge higher premiums to cover their expenses. A study by the Department of Health and Human Services estimated that premiums for midlevel “silver plans” could rise by nearly 30 percent without those reimbursements. Many consumers would be protected, since under the law, they would be entitled to larger tax credits to help pay the higher premiums, the administration said. However, taxpayers would bear some of the extra costs. The Urban Institute, a nonprofit research organization, estimated additional spending would total $3. 6 billion in 2016 and $47 billion over the next decade. The administration plans to appeal the decision in the case, House of Representatives v. Burwell. The judge held off putting her decision into effect to allow for an appeal. Clare Krusing, a spokeswoman for America’s Health Insurance Plans, a trade group, said: “We have a long judicial process ahead of us, so there’ll be no immediate change to anyone’s current benefit. But if you eliminate the   subsidies, it would certainly increase the overall cost of coverage. ” Federal officials say the Affordable Care Act gave them permanent authority to help pay deductibles,   and other    costs for certain   people who buy insurance through the new public marketplaces. The Congressional Budget Office estimated that these payments, known as   reductions, would total $130 billion over the next 10 years. But if insurers must rely on Congress to provide the money through annual appropriations, that would cause uncertainty in insurance markets, the administration said, noting that Congress was often late in passing bills to finance operations of the federal government. In court papers, the Obama administration made this forecast: “If   reduction payments were dependent on annual appropriations, insurers would be forced to set their premiums for the upcoming year in the face of uncertainty about the existence and amount of payments they would receive. That uncertainty would be inefficient and destabilizing. It would also inevitably lead to increased premiums. ” Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said he felt sure that the administration would ultimately prevail in court. Republicans will “stop at nothing to try to tear this bill down,” he said, “but I continue to be confident that they’re going to continue to fail. ” Administration officials said the ruling should not affect 2017 premiums. The White House contends that the health care law, signed by President Obama in 2010, provides all the authority he needs to pay insurance companies for the discounts they give consumers. But in April 2013, Mr. Obama sought explicit authority, asking Congress to provide the money in one of the annual appropriations bills for 2014. Congress did not act on the request. “Congress authorized reduced   but did not appropriate moneys for it, in the fiscal year 2014 budget or since,” Judge Collyer said. “Congress is the only source for such an appropriation, and no public money can be spent without one. ” Nearly five million people, or 56 percent of those enrolled in health plans through federal and state marketplaces, were benefiting from   reductions at the end of last year, the administration said. Researchers at the Urban Institute also predicted that insurers would increase premiums for silver plans if they were no longer reimbursed for   reductions. Premiums for such plans, they said, would increase about $1, 040 a year per person, or 29 percent. “If insurers have enough time to develop new rates, they could incorporate the increased costs into the premiums for silver plans,” said Linda J. Blumberg, a health economist at the Urban Institute. “But this takes time. You can’t change the rules in the middle of the year and adjust prices the next week. ”",0
12944,"Obama, Trump display unity in White House meeting","November 11, 2016 Obama, Trump display unity in White House meeting 
President Obama and President-elect Donald Trump put on a show of unity Thursday at their first meeting at the White House. 
The two men, who have been sworn enemies for years, met for more than an hour and a half in the Oval Office, even though Trump said they were only scheduled to meet for 15 minutes. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright © 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don’t receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That’s an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here ► Dear Readers,",0
12945,Philip Haney: Governments Can Use Basic Indicators to Prevent Islamic Terror Attacks,"SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam welcomed former Department of Homeland Security official Philip Haney, author of See Something, Say Nothing: A Homeland Security Officer Exposes the Government’s Submission to Jihad, back to Breitbart News Daily on Thursday morning. Naturally, the terrorist attack in London was the primary topic of conversation. [Haney recalled appearing with Kassam on Wednesday’s edition of Sean Hannity’s show, where they discussed the difference between “indicators that might help you get focused on the circumstances of an attack like yesterday” and “proven derogatory information. ”  “You can develop indicators in a situation like yesterday without necessarily determining whether they’re really proven derogatory or not,” he said. He cited the terrorist attacks in San Bernardino, Fort Hood, and Chattanooga as cases where “there were indicators that were seen by different law enforcement, particularly FBI, which is domestic law enforcement, and then my own former agency, Customs and Border Protection, which was our primary job Department of Homeland Security was created to help protect our country from terrorism. ” “The way we constructed cases, which is commonly known as ‘connecting the dots,’ was to put pieces of information into the system until a point came when you could paint a picture, either of an individual or of an organization because there was a relationship between an individual who does an attack or may do an attack and an affiliated network of either other individuals or organizations,” he elaborated. Haney noted that the London attacker was evidently known to law enforcement. “I also just read that they’ve also arrested eight other people, which is perfect proof of my operating premise that these individuals virtually are never alone,” he added. “This notion that we have of individuals that are suddenly radicalized, just kind of out of the clear blue, is really not a correct premise because as we’re now discovering with the individual from the attack yesterday that there are other people involved in some way or another. It always amazes me how they’re able to find this out after an attack, but it doesn’t seem like they’re able to manage it quite as effectively before an attack occurs,” he said. Haney thought this was a consequence of the limited “arena that law enforcement is allowed to operate in and how they’re able to respond to indicators that they might find,” not a shortage of resources. “It’s been the prevailing notion that law enforcement tends to be limited in their ability to respond to the evidence that they see lately,” he noted unhappily. “We’ve been seeing these kind of vehicle attacks all the way back to Beirut, with the Marine barracks twenty, thirty years ago,” Haney pointed out. “As soon as I began to see the details of the story come out in the media, the picture came clear in my mind that this is very similar to the kind of attacks we’ve seen in Nice   Beirut, as I mentioned, and in Germany’s Christmas market. ” “That’s another arena of indicators when you’re evaluating a terrorist attack. If you’re a law enforcement officer, that’s your first and primary job, to try to put the picture together as quickly as you can, for one major reason: you don’t know at the time of attack if that’s the only person involved. You do your best to put the picture together as clearly and as quickly as possible as an indicator of a possible course of action, a response to the terrorist attack,” he advised. “As an outside observer, I took the evidence that was being provided by the media  —   in particular, the Guardian  —   and evaluated the pictures that they had shown of the MPs, the medical people, working on the individual that had been shot. Just from that picture, I was able to make some determinations, kind of focus down on the type of person that he probably was. With my background, I knew immediately that it was likely he was affiliated with other individuals, either directly   indirectly,” he explained. “It looked to me like he was going to crash through the gate if at all possible, and the smaller wall stopped him from going through,” Haney assessed. “You put the picture together, and then you respond in a law enforcement manner from there. That’s how I saw it as I evaluated it yesterday as the story was unfolding,” he said. Haney speculated that law enforcement withheld the identity of the attacker for as long as possible to “keep the individuals that they’re tracking” from escaping the dragnet. He thought it was reasonable for British   units to “give themselves as much of a tactical advantage as they possibly can maintain, for as long as they can maintain it. ” “Likely, people will go underground because that’s what always happens. Remember the attacks in Brussels? There were individuals that were involved in the attack that were basically hiding in plain sight, right in communities. It took months, if not longer, to find some of them,” he recalled.  “The other indicator, by the way, is what happened in the U. K. with the individuals arrested on the street or detained on the street, for asking other people in a protest questions about Islam. They intervened and took him off the street. That’s kind of a variation on the ‘see something, say something’ theme, that if you do see something and say something, oftentimes you end up getting in trouble for bringing it up,” Haney said. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
12946,Shakespeare: Actor. Playwright. Social Climber. - The New York Times,"Shakespeare biography has long circled a set of tantalizing mysteries: Was he Protestant or secretly Catholic? Gay or straight? Loving toward his wife, or coldly dismissive? That the man left no surviving letters or autobiographical testimony has hardly helped, ensuring that accounts of his life have often relied on “one halfpenny worth of fact to an intolerable deal of supposition,” as the scholar C. W.   once lamented. Only a few scraps of new material relating to Shakespeare in his lifetime have surfaced over the past century. But now, a researcher has uncovered nearly a dozen previously unknown records that shed clearer light on another   side of the man: the social climber. The documents, discovered by Heather Wolfe, the curator of manuscripts at the Folger Shakespeare Library in Washington, relate to a coat of arms that was granted to Shakespeare’s father in 1596, attesting to his and his son’s status as gentlemen. Considered with previously known records, Ms. Wolfe argues, the documents suggest both how deeply invested Shakespeare was in gaining that recognition  —   a rarity for a man from the theater  —   and how directly he may have been drawn into colorful bureaucratic infighting that threatened to strip it away. The new evidence “really helps us get a little bit closer to the man himself,” Ms. Wolfe said. “It shows him shaping himself and building his reputation in a very intentional way. ” James Shapiro, a Shakespeare scholar at Columbia University who has seen Ms. Wolfe’s research, said her discoveries help illuminate what mattered to Shakespeare. “It’s all about trying to figure out, what was he like?” Mr. Shapiro said. “Anytime we can substitute something solid for speculation, that’s significant. ” The new documents, Mr. Shapiro added, also come with a nice bonus: they clearly refute skeptics who continue to argue  —   to the deep exasperation of most scholars  —   that William Shakespeare of    was not actually the author of the works attributed to him. “It’s always been clear that Shakespeare of Stratford and ‘Shakespeare the player’ were one and the same,” Mr. Shapiro said. “But if you hold the documents Heather has discovered together, that is the smoking gun. ” Ms. Wolfe’s discoveries began in the archives of the College of Arms in London, home to 10 heralds who are still charged with researching and granting coats of arms  —   arcane territory where many literary scholars might fear to tread. “Looking through the minutiae of the College of Arms is, even for Shakespeare scholars, almost unbearable,” Mr. Shapiro said. “We really owe Heather a debt of gratitude for wading in. ” Ms. Wolfe said she began wondering if there wasn’t fresh material to find there when she looked through a book edited by Nigel Ramsay, a historian at University College London, with whom she curated an exhibition on heraldry at the Folger in 2014. On one page, she was startled by something she had never seen before: a sketch of the arms with the words “Shakespeare the player,” or actor, dated to around 1600. A similar image with the same text  —   a copy dating from around 1700  —   has long been known to Shakespeare scholars (as well as to authorship skeptics, who generally dismiss as unreliable any evidence dated after 1616, the year of Shakespeare’s death). But this earlier one, from the College of Arms, seemed to have gone unremarked on. Ms. Wolfe started digging there and in other archives, and so far has gathered a dozen unknown or forgotten depictions of the arms in heraldic reference works called alphabets and ordinaries. “I just started finding them everywhere,” she said. Scholars have long known that Shakespeare’s father, John, a businessman and justice of the peace in Stratford, had first made inquiries about a coat of arms around 1575. They have speculated that it was William who renewed the effort in 1596, on his father’s behalf. The new depictions Ms. Wolfe has gathered are all from the 17th century. More than half associate the arms with “Shakespeare the player,” or with William, not John. This material not only proves “that Shakespeare was Shakespeare,” as Ms. Wolfe wryly put it. It also, she argues, underlines the degree to which contemporaries saw the coat of arms as, in effect, being for William. “It makes it abundantly clear that while Shakespeare was obtaining the arms on behalf of his father, it was really for his own status,” she said. Mr. Shapiro said he agreed. “All evidence suggests this was not about the father,” he said, “but about how Shakespeare wanted to be seen. ” Alan H. Nelson, a retired professor at University of California, Berkeley, who has contributed to Shakespeare Documented, an online project curated by Ms. Wolfe, said he also found her case persuasive. The new material, he added, “helps to confirm everything we know about the arc of Shakespeare’s career and the way he understood himself in the context of his society,” he said. But not all of Shakespeare’s contemporaries took his newly minted status at face value. Ben Jonson mocked his arms in his 1598 play “Every Man Out of His Humour,” in which a country bumpkin is advised to purchase arms with the motto “Not without mustard,” a dig at Shakespeare’s motto “Not without right. ” (Shakespeare’s arms were yellow.) A more threatening attack came in 1602 from Ralph Brooke, a herald in the College of Arms who had long been at war with his archrival, William Dethick, who held the title Garter King of Arms. (At one point, Brooke reportedly warned Dethick, himself a notoriously violent man, that the Star Chamber would punish him by cutting off his ears.) That year, Brooke, drew up for submission to the queen a list of 23 “mean persons” who had wrongfully been granted arms by Dethick, including “Shakespeare the player,” as Brooke put it disparagingly. (Shakespeare was not the only one given a lowly job description: a man derided by Brooke as a mere “bookbinder,” Ms. Wolfe noted, was actually master of the Stationers’ Company, the prestigious body that regulated the publishing industry.) Among Dethick’s records, Ms. Wolfe found letters from outraged people whose arms had come under attack, as well as notes indicating that some had withdrawn their claims. While no record of Shakespeare’s response survives, Ms. Wolfe argues that the others’ intense reactions suggest that he must have known about the controversy, and likely took action to defend his status. Some whose letters survive lived outside London, she noted. “They couldn’t just approach Dethick, as Shakespeare could have. ” Shakespeare may have held onto his arms, but the glory didn’t last. His son, Hamnet, had died in 1596. His last direct descendant, a granddaughter named Elizabeth Barnard, died in 1670. Ms. Wolfe said that a colleague at the Folger recently pointed out something she has not seen any scholar discuss: the wax seal on Elizabeth’s last will shows a fragment of the Shakespeare arms, just barely visible. “She’s dying, she’s the last in the direct line, and the arms have faded,” Ms. Wolfe said. “It just seems touchingly symbolic. ”",0
12947,Files Suggest Honduran Police Leaders Ordered Killing of Antidrug Officials - The New York Times,"MEXICO CITY  —   More than a dozen conspirators gathered at the headquarters of the Honduran National Police just after 9:30 p. m. One of them clicked open a briefcase, and bundles of American dollars were distributed among the police officers  —   payment for the next day’s hit job. After everyone else filed out of the room, the three   officers stayed behind to make a call. “Keep watch over the news tomorrow, sir,” one of them said, according to case files gathered by Honduran investigators. “We’ll do it all in the morning, good night, sir. ” They kept their word. A day later, on Dec. 8, 2009, the top antidrug official in Honduras  —   the retired general Julián Arístides González Irías  —   dropped off his daughter at school and was heading to work when he found his usual route blocked. A motorcycle carrying two men pulled up to his Nissan SUV. The one riding at the back pulled out a gun, killing the general. Outrage at the assassination swept Honduras. The country was still in turmoil after the coup that ousted President Manuel Zelaya and turned Honduras into an international outcast. In a country riddled with corruption and division, the retired general was distinguished for his rectitude and efficiency. The authorities promised a swift investigation. But the case quickly went cold. At least that is how it appeared to the public. Behind the scenes, according to the case files, the police investigators took just three weeks to solve the murder. The chief suspects were a cell of   police commanders working    with drug traffickers. The conspiracy reached all the way to the chief of police. The man at the other end of that evening’s phone call was Winter Blanco, the head of a drug cartel based on the Caribbean coast, according to the investigators’ files. Five months earlier, the antidrug czar had foiled the trafficker’s plan to use the police to steal 143 kilograms of cocaine from a rival. The assassination was payback, investigators concluded. Two years later, the antidrug czar’s top adviser, Alfredo Landaverde Hernández, was assassinated in exactly the same way, days after he publicly accused police commanders of allowing criminal gangs to infiltrate the police force. Once again, an investigation concluded that the chief suspects were the same commanders, aided by   officers. A full report was sent to the police chief. But in public, the case remained unsolved. Now, the details of the investigations  —   witness testimony, descriptions of videos, and phone call records  —   are emerging in Honduras, shaking the country once again. In terse language, the documents paint a chilling portrait of impunity at the very top of Honduras’s police hierarchy: the unchallenged power to carry out assassinations and force a   of the investigation. The suspicion that the police were part of the murders has long nagged at Hondurans. But with the release of the case files  —   parts of which were published in the Honduran press before being obtained by The New York Times  —   the country is now confronted with a glaring example of   government corruption and collusion with drug traffickers. The revelations come at a pivotal time in Honduras, just as an international commission backed by the Organization of American States is setting up in the country to help investigate corruption. At the same time, the Obama administration is in the process of sending about $750 million in aid to the region, hoping to address the chronic violence and lack of opportunity that has fueled a mass exodus of desperate people to the United States. The effort to suppress the results of two of the country’s most   murder cases came to light only this month, when the newspaper El Heraldo revealed parts of the investigation’s conclusions and published excerpts from the files, without naming any of the most powerful suspects. Since then, the Honduran president, Juan Orlando Hernández, has vowed a mass purge of the police force in response to the evidence, which helps peel back the layers covering the deeply entrenched networks of corruption feeding the country’s violence and poverty. Last year, Oscar Chinchilla, the Honduran attorney general, asked the United States for help in solving the assassinations and Washington provided advisers, Joseph Crook, a State Department spokesman, said. But the newly obtained case files point to a  . They include cover pages from the inspector general’s office of the Security Ministry, which oversees the National Police. So if Mr. Chinchilla carries out a   investigation to show that the government is serious about fighting corruption, it could end up ensnaring some of the president’s allies in the National Party, which has been in office since the beginning of 2010. “There was a type of pact of silence,” said Thelma Mejía, a Honduran journalist. “These files passed through various police chiefs and they did nothing. They were known by various security ministers and they did nothing. ” The early fallout of the scandal is beginning. Foreign Minister Arturo Corrales, who had also served as the country’s security minister, resigned late Thursday. The first announcements of police firings are expected as early as this weekend. A civilian commission in charge of weeding out corrupt officers has asked for background on the nine   active generals in the police force, including José Ricardo Ramírez del Cid, a former police chief in 2011 who is named in the case files as the mastermind behind the assassinations. According to the documents, Mr. Ramírez del Cid was one of the three who stayed behind the night before the antidrug czar was killed in 2009 to place the call to the drug lord. Another was José Luis Muñoz Licona, who was appointed police chief in 2010. In interviews broadcast after the El Heraldo report, both officials denied any involvement in the assassinations. So did the police chief at the time of the antidrug czar’s killing, Salomón Escoto Salinas, who is also named in the documents. The case files leave little doubt that inside the police, at least, the results of the investigation were known. In May 2012, an official in the inspector general’s office sent a copy of documents to the police chief at the time, Juan Carlos Bonilla, noting that he was acting under the orders of the security minister. At the end of 2013, Mr. Bonilla’s replacement as police chief, Ramón Sabillón Pineda, ordered special guards to protect the case files on both assassinations, as well as documents on other   killings. In remarks to the Honduran news media, four of the security ministers in office since 2009 said that they were not aware of the documents. The fifth refused to comment. Washington will be watching the police purge closely. It spent millions of dollars on the last effort to overhaul the Honduran police, which began in 2011, before finally giving up two years later when it was clear that only a handful of officers had been fired. “Despite good intentions, I think our own officials, especially in the past, have sometimes been naïve in the way they have supported the Honduran government’s actions and inactions,” Senator Patrick Leahy, who follows events in Honduras closely, said in written responses to questions. Mr. Leahy, a Vermont Democrat, successfully pressed Congress to impose human rights and anticorruption conditions on aid to Central American governments this year. “There is no doubt that our aid is well intentioned,” he wrote. “But despite some arrests of drug traffickers we’ve seen no real improvement in the Honduran justice system. ” And, he promised: “It is not going to be business as usual. We can’t keep throwing money away. ” The current Honduran president, Mr. Hernández, has had his own approach to police corruption, creating a military police force that has supplanted much of the National Police force on the ground. The coming police purge is likely to strengthen its power. The international anticorruption commission sponsored by the Organization of American States arrives this week to begin its work. Known by its Spanish initials, Maccih, it is a response to months of anticorruption protests last year across the country. The demonstrators, who marched at dusk bearing torches in a challenge to the president, demanded a prosecutors’ commission modeled after the one in neighboring Guatemala, which uncovered a customs bribery ring that brought down that country’s president last year. Mr. Hernández resisted an accord that would create a panel with the same powers, and the commission he agreed to will not have independent investigatory authority. But the president may find that his control is limited. In an interview, the director of the incoming group said that it would be up to his team, not the Honduran government, to choose the cases it will work on alongside Honduran prosecutors. “There should be no doubt that the mission will be involved in cases where there are networks of corruption that harm the country,” said Juan Jiménez Mayor, the former Peruvian justice minister who is leading the commission. Within days, the commission will start work on its first case, the assassination last month of Berta Cáceres, a prominent environmental and indigenous rights activist who was fighting a powerful Honduran company over a dam project on community land. Facing an international uproar, the government turned to the commission for help. Even Hondurans who had been skeptical of the limits on the commission were hopeful that it will ultimately lead to widespread investigation into the police and their protectors. “It is a special time in the country,” said Mario Díaz, a judge and president of the Association of Judges for Democracy, a group that has been critical of the Hernández government. “A lot of expectations have been generated. ”",0
12948,Laurie the Moose Lady Puts ‘Heart and Soul’ Into Roadkill - The New York Times,"SEATTLE  —   Laurie Speakman is passionate about moose meat. Partly it is the flavor of the meat, which to her is milder than beef, and great on the barbecue. What matters even more, she said, is moose meat for charity. When a moose weighing half a ton or more is killed on a highway on the Kenai Peninsula south of Anchorage  —   something that can easily happen 125 times a year in that part of the state  —   Ms. Speakman gets the call. As a volunteer with the Alaska Moose Federation, she goes to the scene, winches the carcass onto her truck and delivers it to hungry families or religious and civic groups on a waiting list, which then butcher and distribute the meat. “I work my life around roadkill,” said Ms. Speakman, 45, whose Facebook page declares her alter ego, Laurie the Moose Lady. “My heart and soul is into this because people are getting fed. ” So it irks her, she said, when moose go missing. Under state law, animals struck and killed on Alaska’s highways are state property and may be handled only by authorized groups like the federation. But illegal carcass harvesting is occurring with increasing frequency in Alaska, said the group’s executive director, Don Dyer, who just last week stumbled upon evidence that pointed to moose theft. “This last Sunday about 3 o’clock in the morning, we got a call, and we got out there and someone had cut an entire shoulder out of a moose,” Mr. Dyer said in a telephone interview. “Some people out there say, ‘Well, it’s just roadkill,’ and if they’re hungry, they’re entitled to it, but the fact of the matter is that when somebody steals a whole moose, it impacts a lot of people. ” The goal of distributing meat from animals killed on the road is not new in Alaska, but before the creation of the federation in 2002, that meant butchering the animal where it died. The work could take a team two or three hours, cutting up 250 to 300 pounds of meat or more, sometimes in dangerous traffic and brutal weather. Transport by the federation’s drivers  —   there are now six, including Ms. Speakman  —   cleared crash sites faster and saved time and money for state troopers. Roadkill’s power as a punch line for   comedians, politicians and songwriters probably dates to the early days of the automobile. But harvesting food from the highway is increasingly earning some respect beyond Alaska. People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, for example, the advocacy group better known by its acronym, PETA, has endorsed the harvest of animals killed on the road as a more ethical and humane way to get meat than through commercial agriculture practices that use feedlots and slaughterhouses. In a statement, the group said, “If the state is going to provide the needy with animal carcasses rather than doing the right thing by serving healthy   food, roadkill is a superior option. ” About 20 states  —   including Florida, Vermont, Colorado and Illinois  —   allow some legal taking of wild meat killed by accident, according to the Washington State Department of Fish and Wildlife, which changed its rules last month to allow the practice. In most of the United States, deer are by far the most likely animals to be hit by a vehicle. State Farm Insurance estimates that more than 1. 2 million deer, elk and moose  —   mostly deer  —   were struck in 2015 in the United States, with West Virginia being statistically the most dangerous place to be an ungulate crossing the road. And at least one academic who has studied the issue said he believed evolution was changing the behavior of animal populations, which have learned to adapt to the ribbons of highway and the shiny machines that roar past day and night. “There is just less space for creatures, and they have in some cases been changed,” said Roger M. Knutson, a retired professor of biology and the author of the book “Flattened Fauna: A Field Guide to Common Animals of Roads, Streets, and Highways. ” Mr. Knutson’s book, first published in the   quotes, for example, a study of hedgehogs  —   a kind of animal famous for curling up into a ball when threatened. When the animals come to highways now, the study said, they have learned to run instead. The legal wrinkles of harvesting animals killed on the road vary. In Idaho, for example, people are required to call a wildlife worker or law enforcement official to kill an injured animal before it can be taken. In Washington, salvagers can load a dead deer or elk into their vehicle and drive away, but they must contact the Department of Fish and Wildlife within 24 hours to get a permit. Ms. Speakman said she feels loved by those she helps. Several local organizations and Alaska Native tribal groups regularly give her gas cards to help out. “I’ve had a few charities that made me breakfast. Some will give me coffee. I kind of get spoiled a little bit,” she said. But she draws the line at taking any meat for herself. “I’ve had a couple of charities offer some to me, and I will not accept it  —   there are needy families out there, and I don’t want to take away from them. ” She gets her moose meat by hunting. And she is thinking of eventually writing her own   cookbook. “I’ve got some recipes,” she said.",0
12949,Overcoming Anxiety/ Spirit Communications,"  Overcoming Anxiety/ Spirit Communications Overcoming Anxiety/ Spirit Communications Date Wednesday - November 16,   
First Half: Psychiatrist Dr. Peter Breggin will discuss techniques to overcome guilt, shame and anxiety and how to handle life's obstacles. He'll also address the overprescribing of psychiatric drugs in the US, and the alternatives available. 
Second Half: Hans Christian King , a direct voice medium for more than sixty years, will outline how to create a clear channel for spiritual communication, which enables practitioners to discover, activate, trust, and follow the soul’s directions. He'll also share stories from the spirit world, and from those who've experienced spiritual awakenings. Website(s):",0
12950,"Texas Official Sees Record Breaking Turnout, And It’s All For Trump","Prison Planet.com October 27, 2016 YUGE RECORD BREAKING VOTES in TEXAS!!! & Its Not Bernie Fans or Obama Voters for Hillary Clinton!! ALLL Donald Trump Folks😃 #wednesdaywisdom pic.twitter.com/Sn79fMhwXG 
— DEPLORABLE TRUMPCAT (@Darren32895836) October 26, 2016 This  28  ",0
12951,"Evan McMullin, Anti-Trump Republican, Mounts Independent Presidential Bid - The New York Times","Evan McMullin, a former C. I. A. official and a Republican who passionately opposes Donald J. Trump, announced Monday that he would run for president as an independent candidate. Mr. McMullin, who until recently worked on policy development with the House Republican Conference, has missed the   deadlines in more than two dozen states. But Mr. McMullin, a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of   Saints, studied in Utah and could take votes from Mr. Trump in the heavily Mormon state. In an interview, Mr. McMullin said he was strongly opposed to both Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee. But his harshest words, and his clearest motivation, appeared to come from Mr. Trump’s candidacy. “Really what’s impacted me is the way Trump’s treated our veterans, our heroes,” he said. “The things he said about John McCain, the things he said about the Khan family, and Mrs. Khan. ” Mr. Trump last year disparaged Mr. McCain’s status as a war hero because the Republican senator from Arizona was captured, and more recently he insinuated that Ghazala Khan  —   the mother of a fallen Muslim soldier who appeared with her husband, Khizr, at the Democratic convention  —   did not speak because she was not permitted to by her religion. Mr. McMullin is said to be backed by the group Better for America, which earlier this year began an effort to get on the ballot in as many states as possible, with the hopes of drafting a candidate. The group is backed by John Kingston, a donor who had supported Mitt Romney. Mr. Kingston has worked with the pollster Joel Searby. Rick Wilson, a Republican consultant and Trump foe, is the main strategist on the effort. Polling shows that Mr. Trump’s support in Utah is very low for a Republican presidential candidate, and it has particularly suffered amid his battles against Mr. Romney, a Mormon who was the Republican nominee in 2012. If Mr. McMullin is competitive nowhere else but Utah, he still could nonetheless have an effect on the race: Mr. Trump cannot win the presidency without holding the states that Mr. Romney won, his aides have concluded. That Mr. McMullin has a national security background makes him a more appealing option, potentially, to conservatives who cannot bring themselves to support Mr. Trump, but who strongly dislike Mrs. Clinton. Not everyone sounded pleased with Mr. McMullin’s entry into politics. A spokesman for the House Republican Conference, Nate Hodson, said, “The House Republican Conference has zero knowledge of his intentions. ”",0
12952,Kevin Shenkman: Ending Democracy as We Know It in Southern California? - Breitbart,"Kevin Shenkman could be described as one of the most prolific and successful civil rights lawyers of his generation, after almost   pushing dozens of Southern California communities to change their election systems under the California Voting Rights Act of 2001 (CVRA) over the past few years. [To many in those communities, however, Shenkman is a villain, a   from Malibu who is creating racial divisions where they do not exist  —   and making millions in the process.  He is, according to local podcaster Stephen Daniels, “the most hated man in Santa Clarita. ” And he is “hated” there  —   and elsewhere  —   because he wins. Shenkman scored his latest victory last Wednesday evening, when the Oceanside City Council voted   to approve a proposal to move from an   system, where every council member is elected by the voters as a whole, to a district system, where voters are only represented directly by one member, from a particular geographic area. The change was prompted by a March 22 letter from Shenkman, claiming that the city’s   system prevented minority groups from winning elections, and warning of a lawsuit to follow. Residents of Oceanside were shocked, and angry, at the charge. The city has had several Latino council members, including one who has served on the council for the last 16 years. It also recently had an   mayor. Shenkman claimed in his letter to the city that Oceanside’s 65. 2% white majority engaged in “bloc voting” to exclude Latinos, and cited Linda Gonzales, who lost a city council race last year. Gonzales opposed Shenkman’s effort, and told Breitbart News that she believes lost her election fairly. She added that Shenkman never asked her permission to use her name. Nevertheless, the council members capitulated to Shenkman’s threat, after the city attorney advised them last Wednesday that no city or school board had ever successfully defended an   election system from a CVRA challenge in court. Score another win for Shenkman. His law firm, Shenkman  Hughes, boasts on its website that he “has never lost a case, and has no intention of breaking that winning streak. ” Curiously, in his extensive bio on the website, which touts his work in “all aspects of intellectual property law, including litigation of patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret matters,” as well as other areas of civil litigation, he omits any mention of his voting rights cases (as of this writing). Shenkman’s path to law, and voting rights, are rather unconventional. Today, he lives in Malibu, one of the wealthiest communities in the state, whose population is over 90% white. But as he told the Talk of Santa Clarita podcast in January, he grew up in the Detroit area. There, he said, he was a “bad kid,” committing “the occasional little criminal misdemeanor kinda thing, maybe the occasional felony that I never got caught for. ” He had “some interaction with the justice system,” and formed a bond with his attorney, who inspired him to pursue a legal career. Shenkman graduated from Rice University with a B. S. in mechanical engineering (which he describes as “completely useless”) and went to Columbia Law School. He is married, with four daughters. He told Talk of Santa Clarita that if he were still practicing patent law, “I would have shot myself by now,” calling it “  boring. ” Shenkman’s Facebook profile photo is an image of a giant metal fist: the Joe Louis monument in Detroit, Michigan. (His cover photo is the same image: “Fuck your FB rules,” he explains in a comment to a relative.) His timeline features a photograph of Trayvon Martin, the black teenager who was killed while fighting neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman in Florida in 2012, who was later acquitted. He is a Democrat, and gave $1375 to the Los Angeles County Democratic Central Committee in 2014, according to the Federal Elections Commission. He has also contributed to Democrats at the state and local levels, according to the California Secretary of State. The public record also suggests that Shenkman has had a colorful career as a plaintiff’s attorney, filing class action suits on behalf of consumers  —   and sometimes acting as the plaintiff himself. Currently, Shenkman and his law partner are plaintiffs in a class action suit filed last year against AutoZone, claiming that the auto parts dealer had not informed them that it was changing its rewards program so that a $20 credit on purchases over $20 would expire after one year. In 2014, he represented consumers in successful class action claims against restaurant chains that falsely advertised Kobe beef during a period when Japanese beef imports were banned. In 2011, Shenkman personally filed a consumer class action suit against Chipotle Mexican Grill, claiming that employees had misled him into believing the restaurant’s pinto beans were vegetarian, when they are actually made with bacon. In his lawsuit, he cited his vegetarianism and Jewish faith (though Jewish dietary laws, which require that food be certified kosher by a rabbi, would not have permitted him to eat at Chipotle at all). That case was dismissed in 2015, more than four years later, according to court documents. He also reportedly sued the Chinese   chain Panda Express, claiming it failed to disclose that it adds chicken powder to its vegetarian entrees. That same year, he was the plaintiff  —   identified as an “avid runner” in media reports  —   in class action suits filed against coconut water companies Vita Coco and One World Enterprises, claiming they had exaggerated the hydration benefits of their products. Both cases were dismissed court documents indicate that he accepted a token settlement of $2, 000 in the Vida Coco case as part of a related nationwide class action settlement. Following those adventures in consumer litigation, Shenkman found a new issue to litigate: minority voting rights. Specifically, Shenkman turned his attention to the CVRA, a law signed in 2002 by Democratic Governor Gray Davis  —   who was later recalled by the California electorate  —   that made it easy for activists to sue towns, school boards, and other local government bodies with   voting. In addition, the CVRA allows plaintiffs to “prove” that “racially polarized voting occurs” simply by showing that a member of a minority group might have won an election if not for being outvoted by members of the majority (usually white). The CVRA is a   law with a contentious history. Over a decade ago, in the Sanchez v. City of Modesto case, a state court found the CVRA unconstitutional. But that ruling was overturned on appeal in 2006, and the U. S. Supreme Court declined to take up the case, keeping the law intact. Among other questionable provisions, the CVRA includes incentives for lawyers to sue by allowing successful plaintiff’s attorneys to recover their fees from the defendants, while preventing successful defendants from doing the same. For activist groups and ambitious lawyers, the CVRA is a   scheme but for local governments, it is a   scenario. They must pay their own legal fees, win or lose, and if they lose they must also pay the legal costs  —   often exorbitant  —   of the other side. For the first several years that the CVRA was in force, just two attorneys made “all of the roughly $4. 3 million” that resulted from settlements under the law, according to the Associated Press. Those two attorneys just happened to be the two lawyers who drafted the law, including San   civil rights lawyer Robert Rubin. At some point, Shenkman apparently recognized the political and financial opportunity that the CVRA presented in Southern California. “Like everything else, it just fell on me,” he told Talk of Santa Clarita, recalling an early conversation with Antelope Valley Democratic Party activist Darren Parker. In 2012, Shenkman began suing cities and school districts throughout the region  —   most notably the city of Palmdale, which was likely seen as an easy target because   of its population are minorities, while its city council is largely white. Palmdale fought back, and the subsequent court fight set the template for other confrontations between Shenkman and his targets. At first, the city was defiant, fighting Shenkman in court and holding elections that a judge later declared were illegal. In the end, however, after being worn down by years of litigation and appeals, Palmdale agreed to a settlement that required it to pay $4. 5 million. (Curiously, one of the plaintiffs’ other lawyers was R. Rex Parris, the mayor of the neighboring city of Lancaster, which still uses the   election system.) Since the Palmdale case, Shenkman told Voice of OC last year, he has been inundated with calls from potential plaintiffs. Some of Shenkman’s potential plaintiffs are local politicians. He told Voice of OC that he also works with the Southwest Voter Registration and Education Project, a   Latino organization (with a Los Angeles office) which he reportedly represented in at least one case. Shenkman uses the Palmdale case to push other cities into immediate compliance. In his letter to Oceanside, for example, he wrote: “As you may be aware, in 2012, we sued the City of Palmdale for violating the CVRA. After an   trial, we prevailed. After spending millions of dollars, a   remedy was ultimately imposed on the Palmdale city council, with districts that combine all incumbents into one of the four districts. ” Shenkman and his supporters argue that districts increase the chance that minority candidates will win elections, presuming people vote as racial blocs. Shenkman told Talk of Santa Clarita that the   system had been created in the early 20th century to “freeze out” minorities.   elections, according to Shenkman and to the few advocates who spoke in favor of districts at the Oceanside city council meeting, are also theoretically less expensive, lowering the barrier to entry for candidates. And with fewer constituents per public official, districts might allow more direct interaction between local voters and their elected representatives. (In Santa Clarita, Shenkman pushed for cumulative voting, in which voters can vote more than once for their preferred candidates, telling Talk of Santa Clarita that the system would be more likely than districts to elect Latinos to the city council.) Many residents, however, seem to prefer the   system. One reason, frequently cited by the opponents of Oceanside’s proposed district system, is that every single member of a local government body under an   system is accountable to each voter. Some, like Hans von Spakovsky of the Heritage Foundation, also argue that small communities share too much in common to be divided politically in ways that encourage politicians to favor their local neighborhoods over others. And many communities reject the idea that they are racist  —   or that they use “bloc voting” to exclude minorities, as Shenkman alleges. They also dislike the drawing of districts using racial criteria, arguing it creates new divisions in the community  —   a frequent refrain among the opponents in Oceanside. More than the particular form of government, what many communities resent is the way they are being compelled to accept districts  —   through legal threats and accusations of racism. Oceanside Councilmember Jack Feller, who voted against the new system, told the Los Angeles Times that he felt “disgusted   …     that this is being forced on us. ” If Palmdale was an attractive target, Oceanside was a poor one. Just over a third of its residents are Latino, and there has been at least one Hispanic representative on the   city council for the last two decades. At the council meeting on Wednesday evening, many of the most vociferous opponents of the new plan were Hispanic. But the Palmdale case loomed large in the minds of the council members, who voted  —   narrowly  —   to surrender. Gonzales, the candidate whose name Shenkman used in his letter to the city, told Breitbart News that she felt he had exploited her for his own purposes. She said that she had reached Shenkman by telephone, and found him rude, until she explained who she was. At that point, she said, he expressed sympathy for her recent election loss. She told him she had lost because she was running against veteran incumbents, not because of racism. “I told [Shenkman] that I agree we need to get more Latinos involved in the government, and in our democracy, and in our Constitution,” but without special districts, Gonzales recalled. “He didn’t want to talk to me after that. ” And she added: “They’re working against the people they’re trying to help. ” That is a common sentiment in the communities Shenkman has confronted. In Palmdale, when Shenkman sued to stop city council elections in 2013, the city accused him of “attempting to stop an election where at least one minority candidate is essentially guaranteed to win a seat on the City Council,” given the field of candidates. The city attorney opined that Shenkman’s legal team was “only interested in gouging the taxpayers to line their pockets. ” Shenkman later defended his payout to the Los Angeles Times: “We did very well on the Palmdale case. But people who criticized us don’t realize the enormous risk that we took. ” (It is not clear what “risk” Shenkman was referring to, since  —   as noted above  —   the CRVA does not allow successful defendants to recover costs. He told Voice of OC: “I was not paying my mortgage in order to pay the experts. And the court reporters’ fees, and other stuff. Hundreds of thousands of dollars in    costs. ” Other lawyers, he said, might not have been “crazy enough” to try.) Shenkman also told Talk of Santa Clarita that he “embraced” the financial rewards of his voting rights cases, admitting that he posted a photograph of the check he received from Palmdale on his Facebook page with the caption: “Picture me rollin’ bitches. ” He has, at times, described his highly lucrative voting rights campaign in more idealistic,   even   terms. In a speech in 2013, he said: “Other people have introduced me as just being the bad guy. They call [me] the   the ambulance chaser, some other names that are probably not even as nice as that. And all for seeking to allow racial and ethnic minorities   …     to have a say in their city governments, their school boards. ” He later admitted, however, to “extorting” local governments, in an interview with Voice of OC: “That’s all true   …     taking advantage of easy targets  —   yeah. There are a lot of easy targets, but they should change. If they change their election system, I wouldn’t need or have the opportunity to sue them. ” Since the Palmdale case, Shenkman has overturned   election systems throughout Southern California, most of which had been in place for many decades, without complaint. The Orange County Register called the changes a “historic upheaval,” citing “dozens” of local agencies that had been forced to change from   to district voting. Not even liberal cities are safe. Last year Shenkman sued the City of Santa Monica, which prides itself on its   “progressive” politics, and which has a Latino mayor. Shenkman’s client in Santa Monica is Maria Loya, who has run unsuccessfully for local office. She is married to Oscar de la Torre, who claims he lost a race for city council in November 2016 because of the   system. (De la Torre came sixth in a race where the top four won seats Mayor Tony Vazquez won the   number of votes.) He is on the board of the Pico Neighborhood Association, which is also a plaintiff in the case. (In addition to Shenkman, one of the other lawyers for the plaintiffs is none other than CVRA   Robert Rubin himself another is Mayor Parris of Lancaster, once again.) Shenkman told Talk of Santa Clarita that the Democrats on the Santa Monica city council are “hypocritical. ” He added: “[T]hey’re saying the same   things” as the city of Palmdale . Last year, however, Shenkman’s lawsuit nearly derailed negotiations between Santa Monica and his home town of Malibu over the creation of a separate Malibu school district, something local activists in Malibu fervently desire. Initially, Shenkman was on Malibu’s negotiating team. But when Shenkman filed his lawsuit, without warning, Santa Monica cut off talks. “[T]his legal action could jeopardize our ability to move forward in a productive manner,” the school board president said in a press release, reported at the time by the Santa Monica Daily Press. A group called Advocates for Malibu Public Schools, which had initially joined Shenkman’s lawsuit as plaintiffs, withdrew from the case, and Shenkman resigned as a member of the negotiating team, saying his involvement had become a “distraction. ” Given Shenkman’s unsparing style, perhaps Santa Monica should not have been surprised. When voters in the San Fernando Valley town of Glendale rejected a district system by a    margin in a 2015 referendum, Shenkman sued the school district. When the San Bernardino County town of Upland agreed to a settlement with Shenkman, which involved hiring demographers to draw districts that favored Latinos, they still had to pay legal fees. And when the Orange County city of Fullerton created districts, Shenkman went back to court to challenge the new boundaries. Shenkman has a brash style of speaking, and is not shy to express contempt for his legal and political opponents. On Talk of Santa Clarita, Shenkman referred disparagingly to local Latino politicians with whom he disagreed  —   in explicitly racial terms: “I don’t think very highly of the crowd in Santa Clarita who are Latino by name only,” he said, singling out   Republican Assemblyman Dante Acosta ( ) as “one that comes to mind. ” Shenkman also made an astonishing allegation about a former State Senate candidate, Democrat Johnathon Ervin: Shenkman: And the Democrats that were up [for election] were horrible candidates. Daniels: Mmm. Shenkman: I mean, Johnathon Ervin is a horrible candidate. Daniels: Why do you say that? Shenkman: He’s got so many problems, man. First of all, the guy takes bribes, OK? Daniels: Ugh. Shenkman: You know  —   Daniels: Hey man, you’re a lawyer. I mean, don’t you at least want to say, “allegedly”? Shenkman: No. He added, later in the interview, that he had received death threats, and threats to his family, as a result of his work on voting rights. But he was undeterred, and said he has many requests from local activists to confront their cities. In discussing the cities he has taken on, Shenkman seems to adopt an imperious tone, confident that he can shape outcomes to his will. When asked by Daniels about whether Santa Clarita could avoid a lawsuit by appointing a Latino member to the council, he said that it would depend on whom they appointed: I think it very much depends on who they appoint. And right now, as the council stands, there are four white, conservative Republicans of a similar mind. And that is not what the City of Santa Clarita is. I would love to see the city council have the kind of maturity to appoint someone who does not share all of their views  …     Maybe the fifth person should bring some diversity of ideas. Shenkman also vowed on Talk of Santa Clarita to depose the current Santa Clarita city council  —   which he claimed was elected unlawfully  —   eventually: “Any time a city fights us to the bitter end, that’s the approach that we take. ” Ironically, Shenkman’s own town of Malibu has an   election system  —   the very system Shenkman is destroying elsewhere  —   and an apparently   city council. But not enough minorities live there: only 6. 1% of the population is Hispanic, and only 1. 2% is black. Ironically, that means the CVRA might not apply to Malibu. But perhaps the greatest irony is that for all of Shenkman’s legal work over the past five years, the new district systems are little better at electing minorities to office than the old   systems. Last month, the Times observed: “A voting law meant to increase minority representation has generated many more lawsuits than seats for people of color. ” It added: “Of the 22 cities that have made the move to district elections since June [2016] only seven saw an overall gain in Latino council members. ” And the reasons for poor Latino representation had nothing to do with racism, the Times reported: A number of factors likely contributed to the low numbers, including historically low turnout by Latino voters and a lack of candidates with the means to run, experts said. Also, even in cities with large Latino populations, some residents can’t vote because they are too young, are here illegally or are not citizens. The threat of legal action has forced cities to switch to council districts, but in some cases the move hasn’t resulted in more minority representation because the city already is   and drawing districts where minorities predominate is difficult. Shenkman told the Times that he had filed about ten lawsuits  —   and that, in the newspaper’s words, he “couldn’t remember how many warning letters he has sent to local governments. ” That campaign has upended local government in Southern California, and divided communities by race in ways that may linger for generations, but it has achieved almost nothing else  —   except making Kevin Shenkman richer. There are only two ways to stop Shenkman. One is to meet his challenge in court. Since 2013, the legal landscape has changed: the Supreme Court tossed part of the federal Voting Rights Act in 2013, in Shelby County v. Holder. In doing so, the Court emphasized the importance of evidence in determining whether there is racial discrimination in any particular jurisdiction. The Court could, theoretically, toss out the California Voting Rights Act for vagueness, since its evidentiary standards are so low that it allows virtually any candidate to challenge an election loss as racist. Given the wide impact of the CVRA across the state over the last few years, the Court might have also a greater interest in hearing a challenge than it did a decade ago. The confirmation of Justice Neil Gorsuch might also offer hope to defendants. But realistically, few local communities have the money to gamble on a Supreme Court win. That leaves one last recourse: the state legislature. The communities of Southern California could approach their elected representatives, Democrat and Republican, and ask them to amend the CVRA to require higher standards of proof of racism, or at least to remove the monetary incentives that reward lawyers like Shenkman for their exploits. On most issues, Democrats in Sacramento might not be inclined to listen to conservative cities in the Inland Empire or San Diego County. But Shenkman is pursuing liberal Santa Monica, too. There could be bipartisan interest in protecting local government from outside lawyers who can squeeze taxpayers with arguably frivolous lawsuits. Until then, Shenkman will keep going. As he said in 2013: “The law is the law. ” Shenkman did not reply to requests for comment. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak. This article has been updated to include a reference to state and local campaign contributions.",0
12953,Anti-Trump Protester Holds Reprehensible Sign about Melania – TruthFeed,"Anti-Trump Protester Holds Reprehensible Sign about Melania Anti-Trump Protester Holds Reprehensible Sign about Melania Culture By TruthFeedNews November 13, 2016 
Want to see exactly how reprehensible the moral character of Anti-Trump protesters is? 
Take a look at what this Hillary Supporter has on his sign. 
“Rape Melania” 
Police, please arrest this worthless scumbag and lock him up. 
Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
12954,U.S. Elections “November Chaos”: What You’re Not Being Told,"The FBI’s October surprise has thrown the 2016 election into November chaos. But an examination of the trigger mechanism behind this event reveals a deeper layer of manipulation by the media and financial interests behind the election. This is the GRTV Backgrounder with your host James Corbett. This report also includes an Interview with Prof. Michel Chossudovsky.

Visit GlobalResearch.ca 
Visit CorbettReport.com Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Activist Post of www.activistpost.com . ",0
12955,CNN’s Stelter: Flynn ’A Big Moment for Investigative Journalism’ - Breitbart,".@brianstelter: Good journalism led to the revelations about Flynn that resulted in his resignation https:  .  On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day,” CNN Senior Media Correspondent and “Reliable Sources” host Brian Stelter said the controversy that led to the resignation of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was “a big moment for investigative journalism. ”  Stelter said, “These journalists who did not ask about Flynn, they looked bad yesterday afternoon, they look even worse now, now that Flynn has resigned. ” He added, “And, by the way, a big moment for investigative journalism. This has been a story led by the Washington Post, the New York Times, the CNNs of the world. If it weren’t for journalists digging, digging, digging into this, we wouldn’t know about it. So, when you hear about anonymous sources, when you hear about leaks from the White House, or from the government, this is why that’s so important for us. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
12956,Obama Attacks FBI Chief for Investigating Hillary,"Obama Attacks FBI Chief for Investigating Hillary November 2, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Richard Nixon called. He wants his old job back. There hasn't been a president and a party who were this blatantly corrupt ever. There's no question that Obama has made history. It's just the wrong kind of history. 
Initially the White House chose not to join Hillary's war on the FBI. Then Obama threw all caution to the winds and decided to echo the spin chamber's lines about ""innuendo"" and ""incomplete information"". Never mind that it was Obama's own DOJ which was blocking FBI efforts to secure the emails and resolve the issue. 
It's a sad day in America when the White House actively seeks to obstruct and intimidate an FBI investigation and when the media cheers on this brand of corrupt thuggery.",0
12957,This letter from Manchester City Council is a strong contender for facepalm of the year,"Next Swipe left/right This letter from Manchester City Council is a strong contender for facepalm of the year Someone at Manchester City Council might need to a) Google the term “Hellenic” and b) use a spellchecker. Manchester City Council sent this piece of beauty to someone recently: pic.twitter.com/w5jwlpZHbF 
— George Zacharopoulos (@GreekGeordie) November 1, 2016",0
12958,“Honor Our Immigrant Veterans” Replayed,"‹ › Arnaldo Rodgers is a trained and educated Psychologist. He has worked as a community organizer and activist. “Honor Our Immigrant Veterans” Replayed By Arnaldo Rodgers on November 8, 2016 Veterans By elizawhig 
“Honor Our Immigrant Veterans” from VoteVets is a video on Youtube I tripped over recently, and have watched several times. It is that good. Another Kossack may have already posted it, but I would like to get it some play. Not because I think it will change any voter’s mind, but because it deserves to be seen to remind us of who we are as Americans. We are all immigrants or the children of immigrants, and we and our relatives and grandparents have had to make tough choices that deserve to be remembered. 
I had an uncle (by marriage) who was Italian. In 1940 he was still not a US citizen, although I gather he had begun the process, so he was sent to an internment camp in Wyoming (or Montana?). While he waited for his citizenship application to be completed, he and his fellow detainees played a lot of poker. His papers were finally processed, he was made a US Citizen, then was promptly drafted into the US Army as a Sargent (Supply). And of course he was sent to…Italy. His division survived Anzio, then my uncle came into his glory. His father was someone of importance further north, so he had connections. He was able to secure excellent billets (in a castle) and good food and drink for his comrades. 
Read the Full Article at www.dailykos.com >>>> 
Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VNN, VNN authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. Notices Posted by Arnaldo Rodgers on November 8, 2016, With 0 Reads, Filed under Veterans . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can leave a response or trackback to this entry FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
12959,Top U.S. Commander: Iran’s Heightened Threat Since Nuclear Deal May Require Military Action,"WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   The U. S. needs to consider military action to disrupt Iran’s malign activities in the Middle East, North Africa, and South Asia, which have intensified since the Islamic Republic signed a nuclear deal with world powers in 2015, a top American commander warned American lawmakers. [Former President Barack Obama and other supporters of the nuclear deal argued that it would promote peace and avoid military confrontation.  Gen. Joseph Votel, the head of U. S. Central Command (CENTCOM) testified Wednesday before the House Armed Services Committee about the security challenges facing his area of responsibility (AOR).  The Central Region, or CENTCOM AOR, spans more than 4 million square miles that cover 20 predominantly Muslim nations that stretch from Northeast Africa across the Middle East to Central and South Asia. In his written testimony, Gen. Votel declared: Iran poses the most significant threat to the Central Region and to our national interests and the interests of our partners and allies. We have not seen any improvement in Iran’s behavior since the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) addressing Iran’s nuclear program, was finalized in July 2015. Over the past year, after the nuclear deal was signed, the U. S. military has been dealing with Iran and its proxies carrying out “a range of malign activities” in the Central Region, namely in “Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen, Egypt, the Sinai, and the    Strait [located between Yemen and Djibouti and Eritrea] and in other parts of our area of responsibility,” declared Gen. Votel. Democrat Congresswoman Jacky Rosen from Nevada asked the top U. S. general during the hearing, “Do you believe Iran has increased destabilizing activity since the JCPOA?” “I do believe they have,” responded Gen. Votel, adding in his written remarks: Unfortunately, the [nuclear] agreement has led some to believe that we have largely addressed the Iranian problem set and that is not the case. In addition to its nuclear weapons potential, Iran presents several credible threats. They have a robust theater ballistic missile program, and we remain concerned about their cyber and maritime activities, as well as the activities of Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps  —   Qods Forces ( ) and their network of affiliates, [including their   proxy Hezbollah]. Since the nuclear agreement was signed, Iran has been “clearly focused” on expanding its influence and power in the Central Region, noted Votel. “Recognizing that Iran poses the greatest   threat to U. S. interests in the Central Region, we must seize opportunities to both reassure our allies and shape Iran’s behavior,” he pointed out, adding, “Through both messaging and actions, we must also be clear in our communications and ensure the credibility of U. S. intentions. ” To disrupt Iran’s growing threat, the U. S. must consider military action and other ways, proclaimed Gen. Votel. “I’ve had an opportunity to talk with some of our regional partners about it,” he said. “I think we need to look at opportunities where we can disrupt through military means or other means, their activities. ” “In addition to ready military actions, we must support the broader USG [U. S. Government] strategy with regard to Iran which should include new diplomatic initiatives that provide Iran with viable alternatives to its present course,” he conceded. The U. S. general did stress that Iran must be aware that there will be consequences if it continues its malign and provocative activities. “The point that I would emphasize to you is that while there may be other more strategic or consequential threats or regions in our world, today, the central region has come to represent the nexus for many of the security challenges our nation faces,” warned the CENTCOM commander. “Most importantly, the threats in this region continue to pose the most direct threat to the U. S. homeland and the global economy. Thus it must remain a priority and be resourced accordingly,” added Gen. Votel. The   region is home to the largest concentration of U. S. and United   terrorist groups  —   13 in Afghanistan and seven in Pakistan, according to the U. S. military. Moreover, “the Middle East remains the global epicenter of terrorism and violent Islamist extremism,” wrote Gen. Votel. Citing the Institute for Economics and Peace’s 2016 Global Terrorism Index, he testified that “the U. S. Central Command (USCENTCOM) AOR accounted for 78% of all terrorism incidents worldwide. ”",0
12960,"Conway to Biden: Thanks, Your ’Failed Policies’ Allowed Us to Usher in the Trump Era - Breitbart","Friday on Fox News Channel’s, “The O’Reilly Factor,”    Donald Trump’s adviser Kellyanne Conway reacted to Vice President Joe Biden telling Trump to “grow up. Time to be an adult. You’re president. ”  According to Conway, it was Trump’s policies that made it possible for Trump to be president. Conway said, “It’s really disappointing to hear the vice president speak that way, not surprising. To what is he referring, the fact that his Democratic party under his watch, he’s been the number two guy in the country and in the Democratic Party, they lost over 1, 000 state legislative seats, they lost over a dozen governorships, a dozen senators, they lost 68 House seats since he got there.  They lost the election in 2010, 2014, 2016. In large part because of the policies he supports like the awful unaffordable, inaccessible care act, Obamacare. ” “Like these draconian taxes and regulations on small businesses and the rest of us, like all these bad trade deals that never benefited American workers,” she continued. “And Donald Trump who came in  —   without Joe Biden and Barack Obama, there may have never been a president Trump and a Vice President Mike Pence. So I’d like to say to the vice president, thanks for the  . We’ll ignore the insults and the slights. We very much appreciate all the failed policies that allowed us to usher in a new era of hopefulness and buoyancy, fresh blood and excitement in this administration. You’re now going to see president Donald Trump, very quickly, deliver and perform and be accountable to results like as he has always done in his wildly successful business. It’s gong to be a brand new, not just the tone but the content, in Washington. ”",0
12961,What to Do About ‘Fake News’,"What to Do About ‘Fake News’ November 18, 2016 
Exclusive: A pushback is coming to the Internet’s success in giving the world access to diverse opinions and dissenting information. Politicians, mainstream media and technology giants are taking aim at what they call “fake news,” reports Robert Parry. 
By Robert Parry 
In the wake of Donald Trump’s victory, a hot new issue – raised by President Obama in an international setting on Thursday and touted on The New York Times’ front page on Friday – is the problem of “fake news” being disseminated on the Internet. 
Major Internet companies, such as Google and Facebook, are being urged to censor such articles and to punish alleged violators. Also, teams of supposedly “responsible” news providers and technology giants are being assembled to police this alleged problem and decide what is true and what is not. President Obama in the Oval Office. 
But therein lies the more serious problem: who gets to decide what is real and what is not real? And – in an age when all sides propagate propaganda – when does conformity in support of a mainstream “truth” become censorship of reasonable skepticism? 
As a journalist for more than four decades, I take seriously the profession’s responsibility to verify information as much as possible before publishing it – and as editor of Consortiumnews.com, I insist that our writers (and to the extent possible, outside commenters) back up what they say. 
I personally hate “conspiracy theories” in which people speculate about a topic without real evidence and often in defiance of actual evidence. I believe in traditional journalistic standards of cross-checking data and applying common sense. 
So, I am surely no fan of Internet hoaxes and baseless accusations. Yet, I also recognize that mainstream U.S. news outlets have made horrendous and wholesale factual errors, too, such as reporting in 2002-03 that Iraq had reconstituted its nuclear weapons program (The New York Times) and was hiding stockpiles of WMD (many TV and print outlets, including The Washington Post). 
And, mainstream outlets getting such life-and-death stories wrong was not just a one-off affair around the Iraq invasion. At least since the 1980s, The New York Times has misreported or glossed over many international issues that put the United States and its allies in a negative light. 
For instance, the Times not only missed the Nicaraguan Contra cocaine scandal , but actively covered up the Reagan administration’s role in the wrongdoing through the 1980s and much of the 1990s. 
The Times lagged badly, too, on investigating the secret operations that became known as the Iran-Contra Affair. The Times’ gullibility in the face of official denials was an obstacle for those of us digging into that constitutional crisis and other abuses by the Reagan administration. [For more on this topic, see Consortiumnews.com’s “ New York Times: Apologist for Power .”] 
In that same era, The Washington Post performed no better. Leonard Downie, its executive editor at the time of the Contra-cocaine scandal, has continued to reject the reality of Ronald Reagan’s beloved Contras trafficking in cocaine despite the 1998 findings of CIA Inspector General Frederick Hitz that, in fact, many Contras were neck-deep in the cocaine trade and the Reagan administration covered up their criminality for geopolitical reasons. 
More recently, during the mad dash to invade Iraq in 2002-03, the Post’s editorial-page editor Fred Hiatt wrote repeatedly as flat fact that Iraq was hiding WMD and mocked the few dissenting voices that challenged the “group think.” 
Yet, Hiatt suffered no accountability for his falsehoods and is still the Post’s editorial-page editor, still peddling dubious examples of Washington’s conventional wisdom . 
Ministry of Truth 
So, who are the “responsible” journalists who should be anointed to regulate what the world’s public gets to see and hear? For that Orwellian task, a kind of Ministry of Truth has been set up by Google, called the First Draft Coalition , which touts itself as a collection of 30 major news and technology companies , including the Times and Post, tackling “fake news” and creating a platform to decide which stories are questionable and which ones aren’t. Correspondent Michael Usher of Australia’s “60 Minutes” claims to have found the billboard visible in a video of a BUK missile launcher after the shoot-down of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 on July 17, 2014, but the scenes actually don’t match up at all. (Screen shot from Australia’s “60 Minutes”) 
Formed in June 2015 and funded by Google News Lab, the First Draft Coalition’s founding members included Bellingcat, an online “citizen journalism” site that has gotten many of its highest profile stories wrong and is now associated with NATO’s favorite think tank, the Atlantic Council. 
Despite Bellingcat’s checkered record and its conflicts of interest through the Atlantic Council, major Western news outlets, including the Times and Post, have embraced Bellingcat, apparently because its articles always seem to mesh neatly with U.S. and European propaganda on Syria and Ukraine. 
Two of Bellingcat’s (or its founder Eliot Higgins’s) biggest errors were misplacing the firing location of the suspected Syrian rocket carrying sarin gas on Aug. 21, 2013, and directing an Australian news crew to the wrong site for the so-called getaway Buk video after the July 17, 2014 shoot-down of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. A screen shot of the roadway where the suspected BUK missile battery supposedly passed after the shoot-down of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 on July 17, 2014. (Image from Australian “60 Minutes” program) 
But like many news outlets that support establishment “group thinks,” Bellingcat wins widespread praise and official endorsements, such as from the international MH-17 investigation that was largely controlled by Ukraine’s unsavory intelligence agency, the SBU and that accepted Bellingcat’s dubious MH-17 evidence blaming the Russians . 
If such a Ministry of Truth had existed in the mid-1980s, it might well have denounced the investigative reporting on the Contra-cocaine scandal since that was initially deemed untrue. And if “Minitrue” were around in 2002-03, it almost surely would have decried the handful of people who were warning against the “group think” on Iraq’s WMD. 
Power and Reality 
While it’s undeniable that some false or dubious stories get pushed during the heat of a political campaign and in wartime – and journalists have a role in fact-checking as best they can – there is potentially a greater danger when media insiders arrogate to themselves the power to dismiss contrary evidence as unacceptable, especially given their own history of publishing stories that turned out to be dubious if not entirely false. 
It’s even more dangerous when these self-appointed arbiters of truth combine forces with powerful Internet search engines and social media companies to essentially silence dissenting opinions and contrary facts by making them very difficult for the public to locate. 
Arguably even worse is when politicians – whether President-elect Donald Trump or Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan or President Obama – get into the business of judging what is true and what is false. 
On Thursday, an impassioned President Obama voiced his annoyance with “fake news” twice in his joint news conference in Berlin with German Chancellor Angela Merkel — “because in an age where there’s so much active misinformation and it’s packaged very well and it looks the same when you see it on a Facebook page or you turn on your television. … If everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are made, then we won’t know what to protect.” 
Let that phrase sink in for a moment: “We won’t know what to protect”? Is President Obama suggesting that it is the U.S. government’s role to “protect” certain information and, by implication, leave contrary information “unprotected,” i.e. open to censorship? 
On Friday, a New York Times front-page article took Facebook to task, in particular, writing: “for years, the social network did little to clamp down on the false news.” 
The Times added, in a complimentary way, “Now Facebook, Google and others have begun to take steps to curb the trend, but some outside the United States say the move is too late.” 
Info-War 
This new alarm about “fake news” comes amid the U.S. government’s “information war” against Russia regarding the Syrian and Ukraine conflicts. Obama’s State Department insists that it is presenting the truth about these conflicts while Russia’s RT channel is a fount of disinformation. Yet, the State Department’s propaganda officials have frequently made false or unsupported claims themselves. Ukraine’s (now-former) Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk 
On Wednesday, there was the unseemly scene of State Department spokesman John Kirby refusing to answer reasonable questions from a Russian journalist affiliated with RT. 
The RT journalist asked Kirby to identify the hospitals and clinics in Syria that he was claiming had been hit by Russian and Syrian airstrikes. You might assume that a truth-teller would have welcomed the opportunity to provide more details that could then be checked and verified. 
But instead Kirby berated the RT journalist and tried to turn the rest of the State Department press corps against her. 
QUESTION: Don’t you think it is important to give a specific list of hospitals that you’re accusing Russia of hitting? Those are grave accusations. 
KIRBY: I’m not making those accusations. I’m telling you we’ve seen reports from credible aid organizations that five hospitals and a clinic — 
QUESTION: Which hospital — 
KIRBY: At least one clinic — 
QUESTION: In what cities at least? 
KIRBY: You can go look at the information that many of the Syrian relief agencies are putting out there publicly. We’re getting our information from them too. These reports — 
QUESTION: But you are citing those reports without giving any specifics. 
KIRBY: Because we believe these agencies are credible and because we have other sources of information that back up what we’re seeing from some of these reports. And you know what? Why don’t [you] ask … Here’s a good question. Why don’t you ask your defense ministry … what they’re doing and see if you can get…” 
QUESTION: If you give a specific list — 
KIRBY: No, no, no, no, no, no, no. 
QUESTION: If you give a specific list of hospitals — 
KIRBY: No, no, no. 
QUESTION: My colleagues who are listening hopefully would be able to go and ask Russian officials about a specific list of hospitals that you’re accusing Russia of …” 
KIRBY: You work for Russia Today, right? Isn’t that your agency? 
QUESTION: That is correct. Yes. 
KIRBY: And so why shouldn’t you ask your government the same kinds of questions that you’re standing here asking me? Ask them about their military activities. Get them to tell you what they’re – or to deny what they’re doing. 
QUESTION: When I ask for specifics, it seems your response is why are you here? Well, you are leveling that accusation. 
KIRBY: No, ma’am. 
QUESTION: And if you give specifics, my colleagues would be able to ask 
Russian officials. 
As Kirby continued to berate the RT journalist and stonewall her request for specifics, an American reporter intervened and objected to Kirby’s use of the phrase “‘your defense minister’ and things like that. I mean, she’s a journalist just like the rest of are, so it’s – she’s asking pointed questions, but they’re not …” 
Kirby then insisted that since RT was “a state-owned” outlet that its journalists should not be put “on the same level with the rest of you who are representing independent media outlets.” (But the reality is that Voice of America, BBC and many other Western outlets are financed by governments or have ideological benefactors.) 
Public Diplomacy 
Kirby’s hostility toward legitimate questions being raised about U.S. or U.S.-allied assertions has become typical of Obama’s State Department, which doesn’t seem to want any challenges to its presentation of reality. A screen shot of U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs Victoria Nuland speaking to U.S. and Ukrainian business leaders on Dec. 13, 2013, at an event sponsored by Chevron, with its logo to Nuland’s left. 
For instance, during the early phase of the Ukraine crisis in 2014, Secretary of State John Kerry called RT a “propaganda bullhorn” and Richard Stengel, Undersecretary of State for Public Diplomacy, issued a “DipNote” saying RT should be ostracized as a source of disinformation. 
But Stengel’s complaint revealed a stunning ignorance about the circumstances surrounding the February 2014 putsch that overthrew Ukraine’s elected President Viktor Yanukovych. 
For instance, Stengel cited RT’s “ludicrous assertion” about the U.S. investing $5 billion to promote “regime change” in Ukraine. Stengel apparently wasn’t aware that Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs Victoria Nuland had cited the $5 billion figure in support of Ukraine’s “European aspirations” during a public speech to U.S. and Ukrainian business leaders on Dec. 13, 2013. 
At the time, Nuland was a leading proponent of “regime change” in Ukraine, personally cheering on the Maidan demonstrators and even passing out cookies. In an intercepted, obscenity-laced phone call with U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Geoffrey Pyatt, Nuland said her choice to lead Ukraine was Arseniy “Yats is the guy” Yatsenyuk, who ended up as Prime Minister after the coup. 
So, was Stengel a purveyor of “fake news” when he was accusing RT of disseminating fake news or was he just assembling some propaganda points for his underlings to repeat to a gullible Western news media. Or was he just ill-informed? 
Both democracy and journalism can be messy businesses – and credibility is something that must be earned over time by building a reputation for reliability. There is no “gold seal” from the Establishment that makes you trustworthy. 
It’s simply important to do one’s best to inform the American people and the world’s public as accurately as possible. Awarding trust is best left to individual readers who must be the ultimate judges of what’s real and what’s fake. 
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America’s Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com ).",0
12962,"As Donald Trump Falters, Democrats Plan to Press Fight for Supreme Court - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Emboldened by their electoral prospects in November, Democrats are planning to redouble their efforts to make the fate of the Supreme Court a signature election issue, with the Democratic leader in the Senate threatening to stall Republican legislative priorities if no action is taken on the confirmation of Judge Merrick B. Garland. The Senate has been stuck in a stalemate since the death of Justice Antonin Scalia in February left a vacancy on the bench. Republicans have refused to hold confirmation hearings on President Obama’s nominee, insisting that the next president should make the choice. But with Donald J. Trump’s poll numbers sliding, the Democratic leadership sees an opening to derail Republicans who are facing   by blaming them for the delay. “We’re not going to back off,” Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the Democratic minority leader, said in an interview this week. “There will be things we are going to do to draw more attention to this. ” He predicted that the Republican presidential nominee’s prospects would decline further by next month, adding, “By then, they are going to have to look for some way to break from Donald Trump. ” Republicans find themselves in a precarious position on the issue. After insisting that voters should be allowed a voice on Judge Garland’s fate through the election of Mr. Obama’s successor, their nominee is now faltering and the Republican Senate majority is now in doubt. Adding to the pressure on Republicans to act is speculation that Hillary Clinton, if elected, could nominate someone who is more liberal than Judge Garland. Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican majority leader, has been adamant that Mr. Obama not be allowed to name a Supreme Court justice in his last year in office  —   a position he took when a Republican appeared more likely to win the White House. Reversing himself now would invite accusations that his position was based on politics, not principles, all along. Mr. Reid would not say what kinds of procedural moves Democrats might employ to pressure Republicans when Congress reconvenes in early September, but he suggested that there were plenty of options to stop up the Senate’s business, including some that Republicans have used. “They’ve blocked all legislation, they’ve blocked nominations, they’ve filibustered all kinds of things,” Mr. Reid said. “We haven’t done that, but it doesn’t mean we can’t do it when we come back. ” But time will be limited: Lawmakers will have just over a month to address issues such as a Zika funding bill, a stopgap measure to keep the government open and an annual defense policy bill before many of them return to the campaign trail in early October. Democrats have tried to drum up outrage around the court vacancy before, only to have attention fizzle under the glare of the presidential election and debates about trade, terrorism and immigration. White House officials said the president and his advisers would continue to make a public case for Judge Garland’s confirmation. Mr. Obama wrote an   in The Wall Street Journal on the subject in July, and aides said the president would push the issue even as he campaigns for Mrs. Clinton. “As soon as Republicans are ready to be done with their historic obstruction, we stand ready for a hearing and a vote,” said Brandi Hoffine, a White House spokeswoman. In addition, a coalition of liberal interest groups will continue to demand a hearing for Judge Garland from the handful of Republican senators who face tough   fights this year. The hope is that the senators will feel pressure from their constituents and, in turn, urge Mr. McConnell to allow the nomination to proceed. But Mr. Obama’s Democratic allies concede that the message about Mr. Garland is being swamped by the presidential race, and that it has become only one small part of the campaign against the Republicans. Many now believe that Mr. Garland’s confirmation will not be resolved until after the election. Another obstacle is a lack of enthusiasm for Judge Garland among the Democratic Party’s progressive base. Adam Green, a   of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, said that he was hopeful that Republicans would continue to block Judge Garland’s confirmation before the election and in the   period. With Mrs. Clinton’s improved prospects of winning, he said he hoped she would pick someone more liberal. “Garland was the most conservative pick a Democratic president could have made,” Mr. Green said. Neil Sroka, the communications director at Democracy for America, agreed, arguing that the party’s base is not excited about adding a moderate, white man to the court. “If Secretary Clinton wins the White House,” Mr. Sroka said, “she should absolutely swing for the fences. ” For her part, Mrs. Clinton has praised Judge Garland’s qualifications as a jurist and argued that Republicans should confirm him now, but she has avoided questions about whether she would renominate him if she wins. Some have speculated that she could nominate someone who is more liberal than Judge Garland, while others suggested she might stick with him to avoid a fight with Republicans. Asked this month if Judge Garland should be confirmed in the   period if Mrs. Clinton wins, Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, her running mate, demurred but said he would vote for him if given the chance. “This will be for the president and the   to decide,” Mr. Kaine said on NBC’s “Meet the Press. ” “But look, if it comes up for a vote in the Senate, Merrick Garland gets so far over the hurdle of the fitness and character test that is supposed to be the legitimate question for nominees, of course I’d vote for him. ” Legal experts continue to consider different situations, such as a recess appointment by Mr. Obama or the possibility that he could renominate Judge Garland when the new Congress takes over in January before he departs. A vote in the   period, however, appears to be the most realistic possibility. “If Hillary Clinton were to prevail, I think the odds are pretty good that Garland would be confirmed in lame duck,” said David B. Rivkin Jr. a constitutional litigator who worked in the administrations of Ronald Reagan and George Bush. Mr. Rivkin said Judge Garland should be a relatively palatable pick for Republicans. Despite Mr. Trump’s recent controversies and his slip in national and state polls, the Republican leadership is still holding firm that confirmation hearings will not happen this year regardless of the outcome of the presidential election. “No, we’re not going to confirm Garland this year,” Mr. McConnell told a Kentucky television station this week. “Whoever the next president is will get to make that appointment. ” Mr. McConnell said that he would stick to that position, even if it meant Mrs. Clinton picking a more liberal judge. “I think the next president will have been chosen by the American people to make this appointment, and we have to live with whoever is ultimately chosen,” he said. But some Senate Republicans have expressed a desire for more flexibility. Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona said in June that he thought a vote should be allowed if it appears that Mr. Trump is going to lose the election. Senator Susan Collins of Maine and Senator Mark S. Kirk of Illinois have also said that hearings should move forward. Mr. Reid predicts that such sentiment will become more common if Mr. Trump proves to be a drag on other candidates on the ballot and if he continues to make missteps. He said that Mr. McConnell’s intransigence was improving the chances for Democratic candidates in Florida, Illinois, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, and that he expected Democrats to retake control of the Senate. “If they have this death wish, and that’s what it is,” Mr. Reid said, “they are going to end up losing really, really big. ”",0
12963,"Trump Isn’t Wrong on China Currency Manipulation, Just Late - The New York Times","Has the United States mismanaged the ascent of China? By April 15, the Treasury Department is required to present to Congress a report on the exchange rate policies of the country’s major trading partners, intended to identify manipulators that cheapen their currency to make their exports more attractive and gain market share in the United States, a designation that could eventually lead to retaliation. It would be hard, these days, to find an economist who feels China fits the bill. Under a trade law passed in 2015, a country must meet three criteria: It would have to have a “material” trade surplus with the rest of the world, have a “significant” surplus with the United States, and intervene persistently in foreign exchange markets to push its currency in one direction. While China’s surplus with the United States is pretty big  —   almost $350 billion  —   its global surplus is modest, at 2. 4 percent of its gross domestic product last year. Most significant, it has been pushing its currency up, not down. Since the middle of 2014 it has sold over $1 trillion from its reserves to prop up the renminbi, under pressure from capital flight by Chinese companies and savers. Even President Trump  —   who as a candidate promised to label China a currency manipulator on Day 1 and put a 45 percent tariff on imports of Chinese goods  —   seems to be backing away from broad, immediate retaliation. And yet the temptation remains. “When you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations,” the Chinese “are world champions,” Mr. Trump told The Financial Times, ahead of the state visit of the Chinese leader, Xi Jinping, to the United States last week. For all Mr. Trump’s random impulsiveness and bluster  —   and despite his lack of a coherent strategy to engage with what is likely soon to become the world’s biggest economy  —   he is not entirely alone with his views. Many learned economists and policy experts ruefully acknowledge that the president’s intuition is broadly right: While labeling China a currency manipulator now would look ridiculous, the United States should have done it a long time ago. “With the benefit of hindsight, China should have been named,” said Brad Setser, an expert on international economics and finance who worked in the Obama administration and is now at the Council on Foreign Relations. There were reasonable arguments against putting China on the spot and starting a process that could eventually lead to American retaliation. Yet by not pushing back against China’s currency manipulation, and allowing China to deploy an arsenal of trade tactics of dubious legality to increase exports to the United States, successive administrations  —   Republican and Democratic  —   arguably contributed to the economic dislocations that pummeled so many American workers over more than a decade. Those dislocations helped propel Mr. Trump to power. From 2000 to 2014 China definitely suppressed the rise of the renminbi to maintain a competitive advantage for its exports, buying dollars hand over fist and adding $4 trillion to its foreign reserves over the period. Until 2005, the Chinese government kept the renminbi pegged to the dollar, following it down as the greenback slid against other major currencies starting in 2003. American multinationals were flocking into China, taking advantage of its entry into the World Trade Organization in December 2001, which guaranteed access to the American and other world markets for its exports. By 2007, China’s broad trade surplus hit 10 percent of its gross domestic product  —   an   imbalance for an economy this large. And its surplus with the United States amounted to a full third of the American deficit with the world. Though the requirement that the Treasury identify currency manipulators “gaining unfair competitive advantage in international trade” dates back to the Omnibus Trade and Competitiveness Act of 1988, China was never called out. There were good reasons. Or at least they seemed so at the time. For one, China hands in the administration of George W. Bush argued that putting China on the spot would make negotiations more difficult, because even Chinese leaders who understood the need to allow their currency to rise could not be seen to bow to American pressure. Labeling China a manipulator could have severely hindered progress in other areas of a complex bilateral economic relationship. And the United States had bigger fish to fry. “There were other dimensions of China’s economic policies that were seen as more important to U. S. economic and business interests,” Eswar Prasad, who headed the China desk at the International Monetary Fund and is now a professor at Cornell, told me. These included “greater market access, better intellectual property rights protection, easier access to investment opportunities, etc. ” At the end of the day, economists argued at the time, Chinese exchange rate policies didn’t cost the United States much. After all, in 2007 the United States was operating at full employment. The trade deficit was because of Americans’ dismal savings rate and supercharged consumption, not a cheap renminbi. After all, if Americans wanted to consume more than they created, they had to get it somewhere. And the United States had a stake in China’s rise. A crucial strategic goal of American foreign policy since Mao’s death had been how to peacefully incorporate China into the existing order of   economies, bound by international law into the fabric of the postwar multilateral institutions. And the strategy even worked  —   a little bit. China did allow its currency to rise a little from 2005 to 2008. And when the financial crisis hit, it took the foot off the export pedal and deployed a giant fiscal stimulus, which bolstered internal demand. Yet though these arguments may all be true, they omitted an important consideration: The overhaul of the world economy imposed by China’s global rise also created losers. In a set of influential papers that have come to inform the thinking about the United States’ relations with China, David Autor, Daron Acemoglu and Brendan Price from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Gordon Hanson from the University of California, San Diego and David Dorn from the University of Zurich concluded that lots of American workers, in many communities, suffered a blow from which they never recovered. Rising Chinese imports from 1999 to 2011 cost up to 2. 4 million American jobs, one paper estimated. Another found that sagging wages in local labor markets exposed to Chinese competition reduced earnings by $213 per adult per year. Economic theory posited that a developed country like the United States would adjust to import competition by moving workers into more advanced industries that competed successfully in global markets. In the real world of American workers exposed to the rush of imports after China erupted onto world markets, the adjustment didn’t happen. If mediocre job prospects and low wages didn’t stop American families from consuming, it was because the American financial system was flush with Chinese cash and willing to lend, financing their homes and refinancing them to buy the furniture. But that equilibrium didn’t end well either, did it? What it left was a lot of betrayed anger floating around among many Americans on the wrong end of these dynamics. “By not following the law, the administration sent a political signal that the U. S. wouldn’t stand up to Chinese cheating,” said Edward Alden, a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations. “As we can see now, that hurt in terms of maintaining political support for open trade. ” If there was a winner from this dynamic, it was Mr. Trump. Will Mr. Trump really go after China? In addition to an expected executive order to retaliate against the dumping of Chinese steel, he has promised more. He could tinker with the definitions of “material” and “significant” trade surpluses to justify a manipulation charge. And yet a charge of manipulation would add irony upon irony. “It would be incredibly ironic not to have named China a manipulator when it was manipulating, and name it when it is not,” Mr. Setser told me. And Mr. Trump would be retaliating against the economic dynamic that handed him the presidency.",0
12964,Twitter Searches For ’Racist’ and ’Hitler’ Return President Trump’s Profile - Breitbart,"Users across Twitter noticed recently that searches for the terms “racist” and “Hitler” return the profile of President Donald Trump. [Users began posting screenshots on Twitter recently showing that when they searched for terms such as “Hitler” or “racist” one of the first results returned by Twitter’s search engine is the profile of President Donald Trump. Alongside the President’s profile is that of a user literally named “Adolf Hitler. ”  @Sargon_of_Akkad @DaveTheMus @KekistanShops @polNewsNetwork1 @RepublicOfKek @Gavin_McInnes This happened when I searched ”Hitler.” pic. twitter.   —   Heat Speaker (@TheHeatSpeaker) March 25, 2017,  Breitbart recreated the search with similar results.  When searching for the term “racist,” similar results can be seen below, One user posted a screenshot that appeared to show Breitbart News official Twitter page listed under the search results for the term “fascist. ” @TheHeatSpeaker @Sargon_of_Akkad @DaveTheMus @KekistanShops @polNewsNetwork1 @RepublicOfKek @Gavin_McInnes lmao pic. twitter.   —   DatNoFact (@datnofact) March 25, 2017,  However, when attempting to recreate this, Breitbart did not find our own Twitter profile listed but did find the accounts of President Trump, Sean Spicer and Kellyanne Conway amongst the results.  Twitter has previously done little to curb direct threats of violence against the President or his family, allowing “Rape Melania” to trend on the site for hours. The website has also allowed as many as 12, 000 tweets calling for the assassination of President Trump. Twitter, which recently reported an extremely poor quarterly earnings report, has not responded to a request for comment on the results at this time. Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
