id,title,text,label
18537,THIRD-RATE ACTOR Who Called His 11-Yr Old Daughter A “Rude Thoughtless Pig” Defends Liberal Pig “ISIS Kathy” Who Attacked Trump’s 11-Year Old Son,"Listen:After creating a video that included a vile, beheaded bloody head of President Donald Trump, the not-so-funny comedian Kathy Griffin has watched her career falling apart. In true liberal form, Griffin is blaming Donald Trump and his children for destroying her life, even though much of the outrage from the Trump children and his wife Melania was over Griffin s stated goal of wanting to  beat down  Trump s 11-year old son Barron.  Even CNN and CNN s Anderson Cooper, who once considered himself a friend of Griffins  have alienated themselves from the ISIS inspired comedian.  No worries though, the man who loves to impersonate Donald Trump on SNL, and who berated his own 11-year old daughter, actor Alec Baldwin has Kathy Griffin s back.The 59-year-old actor, who played President Donald Trump on last season of  Saturday Night Live, took to Twitter on Friday to defend Griffin amid the backlash over her controversial photo shoot. Kathy .baby I ve been there,  Baldwin wrote before referencing his own political drama in 1998, when he joked about then-Representative Henry Hyde on Late Night with Conan O Brien. The whole Henry Hyde thing w Conan, where we bring out an oxygen mask at the end? A joke,  he recalled.  That s what I thought. That s what we intended. No one walked out of the studio and said,  No, we re serious!  No one. But all your gutless, weasels in the GOP insisted I actually threatened Hyde. They played the victim beautifully.   FOX NewsSorry Alec but when you start making jokes about our current president being beheaded and actually create visuals to make your point that s when you cross the line from humor to inhumanity. Not that we care, but you re not doing your flailing career any favors by defending ISIS Kathy.",0
18538,"PROACTIVE PRESIDENT TRUMP Just Took Huge Step To Make America Safe…While Democrats Are Determined To Make Us More Like France, UK","1[1pro-]:  relating to, caused by, or being interference between previous learning and the recall or performance of later learning proactive inhibition of memory2[2pro- + reactive]:  acting in anticipation of future problems, needs, or changesLate in the day on Thursday, the Trump administration asked the Supreme Court to let the revised travel ban take effect.The administration filed two emergency applications with the nine Court justices seeking to block two lower court rulings that blocked President Trump s executive order.In the filing, the Justice Department argued that the appeals court in Richmond, Va. made several mistakes in ruling against Trump s travel order.Sarah Isgur Flores, a Justice Department spokeswoman, said the ban is lawful.The Justice Department is  confident that President Trump s executive order is well within his lawful authority to keep the nation safe and protect our communities from terrorism,  Flores said.  The president is not required to admit people from countries that sponsor or shelter terrorism, until he determines that they can be properly vetted and do not pose a security risk to the United States. The order barred entry for people from six Muslim majority nations, including Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days while the U.S. implements stricter visa screenings.The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals called the national security concerns an after-the-fact justification for a policy that was  intended to bar Muslims from this country. Rights groups that have been fighting the policy in the courts said the justices should not allow the travel and refugee bans to take effect. Again and again, our nation s courts have found that President Trump s Muslim ban is unconstitutional. We will continue to defend our plaintiffs  right to live free from fear of discriminatory treatment by the federal government,  said Karen Tumlin, legal director of the National Immigration Law Center.  FOX News ",0
18539,FIRE THIS GUY! MUSLIM CNN HOST TWEETS Out Vile Response to President Trump’s Tweet After #LondonBridge Terror Attack,"REZA ASLAN is a CNN host who is a Muslim  religious scholar  who should be fired but probably won t be. He tweeted out a vile response to President Trump s tweet from the DRUDGE Report. He also called our President a  man baby  who should be ignored . What kind of jackwagon disrespects our President like this?Aslan first tweeted that he considers Trump a  man baby  who should be ignored. This is after our President scooped NBC when he retweeted the DRUDGE tweet that it was  feared  that another terror attack happened in London. NBC tweeted (see below) that they wouldn t retweet Trumps tweet. Ridiculous move by NBC that turned out to backfire on them.  The president is a man baby that must be ignored in times of crisis    CNN s  Religious Scholar  Reza Aslan  The next tweet from Aslan is the one getting the most press because of its hate and vulgar language:  This piece of shit is not just an embarrassment to America and a stain on the presidency. He s an embarrassment to humankind.    CNN s  Religious Scholar  Reza Aslan Does CNN condone this vile behavior from its hosts? We ll see if they do anything about this hateful man who is no journalist!More information on him reveals he s an Iranian-born CNN employee from his personal websiteREZA ASLAN is an internationally renowned writer, commentator, professor, producer, and scholar of religions. His books, including his #1 New York Times Bestseller, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth, have been translated into dozens of languages around the world. He is also a recipient of the prestigious James Joyce Award.In addition to his role as a Consulting Producer on the acclaimed HBO series The Leftovers, Aslan is also the host and Executive Producer of two other original television programs: Rough Draft with Reza Aslan (premiered on Ovation), and CNN s upcoming documentary series, Believer. He also served as an Executive Producer on the ABC drama, Of Kings and Prophets. His book Zealot has been optioned by Lionsgate and producer David Heyman with a script penned by Oscar nominated screenwriter, James Schamus.In 2006, Aslan co-founded BoomGen Studios the premiere entertainment brand for creative content from and about the Middle East which has provided an array of targeted services ranging from strategic messaging to grassroots marketing to publicity and social media outreach, to producers, studios, and filmmakers including Jon Stewart s Rosewater, Netflix s The Square, Disney s Aladdin on Broadway and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, The Weinstein Company s Miral, Discovery and TLC s All American Muslim, and National Geographic s Amreeka.Aslan s first book, International Bestseller No god but God: The Origins, Evolution, and Future of Islam, has been translated into seventeen languages, and was named one of the 100 most important books of the last decade by Blackwell Publishers. He is also the author of Beyond Fundamentalism: Confronting Religious Extremism in a Globalized Age (originally titled How to Win a Cosmic War), as well as editor of two volumes: Tablet and Pen: Literary Landscapes from the Modern Middle East, and Muslims and Jews in America: Commonalties, Contentions, and Complexities.Aslan s degrees include a Bachelor of Arts in Religious Studies from Santa Clara University (Major focus: New Testament; Minor: Greek), a Master of Theological Studies from Harvard University (Major focus: History of Religions), a PhD in the Sociology of Religions from the University of California, Santa Barbara, and a Master of Fine Arts from the University of Iowa, where he was named the Truman Capote Fellow in Fiction. An Adjunct Senior Fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations, he is also a member of the Los Angeles Institute for the Humanities and the Pacific Council on International Policy. He serves on the board of directors of the Ploughshares Fund, which gives grants for peace and security issues; Narrative Four, which connects people through the exchange of stories; PEN USA, which champions the rights of writers under siege around the world; the Los Angeles Review of Books, and the Levantine Cultural Center, which builds bridges between Americans and the Arab/Muslim world through the arts.Aslan is a tenured Professor of Creative Writing at the University of California, Riverside and serves on the board of trustees for the Chicago Theological Seminary and The Yale Humanist Community, which supports atheists, agnostics, and humanists at home and abroad. A member of the American Academy of Religions, the Society of Biblical Literature, and the International Qur anic Studies Association, Aslan s previous academic positions include the Wallerstein Distinguished Professor of Religion, Community and Conflict at Drew University in New Jersey (2012-2013), and Visiting Assistant Professor of Religion at the University of Iowa (2000-2003).Born in Iran, he lives in Los Angeles with his wife, author and entrepreneur, Jessica Jackley, and their three sons. ",0
18540,"#LondonBridge MUSLIM Men CAUGHT Laughing, Celebrating, Yelling “Allah Akbar” While Watching Aftermath Of Terror Attack From Vehicle [VIDEO]","Just another day in the holy month of Ramadan London is the scene of carnage again with another terror attack. A van plowed into pedestrians on London Bridge with reports of men jumping out of the van to stab random people. We re posting details as they come in from the UK. Several people have been killed and the latest update is that 5 armed terrorists are on the run in London.Meanwhile, a video has been posted on social media showing what appears to be Muslim men who have just witnessed  the London Bridge terror attack and are simply observers of a horrific terror attack against innocent people. You can hear them speaking in Arabic and saying something about 3 attacks, after which time you can hear one of them yell,  Allah Akbar! It s interesting to hear how the Muslim men in the vehicle respond to the murder of innocent people at the hands of Islamic  extremists . After watching this video, one has to wonder how exactly, we should go about differentiating between the  moderate  and  extremist  Muslims Muslims laughing and yelling Allah Ackbar in London after #LondonBridge attack pic.twitter.com/6XjlwwQqQ7  Tanya Tay   (@realTanyaTay) June 3, 2017",0
18541,“Peaceful” Muslims Scream: “THIS IS FOR ALLAH” After Driving Van 50 MPH Pedestrians…3 ARMED Terrorists On Run In Gun-Free London…Britain’s PM Calls It “Potential Act Of Terror” [VIDEO],"Just another day in the holy month of Ramadan London is the scene of carnage again with another terror attack. A van plowed into pedestrians on London Bridge with reports of men jumping out of the van to stab random people. We re posting details as they come in from the UK. The Muslim Mayor of London is too busy criticizing President Trump for taking measures to ensure the United States is not subjected to never-ending acts of terrorism to actually identify and work to solve the radical Muslim issue that is exploding in the UK.Meanwhile, President Trump has offered the help of the United States to the citizens of London and of the UK:Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there   WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 3, 2017Popular conservative talk show host Katie Hopkins thanks President Trump for taking the issue of Islamic terrorism seriously while hammering the Muslim Mayor of London:Thank you @realDonaldTrump. Please excuse Mr Khan't. The man who calls himself Mayor. pic.twitter.com/RwvbPVY92m  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) June 3, 2017UPDATE: MORE: UNCONFIRMED reports say at least 5 terrorists with weapons on the run in London, several killed, several injured.  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 2017UPDATE: Eyewitness on London Bridge tells the BBC: The 3 men exited the van with knives shouted ""This is for Allah"" before stabbing people  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 2017BREAKING NEWS: Many injured as car ploughs into people at London bridge.DEVELOPING pic.twitter.com/1fuoC5y652  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 2017Traffic cameras captures huge police activity near London bridge as police say it is still not under control. pic.twitter.com/0URXD0yvR2  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 2017UPDATE: Witness say he saw a van drive into pedestrians at London Bridge and 3 men carrying knives jump out and then attack people  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 2017BREAKING: Multiple people have been killed in the incidents in London, police say   BBC  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 20173 ARMED terrorists are reportedly on the run in gun-free London:MORE: At least three armed terrorists on the run in London.  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 2017Talk show host Katie Hopkins tells British citizens stop being complacent,  DEMAND ACTION! Do not let them tell you we stand united. Do not let them tell you we carry on as normal. Refuse to be lied to. DEMAND ACTION #LondonBridge  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) June 3, 2017Hopkins goes on to slam Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan who has been very vocal in his criticism of President Trump for wanted to do a better job of vetting refugees coming to America from terror hotbed nations: No, @SadiqKhan. We do not want to hear a single word from you. Not one word. London Bridge has fallen down on your watch, son #LondonBridge  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) June 3, 2017Katie Hopkins is furious .demands Britain gets a handle their radical Muslim issue:Britain does not stand united. Close the borders. Round up the watch list. Incarcerate the lot. ENOUGH #LondonBridge https://t.co/ZlVXZmmYnm  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) June 3, 2017UPDATE: Police now urgently telling crowd to leave the area around Monument Station, as reports of one Suspect inside the station  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 2017INFO: Train stations closed in London: London Bridge, Waterloo East, Charing Cross and Cannon Street due to ongoing incidents pic.twitter.com/LMlI9KdqGN  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 2017UPDATE: One suspect has been apprehended:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/871152269202522112Meanwhile Britain s Prime Minister Theresa May calls this a  potential act of terror! https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/871150568907169793 ",0
18542,ALARMING: NSA Refuses to Release Clinton-Lynch Tarmac Transcript with Lame Excuse,"If Clinton and Lynch just talked about grandkids then why is this such a top secret transcript? This is troubling because it portends to what we ve known all along Bill Clinton was meeting with Lynch to fight Hillary s battle. They won t reveal it because it would implicate so many people in government Are we right?A citizen researcher from Florida is attempting to have the recording of the infamous Bill Clinton/Loretta Lynch tarmac tape released to the public, but apparently, the National Security Agency claims they won t release it due to  national security. The man researching and seeking to have the tape released is Florida orthodontist Larry Kawa. You may remember him because of Judicial Watch s filing of a lawsuit on his behalf to obtain a week s worth of Hillary Clinton s emails regarding Benghazi.It s being reported now that the NSA has declared the recording of the conversation that took place between Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch in Phoenix, Arizona on June 27, 2016.Judicial Watch filed a Freedom of Information Act request in March of this year to obtain the following:Any and all records and/or transcripts of a meeting held between Attorney General Loretta lynch and former President Bill Clinton on June 28, 2016.Any and all records of communication sent to or from officials in the Office of the Attorney General regarding the meeting held between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton on June 28, 2016.Any and all records of communication sent to or from officials in the Office of the Deputy Attorney General regarding the meeting held between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton on June 28, 2016.Any and all references to the meeting held between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton contained in day planners, calendars and schedules in the Office of theAttorney General. This brings us to Kawa. In an article at Big League Politics, Patrick Howley writes:The National Security Agency (NSA) blocked the release of a purported tape of Bill Clinton and former Attorney General Loretta Lynch s private airplane talk with a rare legal justification used to protect top national security secrets.The NSA s block of the release of this information   citing one of President Obama s executive orders   undercuts Hillary Clinton s claim that her husband and Lynch had a  purely social  conversation about grandkids and golf on June 27, 2016, two weeks before Lynch dropped the Department of Justice investigation into Hillary Clinton s email scandal.Read more: Freedom Outpost",0
18543,"AMERICANS FURIOUS, Lash Out After Liberals Use Sacred WTC Site To Make Anti-Trump Statement","The One World Trade Center Twitter account announced they would be lighting the tower green  in solidarity with the #ParisAgreement #OneWTC will be lit green tonight in solidarity with the #ParisAgreement @OneWTC  One World Trade (@OneWTC) June 1, 2017Hundreds of people protested in Lower Manhattan and buildings were lit green in solidarity after President Trump declared Thursday that the U.S. is withdrawing from the landmark Paris climate agreement.About 400 protesters gathered at Foley Square after Trump s announcement. They held signs and chanted,  What do we want? Climate justice! When do we want it? Now! The crowd marched through the streets to nearby City Hall, where they pounded drums and chanted,  You can t drink oil, leave it in the soil! In a show of solidarity, Gov. Cuomo said One World Trade Center and the Kosciuszko Bridge would be lit green on Thursday night. Mayor de Blasio said City Hall would also light up green.  NBCNYWatch:One World Trade Center lights up green after President Trump ditches global climate agreement https://t.co/sCHSiqP25r pic.twitter.com/M8r66YYgNM  NBC New York (@NBCNewYork) June 2, 2017Twitter users responded to liberals and the liberal media who heralded the decision to use the WTC site to trash Trump. Kelly called the decision to use the WTC for international political purposes,  disgusting That is disgusting using The World Trade Center for international political purposes! That is AMERICAN sacred ground.  Kelly T (@ktellmemore) June 3, 2017Kelly T wasn t the only Twitter user who found the politicizing of the WTC site to be disgusting: World Trade Center people better get their act together blowout the green candle it's disgusting and if it was Blasio it makes worse.!  pic.twitter.com/m7zE3pUH5C  joseph e pintinalli (@1handputter) June 3, 2017Others were offended that One World Trade Center was being used as a  political pawn Disgusting the WTC is sacred ground of the USA not a political pawn  Michael (@mweis1964) June 3, 2017https://twitter.com/EntreAmis1000/status/870996745215295494Others mocked their hypocrisy, as they used large amounts of electricity to light the massive tower:So they lit the building up using electricity and expanding their carbon footprint?THAT WILL SHOW US!!  Meier Ben Avraham (@hebrewservative) June 2, 2017That makes sense show green and waste electricity  William Burrows (@wabr101) June 3, 2017",0
18544,SEWER WORKER DIES After Muslim Doctors REFUSE To Help Him,"Such a compassionate faith Bring an 8-year old girl in for a clitorectomy and watch how quickly they sharpen the knives A Pakistani sewer worker died Thursday after doctors refused to treat him due to the fact he was  unclean. Irfan Masih, 30, went unconscious while cleaning a manhole in the city of Umerkot. He was taken to the hospital where he suffocated to death in front of doctors who refused to treat him because he was covered in sewer sludge. The doctors refused to treat him because they were fasting and said my son was  napaak (unclean),  Irshad Masih, the sewer worker s mother, told Pakistan s Express Tribune.Muslims across the world are currently observing the holy month of Ramadan, which requires them to abstain from eating, drinking and sex during daylight hours, but treating the worker does not appear to fall under these rules. Muslim medical professionals across the world frequently work with patients in all sorts of conditions during the holy month. -Daily Caller",0
18545,PRO-TRUMP ROCKER #TedNugent Fires Back at Comparison to #KathyGriffin: “We’re talking apples and grenades”,"Ted Nugent isn t having it! He s being compared to Kathy Griffin by the left and he s had enough of it!We will never forget the night before the election at the very last rally for candidate Trump TED NUGENT WAS THERE AND PLAYED HIS HEART OUT!Conservative rocker Ted Nugent, who once told a concert crowd that Barack Obama should  suck on [his] machine gun,  says its unfair to compare him to embattled comedian Kathy Griffin.  There s no comparison whatsoever,  Mr. Nugent said during a radio interview Wednesday on  The Ben Ferguson Show,  The Washington Examiner reported.  We re talking apples and grenades here,  he said.  What Kathy Griffin did was downright vulgar, obscene, and a genuine variation of a death threat. I ve never threatened anybody.  Ms. Griffin is facing a wave of backlash for doing a graphic photo shoot holding a realistic mock severed head of President Trump. She has since apologized for the photos and had them removed, but lost her long-running New Year s Eve gig at CNN as a result. Despite his history of off-color comments, Mr. Nugent was invited to the White House in April for a dinner with Mr. Trump. Liberals in the media immediately compared Ms. Griffin s controversial stunt to Mr. Nugent s past comments, claiming there is a double standard.Mr. Nugent, who serves on the NRA s Board of Directors, reportedly told a concert crowd in 2007:  Obama, he s a piece of s . I told him to suck on my machine gun.  Speaking in 2012 at an NRA convention in St. Louis, he said,  We need to ride into that battlefield and chop their heads off in November.  And in January of last year, he called for both Mr. Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to  be tried for treason & hung. Via: WT",0
18546,“Comedian” Kathy Griffin’s 7th And FINAL Venue Cancels…Who’s Laughing Now?,"Venues in New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania and now California have all canceled their Kathy Griffin Celebrity Run-In shows. The Community Arts Theater in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, posted on its website that the show had been dropped  due to the recent controversy surrounding Kathy Griffin and the concern for the safety and security of our patrons and staff. Earlier this week, CNN said Griffin would no longer co-host its live New Year s Eve special from Times Square and another show was canceled at a New Mexico casino. An endorsement deal with Squatty Potty also ended.TMZ reported that 11-yr old Barron Trump saw the decapitated, bloodied head of his father while watching TV. That didn t stop the selfish liberal Kathy Griffin from attempting to make herself out to be a victim during her press conference where she made a desperate attempt to save her career. It was revealed yesterday that she admitted in December 2016 that she desired to harm both 11-year old Barron Trump and his father, President Donald Trump:It s a question a lot of comedians are asking themselves lately: What should comedy look like during the Trump presidency? Now more than ever we must absolutely go for all the absurdities,  Kathy Griffin told Vulture at the Equality Now Gala Tuesday night.  For me, that s Trump and all things Trump. It s not about trying to be an equal-opportunity offender anymore because Hillary got such a beat down. It s his turn. So I m happy to deliver beat down to Donald Trump   and also to Barron. You know a lot of comics are going to go hard for Donald, my edge is that I ll go direct for Barron. I m going to get in ahead of the game. ",0
18547,WASHED UP HOLLYWOOD LOSER Makes Embarrassing Video Bashing Trump Over Paris Climate Agreement,"Remember when people paid attention to Arnold Scwarzenegger s political opinions? Me neither The irrelevant former California Governor, washed up Hollywood actor and failed Apprentice host Arnold Schwarzenegger, made a video that took on President Trump, as he called for a  grassroots revolution  in the fight against phony global warming. Of course, Schwarzenegger was just doing his part, as he joins forces with Hollywood hacks to trash President Trump after he announced his plans to withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement.In the video below, the former governor and washed up Hollywood actor urged American citizens to  rise up  and save Planet Earth.BREAKING: Arnold Schwarzenegger has a blunt message for Donald Trump. #ParisAgreement pic.twitter.com/YI8fcxEeox  ATTN: (@attn) June 2, 2017Why would anyone expect a Hollywood liberal (who calls himself a Republican) to understand that the climate change agreement is nothing more than a boondoggle for taxpayers?",0
18548,NEW NORMAL? MASSIVE MUSIC FESTIVAL In Angela Merkel’s Islamic Migrant Nation Of Germany EVACUATED After “Concrete Terror Threat” [VIDEO],"In 2016, 2.14 million people moved to Germany in 2015   a 46 per cent increase from 2014.It should come as no surprise that less than one month after the horrific terror attack at the Ariana Grande concert in the UK, that one of the biggest music festivals in Germany has been shut down after a  concrete  terror threat.Rock am Ring was cancelled on its opening night and thousands of festival-goers were told to leave the site in N rburg in a  calm and controlled manner .Some 92,500 three-day tickets were sold for the festival, which was due to run from Friday until Sunday.The dpa news agency reported that the festival was cleared out on its opening night after Koblenz police said they had received information of a  concrete threat .The cancellation was announced on the Rock am Ring Facebook page.A spokesman said:  Due to a terrorist threat the police have advised us to interrupt the festival. We ask all festival visitors to leave the festival site in a calm and controlled manner towards the exits and camping grounds. We have to support the police investigations. Via: Daily Mail ",0
18549,BOOM! 4 VENUES CANCEL KATHY GRIFFIN Appearances After She Blames Trump For Her Career Ending Decision To Pose With His Severed Head,"Backlash against Kathy Griffin continues to grow with at least four venues announcing that they had canceled her performances after the comedian posed with a likeness of President Donald Trump s severed head.Venues in New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania have canceled shows. The Community Arts Theater in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, posted on its website that the show had been dropped  due to the recent controversy surrounding Kathy Griffin and the concern for the safety and security of our patrons and staff. Earlier this week, CNN said Griffin would no longer co-host its live New Year s Eve special from Times Square and another show was canceled at a New Mexico casino. An endorsement deal with Squatty Potty also ended.Sen. Al Franken has dis-invited Griffin from an event promoting his new book,  Giant of the Senate. Franken says he has heard from constituents  who were rightfully offended,  leading the Minnesota Democrat to change his mind from earlier, when he had said she was still welcome. He says he takes seriously that Minnesotans were upset by her behavior, which he characterizes as  inappropriate and not something that should be anywhere  in the national discourse.It s the latest fallout after the comedian posed with a likeness of President Donald Trump s severed head.Kathy Griffin s attorney says the comedian has been contacted by the Secret Service in the wake of her controversial photo shoot in which she posed with the likeness of President Donald Trump s severed head.Attorney Lisa Bloom says Griffin has retained a criminal attorney, who also appeared at a Friday press conference in which Griffin apologized again for the images. Griffin said she is the subject of a Secret Service investigation, but did not provide any further information about the inquiry or if she was cooperating.Griffin says she will not refrain from joking about Trump in the future.Since the comedian posed with a likeness of President Donald Trump s severed head, she has been fired from her annual gig hosting CNN s New Year s Eve special and several performances have been canceled at venues across the U.S.",0
18550,KATHY GRIFFIN Actually BRAGGED About Wanting To “Beat Down” 11-Yr Old Barron Trump 6 Months Ago,"The outspoken liberal comedian posed for a photo shoot with controversial photographer Tyler Shields in which she was seen holding a bloodied mask of President Trump.Donald Trump was quick to condemn her on Twitter:TMZ later reported that 11-year old Barron Trump actually saw the image of his bloodied and decapitated father while watching TV.TMZ reports: Barron Trump was watching TV & saw @kathygriffin holding the severed head. He thought it was his dad. My heart is broken.  Liz Wheeler (@Liz_Wheeler) May 31, 2017Melania Trump weighed in on the horrific image her 11-yr old son was subjected to with this statement:  As a mother, a wife, and a human being, that photo is very disturbing. When you consider some of the atrocities happening in the world today, a photo opportunity like this is simply wrong and makes you wonder about the mental health of the person who did it. It s a question a lot of comedians are asking themselves lately: What should comedy look like during the Trump presidency? Now more than ever we must absolutely go for all the absurdities,  Kathy Griffin told Vulture at the Equality Now Gala Tuesday night.  For me, that s Trump and all things Trump. It s not about trying to be an equal-opportunity offender anymore because Hillary got such a beat down. It s his turn. So I m happy to deliver beat down to Donald Trump   and also to Barron. You know a lot of comics are going to go hard for Donald, my edge is that I ll go direct for Barron. I m going to get in ahead of the game. So, of course, Griffin supported Rosie O Donnell when she tweeted a video asking if Barron Trump, 10-year-old son of Donald and Melania, was on the autism spectrum.  After the beat down he gave her, she can say whatever she wants to say to that piece of shit,  Griffin said before correcting herself.  Oh, that s President Piece of Shit.   Vulture",0
18551,"RADICAL, INTOLERANT Students Held College Administrators HOSTAGE…And No One Cared [VIDEO]","Video from inside Evergreen State College continues to leak, showing that protesters had at one point held administrators hostage until they agreed to comply with their demands.The incident took place during the second day of demonstrations demanding the resignation of Professor Bret Weinstein, who angered many students when he challenged the school s decision to ask white people to leave campus for a day of diversity programming in an all-staff email.The protest began Tuesday morning when an angry mob of SJW s confronted Professor Bret Weinstein after he had sent an email to faculty and staff explaining his reasoning for opposing the demonstration.  Campus ReformWatch the hostage situation here:Now, Weinstein s reportedly been told to avoid campus because his safety is at risk. Police told me protesters stopped cars yesterday, demanding information about occupants,  Mr. Weinstein told The Washington Times.  They believe I was being sought. It appears that the campus has been under the effective control of protesters since 9:30 a.m. Tuesday. Police are on lockdown, hamstrung by the college administration. Students, staff and faculty are not safe.Having already accosted Weinstein with such vitriol that campus police suggested he leave campus because officers could not guarantee his safety, the students set their sights on the administration, confining school officials in an office until they capitulated to an ultimatum demanding various diversity-related initiatives. The priority is that they stay in that room. If they aren t in that room, then we did something wrong, so you all need to watch that door, watch all the doors, the windows, you need to keep eyes on them,  one protester commands, referencing all of the potential exit points that administrators could use to make an escape.  Somebody needs to go in that room real quick to make sure there s no way for them to leave. The video pans to a closed conference room leading to College President George Bridges  office, which is surrounded on the outside by dozens of student protesters who made it their stated mission to establish a  physical presence  outside the office to ensure that Bridges and his staff  aren t leaving. Shortly thereafter, one demonstrator emerges from Bridges  office and triumphantly informs her companions that Bridges  talked to the chief of police and he said police will not show up. The unidentified protester who was apparently leading the brigade then enters Bridges  office, where the president and several other administrators are seated around a table that is encircled by still more student protesters. The only priority is that y all stay in this space until those demands can happen so that s the only thing that we re concerned about,  the protest leader reiterates, though he assures the administrators that  everyone s safety and health is concerned,  and that food and water would be provided to them.At one point, Bridges explains that he needs  to pee,  to which one protester initially responds by sharply instructing him to  hold it,  though he was eventually escorted to a nearby bathroom by a team of protesters.Meanwhile, the crowd gathered outside continued to chant  hey, hey/ho, ho/these racist faculty have got to go. The student who said they talked to the police chief and that they would not be coming was lying. The police did show up to the hostage situation. The only problem is, the president of Evergreen College has already made a public statement saying that he has no interest in pressing charges against any of the hostage takers.When police arrived, presumably drawn by the uproar, the students fled to the library, where they barricaded themselves inside the Trans & Queer Unity Lounge and asked white students to patrol the halls for any police  intruders. At a meeting between the administration and students later that day, University President George S. Bridges quickly assured the crowd that no students would be punished for their involvement in the demonstrations and promised a  major reiew  of what happened and why.My brother. Biology Professor @BretWeinstein. In the crosshairs of a lying mob. You SJWs just targeted the wrong guy. The Left eats its own. https://t.co/qQBCoztAvw  Eric Weinstein (@EricRWeinstein) May 24, 2017Here's the (incredibly thoughtful and well-written) email. pic.twitter.com/3NecW0tNfw  William Treseder (@williamtreseder) May 24, 2017",0
18552,OUCH! NEW EMAILS Show Hillary Didn’t Want To Fly In Same Plane As Michelle Obama,"Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton once requested to fly in a separate plane rather than share one with then-First Lady Michelle Obama, according to newly released emails.The email exchange was part of a new batch of emails that government watchdog Judicial Watch obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request. Clinton and her top aide, Huma Abedin, discussed in a July 2011 exchange Clinton s plans to attend the funeral of fellow former First Lady Betty Ford in Grand Rapids, Mich. Looks like plane won t be an issue,  Abedin wrote.  Also, looks like Michelle Obama also going. Is it ok [sic] that we and Mrs. O take two separate planes?  Clinton asked. I think it s ok [sic]. But let me see what kind of plane she s taking,  Abedin responded. I would rather have our own of course,  Clinton added.The new emails surfaced after other messages, ones released during the 2016 presidential campaign, revealed that Clinton and Obama s husband, former President Barack Obama, had an antagonistic relationship. And she HATES that the president ( that man,  as the Clintons call him) kicked her ass in 2008,  Democratic megadonor Jeffrey Leeds wrote to former Secretary of State Colin Powell in March 2015.  She can t believe it or accept it. Leeds also addressed the growing controversy over Clinton s use of a private email server at the State Department, writing that then-President Obama would not care if Clinton found herself in legal trouble. I don t think the president would weep if she found herself in real legal trouble. She ll pummel his legacy if she gets a chance and he knows it,  Leeds said.The exchange between Clinton and Abedin came after another message, one also released during the 2016 election, showed that Clinton complained commercial flights were  burdensome  and asked Abedin to get the Air Force to fly her from Westchester, N.Y. back to Washington, D.C.  WFB",0
18553,"PRESIDENT TRUMP Blasts Phony Climate Change Crybabies: “I Was Elected to Represent the Citizens of Pittsburgh, Not Paris” [VIDEO]","With his decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement, President Trump just gave the #ResistTrump crowd a new reason to hate him. Meanwhile, his supporters can add another check mark in the  promised kept  category. We all know how rare it is for a politician to actually do what he promised he d do while campaigning for office. Now it s up to Trump supporters to make sure they have his back President Trump said he was elected to represent the citizens of  Pittsburgh, not Paris,  during remarks Thursday explaining his decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement. We want fair treatment for our taxpayers,  he said.  We don t want other leaders and other countries laughing at us anymore, and they won t be. They won t be. I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris. Trump appeared to name-drop Pittsburgh because of its historic ties to the coal and manufacturing industries.However, Democratic Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto rejected Trump s words, saying his city would follow the guidelines of the agreement to curb greenhouse gas emissions.  WFBThe mayor of Pittsburg, Bill Peduto, took to Twitter to show his opposition to and disrespect for our president who dodged a major bullet by his brave decision to not go along with the Paris Agreement:As the Mayor of Pittsburgh, I can assure you that we will follow the guidelines of the Paris Agreement for our people, our economy & future. https://t.co/3znXGTcd8C  bill peduto (@billpeduto) June 1, 2017Apparently not everyone who follows the radical mayor of Pittsburg agreed with his tweet. Here are some of the responses he received:Enjoy your last term Mr mayor  Ed Serrano (@bugkiller7803) June 1, 2017You're more likely to be shot or killed in Pittsburgh than in Chicago. Maybe mayor Peduto should fix that before the climate @PressSec #MAGA pic.twitter.com/uigrOKxHxQ  Democrats are NAZIs (@iResistAll) June 1, 2017",0
18554,AUTHOR OF CHILDREN’S BOOKS Gets DESTROYED On Social Media After Mocking 11-Yr Old Barron Trump’s Reaction To Beheaded Dad Image,"Children s author and father of two, Ken Jennings took to Twitter to bully 11-year old Barron Trump after entertainment site TMZ reported that Barron saw the photo of the bloodied and decapitated head of his father being held up by  comedian  Kathy Gifford while watching TV:TMZ reports: Barron Trump was watching TV & saw @kathygriffin holding the severed head. He thought it was his dad. My heart is broken.  Liz Wheeler (@Liz_Wheeler) May 31, 2017Although Jennings holds the record for the longest winning streak on the game show Jeopardy, it turns out  he s really not that smart after all Children s author Ken Jennings obviously found the report about an 11-yr old boy being traumatized by a decapitated image of his dad on TV to be humorous, as he tweeted this disgusting comment in response to this heartbreaking story:Barron Trump saw a very long necktie on a heap of expired deli meat in a dumpster. He thought it was his dad & his little heart is breaking  Ken Jennings (@KenJennings) May 31, 2017Twitter users came after Jennings. Some of them even sent tweets to Simon and Schuster asking them to stop working with this vile bully of children. Here are some of their response to Jennings  tweet:I always try to be polite to people on here but this is a bridge too far. If this joke reflects who you are, you're an asshole.  Robby Starbuck (@robbystarbuck) May 31, 2017Which books so I won't purchase? Wow! A children's book author mocking a child bc he thought his dad was dead! WTF is up w/ these people?!?!  Don't Get Mad (@DontBeSad2017) May 31, 2017Sorry, @KenJennings, unfollow. I don't need the trashy humor. Get that from all directions all day long. Not signing up for more.  Ebookwormy (@Ebookwormy1) May 31, 2017I can't believe anyone as intelligent as you doesn't see the problem with mocking a child any child in this way.  Juli Caldwell (@ImJuliCaldwell) May 31, 2017Let's tell Third Place Books, as listed on his Twitter bio, what we think about supporting this loser! @ThirdPlaceBooks  Lady Liberty (@DutyOfAPatriot) May 31, 2017Haha would you get a load of this guy he actually thinks hes edgy for insulting an 11 year old child.  aidan (@LangNasty) May 31, 2017Even Donald Trump Jr. replied to Jennings  vile tweet attacking his young brother: It takes a real man to pick on an 11 year old. Yet another low from the left, but they will rationalize this away with their usual excuses. https://t.co/JDF3VsVEJ1  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) May 31, 2017Jennings replied to Donald Trump Jr. that he  will kill as many white rhinos as it takes to prove his masculinity to Donald Trump Jr.  How very clever I will kill as many white rhinos as it takes to prove my masculinity to Donald Trump Jr. https://t.co/mm8YzH2NPB  Ken Jennings (@KenJennings) May 31, 2017Facebook users also had plenty to say about Jennings vile remarks about Barron Trump on his Facebook page. Here are a few of their comments to Jennings:Takes a big tough guy to mock a child. A real genius doesn t make fun of a child. Pathetic.For such a smart man you certainly were quick to ruin your writing career. Maybe you and Kathy Griffin can go on an apology tour.You are truly a pile of human excrement .. your publisher should be ashamed.Does it really make you feel like a man to pick on an innocent 11 year old boy? You are a total douche!!!!Jennings you are a spineless sniveling coward. Why don t you talk smack to someone your own size you sick low life scumbag. ",0
18555,"WHOA! FIRST LADY MELANIA Makes Classy, Yet Blistering Response To Kathy Griffin’s ISIS Inspired Photo Of Decapitated President Trump","Social media erupted yesterday when outspoken comedian Kathy Griffin, posed for a photo shoot with controversial photographer Tyler Shields where she held a bloodied, decapitated mask of President Trump.Today, Melania Trump questioned Kathy Griffin s mental health in a blistering statement after she posted a photo of her holding a bloodied, decapitated version of President Trump s head.The video posted on Twitter of Griffin holding the decapitated head of President Trump has since been removed. As a mother, a wife, and a human being, that photo is very disturbing,  the first lady said in a statement Wednesday.  When you consider some of the atrocities happening in the world today, a photo opportunity like this is simply wrong and makes you wonder about the mental health of the person who did it.   Daily CallerPresident Trump took to Twitter to respond to the unbelievably vile comedian Kathy Griffin. Trump s tweet also reminded Griffin that he has an 11-year old son who has the ability to see her disgusting depiction of his father s bloodied, decapitated head:Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 31, 2017",0
18556,"RUSH LIMBAUGH: This Group is “Roadblocking” Trump More Than Any Other With Approval of Over 75,000 Refugees This Year!","Rush Limbaugh nails it in the transcript below but the most disturbing part of the  roadblocking  of Trump is that the refugee resettlement program is to be funded/ expanded  by Congress for fiscal year 2018 and there is  a desire for over 75,000 refugees from mostly Muslim countries THIS year:Republicans in Congress funded the US Refugee Admissions Program at a level for 75,000 refugees to be admitted by September 30th (the last day of this fiscal year):U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services  has begun to expand its interview schedule in the 3rd quarter of the fiscal year,  public affairs officer Marilu Cabrera told HuffPost in a statement on Friday. The Department of Homeland Security is working with the State Department to plan for a  further expansion  through the end of fiscal year 2017, she added.We ve immigrated mostly Muslim refugees since 9/11!Pew: More Muslims Than Christians by 2100Why are we continuing down this path when it s a better solution to keep them in safe zones in their own country? This solution was even proposed by President Trump! Small towns across America are being forever changed by the HUGE influx of Muslims. Please see our latest on this below the Rush Limbaugh transcript.Rush Limbaugh let it rip on the Republicans yesterday with his concern that it s the Republicans who are  roadblocking  the Trump agenda:Transcript:I don t understand how people don t get that it s not just the Democrats in Washington that are roadblocking Trump. I mentioned it earlier.Mitch McConnell says he can t see a way to getting 50 votes for the House Obamacare repeal bill? Now, stop and think here, folks. Back when the only element that we had was the House of Representatives and Republican voters were constantly saying,  Why aren t you doing more to stop Obama? Why aren t you trying to do something to stop Obamacare?  The answer was always,  Well, all we ve got is the House. W-w-we can t get anything through the Senate because the Democrats own the Senate. Obama s in the White House! He ll veto anything if it did make it there. So voters gave Republicans the Senate, and Mitch McConnell said,  Well, the first thing you have to know is it takes 60 votes to do anything in the Senate, and we don t have 60 votes. We only have 52.  And then he would add,  Plus, as long as Obama s still in the White House, all this is academic anyway. He s gonna veto whatever we pass.  So we gave the Republicans the White House and elected Trump. Now the latest story  There s a Wall Street Journal story. You know, I had this sort of cram last night after getting back from being away two days.I saw a Wall Street Journal story about how the Republicans in the House, they just can t! It s just impossible. They re pulling their hair out. They don t know what to do. They just can t find a way to cut any taxes. Because every time they cut a tax over here, they have to find a way to make the money up over there, and they just can t. They re looking at all these various tax cuts proposals and they said,  I   I   I don t know how we re gonna pay for all this. So the Republican Party, which is ostensibly the party of the president   and they owe their majority to him, particularly the Senate   are roadblocking Donald Trump more than the Democrats are, because the Democrats cannot. The Democrats don t have the votes in the House to stop Trump. The Democrats don t have the votes in the Senate to stop Trump, although there is the 60-vote cloture requirement. It s not the Democrats standing up and saying,  We are not gonna help. We re gonna stand in the way of any foolish tax cut you propose. It s the Republicans standing up and saying,  I just don t see how we re   there s no room here. I don t know how we re gonna lower rates when you have this exemption over here and you have this exemption there.  And I just read this stuff and I shake my head. They don t want to cut taxes. Either they don t want to cut taxes institutionally, they don t want to cut taxes economically, or they just don t want to do the heavy lifting. I don t know what it is. My guess is they don t want to help Trump.Now, you would think Trump figures this out, but he doesn t give any evidence of it. Like he tweeted something:  U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes immediately and get health care and tax cuts approved fast and easy. Democrats would do it no doubt.  He s talking about getting rid of the 60-vote requirement to shut off debate and just go to simple majority on every bill. Does he know that it s the Republicans that are the roadblock here? He has to know, and certainly if he s got people around him who know.Now, I could understand if he doesn t want to go public and start an internecine battle between the White House and the Republicans on Capitol Hill, you know, keep that for back channels and behind the scenes. The Wall Street Journal had a picture of the chairman of Ways and Means Committee and Paul Ryan standing there and all these guys and the headline:  Republicans Find Yet Another Way to Cut Taxes on the Rich. They just don t see how they can do it. It s incredible. It really is incredible. Because, of course, there s a way. They just don t want to do it. I think it s all establishment, all the time anti-Trump, throw the media in there as well. But even in the middle of this I can tell you almost assuredly that Trump is not off his game. He s not despondent. He s not sitting there worried about why all these people hate him. He s not worried about all that. He s just head down and moving ahead full speed as he can, not reacting or responding to all this stuff in the media, except when he tweets.REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT CONTINUES! Congress approved funding for the refugee resettlement program! This is NOT good news and is shocking to see that they are keeping the pipeline going on bringing mostly Muslim refugees to America. You have to ask why they continue to ignore this failed boondoggle that the American taxpayers fund each year:It is because most of them work for their big business donors and the Chamber of Commerce to guarantee a steady supply of cheap immigrant labor! Adding insult to injury, your tax dollars support refugee families through the welfare system because wages are too low! You pay for the importation of the labor and for the laborers  support once here!It is really quite a difficult obstacle for us (who wish to see the USRAP reformed) to overcome big businesses and global corporations pushing cheap labor in conjunction with so-called  religious  charities (paid by taxpayers!) claiming this is all about humanitarianism while essentially acting as  head hunters  for big business.Here s HuffPo s latest on the pipeline flowing:The United States appears to be resuming its longstanding efforts to resettle refugees after the program was derailed and almost completely upended abroad for several months.U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services  has begun to expand its interview schedule in the 3rd quarter of the fiscal year,  public affairs officer Marilu Cabrera told HuffPost in a statement on Friday. The Department of Homeland Security is working with the State Department to plan for a  further expansion  through the end of fiscal year 2017, she added.",0
18557,WINNING! GEORGE SOROS Group Gets Black Eye When Hannity Advertiser Comes Back After Allegedly Pulling Ads Over Seth Rich Story,"The USAA financial services firm is reinstating its advertising on Sean Hannity s Fox News Channel program after receiving heavy criticism for its initial decision from many of the military members and veterans that it serves.The San Antonio, Texas-based company said Tuesday it will also start advertising again on other programs where it had suspended ads, including  Hardball  and  The Rachel Maddow Show  on MSNBC, and Jake Tapper s  The Lead  on CNN.Following Hannity s reporting on (what the AP calls a discredited conspiracy theory) involving the death of a Democratic National Committee staff member, the liberal advocacy group Media Matters last week posted a list of his show s advertisers   and USAA was one of 10 to say it was pulling its commercials. At the time, the USAA said the company s policy was to avoid politically opinionated shows.But many of USAA s customers reacted angrily, and it didn t help when the company s advertising on other opinion shows was pointed out.USAA said it wasn t trying to favor one set of political views over another. We heard concerns from many members who watch and listen to these programs,  USAA said in a statement on Tuesday.  Our goal in advertising has always been to reach members of the military community who would benefit from USAA s well-known commitment to service. Today, the lines between news and editorial are increasingly blurred. The advertising is returning while the company reviews its policy about avoiding the opinion shows.Hannity was due to return to Fox Tuesday following a brief vacation. He had said he would no longer talk about the shooting death of Seth Rich last year following pleas from the man s family, although his network had retracted an online story about Rich because it hadn t met its reporting standards.Brent Bozell, president of the conservative Media Research Center, said he wasn t surprised by USAA s decision,  given the avalanche  of protests. His group was behind mobilizing that backlash, and said its members generated more than 1,600 phone calls to USAA within 48 hours. AP",0
18558,"WOW! SEAN SPICER Destroys BBC, New York Times Reporter…Calls Him Out For Reporting Specific “Fake News” Story…Walks Off Stage [VIDEO]","Here is the Gateway Pundit s  real news  account of Sean Spicer s brilliant press conference today:  Jim Acosta smugly asked,  Can you give me an example of FAKENEWS, Sean? That is when Spicer, never to be henpecked by the MSM, fired back:  ABSOLUTELY JIM. I ll give you an example. Friday the president was having a great discussion at the G7 and someone from the BBC and then the New York times reTweeted that the President was being rude by disrespecting the Italian Prime Minister, when INFACT you all in every one of the meetings that you sit in watch the President with the one earpiece that has been used by other presidents. [ ] And that s the kind of thing that the BBC and then ultimately a reporter whose joining the New York Times push out and perpetuate with no apology! You re shaking your head Peter Peter Baker,  the White House Correspondent for Carlos Slim s Blog, the New York Times, apparently disagreed with the facts.Peter Baker,  the White House Correspondent for Carlos Slim s Blog, the New York Times, apparently disagreed with the facts.Sean:  It s true. You did it. That is when things got more heated, and more hilarious, exposing the true hypocrisy of the MSM when Peter asked Spicer,  Well don t reporters make mistakes? In that simple question, Peter Baker admitting that the BBC and NYT had lied to push an agenda, never apologized, and then tried to back track only after they were called out.Spicer was quick to confront that,  That s just FAKE! Jim tried budding back in, exposing probably the most MSM hypocrisy of the entire briefing: You re making something out of ONE TWEET! he objected.OH, YOU MEAN LIKE EVERY SINGLE BRIEFING WHERE 80% OF IT IS SPENT DISCUSSING TRUMP S TWEETS???After MSM reporters kept asking for a more examples so they could try and backtrack further, Spicer said,  I did not come with a list of things,  [click here for list of fake news stories] before going over the Administration s recent accomplishments and storming out before the reporters could further attempt to bicker with him.",0
18559,"DONALD TRUMP JR. Blasts “Comedian” KATHY GRIFFIN After She Poses In Gruesome Photo Holding President Trump’s Bloody, Decapitated Head","The outspoken comedian posed for a photo shoot with controversial photographer Tyler Shields in which she is holding a bloodied mask of President Trump.***WARNING***Photo is graphic and could be confused with an act of terror by an ISIS terrorist:Here s the gruesome ISIS inspired video that Griffin posted to Twitter:https://twitter.com/kathygriffin/status/869654650844098562TMZ published the gory photo from Griffin s photo session with the famed Shields, known for his shocking pictures.  FOXIt didn t take long for the son and father of 5 of President Donald J. Trump s grandchildren to react to the ISIS-like photo liberals like  comedian  Kathy Griffin think is funny Donald Trump Jr. is blasting Kathy Griffin, and all liberals, for her photo op with a bloodied mask of President Trump   but admits he s not all that shocked.Don Jr. called the gory Tyler Shields shot of Kathy    Disgusting but not surprising. This is the left today. They consider this acceptable. He also said,  Imagine a conservative did this to Obama as POTUS?   TMZDonald Trump Jr. isn t immune from the hateful, and intolerant left. Only one week before the election, liberal rag magazine Esquire published a story using this bloodied a photo of Donald Trump Jr., a father of five young children simply because he is the son of a man who dared to shake up the system and challenge the rightful heiress to the American throne.The Esquire article was titled:We re just saying that people are saying it.After Kathy Griffin got HAMMERED by Twitter users for her sick and very distasteful photo op, she responded by saying she s not apologizing, she s simply using a bloodied, decapitated head to  mock  our President:https://twitter.com/kathygriffin/status/869655312239697920Twitter users who didn t find any humor in the photo that more closely resembled an act of terror than an act of humor responded to the vile  comedian :It wasn t so long ago that Griffin was seen smiling on a Trump golf course in a photo with Donald Trump s arm around her. But that was before he became president and threatened her small-minded world.Twitter wasn t the only social media outlet who went after Griffin. Greg Locke, a popular pastor who posts commentary videos related to current social issues on Facebook really let Kathy Griffin have it. Watch:",0
18560,WHY IT’S GOOD NEWS For Conservatives That Bitter Hillary Can’t Shut Up About Losing [VIDEO],"As a Wellesley graduate, I was shocked and dismayed by Hillary Clinton s commencement address. Actually, that is #FakeNews. I was neither shocked nor dismayed by Mrs. Clinton s speech (but I did graduate from Wellesley   with honors!) It was exactly the kind of self-pitying, leaden and all-about-me performance that I would have expected from the entitled former Democrat candidate and now sore loser.Watch a few of Hillary s greatest hits during her commencement speech at Wellesley College:Also, it revealed this: Hillary hasn t learned a thing. As her friend Mike Bloomberg recently told an audience of Harvard Business School grads   Hillary lost the election because she had absolutely no message. She still doesn t.In addition, she is utterly lacking in self-awareness. She spoke at length about what she sees as a  full-fledged assault on truth and reason,  telling the graduating seniors that  the future of America, indeed the future of the world, depends on brave, thoughtful people like you insisting on truth and integrity right now every day.  This, from a woman who ran for our nation s highest office while distrusted by nearly two-thirds of the country, with good reason.As long as Mrs. Clinton and her loyalists blame James Comey, Vladimir Putin, sexism and the alt-right for her loss, Democrats will never rebuild their bridges to the working class Americans who elected Donald Trump.In her remarks, Hillary criticized  people    aka Trump followers, presumably   on social media for  sowing division at a time when we desperately need unity,  and then proceeded to give a highly partisan and divisive speech.Did she ever consider that there might be families in the audience who voted for her opponent? That they might not enjoy her taking veiled potshots at President Trump, and that this was their daughters  day too?Echoing the liberal media, Hillary went after President Trump through innuendo and clich s, talking about the dangers of fomenting fear and of  alternative facts.  Good thing there was no Q&A; someone might have wanted further clarification of how she came under sniper fire in Bosnia, or how a video caused the Benghazi attack or how the Monica Lewinsky scandal stemmed from a  vast right-wing conspiracy  and not Bill Clinton s unruly libido.Hillary trod dangerous pathways as she remarked,  when people in power invent their own facts and attack those who question them, it can mark the beginning of the end of a free society.  She is correct, of course, but a cursory review of her multiple dodges and lies about her mishandling of classified information and efforts to destroy evidence reveals a woman who fully earned her low trustworthiness ratings from Americans.The election is over, but Hillary cannot let it go. This is good news for Republicans. As long as Mrs. Clinton and her loyalists blame James Comey, Vladimir Putin, sexism and the alt-right for her loss, Democrats will never rebuild their bridges to the working class Americans who elected Donald Trump.Hillary Clinton missed an opportunity at Wellesley. She could have delivered a message of unity, and helped our anxious country begin to heal. Her followers need to see her putting country above politics; they need to see her as she briefly appeared at the inauguration, supporting the peaceful and legitimate transfer of power. Apparently, that is just too heavy a lift for Mrs. Clinton. She is happier nursing her wounds, and continuing to inflict them on the country.The former First Lady could also have talked about the dramatic changes taking place in our economy, and how women are thriving as entrepreneurs. She could have talked about the founders of Rent the Runway, or Sarah Blakely, who created Spanx, or Essie Weingarten, who bet her life s savings on a new idea and created a nail polish empire sold to L Oreal in 2010. These women are inspirational; they didn t shatter glass ceilings, they ignored them. It is true we need women in politics, and running NGOs, but we also need women making money and boosting the economy. That s where the funding for free college tuition and refugee services comes from   a lesson Hillary may never have learned.The New York Times tells us that the students cheered Mrs. Clinton  thunderously.  Of course they did. They have been weaned on courses like  Love and Intimacy  in the Women s and Gender Studies department or  Changing Gender Constructions in the Modern Middle East  in the History Department. There s nothing wrong with those studies, unless they crowd out learning how the progressive policies of Bernie Sanders and Mrs. Clinton have failed in France, for instance, leading to a stagnant economy with few opportunities for progress. Or how capitalism has delivered billions from poverty, including in Communist China, where the growth miracle of recent decades was facilitated by policies that encouraged entrepreneurship and private enterprise.Hillary Clinton missed some history lessons too, apparently. She alluded to Nixon s presidency which  would eventually end in disgrace with his impeachment for obstruction of justice.  That isn t true, of course; Nixon resigned from office. It was her husband Bill who was impeached. Amazing she would get that wrong, in delivering what was sure to be a much-reviewed address. Maybe a little too much of that Chardonnay, Mrs. Clinton?  FOX NewsFor more visit LizPeek.com. Follow her on Twitter@LizPeek.",0
18561,WATCH MAXINE WATERS Go Ballistic When Confronted By A Constituent Who Says “I love my President” [Video],"The latest video of Maxine Waters is downright hysterical! She s confronted by one of her constituents who says they re going to work every day to make sure that President Trump isn t impeached and that Waters is impeached.  Mad Max  didn t care for that comment and shot back:  You can t impeach a woman of Congress Constituent:  Well I just want to talk about your representation in Washington and our President as well.Waters:  I can t stand him! He s the most horrible man I ve ever seen in my life! Constituent:  I love my President. Waters:  I m glad you do! Your President is a dishonorable, lying man. He mocked a journalist. I ve never seen a grown man do that! He talked about grabbing women by the private parts. He s lies everyday. He s in bed with Putin and the Russians about oil! And everybody around him are allies with the Kremlin and with the Oligarchs of Russia. They re gonna take us down! NEW: Constituent confronts Maxine Waters:  I m going to work every day to make sure that [Trump] isn t impeached and that you re impeached.  pic.twitter.com/Bcv55wmpJx  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) May 30, 2017 The video is hysterical because you know she never ever is confronted by someone. ",0
18562,HILLARY APPEARS Wearing “Anti-Seizure” Sunglasses (Again) In Memorial Day Parade,"Remember when experts came out after Hillary collapsed following her visit to the 9-11 memorial in NYC and revealed that the odd blue-colored sunglasses Hillary was sporting that day are used by epileptic patients to avoid having a seizure.Who could forget Hillary s bizarre collapse that day, when her legs began to buckle and secret service agents grabbed her arms and threw her into the vehicle. It was almost as though the people around Hillary were well practiced in how to toss her into the vehicle before the cameras could catch her having a seizure only months before the election.Watch: Infowars   Hillary was seen wearing the blue sunglasses during the 9/11 memorial in New York City where she later collapsed from complications stemming from her numerous health issues.Given her lack of fashion concerns   she s regularly seen wearing pantsuits everywhere she goes   it s unlikely her blue sunglasses were meant as a fashion statement.Epileptic patients often wear Zeiss Z1 blue lenses in particular because they are effective at treating photosensitive epilepsy. The Z1 lens is highly effective in controlling photoparoxysmal response in a very large number of photosensitive epilepsy patients irrespective of their epilepsy or antiepileptic drug treatment,  according to a 2006 studypublished in Epilepsia.  The lens might become a valid resource in the daily activity of any clinician who cares for patients with epilepsy. Hillary experiences seizures from flashing lights, such as camera flashes at public events, according to sources inside the Secret Service who spoke to Infowars.Hillary Clinton appeared in Chappaqua, NY in their Memorial Day parade as a float with her husband Bill, the former president and rapist. The former presidential candidate was seen wearing the same bizarre blue-colored sunglasses that she wore on 9-11.Bill & Hillary Clinton & Gov Cuomo at Memorial Day parade pic.twitter.com/rxSaTOxzgg  Michael Grabell (@MichaelGrabell) May 29, 2017Here s Hillary again waving to the crowd as though she s already campaigning for 2020. Bill s just happy to not have to be cooped up in the same house with her for a couple of hours. .@HillaryClinton wearing anti-seizure Zeiss Z1 sunglasses at Chappaqua Memorial Day parade. pic.twitter.com/T0fvT4WN60  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) May 29, 2017Here s a great shot of the happy couple:They look well. pic.twitter.com/0I1ETh41ta  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) May 30, 2017The Daily Mail asked Josh Caplan of Vessel News if they could use his photo of Hillary for a story:Hi @joshdcaplan, can the Daily Mail use this image with a credit to you? Thanks!  MailOnline Pictures (@MailOnline_Pics) May 29, 2017Here is Caplan s hilarious response: Only if you note her anti-seizure sunglasses. Sick Hillary may run in 2020, so it's important your readers know extent to how unwell she is. https://t.co/z05G8xTEtf  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) May 29, 2017",0
18563,POLICE REFUSED To Believe German Man’s Emergency Call Saying Girlfriend Was Being Raped By Refugee With Machete While Camping,"The ban, which also applies to women and children and elderly relatives from war torn countries, has been put in place for two years after the country revealed the crisis will cost  37bn in 2017.Now just days after the Bundestag voted to speed up deportation and mandatory finger printing, it s emerged they have outlined the country needs 300,000 people a YEAR for the next 40 years to stop population decline.  Express UKA major shake up is underway in Germany after police refused to take seriously a 999 call from a young man who called in to say his girlfriend was being raped yards from him.The officer who took the call did not believe the desperate man on the other end of the line, and said:  You are not messing with me I hope? The terrified boyfriend had been threatened with a machete when the Ghanaian refugee entered the tent he shared with his girlfriend at a campsite near Bonn and told to remain where he was.But the boyfriend had a hard time getting police to take him seriously. Hmm,  was the first reaction from the female police officer on the line.  Where exactly is this rape happening?  she added.The man was forced to watch as the attacker violated his 23-year-old partner   and the police never arrived.The 26-year-old boyfriend eventually scooped her up and began walking with her along a main road looking for help.He called police a second time   and again they did not take their account of what happened at face value.Finally, nearly 30 minutes later, officers arrived and the victim was taken to hospital.Frank Piontek, spokesman for the Bonn Police, conceded that the  incoming official in the control centre, after our findings, did not initially correctly categorize the circumstances of the first call and reacted inappropriately in her language. The second call was also not handled properly, he added, saying a major review of procedures is underway following the attack in April.A photofit picture of the attacker led to his arrest and DNA testing confirmed his guilt.A CD player he stole from the tent was found at his refugee centre.He tried to flee when police moved in to arrest him, flinging a rucksack at one officer.It turned out that the backpack was stolen from a barbecue party shortly before the rape occurred.  Daily MailWelcome to the violent new Germany, thanks to Chancellor Angela Merkel, the woman who snubbed President Trump on his recent visit over his views on tightening immigration into America from terror nations, as he bravely stands in the face of liberal opposition determined to protect the safety of United States citizens. ",0
18564,“I’LL PUT A BULLET IN YOUR HEAD!” Scuffle Breaks Out Between TX Legislators After GOP Rep Calls ICE On Angry Illegal Aliens Who Crashed Chambers To Protest Sanctuary Cities Ban [VIDEO],"AUSTIN   A shoving match and war of words nearly turned into a fistfight on the Texas House floor Monday, the final day of a bitterly contentious 140-day legislative session. This session has been very, very difficult,  said Rep. Celia Israel, D-Austin.  There are enough of us here who remember a time in Texas when respect and decorum ruled the day. Those rules flew out the House door when a group of protesters crashed the chamber s gallery Monday, chanting opposition to the so-called sanctuary cities ban. Legislators approved a bill this year that would force local governments to enforce federal immigration laws, what opponents call a show-me-your-papers law.Angry illegal aliens flooded the Texas State Capitol building. They can be seen flooding the capitol building in the video below.""Greg Abbott escucha! Estamos en la lucha!"" #txlege #sb4 pic.twitter.com/2PTMXrJiSb  James Barrag n (@James_Barragan) May 29, 2017As they protested, Latino Reps. Ramon Romero and Cesar Blanco, both Democrats, waved to the noisy crowd. Republican Matt Rinaldi of Irving, a fervent supporter of the anti-immigration legislation, approached the Latino Democrats. They said Rinaldi told them he had called U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to report the protesters, who were largely Hispanic.The Democrats were enraged. A shoving match ensued, and lawmakers accused one another of making violent threats.  Rinaldi said a Democrat eventually threatened to  come get  him. Rep. Justin Rodriguez, D-San Antonio, who didn t witness the initial altercation, said he later heard Rinaldi say,  I ll put a bullet in your head,  to the Democrat he alleged was menacing.  Dallas NewsHere is Republican legislator Matt Rinaldi s response to the accusation by Democrat legislator Justin Rodriguez:A statement regarding today. pic.twitter.com/M0BcBXa43P  Matt Rinaldi (@MattRinaldiTX) May 29, 2017Illegal aliens have been living in our nation without any fear of repercussions for their actions for over a decade now. That was before we had a president who took illegal immigration seriously. Trump s strong position of illegal immigrants has given local lawmakers some hope of restoring law and order to states like Texas that are overwhelmed with an exploding illegal immigration population.",0
18565,BOOM! HARRIS FAULKNER Blows Up The Russia Collusion Theory With One Smart Question [Video],"Fox News  Harris Faulkner BLOWS UP the WHOLE Russia Collusion Theory with ONE SMART QUESTION that we re sure the media will ignore!On Sunday, Fox News anchor Harris Faulkner asked the best question to those who believe both, that there was collusion and that Jared Kushner had or reached out for a secret back channel with Russia after the election: If it s true, wouldn t that signify that there was not collusion? Why would you need a back channel with the Kremlin if, in fact, you already had several established?  Faulkner s comments are approx. at the 24:45 point:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ip2AV70piWcThe media is so busy trying to point the finger at Trump or his administration that they can t see logic. It s like a feeding frenzy when those feeding end up eating themselves. This won t end well for Democrats because Americans see the truth. The truth is that Obama spied on Americans and the FBI is culpable.As we listen 24/7 to the fake news and fake outrage about Russia spying and stealing our election, the news clip below gets to the REAL scandal that no one is reporting on:JAMES ROSEN: Pelosi confessed ignorance of this week s disclosure that the National Security Agency for at least five years under the Obama administration systematically violated Americans  Fourth Amendment rights Civil liberties groups said the disclosures should factor into lawmakers  decision at year s end about whether to reauthorize the NSA collection program that witnessed the abuses The sheer scale of the 4th Amendment violations is staggering, as was the sternness of the rebuke of the Obama administration by the FISA court, which ordinarily approves 99.9% of the government s request.As of a few minutes ago, this story had not been covered by the Washington Post, the New York Times or any of the three broadcast networks.Comey s FBI broke its own rules ",0
18566,SHOCKING VIDEO: Muslim Child Bride Forced to Wed Man 20 Years Older…You won’t believe what he trades for her! [Video],"Child marriage is a problem within Islam. Islamic culture in different countries accept this tradition. Once the Muslims migrate, child marriage is kept secret. The undercover video below shows how they performed a quick exchange of a necklace for a daughter Pretty sickening but it s happening way too often all around the world.A shocking video shows the moment a 14-year-old girl is allegedly forced to marry a man 20 years older than her at the back of a Melbourne mosque.The video seized by police from the alleged groom s phone shows the traditional Islamic ceremony by a prominent Muslim marriage cleric last year. Imam Ibrahim Omerdic, 62, has faced court accused of forcing a minor to enter marriage.In video shown in court shows a timid teenage girl sitting quietly as her groom-to-be signs papers presented by the Imam.The underage girl s mother watches on, after the groom allegedly paid to marry her daughter with a $1,480 gold necklace.The Imam asks the child bride if she takes the man   who she reportedly met only a few days prior    to live together and live according to Islam. She answers  yes  and is told by the Imam that as a wife, she now has a duty to  obey  her husband.Sydney child brides forced into marriage. Video shows how widespread the exploitation is. Why are the authorities ignoring the problem? pic.twitter.com/h3Gc534PUP  7 News Sydney (@7NewsSydney) May 22, 2017Family and Communities Services received 60 reports of illegal ceremonies involving 57 children between 30 December 2014 and January 31 2017, 7 News reported.A total of 23 children wed in illegal ceremonies were under the age of 16, including four under the age of ten. It is deeply disturbing to think little girls pre-puberty are being considered for marriage and for people to be organizing that marriage,  FACS Minister Pru Goward told the network.Via: 7newssydney",0
18567,"SICK! DEMOCRAT ORGANIZER, Mayor DeBlasio Employee Arrested On CHILD PORN Charges: Possessed Videos Of Female BABIES As Young As 6 Months Involved In Sex Acts","Last week it was Huma Abedin s husband Anthony Weiner, this week, it s a Democrat organizer and employee of Democrat Mayor of NYC Bill DeBlasio, 29 year old Jacob Schwartz.A leading young Democrat and de Blasio administration employee has a secret taste for sickening kiddie porn that involves baby girls as young as 6 months old, court papers revealed Friday.Jacob Schwartz, 29, was busted for allegedly keeping more than 3,000 disgusting images and 89 videos on a laptop after downloading the filth from the internet.  NYPAccording to the NYP: Schwartz s father   labor lawyer and Democratic insider Arthur Schwartz   called his son s case  a personal tragedy. I understand these are serious charges,  said the elder Schwartz, who watched his son get arraigned in Manhattan Criminal Court on Thursday night. He s already in therapy for this. ",0
18568,"TRUMP EFFECT? ONLY DAYS AFTER MEETING With President Trump, Pope Francis Delivers SURPRISING Message To Italian Workers","Flashback to February 18. 201: In a remarkable dispute just two days before a pivotal Republican primary, Pope Francis said Donald Trump s plan to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is un-Christian, prompting Trump to respond that it was  disgraceful  for the pope to question his religion. A person who thinks only about building walls, wherever they may be, and not building bridges, is not Christian, Francis told reporters Wednesday aboard the papal plane. This is not in the Gospel. The pope s comments were first made public on Thursday. They obviously got to the pope,  Trump said.  He doesn t know me   the Pope heard only one side of the story. In response to Pope Francis  comments, candidate Trump told his supporters that I am a Christian and I am proud of it,  and also attacked the Mexican government for  using the pope as a pawn. There can t be a good economy without good businessmen, without their capacity to create and to produce,  he said, shattering his reputation as an enemy of the free market economy.The Pope recognized that the essential value of work and employment is only possible when companies are sound and successful. Moreover, only an economically healthy society can keep a democracy afloat, he suggested. The world of work is a human priority,  Francis said,  and it s also a priority for the pope. There s always been a friendship between the church and work, starting with Jesus, who was a worker. When work is weakened, it s democracy that enters into crisis,  he said.  There s a social compact. Without denouncing unemployment benefits, Francis insisted that state intervention wasn t a real solution.  A monthly check from the state that allows you to keep the family afloat doesn t solve the problem. It has to be resolved with work for everyone,  he said.",0
18569,"PLOT THICKENS: D.C. POLICE CHIEF Who Oversaw Seth Rich Murder Socialized With Top Democrats, Debbie Wasserman-Schultz","More and more evidence is revealed every day, that points to the real possibility that murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was the person who leaked the DNC emails to Wikileaks, and that there is an all-out effort to cover it up, or completely dismiss it as a  tin-foil hat  theory by social media platforms, the leftist media and the Democrat Party. Twitter just suspended the WND account for posting a story that suggested disgraced DNC chief and top Democratic strategist Donna Brazile may have interceded in the Seth Rich murder investigation. In the WND exclusive story titled:Alicia Powe and Liz Crokin wrote the story that was also posted to and deleted from the social media platform by Twitter: Former Democratic National Committee interim chairwoman Donna Brazile is the high-ranking DNC representative who allegedly called police and the family of murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich and demanded to know why a private investigator was  snooping  into Rich s death, the private eye revealed to WND Monday. The high-ranking DNC official that called the police after I inquired about Rich s case was Donna Brazile,  veteran homicide detective Rod Wheeler told WND.  Why shouldn t I reveal who it was? Brazile, who was also a CNN contributor and a Hillary for America donor at the time, was caught providing Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton with questions that would later be asked of Clinton at a televised CNN town hall. In an interview with Fox News before the election, Brazile denied leaking the questions to Clinton. But in a March 17, 2017, column for Time magazine, she finally admitted doing so, saying it was a  mistake I will forever regret. According to WND, their Twitter account was suspended because of this Seth Rich investigation bombshell. And now, Big League Politics is reporting associations the DC police chief who resigned only a month after Seth Rich was murdered ran in the same circles as many close to Hillary and top DNC officials. The police chief who oversaw Seth Rich s unsolved murder case has socialized and been honored alongside key Hillary Clinton advisers and even Rich s own boss at the Democratic National Committee. Rich is widely reported to be the source of Wikileaks  damning 2016 email release that showed the DNC colluding to hand the nomination to Clinton at the expense of Bernie Sanders. He was gunned down in D.C. 12 days before Wikileaks  release.On Sunday, July 10, 2016, at approximately 4:19 am, members of the Fifth District DC MPD were patrolling the area when they heard gunshots.  Upon arrival on the scene, members located an adult male victim conscious and breathing, and suffering from gunshot wounds.  The victim was transported to an area hospital, where he succumbed to his injuries and was pronounced dead.The decedent was identified as 27-year-old Seth Conrad Rich, of Northwest, DC.Controversy continues to swirl around the murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich, that detectives working for the MPD under Chief Lanier called a  botched robbery  (even though nothing of any value appeared to have been stolen from Rich s body) after he was shot several times only blocks from his home.Former Metropolitan Police Department chief Cathy Lanier resigned from her post the month after Rich s murder to accept a position running security for the National Football League. She sits on the Washington Police Foundation board alongside Heather Podesta, the D.C. power broker who was married to Clinton campaign chief John Podesta s lobbyist brother Tony.In 2014, Lanier was honored on ELLE magazine s list of the ten most powerful women in Washington alongside top Hillary Clinton aide Cheryl Mills and longtime Clinton friend and informal adviser Neera Tanden. Other honorees included NARAL Pro-Choice America president Ilyse Hogue and Obama Cabinet official Penny Pritzker.Lanier did attend ELLE and Hugo Boss  2015 Women in Washington Power List dinner at the German ambassador s house. Here she is chatting with Clinton crony and Virginia governor Terry McAuliffe.Who else was at the dinner? None other than Amy Dacey, the CEO of the Democratic National Committee at the time of Seth Rich s murder, who resigned one month after the killing as the DNC was rocked with scandal.Who else was at the dinner? None other than then-DNC chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz.",0
18570,DONALD RUMSELD HUMILIATES “The View” Dingbat Joy Behar…Calls Her Out For Not Understanding How Presidents Are Elected [VIDEO],"There is no question that Whoopi Goldberg is a talented actress and has the ability to make people laugh, but the gift of comedy that Whoopi used to make herself so popular with her fans has mostly disappeared, and has been replaced with a hostility that is anything but funny. The most painfully ignorant co-host on the show however, is  comedian  Joy Behar. It s been hilarious watching her now admit that she actually misses George W. Bush. Behar has made some embarrassing attempts lately to bond with guests from former members of George W. Bush s cabinet who ve appeared as guests on  The View . Bear is so completely enveloped with hate for President Trump, that she s actually convinced herself that the whole world hates Trump as much as she does. She s gone so far off the deep end, that she truly believes she can convince conservatives like Bush s former secretary of state Condoleezza Rice, who appeared on  The View  last month [Watch HERE] to join her in her never-ending obsession to bash and discredit President Trump. Things didn t work out how Behar planned however, when Condoleezza Rice who gave Behar and her co-hosts an education on how things actually work in government and not how they wished they worked.This time around, it was George. W. Bush s former secretary of defense Donald Rumsfeld who appeared on  The View  and gave dingbat Joy Behar an education on how presidents are elected in the United States.WatchWhoopi Goldberg asked Rumsfeld if Trump s presidency was  unique  to which he replied that,  It s different.  Rumsfeld went on to explain how President Trump won in the primaries against some very qualified candidates, and went on to win against a  seasoned, well-known Democrat  Hillary Clinton. Behar pressed on, suggesting that Trump really is not a legitimate president because  he lost by 3 million votes.  Rumsfeld then proceeded to educate the loudmouth, emotional Joy Behar about how presidents are elected. Rumsfeld continued to educate the rest of the dingbats on  The View  who insisted on  engaging in hypotheticals  when it comes to the leftist tin-foil hat theory, that Trump worked with the Russians to affect the outcome of our elections.",0
18571,"37-YR OLD FED PROSECUTOR Working On Illegal Immigration, Visa, Passport Fraud Found Dead With Head Wound In Debbie Wasserman-Schultz District [VIDEO]","Hollywood police spokeswoman Miranda Grossman said Thursday that the body of 37-year-old Beranton J. Whisenant Jr. was found early Wednesday by a passerby on the city s beach. She said detectives are trying to determine if the death was a homicide, suicide or something else.   WPTVThe cause of death   including whether Whisenant was murdered   was still under investigation.However, The Miami Herald reported that the death  is being investigated as a crime  by the Hollywood Police Department.According to ABC News, the 37-year-old prosecutor s body bore a head wound.In 2013, CNN quoted an expert who called murders of prosecutors in the United States  beyond rare,  and reported that  only 13 prosecutors have been killed in the line of duty in the past 100 years.  Murders of federal prosecutors are rarer still, although it s not clear yet what happened to Whisenant.Whisenant worked for the U.S. Attorney s Office in Miami in its major crimes unit. He had joined the office in January. Court records show he had been handling several visa and passport fraud cases.The federal prosecutor s body was discovered lying on the city beach on Wednesday, May 24. His body had washed up on the beach, and The Miami Herald reported that it s not clear whether he died there. Whisenant may have suffered a head wound caused by a possible gunshot or other type of trauma,  The Herald reported.According to ABC News, Whisenant was married and was a father of three.  Whisenant lived in Miramar with his wife, Ebony, a physician who teaches at Florida International University s College of Medicine,  reported Miami Herald.Whisenant was handling some serious cases for the federal prosecutor s office in Miami. PACER, the federal court record website, lists him as an attorney in 39 cases. Not all of those date from his time in the U.S. attorney s office, but there are a number of May filings listed.His recent cases focused on illegal immigration issues. For example, in one recent case, a woman was accused of re-entering the U.S. illegally from Guatemala who had previously been ordered removed from the United States. In another recent case, a man was accused of buying a fake Italian passport and trying to enter Miami with it.Whisenant was assigned to the Major Crimes Unit. His LinkedIn page says that Whisenant had only been in the U.S. Attorney s office for five months.According to ABC News, Whisenant  had been working on visa and passport fraud cases, according to court documents.    Heavy ",0
18572,BITTER HILLARY JUST CLAIMED SHE ‘BEAT’ TRUMP: Nigel Evans Has A Message For Her! This is a Must-Watch Video!,"Hillary Clinton just made the claim that she  beat  President Trump in the 2016 election. The bitter and delusional Clinton is a woman who can t let the loss go In a lengthy interview in New York Magazine, Clinton made the claim that she  beat  both Sanders and Trump in the 2016 election: I beat both of them,  she said, evidently referencing her popular vote win over Trump.British politician Nigel Evans has message for anyone, including Hillary, who is in denial. He defends Donald Trump and his supporters in this must-watch video!  The fact is, there were 61 million people who voted for Donald Trump, and when we stand up in this country and attack him, we are actually attacking the American people. Bravo! Thank you Mr. Evans!",0
18573,SHARIA LAWYER: Why Muslims are Less Likely to Integrate into Western Nations [Video],"Sharia lawyer and expert Daniel Akbari tells Ezra Levant of The Rebel Media why Muslims are less likely to integrate into Western nations. This is one of the best interviews we ve come across on the truth in Sharia law and abiding by the Koran. How can a Muslim follow our laws when they are taught to follow Sharia law or else. The punishment is severe for those who haven t assimilated into American society. It s a sense of fear with a woman who chooses not to wear a head covering because she could be severely punished.MUSLIM ASSIMILATION? It s Not Happening In Minneapolis   Little Mogadishu  Where Sharia Rules [Video] Isolation of the Somali Muslim community AND teaching Sharia law in Muslim schools in Minneapolis are the two main reasons why we should still fear their recruitment to terrorism. Assimilation hasn t happened and that s a HUGE problem!During the election last year, I stumbled upon a reporter s videos and couldn t believe my eyes. THIS is the end game that the Democrats are hoping for:WAKE UP AMERICA! SOMALI CANDIDATES IN MINNESOTA Only Speak In Somali At Caucus Guess Who They re Voting For [Video]A very recent article in the Minneapolis Star Tribune discusses a new Somali Mall:Minneapolis Council Member Abdi Warsame pledges to build new Somali mallPete Hegseth goes to  Little Mogadishu  and finds out that many Somali Muslims don t speak English and that they actually teach Sharia law in school but not sure about American law. This all goes back to the REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT PROGRAM and the HUGE problem with bringing over 3 million MOSTLY Muslims to the U.S. in the past 30 years. We need to take a look at defunding this program because it s ballooned way past what it was originally intended to be.",0
18574,DEADBEATS BEWARE: Trump’s Food Stamp Reform Is Your Worst Nightmare,"All we re hearing from the left is fear mongering about President Trump s budget. We love what welfare to work is coming back after Obama stripped it out of requirements to receive benefits. Food stamp enrollment exploded during Obama s 8 years in office to be 44 million recipients.The American taxpayers are footing the bill for those who take advantage of the system. Here s the TRUTH about what the Trump administration has proposed for food stamps:WORK REQUIREMENTS: In reality, the president s proposed policy is based on two principles: requiring able-bodied adult recipients to work or prepare for work in exchange for benefits, and restoring minimal fiscal responsibility to state governments for the welfare programs they operate.The president s budget reasserts the basic concept that welfare should not be a one-way handout. Welfare should, instead, be based on reciprocal obligations between recipients and taxpayers.SHIFTING MORE RESPONSIBILITY ON STATES:Why should the federal government pay for almost all of the freebies? Shifting the responsibility to the states will help with accountability. Perhaps some of the states will make a better effort to clean up the fraud that s so rampant in the system.Read more: Daily Signal",0
18575,Navy SEAL Tells Katy Perry: “Go to H*ll” [Video],"Navy SEAL Carl Higbie had three words for Katy Perry: Go to hell. Carl Higbie in a Thursday interview on Fox News criticized Perry for her remarks following the deadly Manchester terror attack that left 22 people dead and 59 injured, including children.Perry said:  The greatest thing we can do is just unite and love on each other. No barriers, no borders, we all just need to coexist In response to her call for  no barriers, no borders,  Higbie said that Perry should hold one of her concerts in Syria and see how they respond to our culture:You might remember Higbie from the time he was screeched at by a CNN anchor when he demanded the truth before accusing Trump s administration of anything: A Navy SEAL Carl Higbie was blasted and screeched at by a CNN anchor who was shocked that Higbie asked for more evidence and truth in the Trump controversy. Yikes! She s got snowflake written all over her. It s just how the left rolls you have to march in lock-step with what they believe to be true even if it s not true. Just go with it, right? We say NOT RIGHT!Shouldn t we ask that sources be exposed? Anyone can say they know the truth but when they hide behind anonymity, they ruin their credibility. The left just expects everyone to believe the many lies they ve been telling about President Trump. We re with Carl! We re not accepting any  stories  against Trump until we have proof and know the source.Way to go Carl!",0
18576,"MANCHESTER: MUSLIM WOMAN Wearing HAND GRENADE, Machine Gun, Knife Images On Burqa Says She’s Worried About Facing “Islamaphobia” After Terror Attack [VIDEO]","A Muslim woman was criticised after she wore a burka emblazoned with weapons in a TV interview about the Manchester terror attackThe woman, named only as  Sid , was part of a group of Muslims interviewed by Channel 4 News journalist Krishnan Guru-Murthy in the Rusholme area of Manchester, which is home to the largest Libyan community in Europe.The group vehemently condemned the Manchester Arena attack by 22-year-old suicide bomber Salman Abedi, who is of Libyan descent.But some viewers criticised Sid over her decision to wear a burka printed with a pistol, grenade, knife and machine gun spelling the word  love .One wrote:  Channel 4 news contributor in full hijab, top to toe with comedy glasses, images of knife & hand grenade emblazoned across the front! Ffs.The interview with the Muslim woman named  Sid  begins at the 6:12 mark of the video. Sid tells the interviewer,  I know I m a good Muslim I don t need to prove anything .Watch:Another Twitter user said:  Channel 4 actually broadcast this. Nothing says love like a hand grenade & flick-knife. For entire story: Daily Mail",0
18577,HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY Just Gave Americans A Great Reason To Buy A Gun ASAP [Video],"Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly on Friday said the terror threat is worse than most realize, saying some people would  never leave the house  if they knew the truth. I was telling Steve Doocy on the way in here, if he knew what I knew about terrorism, he d never leave the house in the morning,  Kelly said on  Fox & Friends. He noted there were four major terror attacks in the last week   in England, Egypt, the Philippines and Indonesia    by generally the same groups. It s everywhere. It s constant. It s nonstop. The good news for us in America is we have amazing people protecting us every day. But it can happen here almost anytime. .@DHSgov Sec. Kelly: If you knew what I do about terrorism, you d never leave the house, but we do have the finest people protecting us. pic.twitter.com/qzqAqlqTGd  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) May 26, 2017So why are we importing more jihadists?",0
18578,CHOKING ON HER LIES? HILLARY CLINTON Has Coughing Fit During Speech At Alma Mater [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton was delivering the commencement speech at her alma mater today and had a coughing fit! Can you believe it? Just in case you forgot, Hillary notoriously had coughing fits during her campaign for president. This has been going on for way too long. Can you imagine if she d been elected and we d have to listen to her hacking during speeches. Just another reason we re so thankful she didn t win the election!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKCeui0QXAChoking on her lies or something else Yes, this is it! Haha! Hillary s coughing is caused by the big bong she s smoking too funny!",0
18579,CNN’S DON LEMON Tries to Blame Trump…Cuts Off Guest When He Won’t Agree About Montana Body Slamming Incident [Video],Don Lemon tries to blame Donald Trump for the incident in Montana between a Republican candidate and a reporter. The candidate  body-slammed  the reporter who was asking a question. The candidate went on to win the election but the left is determined to use this incident to score political points.Paris Dennard won t back down when Lemon tries to blame Trump. Paris and Lemon have a long history of heated discussions. Great job by Paris Dennard!,0
18580,CONSEQUENCES OF LIBERAL TOLERANCE: He Had An ISIS Flag Hanging From His Roof…Yet No One Reported Him? [VIDEO],"Terrified concert goers fled an Ariana Grande gig after Salman Abedi, 22, detonated a bomb full of shrapnel and nails late on Monday evening.Shocking footage showed carnage brought to the streets of Manchester, with more than 120 people injured in the blast.Disgusting hate cult ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attack, and described Abedi as one of their soldiers.And a former neighbour of the suicide bomber believes he could have been a member of the terror group for quite some time.Antone Jones, who lived close to the attacker in the Fallowfield area of the city, described seeing the ISIS flag being draped from the roof of his house.He told the MEN:  I never really knew him well, he always kept himself to himself. But about two years ago there was a black flag on the roof with Arabic writing on it. We never had any idea he was doing anything like this though. He was quiet. Another neighbour, from Gorton, said his manner led him to believe he was a member of ISIS.He said:  He walked past me one evening. He looked at me with his cold black eyes. It was an expression I didn t want to see on a face. He looked at me in a way that suggested he could take care of himself. I said at the time I wouldn t be surprised if he was ISIS. For entire story: Daily Star",0
18581,LIST OF 3 COMPANIES WHO Caved To Leftists…PULLED ADS From Hannity Show After He Discussed Seth Rich Murder,"Companies including Cars.com, Peloton, and Leesa Sleep have all given in to pressure to cease advertising on the show over Hannity s pursuit of now retracted claims made by Fox News that murdered DNC employee Seth Rich had contact with Wikileaks before his death.Leesa Sleep even bragged about cutting off their advertising with Sean Hannity on Twitter. They apparently made 11K liberals very happy with their decision. The big question is how many conservatives will they lose as customers for their high-end mattresses?We adjust our media buying every day and we can confirm that we are no longer advertising on Sean Hannity.  Leesa (@leesasleep) May 24, 2017Cars.com would like you to consider purchasing one of their certified pre-owned options. They must be addressing their new liberal audience with this tweet, since conservatives are likely now shopping with their competition like autotrader.com for instance Shopping for a new or used car but don't know about the certified pre-owned option? Find out more here: https://t.co/pTb209UzBs  Cars.com (@carsdotcom) May 20, 2017Peloton bragged about the $1.25 billion value of their company on Twitter yesterday. Bringing a Peloton Cycle bike home with you comes with a hefty price tag of $1,995. You will, however, need to pay a $39 per month subscription fee to continue taking spin classes over the HD screen. Peloton has a link on Amazon where users can review their bikes. Feel free to review their bikes HERE..@WSJ features Peloton's latest round of financing, which values the company at $1.25 billion: https://t.co/MeLC9HULCo #ridepeloton  Peloton (@RidePeloton) May 24, 2017 I totally and completely understand how upset and how hard this is on this family, especially over the recent coverage of Seth s death,  he said.  I ve been communicating with them. I got a very heartfelt note. I also sent them a heartfelt note back. However, out of respect for the family s wishes, for now, I am not discussing this matter at this time,  Hannity continued, although he later contended that he had  retracted nothing  and would continue to  try to get to the truth. In a series of tweets on Wednesday, Hannity accused figures including George Soros, David Brock of Media Matters, and failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton of  liberal fascism,  after his advertisers were reportedly  inundated with emails  from left-wing groups asking them to stop advertising on the show.  Breitbart",0
18582,"CNN HOSTS PANIC When Congressman, Lawyer Says Feds Need To Investigate Seth Rich Murder During Russia-Trump Collusion Discussion [VIDEO]","Caller-Times: Speaking on CNN Wednesday, the fourth-term congressman refuted a widely believed conclusion that the Russian government interfered with the U.S. presidential election to aid President Donald Trump s campaign and instead indicated a conspiracy theory about a slain Democratic National Committee staffer could be true. My fear is our constant focusing on the Russians is deflecting away for some other things that we need to be investigating,  Farenthold said on the network.  There s still some question as to whether the intrusion of the DNC server was an insider job or whether or not it was the Russians. Later Wednesday, Farenthold elaborated on his opinion of how the investigation should be handled in a phone interview with the Caller-Times. The death should be investigated in the same manner Russian interference has been reviewed, he said. That should be a part of the ongoing investigation into alleged Russian interference in the election, because that s an alternative theory that deserves being looked at,  Farenthold said.Watch how quickly CNN hosts John Berman and Poppy Harlow attack Congressman Farenthold when he even suggests there s something suspicious about the supposed  robbery gone bad  (where no valuables were stolen) that lead to the murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich. JUST NOW @farenthold on @CNN suggests the DNC hack was an  insider job,"" sources  stuff circulating on the internet  https://t.co/97zytNWHVR  Haley Draznin (@haleydraz) May 24, 2017While he has not formed an opinion on the nature of Rich s death, Farenthold said the theory that it was a retaliatory killing for leaking committee information is  as credible as the anonymous sources being cited in the (Former-FBI Director James) Comey and Russian stories against President Trump. Farenthold said the Russian conclusion is premature until there s a review of Democratic committee s computer system by an independent investigator. We re relying only on the report of somebody that the DNC contracted to examine their computer rather than having federal officials,  Farenthold said. To me, we need to let the feds look at it. Watch: ",0
18583,LISTEN TO THEM LAUGH! Undercover VIDEO Captures Diabolical Remarks At National ABORTION Federation Conference…”An Eyeball Just Fell Into My Lap..And That’s Gross”,"A shocking new video has just been released by the Center for Medical Progress, the undercover investigative group that in 2015 released videos showing that Planned Parenthood affiliates have profited from selling the body parts of aborted babies.This latest video is a preview of footage that CMP investigators gathered at the 2014 and 2015 National Abortion Federation conventions, attended by hundreds of members of the abortion industry each year. (The NAF is a major trade group of North American abortion providers, and Planned Parenthood makes up about 50 percent of its members and leadership.)Notice the audience laughing at some of the most vile comments you have ever heard about the killing and dismembering of babies in the womb:https://youtu.be/Sq1ycCmX3uUHere are some of the most horrifying remarks from the brand-new undercover footage. Attendees made some of these comments during official presentations, and others directly to undercover CMP investigators.Dr. Lisa Harris, the medical director of Planned Parenthood of Michigan: Given that we actually see the fetus the same way, and given that we might actually both agree that there s violence in here. . . . Let s just give them all the violence, it s a person, it s killing, let s just give them all that.Dr. Ann Schutt-Aine, the director of abortion services for Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast (which has been referred to local law-enforcement for criminal charges related to fetal-tissue trafficking): If I m doing a procedure, and I m seeing that I m in fear that it s about to come to the umbilicus [navel], I might ask for a second set of forceps to hold the body at the cervix and pull off a leg or two, so it s not PBA [partial-birth abortion].Dr. Stacy De-Lin, the director of abortion services for Planned Parenthood of New York City: But we certainly do intact D&Es [dilation and extraction, otherwise known as partial-birth abortion, a method that is illegal under federal law].Dr. Uta Landy, the founder of the Consortium of Abortion Providers (CAPS), Planned Parenthood Federation of America (PPFA): An eyeball just fell down into my lap, and that is gross! [laughter from the crowd]Talcott Camp, the deputy director of the ACLU s Reproductive Health Freedom Project: I m like   Oh my God! I get it! When the skull is broken, that s really sharp! I get it! I understand why people are talking about getting that skull out, that calvarium. Dr. Susan Robinson, an abortion provider at Planned Parenthood Mar Monte: The fetus is a tough little object, and taking it apart, I mean, taking it apart on Day One is very difficult. . . . You go in there, and you go,  Am I getting the uterus or the fetus? Oh, good, fetus. [Robinson makes a stabbing sound effect] What have I got? Nothing. Let s try again. Below are some comments from the footage that provide further evidence of Planned Parenthood s involvement in illegally profiting from fetal-tissue trafficking.Dr. Leslie Drummond, an abortion provider at Planned Parenthood Mar Monte (a PPFA affiliate that contracted with a biotech firm to be paid per fetal organ provided): I get a lot of oohs and ahhs from StemExpress [biotech firm]. You know, they re wanting livers. . . . Last week I was in Sacramento, and she said,  I need four intact limbs.  And I said, you want what?This part of the video should dispel any doubt Americans had about Planned Parenthood selling baby parts for profit:Dr. Stacy De-Lin, the director of abortion services for Planned Parenthood of NYC: But I think a financial incentive from you guys [CMP investigators posing as tissue buyers] is going to be like . . .  the people who we have to get this approved from will be very happy about it. Dr. Paul Blumenthal, the former medical director for PP of Maryland: I know Planned Parenthood sells a lot of stuff [fetal organs] to people. Both the NAF and Planned Parenthood sought and obtained a preliminary injunction against the Center for Medical Progress to prevent the release of these undercover videos. That civil suit is currently on appeal. But California s attorney general took matters into his own hands in late March, charging CMP investigators David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt with 14 felony counts of illegally recording  confidential communications.  The state refuses to name the 14 accusers in the criminal case, even though Daleiden and Merritt have themselves been charged publicly.Read more at: National Review",0
18584,TRIGGERED! FORMER CIA AGENT: ‘Trey Gowdy Ought to Have His A** Kicked’ [Video],"Former CIA Agent Phil Mudd is a jackwagon! He threatened Congressman Trey Gowdy after hearing video of questioning from Gowdy to Ex-CIA Director John Brennan. Mudd made the threat that Gowdy should have his  a** kicked . Who says something like that on National TV?https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=3&v=qLw5q_d1PxUNotice how the anchors on CNN say nothing back to Mudd to knock it off. They probably loved the threat.In case you missed it: Trey Gowdy asked a pointed question of former CIA Director Brennan:  Did you have evidence of a connection between the Trump campaign and Russian state actors?  Brennan replied:  As I said, Mr. Gowdy, I don t do evidence. BOOM! ANOTHER EPIC FAIL FOR THE DEEP STATE AS TREY GOWDY MAKES A COMPLETE FOOL OF JOHN BRENNAN:ANOTHER EPIC FAIL For the Resistance as Trey Gowdy makes a complete fool of John BrennanAGAIN, ZERO EVIDENCE Trump Colluded w/ Russia   pic.twitter.com/iCzNaEMT9C   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) May 23, 2017 BRENNAN WAS ASKED BY ADAM SCHIFF AND REPLIED THAT TRUMP NEVER PRESSURED TO HAVE THE FLYNN INVESTIGATION DROPPED: EX-CIA Chief John Brennan testified today before the House today and dropped a bomb of truth that President Trump didn t pressure the intelligence community to drop the Flynn investigation: Adam Schiff:  With respect to the allegations made recently that the President or his aides may have sought to enlist the member of the IC or Director Comey himself to drop the Flynn investigation, uh have any members of the IC shared with you their concerns that the President was attempting to enlist the help of the people in the intelligence community to drop the Flynn investigation? Brennan:  No, sir. Adam Schiff:  Are you aware of any efforts the President has made who enlist the support of the intelligence community personnel to push back on a narrative involving the collusion issue that Mr. Rooney was asking about? Brennan:  I am unaware of it. NOT A GOOD DAY FOR POLITICAL HACK JOHN BRENNAN!",0
18585,PARENTS OUTRAGED! FEMALE TEACHERS Get Into Major Brawl In Classroom…Terrified Students Scream In Horror [Video],"A Georgia middle school science teacher and a paraprofessional got into a vicious classroom brawl   in front of horrified students who captured the fight on video. The two women, who have not been identified, started throwing punches at one another May 19 at Stone Mountain Middle School. From what I think I know the teachers were arguing about a teacher, a male teacher, and they started arguing and it went on for about three to five minutes,  a student told the network.  Everyone was screaming like stop, stop, stop. Cellphone video shows one of the women repeatedly punching the other in the face as two students try to break up the fight, to no avail.The brawl eventually was broken up by school staff.The school sent a letter home to parents saying two women had  engaged in a physical altercation that caused a major disturbance in a classroom  and that both would be disciplined. The interaction and conduct in the video is completely unacceptable and contrary to our district s tenets and core principles,  school officials said in a statement.  Those staff members that participated in the conduct have been removed from the learning environment. Both women were arrested and charged with disorderly conduct in a public place.Shokingly, they will be allowed to keep their jobs pending the outcome of the school district s investigation.",0
18586,WHAT THE MEDIA’S NOT TELLING YOU About The Manchester Terror Attack [VIDEO],"Just another nice immigrant family trying to assimilate in the country who so generously took them in The 22-year-old British-born attacker was heard  chanting Islamic prayers loudly in the street  outside his home in the south of the city. Not that anyone reported him. That would have been  Islamophobic. It s a good thing we have Theresa May and the rest to tell us that this has nothing to do with Islam. He was chanting Islamic prayers loudly in the street : Neighbours of British-born Manchester suicide bomber tell of his  strange behaviour  in the weeks before deadly attack,  by Nick Fagge, Paul Thompson and Julian Robinson, MailOnline, May 23, 2017: ",0
18587,WOW! IS SEAN HANNITY’S Job With FOX News In Jeopardy Over Seth Rich Investigation?,"What the heck is going on over at FOX News, the cable news network that used to be the only place on TV that Americans could go to for truth?Sean Hannity is one of the few conservative voices with a massive audience who is willing to stick his neck out and risk his career to get the truth out behind the murder of 27-year old DNC staffer Seth Rich.After the notorious hacker Kim Dot.com tweeted about his claim to have evidence that Seth Rich was the person who sent the DNC emails to Wikileaks, Sean Hannity responded to him. Hannity even asked Dotcom to appear on his show, hoping that he would reveal evidence that Seth Rich was the person who sent the DNC emails to Wikileaks, and NOT the Russians.Here was the first email from Kim Dotcom where he claims to have known Seth Rich and that Rich was the Wikileaks source.  Dotcom also claims he was involved in the email exchange.I knew Seth Rich. I know he was the @Wikileaks source. I was involved. https://t.co/MbGQteHhZM  Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) May 20, 2017Sean Hannity responded to Kim Dotcom s tweet:You are the evidence? Can you explain that in more detail? https://t.co/9oOP3mYOn9  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 20, 2017Hannity then invited Kim Dotcom to appear on his show and share the evidence he has that Rich was the DNC leaker with his audience:Stay tuned. Public invitation Kim Dotcom to be a guest on radio and TV. #GameChanger Buckle up destroy Trump media. Sheep that u all are!!! https://t.co/3qLwXCGl6z  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 20, 2017Kim Dotcom applauded Hannity for pursuing the Rich case:Congress, investigate Seth Rich Murder! @JulianAssange made comments u need to listen to! If Seth was wiki source, no Trump/Russia collusion https://t.co/QPHZwypU34  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 22, 2017The flailing cable network station FOX News, that just fell into 3rd place in the ratings after firing their top host Bill O Reilly, made a public statement today about Sean Hannity s investigation into the murder of Seth Rich and the possibility that he was the DNC leaker.From FOX News:On May 16, a story was posted on the Fox News website on the investigation into the 2016 murder of DNC Staffer Seth Rich. The article was not initially subjected to the high degree of editorial scrutiny we require for all our reporting. Upon appropriate review, the article was found not to meet those standards and has since been removed.We will continue to investigate this story and will provide updates as warranted.After FOX News disavowed the Seth Rich story, liberal rag  The Daily Beast  published a story with unnamed sources at FOX News who were  embarrassed  by Sean Hannity pursuing this story, claiming he had  no evidence .Sean Hannity re-tweeted their baseless, nameless story here:Very interesting. My heart is not troubled in the least. Night all. https://t.co/MgOow2XVYu  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 23, 2017It s interesting how leftist publications are circling conservative media like a bunch of vultures trying to shut down anyone who questions the Seth Rich   DNC emails connection to Wikileaks, calling it  embarrassing  because there is  no evidence , yet they ve been carrying on with an investigation into Trump-Russia collusion during the election that has not yielded an ounce of evidence. But that s somehow not  embarrassing?  Sorry hypocrites, you can t have it both ways Haha Shocking. ""Anonymous sources"" again!! Name names!!Maybe these anonymous people can work at @CNN and help with Fake News. Or I can .. https://t.co/1PCHjEjnC7  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 23, 2017Hannity also tweeted about the media hypocrisy here:And if you dare ASK AN HONEST QUESTION, now it's a ""conspiracy theory with, NO PROOF"". Greatest hypocrisy ever. STAY TUNED! Busy week. https://t.co/Or7zCqZOFl  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 23, 2017Sean Hannity to his credit, has stayed the course and is sticking his neck out to get the truth out about Seth Rich. Only a few hours ago, Hannity tweeted about his bombshell announcement about Seth Rich tonight, and curiously, he also tweeted about his  future at FOX!  Who s pulling the strings at FOX these days? Huge announcement tonight about Seth Rich, Trump/Russian Collusion corrupt media, the liberal effort to silence me. And my future at Fox!  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 23, 2017Did George Soros get to the liberal Murdoch brothers? It would appear that Hannity may be suggesting they are in this tweet:I said publicly over and over to the Rich Family they are in my thoughts and prayers. I m trying to find the truth as the Mom Dad bro asked https://t.co/op11hVRlWW  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 23, 2017The more attention the Seth Rich case gets, the more the left is freaking out. Watch sanctimonious and as far as we know, the jobless Keith Olbermann (he lists his job as a  GQ correspondent  in his Twitter profile) tell his massive audience on Twitter (only 169 people  liked  his video) that Seth Rich was murdered in a  botched robbery .  Sorry Keith Bozo, but when nothing of value is stolen from the body of the person you were  robbing  it s not really considered a  robbery. NEW VIDEO: If you're one of the scum selling this Seth Rich story to deflect from this scum Trump: Burn In Hell pic.twitter.com/6Iut1RB8av  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) May 22, 2017The left will stop at nothing to keep this story out of the news and to keep the focus on a Trump-Russia narrative that to date, has not provided one shred of actual evidence to their claim.  Tonight could be a make it or break it night for Sean Hannity and his career with FOX News. No matter what happens on Hannity s show tonight, he s a hero in our eyes for at least pursuing the possibility that something other than the contrived Trump-Russia narrative put forth by the Democrats and their allies in the media could actually be the truth Here s to Hannity making conservatives proud again! ",0
18588,BOOM! TREY GOWDY Hammers Ex-CIA Chief [Video],"Trey Gowdy asked a pointed question of former CIA Director Brennan:  Did you have evidence of a connection between the Trump campaign and Russian state actors?  Brennan replied:  As I said, Mr. Gowdy, I don t do evidence. BOOM! ANOTHER EPIC FAIL FOR THE DEEP STATE AS TREY GOWDY MAKES A COMPLETE FOOL OF JOHN BRENNAN:ANOTHER EPIC FAIL For the Resistance as Trey Gowdy makes a complete fool of John BrennanAGAIN, ZERO EVIDENCE Trump Colluded w/ Russia   pic.twitter.com/iCzNaEMT9C   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) May 23, 2017  BRENNAN WAS ASKED BY ADAM SCHIFF AND REPLIED THAT TRUMP NEVER PRESSURED TO HAVE THE FLYNN INVESTIGATION DROPPED: EX-CIA Chief John Brennan testified today before the House today and dropped a bomb of truth that President Trump didn t pressure the intelligence community to drop the Flynn investigation: Adam Schiff:  With respect to the allegations made recently that the President or his aides may have sought to enlist the member of the IC or Director Comey himself to drop the Flynn investigation, uh have any members of the IC shared with you their concerns that the President was attempting to enlist the help of the people in the intelligence community to drop the Flynn investigation? Brennan:  No, sir. Adam Schiff:  Are you aware of any efforts the President has made who enlist the support of the intelligence community personnel to push back on a narrative involving the collusion issue that Mr. Rooney was asking about? Brennan:  I am unaware of it. NOT A GOOD DAY FOR POLITICAL HACK JOHN BRENNAN!",0
18589,DINGBAT NANCY STRIKES AGAIN! Watch Nancy Pelosi Refer To NRA As Part Of Intelligence Committee [VIDEO],"Let s play a fun game called,  What the hell did Nancy just say? Every time Nancy opens her mouth, she proves that President Trump s election has caused her and her dingbat counterpart Rep. Maxine Waters to become completely unhinged.Here is the transcript from Nancy Pelosi s most recent appearance at the Peter G. Peterson Foundation s 2017 Fiscal Summit. Can someone please tell us exactly what Nancy is trying to say here? Talk about Russia s undermining our elections. They did it. Thisss .isss (mumble, mumble) isn t any question. They hacked, they leaked, they disrupted. The question is, was there collusion between the (mumble) campaign and the next. You can t know until you have the full-fledged (mumble mumble). To have a President say to the. If he did. To the uh director of the FBI or the DNI, the Director of National Intelligence, or the NRA .person that um uh that that uh that they should uh not go forward uh it raises questions that uh needs to be answered in a facts and law way and not a hearsay Watch:As if Nancy s ridiculous NRA slip wasn t bad enough, she goes on to clarify why she is uniquely qualified to speak on such important matters as Russian collusion with the Trump campaign because of her vast experience in working with the United States intelligence community, in fact, Nancy claims she has  more  experience than  anyone  else. Too bad she doesn t even know the NRA isn t part of the intelligence community: ",0
18590,OSAMA BIN LADEN’S YOUNGEST WIFE Speaks Out For First Time: Tells Chaotic Story Of Night U.S. Navy SEALs Killed Her “Frightened” Husband,"The family of Osama bin Laden has spoken out for the first time about what it was like to watch the 9/11 mastermind and al-Qaeda terrorist die in a hail of US military gunfire.Amal bin Laden, the fourth and youngest wife of the man who was at the top of the US s most wanted list for over a decade, has recounted the story of the night he died at the hands of SEAL special forces.She and their six children lived in their  safe house  in the mountains of Abbottabad in Pakistan when bin Ladin was killed on May 11, 2011.Amal bin Laden told the story of the night to Cathy Scott-Clarke and Adrian Levy for their book The Exile: The Flight of Osama bin Laden, which has been excerpted in the Sunday Times UK.Along with Amal bin Laden and her children, also living in the house was bin Laden s second wife Khairiah and third wife Seham and son Khalid, 22.First wife Najwa had married him as a teen and bore him 11 children, but left him two days before the 9/11 attacks.By 11pm on May 1, 2011, after dinner, the dishes, and prayer, bin Laden was fast asleep while his fourth wife lie next to him.Outside, the streets were dark due to an electricity shortage, something that was a common occurrence in the area, but Amal awoke uneasily just past midnight.She heard a chop chop chop sound and thought she saw shadows dancing on the windows.Bin Laden sat up, looking frightened. Americans are coming,  he said, panting. Then there was a loud screeching noise and the house rocked.The pair clutched at each other and crept to the balcony. It was a moonless night and difficult to see,  Amal said.On the lawn, out of their sight, were two US military Black Hawks, and 24 SEALs were stealthily rushing over the lawn and towards the compound.Up on the second floor balcony, Seham and Khalid could see the Americans approaching.Bin Laden called to his son to come to him and, still in his pajamas, Khalid grabbed an AK-47, which Amal knew he hadn t fired since he was 13.Amal and Seham comforted the children, who were crying. They all went to the top floor and huddled.They heard a blast as the SEALs blew off the gate to the house. They want me, not you,  bin Laden finally said, telling his family to go downstairs. But oldest daughters Miriam and Sumaiya hid on the balcony while Seham and son Khalid went downstairs.Upstairs, Amal, bin Laden and their young son Hussein remained in the room and prayed. Amal said she realized someone within their inner circle had betrayed them.The SEALs were now in a hallway and blasted a locked door before heading upwards.One of the forces members, who spoke Arabic and knew what Khalid looked like, called to him, and when Khalid glanced over the balcony, he was shot.Sumaiya and Miriam rushed the SEALs but they were quickly flicked against a wall by the Arabic-speaking man.SEAL Robert O Neill walked past them and entered the room. Amal was in front of her husband. She rushed O Neill and was shot by someone as other SEALs entered the room.Amal felt pain tear through her leg and she collapsed onto the bed and passed out.O Neill would later describe shooting bin Laden, and thinking  He s going down .More SEALS crashed into the room and fired rounds into bin Laden.Meanwhile, Amal said she awoke but knew she had to play dead. She closed her eyes and tried to slow her breathing.Little Hussein, who had witnessed everything, was grabbed by a SEAL, and water was thrown in his face, according to Amal.She remained motionless as Miram and Sumaiya were grabbed by the forces and held over the bodies of their father, and voices demanded that they make an identification.At first Miriam gave a fake name, but Sumaiya said  Tell them the truth, they are not Pakastanis . My father,  Miriam said.  Osama bin Laden. Safiyah, then 11, was hiding on the balcony when he was also grabbed by a SEAL and told to make an identification. Safiyah was crying hysterically but told the men it was her father.Khairiah, who was in the hallway, was also grabbed by a SEAL.  Stop f***ing with me,  the SEAL yelled, according to the account.  Who s that? Osama,  she murmured. For entire story: Daily MailNavy SEAL Robert O Neill who tells his story of how they found and how he killed Osama Bin Laden to FOX News here:",0
18591,"COWARDLY “CBS, YAHOO Writer” Who Wished Trump Would DIE Before Inauguration, Makes Disgusting “Joke” About Dead Kids At Ariana Grande Concert","Just before Donald Trump s inauguration, David Leavitt who claims he writes for CBS and Yahoo said he wished Trump would die before his inauguration. CBS denies he works for them or has ever worked for them. Well, that was back in November and Levitt s profile on Twitter still says he s a contributor to CBS:Comedian and political commentator Mark Dice actually made a video exposing Daniel Leavitt, who claims to be a  member of the press  and the vile remarks he made about our President:Here is Leavitt s response to the outrage over his disgusting comments:If I knew that I'd gain over 500 followers within 12 hours of angering sexist racist #trump supporters, I'd have done it sooner #ImWithHer  David Leavitt (@David_Leavitt) November 30, 2016Because what could possibly be funnier than a terrorist attack in a  stadium packed with young innocent children right David? Apparently Leavitt who has no obvious conscience, doubled down on his sick joke and instead of deleting it after realizing that he was receiving quite a bit of backlash, he attempted to make another joke asking,  too soon? Leavitt is no stranger to making sick  jokes  about dead people. Just last week he made another sick joke about the death of Roger Ailes:Every day liberals confirm to independent and Democrat voters who have two brain cells to rub together, why the majority of Americans truly believe liberalism is a mental disorder.Here are a few more tweets by a guy who gets paid to write for major publications that every day Americans accept as actual news. ***WARNING*** Some of the tweets contain strong language:And lastly, from a guy who was bashing Comey on Twitter, there s this post from a stereotypical liberal: ",0
18592,O’REILLY BLASTS FOX NEWS’ Liberal Murdoch Brothers After Disastrous Viewer Ratings Are Revealed,"It looks like Bill O Reilly is getting the last laugh When the Fox News Channel fired cable news giant Bill O Reilly in April, reports surfaced revealing Fox News  owner, the Murdoch family, wanting to move the network in a different direction. Out with the old guard, in with the new. More hosts similar to Megyn Kelly, who is now at NBC News, fewer like the ones who built the network from the ground up, including O Reilly.About one month later, Fox News has a completely different news lineup, and the results thus far have been nothing short of disastrous.On Thursday, TV Newser reported Fox News, which once dominated its competitors in virtually every timeslot, is now losing across the board in the key 25-54 demographic.The results are most notable in primetime, which used to carry Fox News  most reliable audience. Now, Fox News is running a distant third to hosts who previously drew audiences half the size of O Reilly s.On Thursday, at the 7 p.m. hour, Fox News   The Story,  hosted by Martha MacCallum, lost by more than 100,000 viewers in the 25-54 demographic to CNN s  OutFront  with Erin Burnett. Chris Matthews   Hardball  beat MacCallum by nearly 60,000 viewers.At 8 p.m., Fox News   Tucker Carlson Tonight  lost to both CNN s Anderson Cooper and MSNBC s  All In  with Chris Hayes.At 9 p.m., Fox News Channel s  The Five  was absolutely demolished by Cooper and MSNBC s  The Rachel Maddow Show,  which won the key demographic by more than 200,000 viewers.Of all the Fox News hosts in primetime, Sean Hannity performed the best, although he still finished third to  CNN Tonight  with Don Lemon and MSNBC s  The Last Word  with Lawrence O Donnell.Through May 18, Fox News Channel s total audience in May remained larger than its cable-news competitors, including CNN and MSNBC, according to Nielsen Media Research.O Reilly, who joins Glenn Beck on  The Glenn Beck Program  every Friday, told Beck on Friday there s  no doubt  that  Fox News has a problem. They have a problem,  O Reilly said.  Fox News has a problem. There s no doubt about it. Whenever you lose a key person in any industry, competitive industry, sports, media, you better have a plan. And it doesn t look like FNC has a plan.  The Blaze",0
18593,CNN REPORTER EMBARRASSES Himself With Idiotic Response After Former “Face The Nation” Host Praises Trump’s Saudi Arabia Speech [VIDEO],"Bob Schieffer is an old-school newsman. There s no doubt that the former Face the Nationhost leans left, but he is still capable of reporting, you know, the news. That is too much for denizens of the modern MSM to tolerate.On today s Reliable Sources on CNN, Schieffer reported the glaringly obvious truth: that President Trump gave a good speech in Saudi Arabia today. Guest host John Berman had to push back:  you know, Bob, though, that there will be people who look at that last comment you made and say you re normalizing the president. Schieffer gave the perfect response: he wasn t trying to normalize Trump, he was trying to do what reporters [are supposed to] do: report.Watch:",0
18594,D.C. BAR OWNER Where Seth Rich Was Last Seen Drops Bombshell: NO EMPLOYEES Of Bar Questioned By DC Police…Never Asked For Surveillance Tapes [VIDEO],"Last week, Private Investigator Rod Wheeler appeared on Fox5 news in DC with an update in the unsolved murder of DNC IT expert Seth Rich, claiming proof exists on Rich s laptop proving he was Julian Assange s source for leaked DNC emails during the 2016 election   an account in direct conflict to the Russian hacking narrative based on a discredited IT firm s report.Wheeler walked back his statements the next day, however the fuse was already lit  Weaponized autists on Reddit and 4chan began furiously digging back into the Seth Rich case for clues in the still unsolved murder   and they went deep.Among the findings were Seth Rich s Reddit account, email addresses, and Twitter accounts   one of which was in support of candidate Bernie Sanders. As an aside  before joining the DNC, Rich moved to Washington DC to take a job with polling and research firm Greenberg Quinlan Rosner  whose founder Stanley Greenberg was a senior advisor to President Bill Clinton.Reddit s the_donald goes darkAs Seth Rich posts reached a crescendo Friday night  dominating the front page of /r/The_Donald, the Conde Nast-linked website shut the  subreddit  down for around 12 hours following a moderator s unrelated declaration of war on the rest of Reddit over censorship  completely killing the Seth Rich momentum. When The_Donald was reopened, officially  to aid the Seth Rich effort   the offending moderator had been banned and two other mods were removed from their positions. Seth Rich posts, however, are notably sparse. Oh, and Reddit edited Seth Rich s account during the lockout.Meanwhile in New ZealandKim Dotcom is pissed   and has been plotting revenge against Hillary Clinton, Obama, and Hollywood after being targeted in the biggest copyright infringement case in history  which included a massive illegal (and then legal) raid on his New Zealand mansion by 76 armed officers and two helicopters.Dotcom tweets that Democrats attacked his family and stole his assets in a copyright infringement case and appears to be suggesting that he was paying them back by sending Rich s DNC emails to Wikileaks:Democrats destroyed my business, attacked my family, stole my assets in a pay4play strike for the @MPAACounterstrike:Trump Presidency   Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) May 19, 2017Sean Hannity has offered Dotcom a national platform (which Kim retweeted)I knew Seth Rich. I know he was the @Wikileaks source. I was involved. https://t.co/MbGQteHhZM  Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) May 20, 2017Dotcom accepts Hannity s offer to expose the DNC hacker on his Tuesday night show:Stay tuned. Public invitation Kim Dotcom to be a guest on radio and TV. #GameChanger Buckle up destroy Trump media. Sheep that u all are!!! https://t.co/3qLwXCGl6z  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 20, 2017Kim Dot.com hits the Democrats and their #FakeNews partners with this tweet where he s putting them on notice that they re about to be exposed:How will Democrats and their #FakeNews partners brush away the fact that I had insider knowledge about upcoming leaks? #SethRich https://t.co/SwFLGbeUbQ  Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) May 21, 2017Meanwhile, Wikileaks founder Julian Assange just doubled down on his  silence  about #SethRich being the DNC leaker with this interesting tweet this morning that Kim Dot.com retweeted:WikiLeaks has never disclosed a source. Sources sometimes talk to other parties but identities never emerge from WikiLeaks. #SethRich  Julian Assange   (@JulianAssange) May 22, 2017Sean Hannity, Rush Limbaugh and Newt Gingrich all discussed the mysterious murder of DNC staffer last week, who, according to Rich s parents was getting ready to work for Hillary s campaign when he was murdered on his way home from a local bar late at night. Here is a compilation of Hannity and Limbaugh s remarks on the Rich case:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXn6FzWBS4oWhy were no employees of Joe s City Bar where Rich was last seen questioned about his final hours leading up to his murder? Why was the surveillance tape in the bar not seen by investigators? WND A manager of the Washington, D.C., bar where Democratic National Committee worker Seth Rich was last spotted hours before he was shot and killed last summer told WND that D.C. police officers never interviewed the bar s staff or requested any evidence from the bar, including the bar s surveillance video from that night, as part of an investigation into Rich s murder.The revelation backs up a claim made by a private investigator who worked on the case who said D.C. police were told to  stand down  on the investigation.WND also can report that the investigator recently was ordered to  cease and desist  his work on the murder case. The police never asked for the surveillance video from that night,  a manager of Lou s City Bar told WND.His name is being withheld for this story.He said the bar s surveillance video runs in a cycle of 30 days and that, by now, any footage that may have existed of Rich the last night he was seen alive has been taped over.Furthermore, the manager said police never asked for any other kind of evidence from the bar such as Rich s bar receipt from that night. The manager did note he wasn t sure if Rich paid using a credit card or cash. Seth Rich s girlfriend, best friend and parents all speak out about the brutal murder that DC detectives are calling a  botched robbery  that left Rich dead while leaving all of his valuables, including his wallet on his person. Seth Rich s parents admitted that after Seth was shot, police reported that he was  quite talkative . If Seth was  quite talkative,  then why aren t there any leads on his killers? Seth s parents appear to be Hillary sycophants. They appear to be very proud of their son as they tell Crime Watch Daily that he was just getting ready to go to work for Hillary s campaign. They also adamantly stand behind the Democrat Party and claim they are angered by any claim that a hit was ordered on Rich by online citizen journalists.As more and more evidence is being revealed about Rich s possible role as the leaker of the DNC emails to Wikileaks, the attitude of Seth s parents towards citizen journalists has taken a surprising turn. In this video that was just released, Rich s parents appear to be praising the work of citizen journalists that are forcing the investigation into Seth Rich s death via social media.https://twitter.com/RedPillDropper/status/866071104112209921According to research conducted by a 4Chan citizen journalists, Joseph Capone, the owner of Lou s City Bar where Rich was last seen alive, visited the East Wing of the White House 4 days before the murder of Seth Rich.A visit by a Joseph P. Capone to the East Wing of the White House on July is verified on the government White House visitor log website. We cannot verify that this is the same Joe Capone who owns Lou s City bar where Seth was last seen. According the White House Museum website, the East Wing is reserved for  the first lady and her staff, including the White House social secretary and correspondence staff.:Crime Watch Daily investigated the murder of Seth Rich and compiled an interesting video that includes interviews with Seth s girlfriend, best friend and parents.Although there are pockets of darkness, for the most part this neighborhood is pretty well-lit. Investigators tell Crime Watch Daily in the early morning hours of July 10, Seth was walking home. He was only about a block and a half away from home when he was gunned down, shot in the back. The officers who were there and they said  Yeah, he was quite talkative, he did not realize he had been shot,'  said Joel Rich, Seth s father.But an hour and a half later at a nearby hospital, Seth was pronounced dead.Heartbreaking news to Kelsey Mulka. She was just on the phone with him, and in a split-second he was gone. Now Mulka is breaking news in our exclusive interview, revealing details, telling Crime Watch Daily there was no sign of trouble in his voice that terrible morning. ",0
18595,THE PROBLEM WITH ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION…Explained As If You Were 5-Years-Old," Among the findings:A Complex Fiscal Picture Welfare use. Our findings show that many of the preconceived notions about the fiscal impact of illegal households turn out to be inaccurate. In terms of welfare use, receipt of cash assistance programs tends to be very low, while Medicaid use, though significant, is still less than for other households. Only use of food assistance programs is significantly higher than that of the rest of the population. Also, contrary to the perceptions that illegal aliens don t pay payroll taxes, we estimate that more than half of illegals work  on the books.  On average, illegal households pay more than $4,200 a year in all forms of federal taxes. Unfortunately, they impose costs of $6,950 per household.The Impact of Amnesty. Finally, our estimates show that amnesty would significantly increase tax revenue. Because both their income and tax compliance would rise, we estimate that under the most likely scenario the average illegal alien household would pay 77 percent ($3,200) more a year in federal taxes once legalized. While not enough to offset the 118 percent ($8,200) per household increase in costs that would come with legalization, amnesty would significantly increase both the average income and tax payments of illegal aliens.What s Different About Today s Immigration. Many native-born Americans observe that their ancestors came to America and did not place great demands on government services. Perhaps this is true, but the size and scope of government were dramatically smaller during the last great wave of immigration. Not just means-tested programs, but expenditures on everything from public schools to roads were only a fraction of what they are today. Thus, the arrival of unskilled immigrants in the past did not have the negative fiscal implications that it does today. Moreover, the American economy has changed profoundly since the last great wave of immigration, with education now the key determinant of economic success. The costs that unskilled immigrants impose simply reflect the nature of the modern American economy and welfare state. It is doubtful that the fiscal costs can be avoided if our immigration policies remain unchanged. Center For Immigration Study",0
18596,BREAKING NEWS: Reince Priebus Makes Early Return Home From Trump’s First Foreign Trip,"The White House confirmed to FOX Business that Priebus would be heading back to Washington D.C. after the stop in Saudi Arabia, part of the president s visit to the Middle East, and insisted this was always part of the administration s plan.Natalie Strom, assistant press secretary at the White House, told FOX Business,  It has always been planned for Reince to return to Washington following the Saudi Arabia portion of the trip. It s a big week in D.C. for the president s agenda with our budget release coming soon and discussions continuing on tax reform, so he s needed back at home for that. When asked which other officials would be coming home, Strom said,  Only a few senior administration officials are staying on for the whole trip, which is typical for these kinds of trips. They re attending the stops that most pertain to their responsibilities. Off the top of my head I know that Secretary [of State] Tillerson and General McMaster won t be on for the entirety. As FOX Business reported Friday, Priebus s position in the White House is once again in jeopardy as National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn and Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney are a few of the candidates under consideration to replace him if the president decides to go that route, according to sources close to the situation.On Friday, the White House did not deny the possibility that Priebus could be replaced.While the administration may believe it s typical for some officials to stay and others to head home, according to experts outside the White House, it s unusual for a chief of staff to head home early on such an important trip.   FOX Business ",0
18597,DEMOCRAT CHAIRMAN YELLS “All Together Now…F*ck Donald Trump!”…Crowd Shoots Middle Finger At Stage [VIDEO],"AP reported:California s elected Democrats had tough words for President Donald Trump and the GOP Congress on Saturday, urging their party s fired-up activists to work against the 14 Republicans in the state s congressional delegation.The party s leaders blasted Trump s alleged ties to Russia and presented California as the epicenter of liberal resistance to the president. The world, literally the world, is counting on all of you, counting on California to reject Trump s deception and destructiveness,  said Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom, who is among a crowded field of Democrats running for governor next year.U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris, often mentioned as a potential candidate for president in 2020, accused Trump of putting  Russia first, America second. In a sign of the vigor of the party s distaste for the president, outgoing party Chair John Burton, a longtime Democratic lawmaker and powerbroker known for his blunt and profane manner, extended two middle fingers in the air as the crowd cheered and joined him. F  Donald Trump,  he said:Outgoing @ca_dem chair @Johnburton gets standing O w final words to his party, finger upraised:  F@ck Donald Trump!  pic.twitter.com/VIqNQlhDJc  Carla Marinucci (@cmarinucci) May 20, 2017And we though Tom Perez was bad!",0
18598,DEMOCRAT CHAIRMAN YELLS “All Together Now…F*ck Donald Trump!” [Video],"The classless Democrats are at it again. The over-the-top potty talk by the Chairman Tom Perez was bad enough but now the California Dem Chairman has raised the bar on nastiness. He prompts the crowd to yell out  F@ck Donald Trump!  The kicker is that Nancy Pelosi was caught laughing with the crowd. How unbelievably childish are these people?AP reported:California s elected Democrats had tough words for President Donald Trump and the GOP Congress on Saturday, urging their party s fired-up activists to work against the 14 Republicans in the state s congressional delegation.The party s leaders blasted Trump s alleged ties to Russia and presented California as the epicenter of liberal resistance to the president. The world, literally the world, is counting on all of you, counting on California to reject Trump s deception and destructiveness,  said Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom, who is among a crowded field of Democrats running for governor next year.U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris, often mentioned as a potential candidate for president in 2020, accused Trump of putting  Russia first, America second. In a sign of the vigor of the party s distaste for the president, outgoing party Chair John Burton, a longtime Democratic lawmaker and powerbroker known for his blunt and profane manner, extended two middle fingers in the air as the crowd cheered and joined him. F  Donald Trump,  he said:Outgoing @ca_dem chair @Johnburton gets standing O w final words to his party, finger upraised:  F@ck Donald Trump!  pic.twitter.com/VIqNQlhDJc  Carla Marinucci (@cmarinucci) May 20, 2017And we though Tom Perez was bad!",0
18599,ALABAMA Takes Bold Steps to Protect Confederate Monuments After New Orleans’ Shameful Monument Removal,"Thank you Alabama! Protecting our history, good and bad, is so important! We ve included photos below of historic monuments being removed in New Orleans.Alabama lawmakers of Friday approved sweeping protections for Confederate monuments, names and other historic memorials, as some Southern cities rethink the appropriateness of keeping such emblems on public property.The measure  would prohibit the relocation, removal, alteration, renaming, or other disturbance of any architecturally significant building, memorial building, memorial street, or monument  that has stood on public property for 40 or more years,  it reads. Changes to names or memorials installed between 20 and 40 years ago would need permission from a new state commission.African-American lawmakers opposed the bill at every step of the legislative process, saying argued that solidifies a shameful legacy of slavery. You say we are protecting history. We are not protecting history. We are protecting monuments that represent oppression to a large part of the people in the state of Alabama,  said Sen. Hank Sanders, an African-American Democrat from Selma.Supporters argued that the measure should protect all kinds of history   not just Confederate symbols.Sen. Gerald Allen, the bill s Republican sponsor, criticized what he called a  wave of political correctness  wiping out monuments to people he said were historically significant even if they had their personal flaws.Read more: FOX News ",0
18600,HILARIOUS! FOX News’ Greg Gutfeld Introduces New Sponsor Of His Show…”Victima” [VIDEO],"At the start of the Fox News Greg Gutfeld Show, Gutfeld showed a hilarious clip mocking the hysteria of the Democrat Party. Gutfeld began his show by telling his viewers,  I m really excited to introduce a new sponsor to our show. It s a new drug. It s called  Victima'  Gutfeld went on to explain that the drug was created to help Democrats who are feeling defeated after the brutal election of Donald Trump cope:  When identity politics no longer work, try  Victima .America s been witnessing the embarrassing meltdown of liberals ever since President Trump shocked the world with his stinging defeat of Crooked Hillary, so Gutfeld decided to have a little fun by mocking the embarrassing behavior of the left.The voice in the commercial mimics the typical TV drug commercials with sappy music playing in the background:  It s not what it used to be. It used to be fine.The Democratic Party it s not performong.It s slow, sluggish, confused, prone to fits of despair. It may be time for  Victima . Victims, when your old identity politics no longer work, Victima gives you that added boost to get you to where you want to be. When I take Victima, I see everyone as a  racist . It really works. Watch:Ironically, FOX News fired Bob Beckel, the only liberal on the Gutfeld Show the day after this show aired, after he allegedly made a  racist  remark that offended a black employee working at FOX. Hmmm ",0
18601,IS TIM ALLEN’S “Last Man Standing” About To Be Revived After “Passionate” Conservatives Express Outrage Over ABC’s Decision To Cancel Show?,"Tim Allen took to Twitter to express his disappointment after discovering that the second highest rated comedy TV series on ABC,  Last Man Standing  was going to be cancelled:Stunned and blindsided by the network I called home for the last six years. #lastmanstanding  Tim Allen (@ofctimallen) May 16, 2017Many of his fans commented in support of his courage to stand up for his conservative views:Thanks for standing up and speaking out against the PC police for as long as you could, Tim.  Mark Dice (@MarkDice) May 16, 2017Conservative comedian Mark Dice also reminded him that his comments on a recent Jimmy Kimmel show about how it was tough to be a conservative in Hollywood, was likely the final straw that caused ABC to cancel his show: You calling out the Liberals for their insanity on Jimmy Kimmel was the last straw for the Network, but someone had to do it. Thanks, Tim!  Mark Dice (@MarkDice) May 16, 2017A petition was started last week by  Last Man Standing  fans and now has over 371K signatures. The petition asks ABC to reconsider their decision to cancel the  Last Man Standing  and to renew the show. Here is the LINK to that petition:The petition to ABC reads:Despite consistently high rankings, especially considering the time slot in which it is aired, Tim Allen s show  Last Man Standing  has been cancelled by the network on which it is aired, ABC. Last Man Standing stands out in the sea of network television sitcoms.  It is a show that appeals to a broad swath of Americans who find very few shows that extol the virtues with which they can identify; namely conservative values. Last Man Standing was not just selling conservative ideals though, as some of the characters in the show are clearly of the liberal persuasion, yet the characters on the show all manage to get along and take care of one another, despite their politically opposed views.  The show is about more than politics though, it is about family.  In fact, politics is only a secondary part of the show, but one in which many Americans can readily identify. Last Man Standing is one of the only shows on broadcast television, and the only sitcom, that is not constantly shoving liberal ideals down the throats of the viewers.  And sadly, that is likely the real reason the show has been cancelled.The intent of this petition/boycott is to attempt to get ABC to renew the show.  With that in mind, I will no longer be watching any ABC shows.  I have cancelled the DVR settings for the other ABC shows that I regularly watch.  If you want to help try to save Last Man Standing, I encourage you to do the same.  Even if you are not willing to boycott the network, but still want to save the show, please sign this petition and share it.  If you do plan to boycott ABC, please say so when you sign.  Let them hear our voices.Now, Studio 20th Century Fox Television is looking for a new home for canceled Tim Allen comedy  Last Man Standing. Speaking to Variety Thursday, studio presidents Jonnie Davis and Howard Kurtzman said that they were surprised by ABC s decision to pull the plug on the show. That s the one that s really an open sore right now,  Davis said. Kurtzman added,  We really were expecting a pickup. The fact that we didn t get a pickup was a surprise and a disappointment. I think no one was more disappointed than Tim Allen, such a huge star with such a huge following. But the series, which was ABC s second most-watched comedy last season behind  Modern Family,  may not be dead. Asked whether  Last Man Standing  would be shopped to other networks, Kurtzman said,  We re starting to explore that. If it s not going to go forward at ABC, of course Jonnie and I are hopeful that we can find another home for it. Political and social conservatives have been vocal in their disappointment over the show s end. Allen, its star and executive producer, is conservative and a supporter of President Trump.Speaking to reporters Tuesday, ABC entertainment president Channing Dungey denied that  Last Man Standing  was canceled because of Allen s right-leaning politics, and said that it was, instead, a scheduling decision.  Once we made the decision not to continue with comedy on Friday, it was just kind of that s where we landed,  she said.  VarietyTime will tell if ABC s fan base is more important to them than their liberal views ",0
18602,CNN’S ANDERSON “POOPER” Responds After Outcry Over ‘Crude’ Swipe At Trump Supporter [Video],"CNN host Anderson Cooper apologized for a  crude  remark directed at President Trump supporter Jeffrey Lord during his show on Friday, calling his comment  unprofessional.  IN CASE YOU MISSED IT, THE VIDEO IS BELOW THIS VIDEO OF THE APOLOGY.BTW, here's @anderscooper's on air apology for what he said were ""crude"" comments@realJeffreyLord still having a laugh about it pic.twitter.com/1gWuHqLPjY  Salvador Hernandez (@SalHernandez) May 20, 2017 During a segment on AC360, Cooper verbally sparred with Lord, a CNN political commentator, over revelations that Trump reportedly told Russian officials that former FBI Director James Comey is a  nut job  who was adding pressure to the ongoing investigation of possible interference in the 2016 election. Clearly frustrated with Lord s response to the matter, Cooper interrupted the conservative pundit and interjected with a not-so-subtle jab. If he took a dump on his desk, you would defend it,  Cooper told Lord.  I don t know what he would do that you would not defend. IN CASE YOU MISSED THIS HORRIBLE TV MOMENT:""If he took a dump on his desk you would defend it.""  @andersoncooper what?   pic.twitter.com/nD8ZfZKtVN  Salvador Hernandez (@SalHernandez) May 20, 2017 First it was the childish eye roll to Kellyanne Conway and now it s potty humor How professional!",0
18603,LOL! DEMOCRATS’ “Poster Child For Stupidity” Can’t Tell MSNBC Host What Her Party Stands For Besides Hating Trump [VIDEO],"Rep. Maxine Waters (D., Calif.) struggled Friday on MSNBC to explain what the Democratic Party stands for besides opposing President Trump.Waters has been one of the most outspoken critics of Trump in Congress, repeatedly calling for his impeachment and insisting that if investigators  connect the dots,  then his campaign s alleged collusion with Russia will become apparent.Given Waters  public profile as a staunch Trump opponent, MSNBC host Katy Tur asked the lawmaker what Democrats actually stand for beyond opposing Trump s agenda. Congresswoman, what do the Democrats stand for other than being against Donald Trump?  Tur asked.  What do you stand for other than trying to get Donald Trump impeached? Everyone knows that I am the ranking member of the Financial Services Committee and that I have spent many, many hours and days implementing the Dodd-Frank reforms,  Waters responded.The California Democrat proceeded to frame her work on Dodd-Frank in the context of opposing Republicans, which Tur noted. We pushed back on the Republicans, we fight against them,  Waters said.  [They] attempt[ed] to go get rid of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau before we came up with the reforms under Dodd-Frank. Tur pushed back. Are Democrats focusing enough on their ideas?  she asked.Waters then went on to explain how effective the Democrat Party has been in their organizing efforts to disrupt town halls where Republican political leaders are speaking to their constituents. Listen, if you have not been keeping up with the town halls that have been going on,  Waters said, referring to the protesters at many Republican town halls, where we have basically organized America around the [Affordable Care Act] and protected Obamacare and the thousands of people who have come out who now are very much informed about the difference between Obamacare and Trumpcare.   WFBWhat Maxine doesn t understand is that when Tea Party members attended town hall meetings across American and challenged their elected leaders on reckless tax legislation they didn t need to be organized by the Republican Party. Tea Party members weren t just targeting Democrat politicians, they were targeting anyone who they felt wasn t representing the people who elected them into office. ",0
18604,OUTRAGE! Student Threatens Violence Against Trump In High School Yearbook Quote,"The double standard here is unbelievable! We just reported on a high school student in big trouble for saying  Build the Wall  in her yearbook quote. That s pretty harmless but the school took back the yearbooks .Fast forward and a high school student wrote out their thoughts on President Trump in the yearbook I would like to behead him. I do not like him. See the huge difference here?MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO)   Just under a month after a Big Lake trap team s photo was banned from the high school yearbook, another high school yearbook photo is making news.For its 2017 yearbook, Brainerd High School dedicated a page to President Donald Trump. Editors asked students their thoughts on the president, and shared the quotes next to their picture.One sophomore said,  I would like to behead him. I do not like him. The photo went viral, sparking controversy on Twitter. Now, that student is telling her side of the story. I was so confused, because at first, I didn t ever remember saying that,  15-year-old Camryn said.Camryn   who asked WCCO not to reveal her last name   says she had no idea a conversation with a classmate last September would lead to nationwide attention. She says the classmate never said she was working for the yearbook when she asked about then-candidate Donald Trump. I did not say,  I want to behead him.  I did not say,  I am going to behead him.  I just said,  Well I m sure we all wouldn t mind him being beheaded,    something along those lines,  Camryn said.  But there was never the direct quote,  I do not like him. I would like to behead him. That conversation exploded on social media 8 months later, with the help of at least one celebrity. Former  Joanie Loves Chachi  actor Scott Baio shared the photo, tagging the president, the FBI, Sean Hannity and Kellyanne Conway.Read more: CBS",0
18605,CA: STATE LEGISLATORS Want Traffic Fines To Be Tied To Income…Because Of “Racism”,"Punishing rich, hard-working, white Americans one piece of legislation at a time California s state legislature is considering a bill that would change how the state assess traffic fines. Instead of a flat rate, the state would charge people depending on how much money they made. The less you make, the less you pay.State Senator Robert M. Hertzberg believes California s traffic fines are too high, and the burden is unduly put on low-income families. Many fines, don t even get paid.California is owed almost $10 billion in unpaid traffic fines, something the state tried to chip away at with an amnesty program that would allow violators pay a fraction of what they owe. California s traffic fines are some of the highest in the nation.The report goes on to make the case that the traffic fine system discriminates against poorer individuals thanks to racial profiling by police officers. ",0
18606,"IS SMITHSONIAN MUSEUM PLANNING To Make Hero Out Of Third Rate QB, Race Agitator Colin Kaepernick?","Martin Luther King Jr. would not likely be pleased to see such a divisive figure using his position as a professional athlete to promote a violent and threatening movement funded and promoted by politicians to divide our nation Colin Kaepernick s football career remains very much a question mark, but he s already left an impression on American culture, as his jersey and other gear from his protests in 2016 are now in the hands of the Smithsonian.The Smithsonian s National Museum of African American History and Culture continuously collects items of historic significance from African Americans involved in all phases of American life, and the sociologist and author Harry Edwards encouraged the museum to take a close look at Kaepernick. The former San Francisco 49ers quarterback drew nationwide attention last year when he knelt during the national anthem to protest police brutality in America.In September, 2016, the union for police officers who work San Francisco home games threatened a boycott of policing the stadium after the 49ers refused to discipline Colin Kaepernick for not standing during the national anthem and for his statements about law enforcement. If the 49ers organization fails to take action to stop this type of inappropriate behavior it could result in police officers choosing not to work at your facilities, the letter reads.  The board of directors of the Santa Clara Police Officer s Association has a duty to protect its members and work to make all of their working environments free of harassing behavior. It also criticized what it called anti-police statements made by Kaepernick, calling them  insulting, inaccurate and completely unsupported by any facts. Edwards arranged for the donation of a jersey and other equipment to the Smithsonian, but did so with a request.  I said,  Don t wait 50 years to try to get some memorabilia and so forth on Kaepernick,  Edwards said, according to USA Today.  Let me give you a game jersey, some shoes, a picture.   And it should be put right there alongside Muhammad Ali. He s this generation s Ali. Daily Wire   Adopted by white parents in Wisconsin, Kaepernick is the biological child of a white woman and a black man. He was born in 1987.Kaepernick explained his refusal to stand for the Star-Spangled Banner, expressing solidarity with the net-marxist racial narratives of Black Lives Matter: I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color. To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder. Kaepernick describes himself as a black man in a society that  oppresses black people. Kaepernick s refusal to stand for our national anthem was considered anything but brave by many of his fans. Here s a picture of a fan burning Colin s jersey, a trend that was started shortly after Kaepernick used his position to promote the violent Black Lives Matter movement on the field as the other players honored our nation:Kaepernick remains unsigned even as players like Ryan Fitzpatrick sign deals, and there is, of course, the question of how much his very public and very controversial political stances may be harming his marketability.   Yahoo ",0
18607,BREAKING NEWS: Man With Laptop On American Airlines Flight To Honolulu Subdued After Attempting To Break Down Cockpit Door [VIDEO],"Tick tock. America will now wait until conservative news sources release his motive.UPDATE: The man who attempted to breach the cockpit has been identified as a Turkish man. Flight attendants, an off-duty Los Angeles police officer and other passengers were able to stop the man and secure him in a seat. It was all kind of surreal,  said Penny Lorenzen, a passenger on the flight.Her husband was among those who got up to try to stop the man. It took seconds,  said Lee Lorenzen, of Orange County, Calif.  He was pushing against the cart and a bunch of guys grabbed him. They found some duct tape. There were pillows and blankets. And they taped him to his chair.   Hawaii News Now A man was subdued after he tried to breach the cockpit of an American Airlines flight to Honolulu, a source familiar with the situation told ABC News.American Airlines said in a statement that law enforcement met the plane upon landing in Honolulu following a  disturbance  on the flight. The plane was escorted by two F-22 fighter jets for the duration of the flight following the disturbance, U.S. Pacific Command said in a statement.  ABC NewsA source at the TSA told ABC News that the man was waiting for the bathroom near the cockpit when a flight attendant asked him to sit down. He had a laptop with him and appeared to try the cockpit door before he was subdued, the source said.The man, whose identity was not immediately available, was escorted off American Airlines Flight 31, after it landed safely at 11:35 a.m. Hawaii Standard Time, according to a statement from the airline.A government source confirmed that he had been loitering near the restroom and was carrying a laptop. Flight attendants asked him to return to his seat and he refused.He then seemed to lunge towards the cockpit door. That s when several passengers subdued him.He was arrested on the ground by the FBI.The flight, which originated from Los Angeles, was to arrive in Honolulu about noon. The flight departed from Los Angeles International Airport at 8:34 a.m. local time.  NBC Los AngelesLATEST: 2 F-22 fighter jets escorted American Airlines Flight 31 to Honolulu Int l Airport due to disturbance on board, Pacific Command says pic.twitter.com/Ee8zTg4PN3  ABC News (@ABC) May 19, 2017",0
18608,OOPS! VIDEO EMERGES Of Comey Testifying Under Oath That Trump Administration Did NOT Pressure FBI To Halt Any Investigations For Political Purposes [VIDEO],"Former FBI Director James Comey testified under Senate oath May 3rd that the Trump administration had not pressured his agency to halt any investigation for political purposes. Comey admitted that the FBI has always been free to operate without political interference flying in the face of Democrats  paranoid delusions about Russia and President Donald J. Trump, and exposing for what it is a new political witch hunt Wednesday by enemies within the president s own Justice Department.On Wednesday, DOJ appointed a special prosecutor, former FBI Director Robert Mueller, to drum up more hype about Trump s imaginary  collusion  with Russia during the general election.On May 9th, President Trump fired Comey, who has spent 15 years shilling for Hillary Clinton.Videotaped testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee blows apart the phony narrative New York Times reporter Michael Schmidt wove on Tuesday, which resulted in Mueller s appointment. Schmidt s only sources were anonymous. They claimed that on Feb. 14th, the day after National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigned, Trump had asked Comey to end an investigation into Flynn s connections to Russia.  Got NewsNick Short was first to expose Comey s testimony on May 3rd, where under oath where he stated that, as it relates to Trump or his administration asking him to halt an investigation for political purposes:  It s not happened in my experience .If Trump told Comey to ""stop investigating"" as Comey memo alleges then why did Comey state this on May 3 under oath? https://t.co/5A1Zq5rpgs pic.twitter.com/rp9V4qb1hq  Nick Short   (@PoliticalShort) May 17, 2017",0
18609,NEW YORK TIMES WEASEL Behind Alleged Comey Memo Admits To Lyin’ Brian Williams He Never Actually Saw Memo [VIDEO],"Got News-  New York Times Mexican telecom mogul Carlos Slim s blogger Michael Schmidt told professional liar Brian Williams that he hadn t seen the memos that James Comey allegedly wrote.  Someone that had seen them recounted details to me,  Schmidt said in what is a breach of journalistic protocol.Schmidt has been called out for getting a story wildly wrong before thanks to his anonymous sources. Schmidt, citing his anonymous federal law enforcement sources, claimed that one of the San Bernardino terrorists had talked about jihad openly. She didn t.His boss even reprimanded him and called for  systematic changes  to the way Schmidt and Carlos Slim s blog use anonymous sources.We guess our anonymous sources are better than the Times.Schmidt s open admissions on MSNBC confirm GotNews reporting Wednesday that Schmidt hasn t in fact seen the relevant Comey documents. ",0
18610,CROOKED HILLARY CLINTON’S Latest Speech To Be Crashed By Angry HAITIANS Pushing For Answers,"Hillary Clinton always goes back to the black community and this is just another case of pandering. It s pretty sickening that she s even being asked to speak at a college commencement ANY college commencement! The Clinton GRIFTERS also owe the Haitian community answers on where money went after the Haiti earthquake relief effort.  The Haitian community is up in arms over much that happened after the 2010 earthquake. This should be interesting:Here is how the Clinton s used the money that Americans donated to help the devastated residents of Haiti to enrich themselves:On June 8, Hillary Clinton is scheduled to serve as the Class of 2017 commencement speaker at Medgar Evers College in Brooklyn, New York, where she will also be awarded an honorary degree. The announcement has incited protests from several members of the Haitian community who plan to protest the speech and are pushing the college s president, Rudy Crew, to rescind the invitation.PANDERING TO THE BLACK COMMUNITY IN TIMES OF TROUBLE: Every time the Clintons get in a bind, they run to the black community to whitewash their tarnished image,  said Komokoda, the Haitian group protesting the speech, in a statement.  After Bill Clinton was impeached for lying under oath in the Monica Lewinsky affair, he brought in Jesse Jackson and a host of black preachers to lead prayers with him at the White House. To divert attention from her  deleted emails  debacle, Hillary had Bill DeBlasio s wife, Chirlane McCray, bring her to Brownsville, one of the most impoverished neighborhoods in Brooklyn, for a photo op with little black children. When newspaper editorials and cartoons were blasting her for her unending lies and demanding investigations and prosecutions, former New York City mayor David Dinkins brought her out for a keynote speech at his Dinkins Leadership & Public Policy Forum at Columbia University. Today, for her resurrection from a shameful defeat by the last person most reasonable people felt could ever be president of the United States, the dirty work falls to Rudy Crew. HAITI RELIEF SCAM   QUESTIONS REMAIN:The Clintons  role in Haiti has incited immense criticism and has tarnished their relationship with the Haitian community. In 2010, Haiti suffered a massive earthquake. Several NGOs and the United Nations flocked to Haiti to help relief efforts, but their intervention came with several costs. In 2011, UN Peacekeepers caused a massive cholera outbreak that killed at least 9,500 people and sickened 800,000 others. During this time, Bill Clinton served as the United Nations Special Envoy to Haiti while Hillary Clinton served as secretary of state. While the Clinton Foundation has staunchly defended their role in Haiti, their involvement in the country has been far from successful.  Many of the most notable investments the Clintons helped launch, such as the new Marriott in the capital, have primarily benefited wealthy foreigners and the island s ruling elite, who needed little help to begin with,  wrote Jonathan Katz for Politico in 2015.For Komokoda and many Haitians, the Clintons epitomize NGOs and corporations exploiting the crisis and relief efforts in Haiti for their own gain. Haitians also blame the Clintons for the controversial rule of former Haitian President Michel Martelly, who stepped down in February 2016 due to his record of corruption after the Clintons helped him get elected in 2010.MORE ON THE CLINTON FOUNDATION SCAM ON HAITI:Read more: Observer",0
18611,GERMANY KICKING RESIDENTS OUT To Make Way For Refugees: Nurse Shocked After Being Kicked Out Of Same Flat For 16 Years,"Stories of governments removing citizens from their homes and apartments in European nations and replacing them with migrants in need of government subsidized housing is becoming more and more common. The Obama regime set the ball in motion for  fair share housing  or social engineering. Will our legislators be able to stop the insanity of displacing citizens who are receiving housing subsidies from our government in favor of refugees or illegal aliens? Having lived in the same flat for 16 years, a German woman is being forced to move out to make way for refugees, because building a new shelter is too expensive. The 51 year-old nurse, who has helped asylum seekers in the past, was shocked by the news.Bettina Halbey, who lives alone in the small town of Nieheim, received a letter from her landlord and the local municipality at the start of September, Die Welt newspaper reported on Thursday. I was completely shocked and I can t even begin to find the words to describe how the city has treated me,  Halbey told the German publication.  I have had to go through a lot of difficulties recently, and then I get this notice. It was like a kick in the teeth. Halbey will have until May 2016 to find a new place to live, along with her dog and her cat. The three-story building, where she rented a 90 sq/m flat will now be turned into accommodation for refugees, who are seeking to make Germany their new home.The mayor of Nieheim, Rainer Vidal, which has a population of just over 6,000, defended the decision to send the nurse packing, saying converting the building would be  the cheapest option. A new residential unit for 30 refugees in Nieheim would cost  30,000 ($33,600). This solution will cost me nothing,  he told Die Welt.Over half the population of Germany lives in rented accommodation and the country has laws to defend the rights of tenants. Normally, only a private individual can terminate the terms of a contract for personal use. A municipality cannot move into a flat as a legal entity, so the process is legally highly questionable,  Ulrich Ropertz, spokesman of the German Tenants  Federation, told the Telegraph. Via: RT News",0
18612,MAXINE DOUBLES DOWN ON CRAZY: MSNBC Host Has Hard Time Keeping Straight Face When Maxine Reveals Who She Believes Fed Trump “Crooked Hillary” and “Lock Her Up” Lines [VIDEO],"The funniest part of the video comes when MSNBC guest host Ben Stein attempts to force Maxine to give an actual reason why President Trump should be impeached and unhinged Maxine goes off on her theory about who came up with the very popular (and accurate) nick-name of  Crooked Hillary  for Hillary Clinton during the campaign. And as a bonus, Waters also embarrassingly admits she thinks the same person is responsible for the term  lock her up  that actually came from Trump s fans at his massive rallies. It s pretty obvious that President Trump and his supporters have gotten so deep under Maxine s thin skin LOL!Stein asked Waters somewhat incredulously if she felt that the Kremlin was involved in developing strategy to sink Hillary Clinton. Just to be clear, we haven t there s been no actual evidence yet of collusion,  said Stein. No, it has not been,  replied Waters. And I want you to know, every time I ve talked about impeachment, I ve said we ve got to connect the dots, we ve got to get the facts, we ve got to do the investigation. That is what leads to impeachment and I also said that Trump will lead us right there,  she added. For entire story- Townhall",0
18613,“GOOD-BYE SWEDEN”: How Muslim Violence…Porous Borders And Horrible Health Care Drove Swedish Blogger To U.S.A.,"This blogger s piece is a glimpse into the future of America. Unless we all find a way to stand together and stop Barack Obama and the Democrat party s fundamental transformation from happening we ll be looking for another country who cares more about its citizens than its immigrant population This is the last post on this blog. I am leaving Sweden for good shortly, and will no longer be following its descent from what was once the third most prosperous country in the world. Frankly, it s just too damn depressing.I was born and raised in Sweden, which leaves a cultural mark even though I moved to USA in the 1990s and have spent the better part of my adult life as an American. Coming back for a few years has been a shocking experience.When I was a child, Sweden was a dull yet very safe place to live. Yes, there was a heavy blanket of socialism and collectivist values covering everything, but there was a core of pragmatism beneath the redness. The intention and goal was always to benefit the citizens, even though they went about things in a backwards manner.Prime minister L fven Today, it s as if the inmates are running the asylum. The politicians are participating in a chicken race of  goodness  where everybody tries to one-up each other in caring for the citizens of OTHER countries while Swedish retirees, school children, handicapped and other vulnerable categories of people are thorougly ignored. Violence is exploding. Jihadist Trojan horses are flowing through the porous border along with the tens of thousands ID-less refugees.But what makes me the most pessimistic about Sweden s future is how the social fabric itself has been undermined.Now, to be clear, it is my opinion that modest immigration is healthy for society and beneficial for trade, cultural development and so forth. Protectionism as a concept is counter-productive, while free trade and the ability for skilled labor to go where they re in demand is beneficial for everyone.Having said that, what Sweden is doing is something completely different. The once homogenous population has been forever altered by a rapid and massive addition of people from vastly different cultures and value-systems. 26,8% of the population is now foreign-born or with at least one foreign-born parent, and the national census bureau estimates that some 150 000 per year will arrive to the country of just 9,8 million residents.There simply is no possible way to absorb and assimilate such volumes of people, period. Then you are merely creating ethnic enclaves, which due to incompatible language, culture and job skills become ghettos, which in turns brews crime, misery and extremism. Once the inflow has exceeded the capacity for absorbtion, further immigration only makes the problem worse.It s like someone having read that a cup of green tea per day is healthy, so they make it a policy to chug four gallons per day, every day. It s a good thing overdone to the extreme until it becomes toxic.Then you have the Swedish school system. There really is no nice way to put it; it s a complete disaster. The minister of education is a man-boy who spends his time making Youtube-videos showing heart-signs with his hands to boost school results, while university-level students can t read and comprehend the course literature.Education minister Gustav FridolinSince there is a delay in the changes in the school system, it is only in recent years the full impact of the knowledge-averse  progressive  school system is starting to be felt. Hard facts are largely irrelevant; the important thing is to sit in a group and discuss things until a consensus is reached. But with no hard facts to base the conclusions on, it becomes an exercise in futility because it s all random assumptions and opinions. As a university-level history student (!) was quoted as saying in newspaper Svenska Dagbladet the other day:  Why would all these dates matter? Who cares in what order things happened? That s not exactly fertile soil for creating the researchers and engineers of the future.Financially, Sweden is an oddity in that it never had its real estate correction when Lehman Bros went belly-up and the housing market everywhere in the West crashed. Sweden just kept steaming ahead, which means housing is ridiculously overinflated. In Stockholm, the real estate prices increased 19% and in Gothenburg 24% in the last 12 months alone   from an already sky-high level.Tear-down abandoned house from 1932 with small, unremarkable lot in the outskirts of Stockholm. Current bid: 7,5 million SEK, or close to $900,000.As a result, personal debt of the Swedish population is at an all-time high. To keep all this afloat the normal mortgage interest rates are at 2% with central bank Riksbanken at -0,25%, and yet a significant portion of the borrowers are hanging by a thread. If and when foreign banks and investors decide it s time to turn their backs on Sweden (as happened in the early 1990s) there s going to be a lot of pain.Then you have the financial obligations going forward. Like much of the western world, there is a demographic change where fewer tax-paying adults are to support a glut of retirees. What makes it especially dire for Sweden is that in addition to the old Swedes, there s also a ton of elderly immigrants that are granted  family visas  based on younger relatives having been granted asylum. They ve never paid a dime in taxes, yet enter the system with full benefits from day one. In theory, this would be made up for by the younger relatives working and paying taxes. Sadly, this is not the case; while ethnical Swedes have a 82% employment rate, immigrants only have 57% with non-Europeans coming in at just 51%.If Sweden was a person, it d be like the guy with three mortgages, seven maxed-out credit cards and four collection agencies chasing him that just signed a lease for a brand new BMW X6. Simply put, there s a lot of red ink in the future; it just hasn t been fully realized yet.Finally, there s the sorry state of the Swedish defense. After decades of constant slashing of the defense budget, the extent of Swedish ambition is to stall an invader for a week in a limited area. This with war raging in Europe, Russian missiles pointed at Sweden in Kaliningrad, and Russian submarines and bomber jets openly thumbing their nose at Sweden as they intrude on Swedish territory on a regular basis. The power vacuum in Scandinavia is so tangible you can almost hear a sucking sound as you fly over it. This, too, will require massive investments when the penny finally drops amongst Swedish politicians.So while I can t claim to be any kind of authority on macroeconomics or social predictive models, I see red lights across the board.In some ways, I d compare the country to a farm. Previously, Sweden acted like a sensible farmer and planted wheat here, carrots there, potatoes over there et cetera, by implementing free schooling, sound infrastructure investments, state-financed research and so forth. A few decades later, they reaped the rewards and climbed the prosperity ladder.In the late 1960s, this pragmatic line was abandoned as leftist idealist Olof Palme took over. But there was plenty to harvest from previous years, so Sweden continued to be the land of milk and honey for a good long while. Then things started drying up, and the process has been one of gradual erosion and decline since the 1990s.The famous Swedish health care system is a good example. 120 000 hospital beds in the late 1960s became 20 000 today. Cancer patients are put on waiting lists for months. Entire emergency wards shut down for summer. The crumbling Swedish railroad system is another symptom I examined in-depth last year. The aforementioned defense that now consist of about three fat generals and a rusty rifle (bullets withheld for budgetary reasons).A sensible farmer would see the problems for what they are and hurry to plant new seeds, so as to return to bountiful harvests of wheat, carrots, potatoes etc. Instead, the Swedish politicians goes by dogma and plants what they think SHOULD grow. So they plant M & Ms, hot dogs and pretzels. The results won t be fully evident for a few years yet, but as the last reserves of the old harvests are depleted, things will get  Interesting.From what I can see, there simply is no plausible scenario where these social tensions and future financial committments will not lead to a downward spiral of hardship and strife. I hope I m wrong. I really do, because I have friends and family I care about that will remain here to see it all play out.But I won t. I ll be back in the US being mad at Obama for being a lying scumbag. And if Trump manages to get elected in 2016? Whoo boy. A racist ignoramus who takes pride in the worst qualities of a cranky eight-year old should make George  Dumbo  Bush seem like Abe Lincoln by comparison. So every country has its problems. USA has its corrupt yokel in office, just as Sweden has Stefan L fven. Via: The Sweden Report ",0
18614,CNN Liberal Anchor Freaks Out At Navy SEAL When He Asks For TRUTH….You Won’t Believe The Reaction! [Video],"A Navy SEAL Carl Higbie was blasted and screeched at by a CNN anchor who was shocked that Higbie asked for more evidence and truth in the Trump controversy. Yikes! She s got snowflake written all over her. It s just how the left rolls you have to march in lock-step with what they believe to be true even if it s not true. Just go with it, right? We say NOT RIGHT!Shouldn t we ask that sources be exposed? Anyone can say they know the truth but when they hide behind anonymity, they ruin their credibility. The left just expects everyone to believe the many lies they ve been telling about President Trump. We re with Carl! We re not accepting any  stories  against Trump until we have proof and know the source.This woman needs to seek help!",0
18615,"A MUST WATCH VIDEO: STEVE BANNON “If you think they’re going to give you your country back without a fight, you’re sadly mistaken.”",Steve Bannon gets it He knows what s going on with all of the fuss with Trump. The press and politicians are doing their best to bring him down.Bannon knows the deep state and all of the evil within government. He knows we re in trouble in America and need to take our Country back.Please go to the 16:00 point and hear Bannon speak about the evil that is in Washington: It s not only not going to get better It s going to get worse ,0
18616,BOOM! PRES TRUMP Rips Media And Critics: “I was not elected to please the Washington media” [Video],"President Trump gave the commencement speech for the Coast Guard graduating class and hit back at the media during the speech: The Coast Guard Academy was the location for the speech but the speech could be directed at all Aemricans plus the media and critics of Trump. He says what everyone else is thinking Awesome! Now I want to take this opportunity to offer you some advice. Over the course of your life you will find that things are not always fair. You will find that things happen to you that you do not deserve  You have to put your head down and fight, fight, fight!  Never ever, ever give up. Things will turn out just fine . No politician in history has been treated worse or more unfairly. You can t let them get you down. You can t let the critics and naysayers get in the way of your dreams. TRUMP ADDED: The people understand what I m doing and that s the most important thing. I didn t t get elected to serve the Washington media or the special interests,  he said.  I got elected to serve the forgotten men and women and that s what I m doing. Great speech! He nails it!FULL SPEECH:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNzZXf2gk7U",0
18617,BRILLIANT! LT COL TONY SHAFFER: How Trump Should Fight Back Against “Deep State” [Video],"Former CIA analyst and retired U.S. Army Reserve Lieutenant Colonel Tony Shaffer told Lou Dobbs on Tuesday President Trump needs to understand deep state has declared war against his administration.   He needs to fire top two levels in intelligence to clean house.THE DEEP STATE:Never in American history has there been a more highly organized group of people, the  deep state , attempting to subvert the will of the American people, in this case, the Trump presidency. Peter Schweizer discusses the efforts of the  deep state , their conspiracy campaign against Donald Trump and its  potential impact on President Trump s administration.",0
18618,DETECTIVE ON SETH RICH Murder Mystery Drops Shocking News [Video],"Rod Wheeler was on Hannity last night with startling information on the Seth Rich murder mystery. He spoke about the mystery of why they can t locate the computer Rich used. They went on to discuss clues in the case that point to collusion between the DC police and the DNC. The most shocking information comes at the 4:20 mark when Wheeler says this:Rod Wheeler:  Here s one other thing that is going to be startling I m just gonna say this right now. I reached out to the police department way back in March when the family first hired me right..to get involved. I didn t hear anything from the police department for 2-3 days.Guess what I learned yesterday from the family of Seth Rich? The police department did not call me back because someone, a high ranking official at the DNC check this out a high ranking official at the DNC when I called the police department, they got that information and called the Rich family wanting to know, why was I snooping around? The plot thickens in this case. Will we finally find the murderer of this young man and who is behind it?IN CASE YOU HAVEN T SEEN UPDATES ON THIS CASE:CONFIRMED BOMBSHELL: SETH RICH Sent Over 44,000 DNC Emails To Journalist, Best Friend Of Wikileaks Founder DC Police Officer Claims They Were Told To  Stand Down  On Case [VIDEO]Wow! The private investigator hired by the Rich family to look into the death of 27-year old murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich just revealed some stunning evidence. It s been confirmed that over 44,000 emails and over 17,000 attachments were sent to the now deceased investigative journalist and best friend of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange. Now that this new information has been made available to the public, will the media be asking Hillary or the DNC any questions about their involvement in Rich s death? Will the DOJ be opening an investigation into his death in light of this new stunning evidence? What about the alleged Russian hack of the DNC emails that the media tried to tie to President Trump?Just two months shy of the one-year anniversary of Rich s death, FOX 5 has learned there is new information that could prove these theorists right.Rod Wheeler, a private investigator hired by the Rich family, suggests there is tangible evidence on Rich s laptop that confirms he was communicating with WikiLeaks prior to his death.Now, questions have been raised on why D.C. police, the lead agency on this murder investigation for the past ten months, have insisted this was a robbery gone bad when there appears to be no evidence to suggest that.Wheeler, a former D.C. police homicide detective, is running a parallel investigation into Rich s murder. He said he believes there is a cover-up and the police department has been told to back down from the investigation. The police department nor the FBI have been forthcoming,  said Wheeler.  They haven t been cooperating at all. I believe that the answer to solving his death lies on that computer, which I believe is either at the police department or either at the FBI. I have been told both. When we asked Wheeler if his sources have told him there is information that links Rich to Wikileaks, he said,  Absolutely. Yeah. That s confirmed. Wheeler also told us,  I have a source inside the police department that has looked at me straight in the eye and said,  Rod, we were told to stand down on this case and I can t share any information with you.  Now, that is highly unusual for a murder investigation, especially from a police department. Again, I don t think it comes from the chief s office, but I do believe there is a correlation between the mayor s office and the DNC and that is the information that will come out [Tuesday].The Democratic National Committee staffer who was gunned down on July 10 on a Washington, D.C., street just steps from his home had leaked thousands of internal emails to WikiLeaks, law enforcement sources told Fox News.A federal investigator who reviewed an FBI forensic report detailing the contents of DNC staffer Seth Rich s computer generated within 96 hours after his murder, said Rich made contact with WikiLeaks through Gavin MacFadyen, a now-deceased American investigative reporter, documentary filmmaker, and director of WikiLeaks who was living in London at the time.  FOX5DCHere is the tweet announcing the death of Gavin MacFayden only weeks before the U.S. presidential election:Gavin Macfadyen was mentor to Assange (and his closest friend in London), to WikiLeaks' Sarah Harrison, Joseph Farrell and many others.  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 23, 2016 I have seen and read the emails between Seth Rich and Wikileaks,  the federal investigator told Fox News, confirming the MacFadyen connection. He said the emails are in possession of the FBI, while the stalled case is in the hands of the Washington Police Department.The revelation is consistent with the findings of Rod Wheeler, a former DC homicide detective and Fox News contributor and whose private investigation firm was hired by Rich s family to probe the case. Rich was shot from behind in the wee hours, but was not robbed. My investigation up to this point shows there was some degree of email exchange between Seth Rich and Wikileaks,  Wheeler said.  I do believe that the answers to who murdered Seth Rich sits on his computer on a shelf at the DC police or FBI headquarters. The federal investigator, who requested anonymity, said 44,053 emails and 17,761 attachments between Democratic National Committee leaders, spanning from January 2015 through late May 2016, were transferred from Rich to MacFadyen before May 21.   FOX NewsWe reported on this story extensively. Here are some of our stunning findings over the past 10 months. It s pretty stunning that it took so long to find out about the e-mails on Rich s laptop: Conspiracy theories have been surrounding the murder of Seth Rich. They reached a new frenzy after the hacking of DNC e-mails led to the resignation of its chairwoman, Debbie Wasserman Schultz.Rich was beaten, shot and killed early on the morning of July 8 while he was walking home and talking on the phone to his girlfriend. Police have said they haven t determined if his murder was a botched robbery or something else. The killer or killers appear to have taken nothing from their victim, leaving behind his wallet, watch and phone.Wikileaks just confirmed murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was the source of the DNC leak.Wikileaks released a series direct messages from US alleged  Russian spy  Guccifer 2.0 to actress model Robbin Young (according to Young).In the stream of texts the discussion leads to the DNC leaker.His name is  Seth ** In November Julian Assange said Russia did not hack into the DNC servers. -h/t GP Here s the proof:Direct Messages from U.S. alleged Russian spy @GUCCIFER_2 to actress-model @robbin_young (according to the latter) https://t.co/uMsB9WgxRQ  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 8, 2017Actress Robbin Young claims she had given this information she received from Guccifer 2.0 to the authorities but,  no one cared :https://twitter.com/Robbin_Young/status/850743524953702404Actress Robbin Young states that Guccifer 2.0 told her,  i m eager to find facts about seth, i m sure it wasn t just a robbery. seth was assassinated. :Guccifer 2.0 said, ""i'm eager to find fact about seth, i'm sure it wasn't just a robbery. seth was assassinated."" #SethRich  Robbin Young (@Robbin_Young) March 29, 2017In June 2016,the hacker Guccifer 2.0 claimed responsibility for breaking into the Democratic National Committee s servers, lifting opposition research the DNC had gathered, including a 200-page document focused on presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.The hacker s moniker is an homage to  Guccifer,  the nom de guerre of Romanian hacker Marcel Lazar who claimed a previous hack into Hillary Clinton s private email server and is now awaiting prosecution for cybercrimes.  RTWhile Wikileaks  Julian Assange was being interviewed by John Pilger, he brought up the death of Seth Rich. Watch Assange s strange and somewhat cagey reply.Here is part of the conversation:Julian Assange: Whistleblowers go to significant efforts to get us material and often very significant risks. As a 27 year-old, works for the DNC, was shot in the back, murdered just a few weeks ago for unknown reasons as he was walking down the street in Washington.Reporter: That was just a robbery, I believe. Wasn t it?Julian Assange: No. There s no finding. So  I m suggesting that our sources take risks.Watch it again in slow motion below:Seth Rich s parents explain what happened only moments before his death. He was the Voter Expansion Data Director for the DNC. His parents say he was,  Making sure everyone who wanted to vote, had the opportunity :Shortly after the killing, Redditors and social media users were pursuing a  lead  saying that Rich was en route to the FBI that fateful morning, apparently intending to speak to special agents about an  ongoing court case  possibly involving the Clinton family.More recently, Wikileaks s thousands of DNC emails and voice mails have piqued Reddit s interest, with Redditors combing through years of communications looking for any clue to Rich s murder.The theory is apparently based on Julian Assange s recent ITV appearance, where he scoffed at the idea that Russian hackers could be responsible for the data dump, and said that  anyone  within the Democrats  organization could easily have sent Wikileaks the offending messages.Given that Rich as a DNC staffer presumably would have had some access to its servers, Reddit is absolutely positive Rich paid the ultimate price for exposing Debbie Wasserman Schultz and the DNC s crusade against Bernie Sanders.  HeatstreetGo HERE for fascinating timeline of events leading up to the brutal murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich.",0
18619,SETH RICH MURDER Has CHILLING SIMILARITIES To Clinton Body Count Victims,"Just two months shy of the one-year anniversary of Rich s death, FOX 5 has learned there is new information that could prove these theorists right.Rod Wheeler, a private investigator hired by the Rich family, suggests there is tangible evidence on Rich s laptop that confirms he was communicating with WikiLeaks prior to his death.Now, questions have been raised on why D.C. police, the lead agency on this murder investigation for the past ten months, have insisted this was a robbery gone bad when there appears to be no evidence to suggest that.Wheeler, a former D.C. police homicide detective, is running a parallel investigation into Rich s murder. He said he believes there is a cover-up and the police department has been told to back down from the investigation. The police department nor the FBI have been forthcoming,  said Wheeler.  They haven t been cooperating at all. I believe that the answer to solving his death lies on that computer, which I believe is either at the police department or either at the FBI. I have been told both. When we asked Wheeler if his sources have told him there is information that links Rich to Wikileaks, he said,  Absolutely. Yeah. That s confirmed. Wheeler also told us,  I have a source inside the police department that has looked at me straight in the eye and said,  Rod, we were told to stand down on this case and I can t share any information with you.  Now, that is highly unusual for a murder investigation, especially from a police department. Again, I don t think it comes from the chief s office, but I do believe there is a correlation between the mayor s office and the DNC and that is the information that will come out [Tuesday].Just as in the Rich case, several of the people who died mysterious deaths were shot spontaneously and in public places, sometimes from behind, sometimes by unknown assailants and often just before they were set to release incriminating evidence concerning the Clintons  activities. In most cases, there were no signs of theft at the crime scenes. And while some of the deaths were ruled suicides, other cases remain a mystery.Rich worked for the Democratic National Committee as a data analyst and reportedly sent more than 44,000 DNC emails to WikiLeaks, including 17,761 attachments, from January 2015 through the end of May 2016. As WND reported, the DNC staffer had been in contact with WikiLeaks Director Gavin MacFadyen, who died just 17 days before the election of lung cancer.Rich was mysteriously shot and killed July 10, 2016. As WND reported, Rich was murdered near his affluent neighborhood in Washington, D.C. He was shot in the back with a handgun at 4:18 a.m. while he walked home, and nothing was taken from him. Rich, who called several people as he later walked home, was talking on the phone with his girlfriend, Kelsey Murka, when he was accosted a block from his house. He was transported to a local hospital and was pronounced dead at 5:57 a.m. If it was a robbery it failed because he still has his watch, he still has his money, he still has his credit cards, still had his phone, so it was a wasted effort except we lost a life,  said Rich s father, Joel, shortly after the bizarre murder.On July 22, just 12 days after Rich s death and days before the Democratic Party Convention in Philadelphia, WikiLeaks released 20,000 emails from DNC officials.Those leaked emails revealed, among other things, that the DNC tried to tip the scales in favor of Hillary Clinton s campaign and prevent Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders from becoming the party s nominee. The leaks were cited by some Democrats as one explanation for Clinton s election loss. Many accused the Russians of  hacking  and turning the tide for then-GOP candidate Donald Trump during the 2016 election.In one email released by WikiLeaks, Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta said he d like to  make an example  out of the person who leaked the emails. I m definitely for making an example of a suspected leaker whether or not we have any real basis for it,  Podesta wrote on Feb. 22, 2015, according to WikiLeaks.Only days after Rich s murder, Hillary Clinton cited the DNC staffer s death in her speech advocating for more gun control. From Sandy Hook to Orlando to Dallas, and so many other places, these tragedies tear at our soul,  Clinton said in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, on July 12.  And so do the incidents that don t even dominate the headlines. Just this past Sunday, a young man, Seth Rich, who worked for the Democratic National Committee to expand voting rights, was shot and killed in his neighborhood in Washington. He was just 27 years old.   Surely we can agree that weapons of war have no place on the streets of America. The bizarre shooting of Rich shares some similarities with other murders listed in WND s exclusive report,  Clinton death list : 33 spine-tingling cases.  Many of the individuals included in the list were shot to death, though some of the deaths were ruled to be suicides. Others were killed in plane crashes, car wrecks and freak accidents.Vince Foster was deputy White House counsel and Hillary s friend and law partner who had connections to the Clintons  Travelgate and Whitewater scandals. In 1993, Foster was found dead in a park with a fatal gunshot wound to his mouth. As WND reported, his suicide was the subject of much speculation and three official investigations.Investigations by the U.S. Park Police, the Department of Justice, the FBI, Congress, Independent Counsel Robert B. Fiske and Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr concluded Foster s death was a suicide. However, as WND reported in 2003, one of Starr s key investigators challenged the official line, insisting the probe s result was predetermined, only a few plotters were required to engineer the result, the crime scene was altered and that major newspaper editors killed stories by reporters pursuing the truth. The Washington Post reported that federal investigators were not allowed to enter Foster s office after his death, but  White House aides enter[ed] Foster s office shortly after his death, giving rise to speculation that files were removed from his office. In his 2005 book  The Truth about Hillary: What She Knew, When She Knew It, And How Far She ll Go to Become President,  Edward Klein wrote of Hillary s involvement in the effort to remove Foster s files:As WND reported in February 2016, recently discovered evidence unearthed from boxes stored deep in the National Archives lend credence to theories about foul play and cover-up that have been hinted at by at least three books and countless articles.The newest piece to the puzzle was uncovered by two citizen researchers, one of whom was a witness involved in the case from the beginning. What had only been suspicions about missing death-scene photographs are now listed as facts in public documents.The smoking-gun information comes from two documents: a two-page letter of resignation and a 31-page memo both written by Starr s lead prosecutor, Miguel Rodriguez.Rodriguez refers in his letter to photographs showing a wound on Foster s neck   a wound that did not exist according to accounts in Starr s official government report.The obvious questions: How could a suicide victim be found with two wounds   a .38-caliber gunshot into the mouth that exited through his head and another wound on the right side of his neck that one of the paramedics described as a small-caliber bullet hole? And why would the government investigators go to great lengths to cover it up?Jerry Luther Parks: Shot in chest by mysterious gunmanTwo months after Foster died, Jerry Luther Parks   who had been head of security for Bill Clinton s headquarters in Little Rock, Arkansas, during the 1992 presidential campaign and gubernatorial years  was shot through the rear window of his car with a semiautomatic handgun.As WND reported, Jerry Luther Parks was reportedly watching a news bulletin on the death of Foster when he turned from the television and muttered,  I m a dead man. His son, Gary, was with him in the room. It was July 21, 1993. Foster had just been found dead in Fort Marcy Park, about seven miles from the White House, across the Potomac River in Virginia. Foster had been shot through the head, said the bulletin, an apparent suicide.British journalist Ambrose Evans-Pritchard interviewed the Parks family extensively. In  The Secret Life of Bill Clinton,  he reported that Parks was a nervous wreck for the next two months. He packed a gun and drove evasively to shake off any possible pursuers. At one point, Parks told his family that Bill Clinton was  cleaning house  and that he was  next on the list. On Sept. 23, 1993, as Parks was driving to his suburban Little Rock home along the Chenal Parkway, a white Chevrolet Caprice with two men inside drove alongside and peppered Parks  car with semiautomatic gunfire. Parks  car ground to a halt. A man emerged from the white Chevy, fired two rounds into Parks  chest with a 9-mm pistol, then sped off.Several witnesses watched the murder. The killers were never found. As with so many other  Arkancides    the name given to the long list of suspicious deaths among Arkansas associates of the Clintons   Big Media ignored the event.One of the last people to see Foster alive was Linda Tripp, who then worked as a secretary for Foster s boss, White House Counsel Bernard Nussbaum. Tripp testified before Kenneth Starr s grand jury on July 28, 1998, that the reason she had leaked Monica Lewinsky s story to Michael Isikoff at Newsweek was that Tripp hoped the spotlight of national publicity might protect her from physical harm. I am afraid of this administration,  Tripp told the grand jury.She continued:  I have what I consider to be well-founded fears of what they are capable of   I had reasons to believe that the Vince Foster tragedy was not depicted accurately under oath by members of the administration   I knew based on personal knowledge, personal observations, that they were lying under oath. So it became very fearful to me that I had information even back then that was dangerous. A juror asked,  But do you have any examples of violence being done by the administration to people who were a threat to them? Tripp named Jerry Parks:  [T]he behavior in the West Wing with senior staff to the president during the time the Jerry Parks [murder report] came over the fax frightened me. He had been killed, she said.The  flurry of activity,  the closed-door meetings and the  hush-hush  atmosphere in the White House all struck her as ominous and frightening. Maybe you had to be there,  said Tripp. [The news of Parks  death] was something they wanted to get out in front of. There was talk that this would be another body to add to the list of 40 bodies or something that were associated with the Clinton administration. At that time, I didn t know what that meant. I have since come to see such a list. After the murder, Gary Parks told a staffer of the New York Observer his father and Vince Foster had investigated Clinton s affairs at Hillary s request. He said that Vince Foster had called up his father, who was working as a private investigator, to look into Clinton s romantic life in about 1980, after Bill Clinton had lost the governor s office following his first term. Parks said Hillary wanted a divorce. It looked like maybe the juggernaut she d believed in, and married, was over. Clinton had by then lost two big races and won two. Till the Comeback Kid   boy is Bill Clinton gutsy   won back the governorship in 1982. But in the early 80s, Parks said, Hillary asked her law partner Vince Foster to prepare a divorce case and Foster called Parks, who compiled a dossier of women s statements. Parks said that Hillary later decided against a divorce, but that his father held on to the dossier. Then in 1993, Parks said, after Vince Foster went to Washington, he demanded the return of the file, and even called Jerry Parks in the days before his, Foster s, death, to demand it. And that two months later his father was murdered, because, Parks said, he had held out on returning the file. (The L.R. police never solved his father s murder, not when I was looking into it a few years afterward.) John Hillyer: Mysterious timing of deathNBC cameraman John Hillyer had been working on an investigation of a drug-smuggling operation in Mena, Arkansas, while Clinton was the state s governor. He also helped with a 30-minute video called  Circle of Power  and  The Clinton Chronicles. As WND reported, video journalist Pat Matrisciana (producer of  The Clinton Chronicles ) began working on the film project in the early 1990s, he didn t realize what he and his cameraman were getting into. I had been contacted by a man named John Hillyer, an NBC cameraman who wanted to tell the real story about what was happening in Arkansas,  he said.When Matrisciana and Hillyer arrived in Arkansas and began interviewing people for the video, the criminality and intrigue were far worse than they had imagined. It was like going into some sort of banana republic that was run by a dictatorship,  he said.  We were followed on a regular basis. Matrisciana set up a  safe house  in an apartment complex in Little Rock where he and other journalists and investigators would meet to discuss stories of drug trafficking in Mena, the murder of two teenage boys there and whether or not Bill Clinton was involved in any of those activities.Hillyer and Matrisciana developed a friendship with Gary Parks, the son of Jerry Luther Parks, a former security chief of Clinton s presidential campaign. According to Matrisciana, Jerry Parks had been hired several years earlier by Foster on behalf of Hillary Clinton to put Bill Clinton under constant surveillance. Gary would go on surveillance stakeouts with his father as Jerry gathered photographic evidence of Clinton visiting with prostitutes, Gennifer Flowers and other women.When Foster s body was found in Fort Marcy Park, Jerry became paranoid that he might also be targeted for murder. He was right. When Jerry was assassinated in his car in September 1993, Gary and Jerry s widow believed it was related to his surveillance of Clinton.Gary Parks regularly stayed at the safe house, but was awakened one night when the door was kicked open by would-be assassins. When he quickly loaded his M-1 carbine, the sound of the bullet being chambered scared off the killers and they fled into the parking lot. Gary went to the window and thought he recognized one of the men as a member of the Gov. Clinton s security staff.On another occasion, when Matrisciana and others were preparing for a radio talk show at the safe house, an investigator scanned the apartment for  bugs  and discovered eight of them.During the course of their investigation, Matrisciana and Hillyer discovered a trail of unsolved murders of people who knew details about the teens  deaths. Others who died mysteriously had inside information on drug ties to the political establishment in Arkansas. On one occasion, Hillyer was planning to conduct an interview with a former official of the Democratic National Committee, but the man never showed up for the interview. Hillyer learned the next day that the man, C. Victor Raiser II, and his son, Montgomery Raiser, had died in a plane crash.Matrisciana and Hillyer were also going to interview a hermit who lived in the mountains near where the teens had been killed. Two days before the scheduled interview, the hermit died.Hillyer started to fear for his own life, telling Matrisciana that he thought they would kill him by making it look like he had a heart attack. After the film was completed, Hillyer went on to other projects and ended up living in Atlanta. In 1996, Matrisciana received a phone call from Hillyer. John told him he had uncovered new information that needed to be put on video, but that they couldn t talk on an unsecured phone. They planned on meeting to discuss the new information, but Hillyer died of a heart attack three days later, on Nov. 29, 1996.Did someone get to Hillyer? Matrisciana doesn t know. Were the hermit and DNC official killed for what they knew? Or were these simply coincidences? Again, Matriciana said he doesn t know, but he did think the deaths were unusual, considering the number of other people who have died under mysterious circumstances in Arkansas.Blacklisted News -On July 3, attorney Shawn Lucas, 38, helped serve the DNC with a lawsuit claiming then-DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz  rigged the primary for Hillary Clinton. The complaint was served before Wasserman Schultz resigned amid the Wikileaks email scandal on July 24.Less than one month after he helped serve the lawsuit, Lucas  girlfriend found him dead in his bathroom.Beverly Ann Fields, chief of staff at the Washington, D.C., Medical Examiner s office, told WND,  The cause and manner of death for decedent [Shawn] Lucas are still pending. Victor Thorn authored four books on the Clintons:  Hillary (and Bill): The Sex Volume,  Hillary (and Bill): The Drugs Volume,   Hillary (and Bill): The Murder Volume  and  Crowning Clinton: Why Hillary Shouldn t Be in the White House.  Thorn reportedly committed suicide with a gun on his 54th birthday on a mountaintop in Pennsylvania.Inquisitr reported that Thorn made several appearances on  The Russell Scott Show  and told the host,  Russell, if I m ever found dead, it was murder. I would never kill myself. As WND reported, Joe Montano, who served as chairman of the Democratic National Committee before Debbie Wasserman Schultz and was an aide to Hillary s running-mate, Tim Kaine, reportedly died of a heart attack after the Wikileaks DNC email dump. Montano was only 47.Former United Nations General Assembly President John Ashe was found dead in His New York home, and the cause of death was reported as a heart attack, as WND reported. But the local Dobbs Ferry police said  his throat had been crushed, presumably by a barbell he dropped while pumping iron. The death by barbell of disgraced U.N. official John Ashe could become a bigger obsession for conspiracy theorists than Vince Foster s 1993 suicide,  the report by Richard Johnson said.It s because Ashe was scheduled to testify in just days with Chinese businessman and co-defendant Ng Lap Seng, who was accused of smuggling $4.5 million into the U.S. and lying that it was to buy casino chips and more.The New York Post said Ng earlier was identified in a 1998 Senate document  as the source of hundreds of thousands of dollars illegally funneled through an Arkansas restaurant owner, Charlie Trie, to the Democratic National Committee during the Clinton administration. One source told me,  Johnson wrote,  During the trial, the prosecutors would have linked Ashe to the Clinton bagman Ng. It would have been very embarrassing. His death was conveniently timed. Gareth Williams, a transatlantic MI6 spy   whose dead body was found naked, padlocked and stuffed in a 32-inch by 19-inch duffel bag that was sitting in his London bathtub   had illegally hacked secret data on Bill Clinton, according to the U.K. Sun. The news site noted,  [H]is death is still one of Britain s most mysterious unsolved cases. Scotland Yard had announced the death as a suicide, saying he locked himself in the bag.But his DNA wasn t found on the lock. There were no palm prints on the edge of his bathtub.For the entire chilling list of people who crossed the Clinton s and ended up dead, go to WND ",0
18620,UPDATE: UNDER PRESSURE? MISS USA Just Flip Flopped On Healthcare [VIDEO],"The glowing review we gave to Miss USA Kara McCullough must be revoked Bummer!She was our hero when she defended liberty from the liberals who believe healthcare is not a right but a privilege. Liberals wasted no time exploding in rage, seeing it as an intolerable betrayal of their ideology by someone who had an advantage in the pursuit of her crown due to political correctness. Today we see this: I am privileged to have health care. I do believe it should be a right.   @MissUSA 2017 K ra McCullough  clarifies  response. #MissUSA pic.twitter.com/QCc7irmmmq  Good Morning America (@GMA) May 16, 2017If healthcare is to be a  right for all worldwide,  you had better open up your wallet. Places like Uganda cannot be provided with modern healthcare on a coercive basis at the national level. Socialism has always been globalist in its redistributive aspirations.Hot Air says maybe she really is clarifying rather than reversing what she actually meant:Her answer on Sunday night   wasn t all that coherent ( to all the American citizens worldwide ?). She may have heard the word  privilege  and, in the stress of the moment, processed it not in the legal sense but in the colloquial sense, as a synonym for gratitude for one s good fortune. E.g., it s a privilege to be a citizen of the greatest country in the world, I m privileged to have a wonderfully supportive family, what a privilege to have good medical care through your job, etc. A pageant contestant wants to project graciousness, so that s what she did.Or maybe she was taken to the woodshed for an attitude adjustment, and came back a commie.Via: moonbattery",0
18621,HIGH SCHOOL PRINCIPAL Confiscates Yearbooks From Students After Discovering Senior Used Favorite Trump Quote In Profile,"Hey parents are you  woke  yet? A high school in North Carolina confiscated student yearbooks after one of the students quoted President Trump as her senior quote.The Charlotte Observer reports administrators at Richmond Early College High School, a public high school in Hamlet, found several quotes, including a quote by the president, to be inappropriate.One of the allegedly offensive quotes, according to Richmond County school district spokeswoman Ashley-Michelle Thublin, was Trump s pledge to  build that wall. In a statement on the Richmond County Schools website and the Richmond County Schools Facebook page, the district said the yearbooks had  errors and inappropriate comments.  The district also said  we do not and will not tolerate inappropriate conduct toward any of our students : ",0
18622,"CONFIRMED BOMBSHELL: SETH RICH Sent Over 44,000 DNC Emails To Journalist, Best Friend Of Wikileaks Founder…DC Police Officer Claims They Were Told To “Stand Down” On Case [VIDEO]","Just two months shy of the one-year anniversary of Rich s death, FOX 5 has learned there is new information that could prove these theorists right.Rod Wheeler, a private investigator hired by the Rich family, suggests there is tangible evidence on Rich s laptop that confirms he was communicating with WikiLeaks prior to his death.Now, questions have been raised on why D.C. police, the lead agency on this murder investigation for the past ten months, have insisted this was a robbery gone bad when there appears to be no evidence to suggest that.Wheeler, a former D.C. police homicide detective, is running a parallel investigation into Rich s murder. He said he believes there is a cover-up and the police department has been told to back down from the investigation. The police department nor the FBI have been forthcoming,  said Wheeler.  They haven t been cooperating at all. I believe that the answer to solving his death lies on that computer, which I believe is either at the police department or either at the FBI. I have been told both. When we asked Wheeler if his sources have told him there is information that links Rich to Wikileaks, he said,  Absolutely. Yeah. That s confirmed. Wheeler also told us,  I have a source inside the police department that has looked at me straight in the eye and said,  Rod, we were told to stand down on this case and I can t share any information with you.  Now, that is highly unusual for a murder investigation, especially from a police department. Again, I don t think it comes from the chief s office, but I do believe there is a correlation between the mayor s office and the DNC and that is the information that will come out [Tuesday].The Democratic National Committee staffer who was gunned down on July 10 on a Washington, D.C., street just steps from his home had leaked thousands of internal emails to WikiLeaks, law enforcement sources told Fox News.A federal investigator who reviewed an FBI forensic report detailing the contents of DNC staffer Seth Rich s computer generated within 96 hours after his murder, said Rich made contact with WikiLeaks through Gavin MacFadyen, a now-deceased American investigative reporter, documentary filmmaker, and director of WikiLeaks who was living in London at the time.  FOX5DCHere is the tweet announcing the death of Gavin MacFayden only weeks before the U.S. presidential election:Gavin Macfadyen was mentor to Assange (and his closest friend in London), to WikiLeaks' Sarah Harrison, Joseph Farrell and many others.  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 23, 2016 I have seen and read the emails between Seth Rich and Wikileaks,  the federal investigator told Fox News, confirming the MacFadyen connection. He said the emails are in possession of the FBI, while the stalled case is in the hands of the Washington Police Department.The revelation is consistent with the findings of Rod Wheeler, a former DC homicide detective and Fox News contributor and whose private investigation firm was hired by Rich s family to probe the case. Rich was shot from behind in the wee hours, but was not robbed. My investigation up to this point shows there was some degree of email exchange between Seth Rich and Wikileaks,  Wheeler said.  I do believe that the answers to who murdered Seth Rich sits on his computer on a shelf at the DC police or FBI headquarters. The federal investigator, who requested anonymity, said 44,053 emails and 17,761 attachments between Democratic National Committee leaders, spanning from January 2015 through late May 2016, were transferred from Rich to MacFadyen before May 21.   FOX NewsWe reported on this story extensively. Here are some of our stunning findings over the past 10 months. It s pretty stunning that it took so long to find out about the e-mails on Rich s laptop: Conspiracy theories have been surrounding the murder of Seth Rich. They reached a new frenzy after the hacking of DNC e-mails led to the resignation of its chairwoman, Debbie Wasserman Schultz.Rich was beaten, shot and killed early on the morning of July 8 while he was walking home and talking on the phone to his girlfriend. Police have said they haven t determined if his murder was a botched robbery or something else. The killer or killers appear to have taken nothing from their victim, leaving behind his wallet, watch and phone.Wikileaks just confirmed murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was the source of the DNC leak.Wikileaks released a series direct messages from US alleged  Russian spy  Guccifer 2.0 to actress model Robbin Young (according to Young).In the stream of texts the discussion leads to the DNC leaker.His name is  Seth ** In November Julian Assange said Russia did not hack into the DNC servers. -h/t GP Here s the proof:Direct Messages from U.S. alleged Russian spy @GUCCIFER_2 to actress-model @robbin_young (according to the latter) https://t.co/uMsB9WgxRQ  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 8, 2017Actress Robbin Young claims she had given this information she received from Guccifer 2.0 to the authorities but,  no one cared :https://twitter.com/Robbin_Young/status/850743524953702404Actress Robbin Young states that Guccifer 2.0 told her,  i m eager to find facts about seth, i m sure it wasn t just a robbery. seth was assassinated. :Guccifer 2.0 said, ""i'm eager to find fact about seth, i'm sure it wasn't just a robbery. seth was assassinated."" #SethRich  Robbin Young (@Robbin_Young) March 29, 2017In June 2016,the hacker Guccifer 2.0 claimed responsibility for breaking into the Democratic National Committee s servers, lifting opposition research the DNC had gathered, including a 200-page document focused on presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.The hacker s moniker is an homage to  Guccifer,  the nom de guerre of Romanian hacker Marcel Lazar who claimed a previous hack into Hillary Clinton s private email server and is now awaiting prosecution for cybercrimes.  RTWhile Wikileaks  Julian Assange was being interviewed by John Pilger, he brought up the death of Seth Rich. Watch Assange s strange and somewhat cagey reply.Here is part of the conversation:Julian Assange: Whistleblowers go to significant efforts to get us material and often very significant risks. As a 27 year-old, works for the DNC, was shot in the back, murdered just a few weeks ago for unknown reasons as he was walking down the street in Washington.Reporter: That was just a robbery, I believe. Wasn t it?Julian Assange: No. There s no finding. So  I m suggesting that our sources take risks.Watch it again in slow motion below:Seth Rich s parents explain what happened only moments before his death. He was the Voter Expansion Data Director for the DNC. His parents say he was,  Making sure everyone who wanted to vote, had the opportunity :Shortly after the killing, Redditors and social media users were pursuing a  lead  saying that Rich was en route to the FBI that fateful morning, apparently intending to speak to special agents about an  ongoing court case  possibly involving the Clinton family.More recently, Wikileaks s thousands of DNC emails and voice mails have piqued Reddit s interest, with Redditors combing through years of communications looking for any clue to Rich s murder.The theory is apparently based on Julian Assange s recent ITV appearance, where he scoffed at the idea that Russian hackers could be responsible for the data dump, and said that  anyone  within the Democrats  organization could easily have sent Wikileaks the offending messages.Given that Rich as a DNC staffer presumably would have had some access to its servers, Reddit is absolutely positive Rich paid the ultimate price for exposing Debbie Wasserman Schultz and the DNC s crusade against Bernie Sanders.  HeatstreetGo HERE for fascinating timeline of events leading up to the brutal murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich. ",0
18623,NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR Calls Out Liberal Press For FAKE NEWS: “The story…is false” [Video],"The Washington Post just got called out BIG TIME on a fake story they published This is a screenshot of the article:THE BIG LIE FROM WASHINGTON POST: President Trump revealed highly classified information to the Russian foreign minister and ambassador in a White House meeting last week, according to current and former U.S. officials, who said Trump s disclosures jeopardized a critical source of intelligence on the Islamic State.The information the president relayed had been provided by a U.S. partner through an intelligence-sharing arrangement considered so sensitive that details have been withheld from allies and tightly restricted even within the U.S. government, officials said.They tried to discredit President Trump in his dealings with Russia by saying President Trump revealed highly classified information to the Russians .NOT TRUE! They got caught and then called out by the Trump administration s National Security Advisor.This is awesome:National Security Advisor, H.R. McMaster made a statement saying,  The story that came out tonight, as reported, is false. Natl Security Adviser McMaster made a statement denying a report that @POTUS revealed classified info to Russia. https://t.co/LB3P3BgT10 pic.twitter.com/gRNcLlZNvC  Fox News (@FoxNews) May 15, 2017",0
18624,SICK TREND: ‘SOLOGAMIST’ Describes What It’s Like To Be The Bride AND The Groom: “I’m Worth It!” [Video],"You might want to grab a barf bag before you watch the video below of Erika discussing marrying herself This is a sure sign that feminism has taken it too far and that our nation has sunk to a new low. What comes to mind for us is the old Saturday Night Live skit with Stuart Smalley aka Senator Al Franken Remember that? Well, this is a  thing  now marrying yourself because Sologamy, or marrying one s self, isn t illegal, but it s also not recognized as a legal union in any state.Sologamists like Erika Anderson of Brooklyn describes her decision to marry herself as  women saying yes to themselves.  WUSA reports: I would describe it as women saying yes to themselves,  Anderson said.  It means that we are enough, even if we are not partnered with someone else. In many ways, the 37-year-old bride looked like any other on her wedding day. She wore a white dress and had a bouquet. Anderson looked stunning with the Brooklyn bridge and New York City skyline behind her.Except when she walked down the aisle, no one was waiting for her. That s just the way she wanted it.Anderson married herself to celebrate independence and believes others should, too.  You re worth it!  Anderson exclaimed.Anderson just celebrated her one-year anniversary with a solo trip to Mexico. She said even though she s married to herself, she s dating and open to marrying another person. She s dating and open to marrying another person.  Then why get married at all?Nadine explains why she married herself:Read more: Legal Insurrection",0
18625,WOW! WOMAN TOTALLY FREAKS OUT At Sight Of Confederate Flag In Store…REAL OR FAKE OUTRAGE? [Video],"WHAT NOT TO DO IS PRETTY MUCH EVERYTHING THIS NUTJOB DID:1. Do not angrily confront anyone with children in tow Franklin claims to be terrified of these men and yet she aggressively confronts them and films them while hurling insults at them. She thinks they are  racists  and people who support  hate symbols,  which leads one to believe she also thinks they are capable of great violence. Would you provoke violent racists while you have your children with you? I wouldn t. So either she s incredibly stupid or she knows these men aren t dangerous at all and what she is doing is meant to intimidate and shame them. (Let s also acknowledge that it can t possibly be good for children to hear their mother sobbing and freaking out while she does absolutely nothing to reassure them. It s hard to watch.)2. Don t lie about things that are verifiably untrue When faking a hate hoax, make sure you edit out the parts of the video that prove you re a liar. She lied about several things. First, she lied about the Confederate flags  hanging on the wall.  You ll notice that in the video you can t see any flags. That s because there weren t any on the wall like Franklin claimed. She might have gotten away with it if she hadn t taken a picture of the flags and posted them on her Facebook page for anyone to see. Here is the  flag  she claims was displayed on the wall: It it not a flag and it is not hanging on the wall. It s a rug that is hanging in a rug rack with other rugs and it s buried in the middle where she would have had to dig through them to find it. Then she lied about what the men said to her. We can clearly hear the man call her a  bit*h.  But when she describes what happens to her to a bystander, she decides to make it sound worse by saying he called her a  f***ing bit*h.  She also adds that they followed her around, which also doesn t appear true when watching the video she made.Then she lies about the man in the parking lot  approaching  her! Clearly, the man is filming her from about 50 feet away while standing absolutely still. He only moves once when she dares him not to come any closer and sarcastically takes one giant step forward like he s playing Simon Says. It s hilarious. This triggers the next mentally unstable reaction from the SJW.3. If you can t muster real tears, don t bother Her out-of-control response and fake crying are Razzie-worthy. She s so  terrified  and scared for her life that she remembers to turn the camera around so we can all see her dry cheeks as she wails uncontrollably at an ear-splitting frequency. Then, when a good Samaritan comes over to assist her, she continues her bad acting and fake sobbing while her nose grows on camera as she starts recounting a bunch of stuff that didn t happen, proving once again that SJWs always lie.Via: PJMedia",0
18626,"THAILAND THREATENS TO PROSECUTE FACEBOOK Over Embarrassing Video Showing King Walking Through Mall In Yellow Crop Top, Covered In Tattoos [VIDEO]","Embarrassing footage of Thailand s king wearing a crop top and showing his tattoos have prompted authorities to threaten action against Facebook.The video of King Maha Vajiralongkorn strolling around a shopping centre with a woman was widely shared on the social network.But Thai authorities have threatened to press charges if it is still available at 10am tomorrow.The video shows the monarch, who came to power last year following the death of his father, with a number of tattoos on his arms, stomach, and back.Watch:Under strict lese-majeste laws in Thailand, people can be jailed for up to 15 years for sharing material which is insulting to the monarchy.The video has been geo-blocked by the social network, but Thai authorities say 131 pages containing the  illicit  video are still available.Takorn Tantasith, secretary-general of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission said:  If even a single illicit page remains, we will immediately discuss what legal steps to take against Facebook Thailand. Last week the Thai Internet Service Provider Association emailed Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg calling for the posts to be blocked, the Bangkok Post reports.  Daily Mail ",0
18627,LEFT GOES NUTS: Chemist From DC Wins Miss USA Title After Saying Health Care Is A “Privilege” And Not A “Right” [VIDEO],"The District of Columbia has won back-to-back Miss USA titles.Kara McCullough, a 25-year-old chemist working for the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, was crowned Sunday at the Mandalay Bay Convention Center on the Las Vegas Strip. She will go on to compete on the Miss Universe contest.The runner-up was Miss New Jersey Chhavi Verg, a student at Rutgers University studying marketing and Spanish. The second runner-up was Miss Minnesota Meridith Gould, who is studying apparel retail merchandising at the University of Minnesota.Fifty-one women representing each state and the nation s capital participated in the decades-old competition.McCullough was born in Naples, Italy, and raised in Virginia Beach, Virginia. She said she wants to inspire children to pursue careers in the fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics.Last year, District of Columbia resident Deshauna Barber became the first-ever military member to win Miss USA.The top five finalists where asked different questions that touched on the pros and cons of social media, women s rights and issues affecting teenagers. McCullough was asked whether she thinks that affordable health care for all U.S. citizens is a right or a privilege. McCullough said it is a privilege.Later in the competition, the McCullough, Verg and Gould were asked to explain what they consider feminism to be and whether they consider themselves feminists. Miss District of Columbia said she likes to  transpose  the word feminism to  equalism. Watch: ABC Newshttps://youtu.be/muS063iEnIkMany Americans were cheering her response on Twitter:Miss USA is a wonderful role model! Leave it to the nasty, sneering left to attack her b/c she doesn't fit their narrative. @foxandfriends pic.twitter.com/CFmVdivTke  Kristin Tate (@KristinBTate) May 15, 2017https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/864121879837241345But many on the left were not as happy with the newly crowned Miss USA Kara McCullough.This Twitter user tells McCullough she doesn t  deserve Miss USA 2017  title because she s not towing the liberal line:#MissUSAHealthcare = privilege! loose a job ,ok to die bcs you don't deserve helpYou dont deserve Miss USA 2017!  Homes by Sylva (@sylvalisko) May 15, 2017TwitterThis Twitter user thought the results were  rigged  and should be decided by a  democracy LOL!Retweet if you think #MissUSA was rigged!!!!! OMG shouldn't MISS USA be decided by a democracy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! pic.twitter.com/TJXp0U5Yl4  Sarah Lauren (@sarahmlauren) May 15, 2017When McCullough said she d like to replace  feminism  with  equality  the triggered left immediately turned that comment into a negative, insisting that she doesn t believe in equality for women.Miss USA 2017 is a no for me   she said she's against feminism and healthcare being a right? pic.twitter.com/ihPGBslN7H  Jon Snow (@justkriistel) May 15, 2017",0
18628,WATCH DEMOCRATS Repeat Exact Same Phrase On Fake Trump/Russian Story [Video],"The Democrats just keep on pushing the FAKE NEWS of Trump colluding with the russians to win the election. The striking thing is the coordination in talking points. Unreal! They must email every person to push over and over the same words so we re all brainwashed to believe the lies:Earlier in the week, the line was  crisis of confidence The Democrats are way too predictable!CNN decided it was a good time to declare  a crisis in confidence  with the trump administration What a joke! The firing of Comey was nothing of the sort! when Democrats called for coney s firing for months and then Trump finally fires him, how can that be a bad thing for Democrats? It s not they re just playing politics:CNN Reported: A president who thrives on crises has created the biggest one yet of his presidency.President Trump s decision to fire James Comey creates a crisis of confidence around the federal government on a level that most likely hasn t been seen since Watergate. With the tangled threads of Russian influence, last year s presidential election and an active FBI investigation, Trump s move will test loyalties and force a moment of truth for his Republican allies and his Justice Department.No one is seriously questioning whether the president acted within his authority, and the White House s official explanation for what transpired is straightforward enough. According to that version of events, the attorney general and deputy attorney general recommended Comey s ouster, and the president quickly agreed and acted accordingly.",0
18629,‘NOT WITTINGLY’ JAMES CLAPPER Reveals Anti-Trump-Bitterness: “Our Institutions Are Under Assault” [Video],"All you have to do is listen to Clapper lie before Congress and you know he has ZERO credibility to speak:Remember the famous moment when US NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE CHIEF James Clapper was testifying about the NSA surveillance of Americans when he let slip a sign he was not being truthful. Of course, we knew this was all a smoke and mirrors show. Clapper later said he  misspoke last we checked it s pretty much the same thing as lying NOT WITTINGLY    JAMES CLAPPERHere s the video below where he parses words in his testimony: Clapper took over in 2010 heading up 17 different intelligence agencies. His tenure was marked by the Edward Snowden leaks on US intelligence. He s always said he d resign at the end of Obama s presidency but we re wondering if he s jumping before Trump appointees arrive. Clapper and Gen. Mike Flynn have a history that s not so perfect:Two years ago, I was called into a meeting with the undersecretary of defense for intelligence and the director of national intelligence, and after some  niceties,  I was told by the USDI that I was being let go from DIA. It was definitely an uncomfortable moment (I suspect more for them than me).I asked the DNI (Gen. James Clapper) if my leadership of the agency was in question and he said it was not; had it been, he said, they would have relieved me on the spot.I knew then it had more to do with the stand I took on radical Islamism and the expansion of al Qaeda and its associated movements. I felt the intel system was way too politicized, especially in the Defense Department. After being fired, I left the meeting thinking,  Here we are in the middle of a war, I had a significant amount of combat experience (nearly five years) against this determined enemy on the battlefield and served at senior levels, and here it was, the bureaucracy was letting me go.  Amazing.This ll be interesting to watch.",0
18630,MINORITY TRUMP SUPPORTERS Thrown Out Of Maxine Waters Town Hall By Leftist Bullies [Video],"The video below begins with a Hispanic man telling the videographer to  go back to Europe . He continues n his rant ending with what he must consider a derogatory term PILGRIM! . This is California and this is the attitude of many hispanics. Notice how the t-shirts some of the Hispanics are wearing say, stolen lands . Maxine Waters  represents Inglewood, California where free speech is apparently just for those against President Trump. Anyone in the audience who is even perceived to be against Waters is yelled at and tossed out.Free speech? Notice how Maxine Waters claims that those who oppose her must not realize where they are INGLEWOOD! Isn t she doing exactly what Martin Luther King, Jr. fought against? She s refusing to allow anyone who disagrees with her to even be in the same room! The people who were tossed out for absolutely no reason!Watch Maxine lie through her teeth to the people of Inglewood about Trump s tax plan and healthcare bill. She pulls the class warfare card when describing the tax bill. Fear mongering is her forte as you ll see in the video below:THE STREET ARTIST SABO plastered these awesome posters all over Inglewood:Impeach Maxine Waters & Impeach Trump signs side by side. Only one is taken seriously.  pic.twitter.com/B1FJkmIFX2  Corryn Mobley  (@Corrynmb) May 14, 2017",0
18631,THE VIDEO LIBERALS Don’t Want You To See: LIL WAYNE Tells How A White Cop Saved His Life…”I Don’t Know What Racism Is”,"Lil Wayne, whose real name is Dwayne Michael Carter Jr, was being interviewed on Fox Sports 1 s show Undisputed in September when he said he had  never dealt with racism .Here is the FOX Sports interview. Watch Lil Wayne say the media doesn t want to ask him about racism that he s faced, because  he s blessed  and that  never faced racism in his life :Carter cited as evidence the fact that his concerts were attended by a lot of white fans. I thought that was clearly a message that were was no such thing as racism,  he told host Skip Bayless.The New Orleans-born rapper came under fire on social media for his comments, but explained they had to do with the man who saved his life.Carter was just 12 years old when he accidentally shot himself in the chest.He was lying on the floor when police broke down his door, stepping over his body as they searched for guns and drugs.The cops who ran into the home were  blacker than me , Carter said, but the one cop who stopped to check on him was  white as snow .Carter said the man, who was known as  Uncle Bob , chastised his fellow officers for leaving him. He then personally took Carter to the hospital. (He) stood there and waited until the doctor said  He s gonna make it , Carter said.Watch Lil Wayne tell the story of how a cop  as white as snow  saved his life:  Yeah, he was a cop, and my life was saved by a white man. I don t know what racism is,  he added.Still Carter acknowledged that despite what he told Bayless on Undisputed, there is such thing as racism.However, he reiterated that when he looks out from the stage, he sees all colors. It s the world out there. It s not a certain part or a certain kind or a certain culture or whatever of people, it s people   those people out there in that crowd,  Carter said. I m blessed to have that opportunity, so with that said I can only be honest with such a thing, I have never witnessed racism.   Daily MailLil Wayne allowed Nightline to interview him last year. Nightline hosts were clearly disappointed when they didn t get the answers they had hoped for from him.  When Nightline host Lindsey Davis attempted to label him as a misogynist, and a sexist, he made it clear her labels were of no consequence to him. When she asked him about his  relationship with weed,  Lil Wayne surprised her by saying that in his life, God came first, then family, his kids, then music and last of all weed. The interview ended when Lil Wayne got angry as Davis seemed offended that he was unwilling to buy into the Black Lives Matter movement being pushed by Barack Obama: ",0
18632,STUNNING: OBAMA PREACHES Value Of Communism To Italian Audience [Video],"STUNNING! Former US Pres. Obama was at the International Summit of Food Innovation in Milan. May 9. 2017 It s called SEEDS AND CHIPS but should be called THE BASICS OF COMMUNISM BY BARACK OBAMAYou might not want to listen to the entire video but it is truly stunning to listen to the elitist globalist vision for controlling the masses. This is where we re heading if the people don t recognize this and rise up to fight it. This is why the left hates Trump! the shadow government wants control and will do everything it can to continue ruling. Obama and his cronies are dangerous to us all. We hope you ll listen to the entire video or at least the point beginning with 44:36:Please go to the 44:36 point of the video: Obama speaks and then notice the clapping after his comments   these elitist lefties are nutso!OBAMA PRAISING THE INHERENT VALUE OF COMMUNISM: This is a much bigger concern in the economy as a whole. And my guess is that ultimately what is going to happen is that everybody is going to have to work less and we re going to have to spread work more.But that is going to require a reorganization of the social compact. That requires we change our mindset about the link between work, income and value of people in the teaching profession, or in healthcare, or in certain things that cannot be done by AI or a robot.How do we prepare for that? And how do we start creating, or at least having a conversation within our society about making sure that work and opportunities are spread; and that everybody has the chance to live a good and fulfilling life?Rather than having a few people who are working 80 to 90 hours a week and making enormous incomes; and then a large portion of redundant workers that increasingly have difficult time supporting families. That s not a sustainable mechanism for democracy and a healthy society.The end of the stunning comments is 46:40 of video",0
18633,"5 BIG LIES THE LEFTY MEDIA TOLD THIS WEEK…Then The Truth On Trump, Comey And Russia","We have very few favorites when it comes to reporting for obvious reasons: They lie all the time! Who hasn t read or heard something totally false about Trump and Russia? This past week was a banner week of lies from the main stream media so it s our pleasure to straighten things out for everyone We ve discovered a star news reporting organization that stands above most others in their reporting on the Trump/Russia investigation. CIRCA NEWS with Sara Carter and John Solomon are setting the record straight!Here s the skinny on the latest media lies and the truth via Circa:Aggressive news reporting can be a public service, like when courageous journalists exposed Richard Nixon s Watergate, the Catholic church s cover up of the sexual abuse and the U.S. intelligence failures that preceded 9-11.But breathless, half-baked reporting in times of tumult can also misserve the public, like when The Wall Street Journal retracted a false story that Bill Clinton had been seen in a compromising position with an intern in the White House or when NBC wrongly identified Richard Jewell as the Olympic Park bombing suspect.This past week, professional journalism offered us several new examples of breathless reporting during the brouhaha over Donald Trump, James Comey and Russia intelligence. At their least, some stories misled the public, and at their worst they outright misinformed.Here are some examples this week that should cause the media to search whether its current standards are doing enough to ensure the public gets the whole truth. You can review the facts and decide for yourself whether the media shamed itself.The Rosenstein  Quitting Episode The Washington Post reported Wednesday night that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein had  threatened to resign after the narrative emerging from the White House on Tuesday evening cast him as a prime mover of the decision to fire Comey. The story cited an unnamed source close to the White House. But it did not have any comment or confirmation from the man who was alleged to have made the threat.When Sinclair Broadcast Group s Michelle Macaluso finally caught up to Rosenstein, a funny thing happened. He debunked the story. No, I m not quitting,  he said.The reporter pressed on:  Did you threaten to quit? No,  Rosenstein said.The Post did not return a call for comment Friday on whether it stood by its story.The Comey resources requestThe New York Times and several other outlets reported Wednesday that Comey, just before he was fired, had asked the Justice Department s Rosenstein for more funding and personnel for the Russia intelligence probe. But when Comey s deputy got to Capitol Hill the next day, he denied there was any need for more resources. I believe we have the adequate resources to do it and I know that we have resourced that investigation adequately,  FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe told lawmakers.McCabe said the FBI, if it needed more resources, wouldn t even go to the Justice Department but instead to Congress.  We don t typically request resources for an individual case,  he explained.CNN s claim that Trump  is under investigation During the breaking story on Comey Tuesday night, respected CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin declared the FBI director s firing was a  grotesque abuse of power  and that it was a  political act when the President is under investigation. Toobin is entitled to his opinion but he should have the right facts. Numerous sources confirm to Circa that Comey told Congress just last week that Trump is NOT a target of the Russia probe.CNN s connection of grand jury subpoenas to Comey s firingCNN went live with an exclusive the night Comey was fired, reporting that grand jury subpoenas were issued to associates of former Trump National Security Adviser Michael Flynn seeking business records in the Russia case.But with one slight turn of hand, CNN s legitimate scoop was crafted to suggest there had been some correlation to Comey s firing. CNN learned of the subpoenas hours before President Donald Trump fired FBI director James Comey,  the network reported.The multitude of media comparisons to WatergateCountless media outlets from Politico and The New York Times to Mother Jones have suggested the whole Russia scandal is akin to Watergate, right down to Comey s firing mirroring Nixon s efforts to axe the special Watergate prosecutor Archibald Cox.There s just one problem with that. Nixon was the target of the Watergate probe and he was accused of specific crimes.Via: Circa New/John Solomon",0
18634,KELLYANNE CONWAY Calls Out Classless CNN Anchor For “Sexist” Move [Video],Anderson Cooper decided it would be a good idea to roll his eyes numerous times during his interview with Kellyanne Conway Not smart!The cameras caught his eye rolls Classless move! Conway responded by calling his move  sexist . We have to agree because you know he wouldn t pull this move with anyone else. Conway has been just one more person the left has targeted with their slings and arrows. It s not professional critique but nasty and very sophomoric comments about anything from the way Conway dresses to her physical appearance. It s been brutal but she s such a strong woman that she just keeps bringing great commentary. We say BRAVO!The disrespect is unbelievable!,0
18635,ABC Shuts Down Conservative Tim Allen’s “Last Man Standing”…Viewers Furious When They See How Highly Show Was Rated,"Tim Allen s hit sitcom  Last Man Standing  has seen its final days.ABC announced it has canceled Allen s show after six seasons. This was a scheduling decision,  wrote Jori Arancio, senior vice president of ABC Entertainment and ABC Studios, in an email sent to Fox News on Friday.According to Deadline, ABC and its production partner for the show 20th Century Fox TV typically negotiate licensing fees prior to each season, however the network simply decided to pull the plug.A rep for 20th Century Fox TV told us cancellation decisions are made by ABC.  FOX NewsIn December, 2016, Tim Allen is took on  microagressions  in one of the episodes of ABC sitcom  Last Man Standing. In an installment entitled  Precious Snowflake,  Allen, who plays conservative family man Mike Baxter, goes head-to-head with his daughter Mandy over the issue on college campuses:The cancellation came as a shock for many fans considering the show s high ratings. Deadline reports the sitcom was the network s second-highest comedy this season and averaged 8.1 million viewers, just behind  Modern Family,  which averaged 8.7 million viewers this season and was recently renewed for two more seasons. It was also ABC s third highest watched scripted series behind  Grey s Anatomy  and  Modern Family. I am so upset that #ABC has decided to cancel Last Man Standing because Tim Allen is conservative. It's funny. #nomoreABC  Linda Smith (@LindaMcRaeSmith) May 12, 2017Wow ABC good job showing free speech by ending a conservative tv show cause you don't agree with it. #lastmanstanding #TimAllen best show!  Mary Popish (@maypop36) May 11, 2017Infuriated that @ABCNetwork is cancelling #lastmanstanding despite high ratings and viewership! I can find entertainment on other networks.  Natalie Richoux (@NatalieRichoux) May 12, 2017Tim Allen recently told Jimmy Kimmel that he had to  be careful  around  intolerant liberals  in Hollywood:",0
18636,POST-OBAMA AMERICA: Liberal Thug Gets Physical With N. Dakota GOP Rep At Town Hall [VIDEO],"It s becoming fairly commonplace for public acts of violence to occur when liberals don t get exactly what they want. We used to rely on free speech at town halls to debate our differences, but we re living in a post-Obama era now, where Soros paid thugs have been committing so many acts of violence occur that we almost expect it. Sadly, wherever there is a gathering of people with opposing political views, most Americans now expect to see violence take place A man got physical with Republican North Dakota Rep. Kevin Cramer at a town hall meeting Thursday before being escorted out by police.The man was yelling at Rep. Cramer,  Will the rich benefit from, if the health care is destroyed, do the rich get a tax break? Yes or no?  He then shoved cash into the congressman s collar, saying,  There you go, take it. Cramer responded,  That s too far,  and police escorted the man from the meeting. Another man was escorted out after he stepped in and blocked the man yelling as he was angrily approaching the congressman.CNN anchor Poppy Harlow described the scene as,  This man showing his disgust with the Congressman s support of tax cuts for the wealthy, one part of the GOP plan right now. Earlier today we reported on a Tennessee woman has obviously bought into the left s playbook to act as crazy as possible when at a town hall.WEAKELY COUNTY, Tenn.   A Weakely County woman was arrested after reportedly following Congressman David Kustoff   and then threatening him.Police say Wendi Wright followed a car down Highway 45 Monday afternoon. Inside the car were Congressman Kustoff and aide Marianne Dunavant. Wright reportedly followed the car after it left a town hall on the UT Martin campus.THIS WOMAN LEFT THE TOWN HALL AND ENDANGERED THE LIVES OF THE CONGRESSMAN AND HIS PASSENGER! WHO DOES THAT?A police report states Kustoff and Dunavant felt they were in danger of being forced off the road.",0
18637,MICHELLE OBAMA COMES OUT OF HIDING To Accuse President Trump Of “Not Caring About Your Kids” Wants Them To Eat “Crap” [VIDEO],"Michelle came out of hiding today to take a baseball bat to President Trump. She spoke to an audience about nutrition and  started out her speech by attacking President Trump,  We gotta make sure we don t let anybody [Trump] take us back. Because the question is where we going back to? And this is where you really have to look at motives. Ya know I mean, you have to stop and think, why don t you want our kids to have good food at school? What is wrong with you? And then for the kicker, immediately after she lobs a direct verbal bomb at President Trump, she asks,  Why is that a partisan issue? Why would that be political?Mooch then goes on to call mom s to take action against Trump. She tells the audience,  Here s the secret If someone [Trump] is doing that (taking her crappy lunches out of school cafeteria s) they don t care about your kids. Can anyone imagine Laura Bush coming out on her first public appearance after leaving the White House and accusing the newly ordained Barack Obama of not caring about your kids? I can guarantee you d be hearing about it in more places than just conservative media sources like 100percentfedup.com!It s a question she should have asked herself. In case anyone has forgotten what Mooch s lunches for kids that she cared so deeply for looked like, we ve included a few examples of photos that were posted to social media of Mooch s  crap sandwiches . Hopefully these photos won t ruin your appetite for your next meal:Wow! I bet the kids couldn t wait to dig into this mystery meal:Fresh catch sandwich with fresh sweet corn!Here s Michelle s version of pizza:",0
18638,WOW! RUSSIAN HACKER Gives Stunning Details Of Deal FBI Offered Him To Falsely Claim He Hacked Hillary’s Email On Behalf Of Putin For Trump,"A Russian man wanted by the Justice Department on charges connected to hacking U.S. companies now claims the FBIoffered him immunity in exchange for accepting responsibility for cyberattacks targeting former Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.Yevgeny Nikulin, the alleged hacker, laid the claim to Russian media Thursday in a letter sent from a Czech Republic prison cell amid an international extradition battle currently underway between Washington and Moscow.FBI agents promised Mr. Nikulin money, American citizenship and a free apartment for taking the fall over hacking Mrs. Clinton s campaign, he alleged in a letter published Thursday by Nastoyashchoe Vremya, a Russian-language website. He was offered to falsely testify that he was cooperating in the attack on the Democratic Party,  defense attorney Martin Sadilek said Thursday, the Associated Press reported.The FBI declined to comment.Mr. Nikulin was apprehended in Prague last October pursuant to an internal arrest warrant and was subsequently charged by a federal grand jury in California with hacking LinkedIn, Dropbox and Formspring, three San Francisco-based internet companies. He s wanted in both the U.S. and Russia, however, and has remained for months in Czech custody as authorities review requests from both countries.FBI agents interviewed Mr. Nikulin twice since his arrest, he wrote, and each time asked him to confess to hacking American political targets. Mr. Nikulin said he refused their initial request last November, then received a second offer three months later.FBI agents asked Mr. Nikulin to admit hacking Mrs. Clinton s presidential campaign, Democratic Party computers and American polling stations  on Putin s orders,  he wrote. In exchange, he alleges, the FBI said he d be extradited to the U.S. but ultimately given money, citizenship and a free apartment.  Washington Times",0
18639,WHOA! COLLEGE SNOWFLAKE FREAKS OUT: Screams For Two Minutes Over A Trump Sign On Campus,"So much for healthy debate on college campus Instead, liberals deal with conflict by screaming at the top of their lungs in protest. How mature A shocking new video shows a Western Washington University student screaming for at least two-minutes straight after seeing a Donald Trump sign on campus.According to a video of the incident obtained by Campus Reform, an unknown student reacted to a street preacher s pro-Trump sign by spiraling into a two-minute fit, at some points even splattering paint on the ground in an apparent attempt at artistic protest.At certain points throughout the video, passers-by stop to ask the woman if she s alright, to which she seems to indicate that she s screaming as a form of protest.This  woman  needs to go back to pre-school to learn how to behave. Screaming gets NOTHING done it just makes people want to run away from you. How about mature discussion and debate?Read more: Campus Reform",0
18640,PRESIDENT TRUMP WARNS Comey…Tweets Veiled Threat To Former FBI Director,"Donald Trump lobbed a veiled threat at the former FBI director on Friday, hinting that some of their conversations before his firing may have been recorded. James Comey better hope that there are no  tapes  of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!  the president tweeted.James Comey better hope that there are no ""tapes"" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017It s unclear whether Trump was warning that the White House is recording his calls, or if he believes the FBI may have been recording Comey s.Trump said Thursday during an interview with NBC News that the two men have spoken at least three times since Inauguration Day.Watch President Trump tell NBC s Lester Holt he was going to fire Comey anyway:And on those occasions, he insisted, Comey assured him that he was not personally the subject of any federal investigations. He said it once at dinner and then he said it twice during phone calls,  Trump said.He described a matter-of-fact exchange over dinner in which he asked an unusual question and got an unconventional response. I said,  If it s possible would you let me know, am I under investigation?  Trump recalled. He said,  You are not under investigation . It is rare for a federal law enforcement official to tell anyone, including the President of the United States, whether they are being investigated.Even if Comey doesn t speak to reporters about the circumstances behind his dismissal on Tuesday, he may have a high-profile venue to tell his side of the story.The Senate Intelligence Committee has asked him to testify next week.The latest twist from Trump amid reports that he demanded loyalty from James Comey during the private dinner at the White House back in January.The claims from associates of the now fired FBI director. Comey had told associates that he was summoned to the White House for a one-on-one dinner with Trump seven days after the inauguration, the New York Times reports.It was during the dinner that Trump reportedly asked Comey twice to pledge loyalty to him as the new Commander in Chief.Sources claim Comey declined to do so but said he told the President he would always be honest with him.Trump is said to have pressed Comey on whether that would be  honest loyalty , to which the FBI director said:  You will have that.  Sources close to Comey said he now believes this dinner conversation may have sealed his fate.This version of events is vastly different to the dinner conversation Trump himself described in an interview with NBC s Lester Holt on Thursday.The version is denied by the White House. But the president also used Twitter on Friday morning to say that  it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy .While it is not clear if they are talking about the same dinner, the pair are believed to have only dined together privately once.Trump indicated that he had dinner with Comey at the former FBI director s request   and said Comey was angling to keep his job. I had a dinner with him. He wanted to have dinner because he wanted to stay on. We had a very nice dinner at the White House,  Trump said. He asked for the dinner?  Holt followed up. A dinner was arranged, I think he asked for the dinner,  the president hedged.  And he wanted to stay on as the FBI head. And I said I ll consider and we ll see what happens. But we had a very nice dinner. And at that time he told me  you are not under investigation ,  Trump said.Trump said he had asked Comey   once over dinner and twice by phone   if the FBI were investigating him as part of its probe into alleged collusion between members of his campaign and the Russian government prior to the election.The President showed no concern that the request might be viewed as interference in the active FBI probe.Comey has not spoken publicly to confirm or challenge Trump s account.During that same interview, Trump declared he had planned to fire Comey all along, regardless of whether top Justice Department officials recommended the stunning step.The White House had initially cited a Justice Department memo criticizing Comey s handling of last year s investigation into Hillary Clinton s emails as the impetus for Trump s decision.For entire story-Daily Mail",0
18641,WOW! MALE College Professor Caught On Camera BULLYING Female Pro-Life Student: “College campuses are not free speech areas” [VIDEO],"A Fresno State University professor was recently caught on camera scrubbing pro-life message off of the sidewalk and encouraging several of his students to do the same.Here is Gregory Thatcher s profile on the Fresno State College website. We thought we d post it before they take it down. His contact information is listed below, if you d like to have a respectful free speech discussion with him. The whole idea of free speech is that we have a free speech area on campus, kay?  Professor Gregory Thatcher erroneously declares in a video recorded by the school s Students for Life chapter.  Free speech is free speech in the free speech area. It s a pretty simple concept, okay? This does not constitute a free speech area, okay? He and his  students  go on to argue that it is within their own First Amendment rights to actively remove the pro-life messages from campus, and in one instance Thatcher claims that since the pro-life group has  permission to put it down  he has  permission to get rid of it. This is our part of free speech. Do you disagree with our part of free speech?  Thatcher asked while erasing one of the club s messages, after which he proclaimed that  college campuses are not free speech areas. The Alliance Defending Freedom (ADF) has since filed a lawsuit against Thatcher on behalf of the Students for Life chapter at Fresno State, arguing that his efforts to intimidate and harass members of the Student for Life chapter violated their fundamental right to free speech.***WARNING***The video you are about to see will make your blood boil. It s pretty hard to watch a full grown man employed by Fresno College sending female students out to do his dirty work. It s even harder to watch the way he aggressively approaches this young female pro-life student, while arrogantly explaining to her that he has the right to deny her free-speech in America Fresno State Students for Life received full permission to chalk pro-life messages near the library. Rather than countering with his own message, Dr. Thatcher took the illegal approach of censoring speech and inciting students to help in this,  Kristan Hawkins, president of Students for Life of America, remarked in a press release, claiming that no student  should have to endure this kind of intimidation and harassment for simply expressing their views. For entire story: Campus Reform ",0
18642,“This Is TOTALLY FAKE!” Tucker Loses His Temper on Russia Conspiracy Hack [Video],"Tucker Carlson debates the Russia conspiracy with Mustafa Tameez, former consultant for the Department of Homeland Security. Oh boy! It gets so heated but Tucker gets his point across to this political hack: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4xzSKcArdcThe Democrats so desperately want to take down this president that it s getting out of control. Just listen to this  former consultant  and his spin on the firing of Sally Yates and the Russia investigation. The reason they fired her isn t really the reason they say they fired her? Huh? It s like they can t keep up with all of the made up conspiracy theories. Tameez claims Trump is intimidating the people investigating him Oy vey! Tucker goes off the rails after this political hack tries to pull the same Democrat talking points I m done!  ",0
18643,DEMOCRAT SENATOR Makes Up FAKE Anti-Trump Story During CNN Interview [VIDEO],"The Democrats are lying all over the place along with the main stream media it s hard to keep up with the lies. This is shameful and every one of these people should be called out on their lies. Markey repeated something he read on two blogs! So who repeats as FACT something they just READ about on two blogs? Unbelievable!Senator Ed Markey was on CNN and lied during the interview about Trump Shame on him!Sen. Ed Markey (D., Mass.) on Wednesday spread a false news story about the investigation into President Donald Trump s campaign team s purported ties to Russia. There are very strong allegations that the Russians had relationships with people inside of the Trump campaign,  Markey said during an interview on CNN. In fact, subpoenas have now been issued in Northern Virginia with regard to General [Michael Flynn] and General Flynn s associates,  Markey continued.  A grand jury has been impanelled up in New York. There have been subpoenas issued in Virginia (to associates of Flynn), but no reputable outlet has reported anything about an impaneled grand jury. When a Guardian reporter requested a source, Markey s office said he read about it on two blogs Huh?The democrats are so desperate to nail Trump that they re taking fake news to a whole new level ",0
18644,WOW! SARA HUCKABEE-SANDERS Drops Mother Of All Verbal Bombs On Media Over Hypocrisy On Comey Firing [VIDEO],"ABC s Jonathan Karl asked a very spunky Sara Huckabee-Sanders (yes, Sara is the daughter of the very funny and sarcastic former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee) if Vice President Pence was  in the dark  about the firing of FBI Director James Comey? Sara snapped back,  Nobody was in the dark Jonathan! You wanna create this false narrative. If we want talk about ah contradicting statements and people that were maybe in the dark, how about the Democrats?  Let s read a few of them. You wanna talk about  em? Here s what Democrats said not that long ago about James Comey :Harry Reid said,  Comey should resign and be investigated by the Senate. Senator Chuck Schumer,  I don t have confidence in him anymore.  Senator Bernie Sanders said,  It would not be a bad thing for the American people if Comey resigned.  Nancy Pelosi said,  Comey was not in the right job.  Former DNC Chair, Debbie Wasserman Schultz said that she thought Comey was no longer able to serve in a neutral and credible way.  President Obama s advisor Valerie Jarrett reportedly urged him to fire Comey.  Just yesterday, Representative Maxine Waters said that,  Hillary Clinton would have fired Comey.  You wanna talk about people who are in the dark? The people that are in the dark today are the Democrats.Boom!Earlier today, we posted a video that President Trump posted to his Twitter page pointing out the absurd hypocrisy of the Democrats and their allies in the liberal media. This video pretty much sums up how hypocritical Democrats and their media arm really are when it comes to anything related to Trump.Watch:The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!#DrainTheSwamp pic.twitter.com/UfbKEECm2V  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 11, 2017 ",0
18645,"WATCH: PRESIDENT TRUMP Hilariously Exposes Hypocrisy Of Democrats, Media Allies On Comey Firing In One PERFECT Video","Before Trump, Democrats and their allies in the leftist media rarely had to worry about being called out for their hypocrisy. First of all, there wasn t an opposing voice in the media and politicians in the Republican Party, most especially the President of the United States, certainly weren t going to call them out. Before Donald J. Trump, Republicans were under the false impression that they needed the press in their corner. That was before Donald J. Trump shattered the old rules that protected the media class from scrutiny and allowed them to fully control the narrative.Fortunately for every American, there s a new sheriff in town, who is hell-bent on holding Democrats and the leftist media s feet to the fire when it comes to their hypocrisy. President Trump posted this hilarious video to Twitter yesterday that has already received over 77K  likes .President Trump tweeted this message yesterday:Dems have been complaining for months & months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 10, 2017President Trump followed it up with this hilarious video only 5 hours later in this tweet: The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace! #DrainTheSwampThe Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!#DrainTheSwamp pic.twitter.com/UfbKEECm2V  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 11, 2017",0
18646,LOL! CNN Interview Abruptly Ends When Student Who Started Protest At Betsy DeVos Speech Realizes He Can’t Explain Why He’s Protesting [VIDEO],"The students of the historically black Bethune-Cookman University booed the invited commencement speaker, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos. They yelled over her speech, they even turned their backs on her. For 25 minutes the students at Bethune Cookman reminded us just how far Obama has divided our nation.A sophomore student at Bethune-Cookman, a historically black university, filmed himself running around with his phone as he yelled for the seniors to stand and rebuke Betsy DeVos during her commencement speech. He implored the graduating seniors to disrupt her speech by yelling and standing with their backs to  DeVos, who bravely persevered through her speech in spite of their embarrassing behavior.The student, who says his name is  Bobbie Luke  and identifies himself as a  StuPid NiGGA  on his Twitter account, was eventually thrown out of the venue by campus security.CNN breathlessly followed the student as he was being thrown out, hoping to get an intelligent response from the student about why he was whipping the graduating seniors into a frenzy over Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos  commencement speech. What they got however, was a big disappointment.Here s the video that was taken by @bobbieluke on his cell phone of the graduating seniors responding to his pleas to disrupt and disrespect their commencement speaker:BCU17. We Salute you all standing up for what is right and blocking out @BetsyDeVosED pic.twitter.com/dRguU6EIYC  The HBCU Roundtable  (@HBCU_Roundtable) May 10, 2017Here s another video taken from the audience that shows Bobbie Luke walking down the aisle encouraging the students to stand with their backs to DeVos :https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/862394519056265217Here s the video taken by CNN reporter Nick Valencia that exposes Bobbie Luke s embarrassing attempt to explain why he chose to lead the disrespectful rebuke of Betsy DeVos at the senior s graduation ceremony. When asked by the CNN reporter what he was standing up for, Luke replied:  I don t like what she said and nothing at the end of the day is going to change my opinion. Basically, if you not, if you not, basically if you let money devalue your morals, I m not trying to hear. That s all I got to say. As Bobbie Luke is walking away, he can be heard saying, I like your suit.  (Bobbie Luke essentially ends the interview  by saying he likes the CNN reporter s nice [expensive?] suit that was purchased with money, that according to Luke, devalues morals LOL!)One demonstrator escorted out of @BetsyDeVos speech. pic.twitter.com/VmssgmakMR  Nick Valencia (@CNNValencia) May 10, 2017Liberal hack Matt Lauer, host of the Today Show did a story on the disrespectful behavior of the graduates. As usual, Lauer couldn t help himself from attempting to make it look like DeVos was the villain in the story. Listen to the emphasis Lauer places on words and phrases like  controversial  educational secretary. He goes on to say DeVos was  booed , and she  upset  students, and  some  of the graduates students turned the backs on her, and  she  upset the students. Every word this liberal hack, who s posing as a benign host on the Today Show utters is planned in advance of his segments. Hosts like Lauer and Katie Couric are some of the most dangerous people in media today, as they have influenced millions of people who watch them without realizing they ve been pushing a radical agenda for decades, while they smile and pretend to be reporting unbiased news.WATCH: Education Secretary Betsy DeVos booed during commencement speech at Bethune-Cookman University https://t.co/Pzb8LaYIrv pic.twitter.com/7P55IaILGP  TODAY (@TODAYshow) May 11, 2017Bobbie Luke got a lot of support from the students on the campus of Bethune-Cookman on Twitter. He also got support from this  goofy white dude  who was  so happy to see the backlash BCU gave the rich white devil.  Wow  a white guy railing against a wealthy white woman how self-satisfying, how empowering! @bobbieluke I'm a goofy white dude from Colorado but that made me so happy to see the backlash BCU gave that rich white devil. My heroes!  Alex Miller (@MCChewRocka) May 11, 2017",0
18647,"CLASS ACT: Watch Betsy DeVos Respond While Students At Black College Yell, Heckle, Turn Backs On Her During Commencement Speech [VIDEO]","Betsy DeVos just proved to America why President Trump chose her among so many qualified candidates to reform our broken education system. Full-grown men would have crumbled under the kind of pressure and hate she was facing during her graceful commencement speech. Let s face it, most of us would have walked off the stage, but Betsy DeVos, firm in her resolution to deliver the speech she was invited to share, stood at the podium, and against all odds, addressed an angry group of students railing against  the injustice  at a college where 95% of the students receive some form of state or federal grant money.During the roughly 25-minute speech, DeVos took time to address the criticism that s come her way since she was unveiled as the university s graduation speaker, telling the crowd it was important to converse with and learn from people despite disagreements.The natural instinct is to join in the chorus of conflict, to make your voice louder, your point bigger and your position stronger,  DeVos said.  But we will not solve the significant and real problems our country faces if we cannot bring ourselves to embrace a mindset of grace. We must first listen, then speak   with humility   to genuinely hear the perspectives of those with whom we don t immediately or instinctively agree,  she continued.While DeVos spoke, the students continued to heckle and yell over DeVos as she persevered through her speech. The University president who was clearly embarrassed by the behavior of the graduates finally stepped up to the microphone to address the students in hopes of getting the disrespectful group under control telling them,  If this behavior continues, your degrees will be mailed to you. Choose which way you wanna go.  He then implored the students to be seated.The students chose to continue with their embarrassing behavior, at which time DeVos began to once again address the crowd:Many Bethune-Cookman University students, alumni and supporters made their disapproval of DeVos  appearance known well before she took the stage.On Tuesday, Bethune-Cookman University students and alumni delivered thousands of signatures to the school s president, Edison O. Jackson, and the university s Board of Trustees in a last-ditch effort to try and change their minds about inviting DeVos to speak.DeVos, a West Michigan native, initially drew ire from students and supporters from historically black colleges and universities, or HBCUs, throughout the country after she connected HBCUs to the school choice movement in February. MLiveDeVos recently met with presidents and chancellors of historically black colleges and universities, or HBCUs, at the White House. Following that meeting, she said in a statement that a key priority for the administration was to help develop opportunities for underserved communities, and praised HBCUs for fulfilling that mission all along. They started from the fact that there were too many students in America who did not have equal access to education,  she said in the statement.  They saw that the system wasn t working, that there was an absence of opportunity, so they took it upon themselves to provide the solution. DeVos continued:  HBCUs are real pioneers when it comes to school choice. They are living proof that when more options are provided to students, they are afforded greater access and greater quality. Critics were quick to point out on social media that HBCUs were initially founded in part because black students often did not have the option to enroll in existing public institutions in the South.Others noted public HBCUs were generally not offered the same amount of funding and resources predominantly white colleges and universities received.In an interview with The Chronicle of Higher Education about the controversy, Dillard University President Walter Kimbrough said similar comments she made in the listening session  didn t come across as ill-spirited,  but was a poor analogy. I think she was honestly trying to find a way to connect her experience with HBCUs,  he told The Chronicle of Higher Education.  MLive ",0
18648,MICHIGAN PUBLIC HIGH SCHOOL Hosts Segregated Muslim Sharia Prom,"THE ARTICLE BELOW makes the  Princess Prom  seem harmless it s not. Sharia is creeping into our American way of life every day. The town of Hamtramck, Michigan is a perfect example of Islam quietly taking over towns across America.  It s really a silent invasion and Americans are just rolling over and letting it happen.A recent article we reported on regarding Sharia in America: MINNEAPOLIS MUSLIM Tries To Enforce Sharia In Neighborhood:  People who don t know me would say I m a terrorist And another: TOUGH TEXAS MAYOR Who Fought Back Against Implementation Of Sharia Law In Her City Will Join Trump Team [VIDEO]And another: TEXAS MUSLIMS PRAYING IN METHODIST CHURCH CLAIM:  Sharia is just like the Constitution  [Video]See our point? This is creeping into our towns and has already taken over in Hamtramck:In case you haven t heard, this Michigan town just recently became the first town in America to have an all Muslim City Council. This town went from being a diverse blend of many cultures to being majority Muslim. Michigan is heading in the direction of being majority Muslim with the next Democrat candidate for governor being Muslim This is why what s happening at this high school is so disturbing We bend over backwards to accommodate Muslims for fear of being called  Islamophobic .  All the while, SHARIA is becoming more and more accepted. Islamic prayer rooms in public schools? Lessons on Islam in public school? Hijab Day so the girls can see what it s like to wear a hijab? Yes, these things and more have been happening in YOUR public schools across America.What may seem like a harmless girls-only prom, is the beginning of the end for some who are aware The Princess Prom is a special prom organized for Hamtramck s high school girls. Started in 2012, the Princess Prom began as a way for the students be able to attend prom, which many could not due to cultural and religious reasons. The special prom allows the students to to dress and dance freely among other women. on May 06, 2017 at 8:00 AM, updated May 08, 2017 at 10:48 AM A Detroit-area high school is holding an all-girls prom to create a comfortable and safe environment for girls who cannot attend the traditional co-ed prom for cultural reasons.That s right. Boys are not allowed.Five Muslim girls from Hamtramck High School started  Princess Prom  in 2012 to give girls the opportunity to dress up as they please and dance the night away.Last year, 230 girls showed up to the dance at the PNA Banquet Hall in Hamtramck. This year, the team expects about 250 in attendance.The event is intended to create a safe space for Muslim girls who normally cover up in hijab to let their hair down in an environment with no boys and no cellphones.Phones are banned to prevent problems with photos being posted to social media. We re on our phones 24-7 and if you don t have it for a few hours, it s so calming and everybody is having a fun time,  said Aisha Khanum, an 18-year-old student at Hamtramck High School who has been on Princess Prom planning committee for three years.The dance offers a separate zone for anyone who needs to use their phone.Like any other prom, the girls show up in extravagant gowns, shiny stilettos and flashy makeup and hair styles, and they are surrounded with food and lively music.This one adds an extra cultural element with henna tattoos, a popular form of body art in parts of the Middle Eastern, North African and South Asia. The girls work through the year to do fundraising,  said Caitlin Drinkard, a school counselor who helps organize the annual event.  They sold walking tacos, T-shirts, flowers on Valentine s Day. She said the process empowers the girls and allows them to celebrate sisterhood.Read more: mlive ",0
18649,COMEY RESPONDS TO FIRING…What He Said Will Make Liberal Heads Explode,"Since the moment word got out about the firing of FBI Director James Comey, Democrats and their allies in the leftist media have been falling all over themselves to spew their hatred towards Trump and his unfair firing of James Comey. Even though for months, Democrats and the leftist media have been outraged at Comey for the reopening of the FBI investigation into Hillary s e-mails just prior to the election, all is forgiven now. It s time for the media and the Democrats to come together, regroup and focus on the real target President Trump.But now, FBI Director James Comey has made a statement about the firing, and it s not exactly what the media was hoping for. Comey took the high road when he sent a letter on Wednesday to agents and friends regarding President Trump s firing of him the day before. I have long believed that a President can fire an FBI director for any reason, or for no reason at all,  he wrote, according to CNN.  I m not going to spend time on the decision or the way it was executed,  Comey added. I hope you won t either. It is done, and I will be fine, although I will miss you and the mission deeply.  -The HillWatch MSNBC s  Morning Joe  hacks Mika Brzezinski and fake conservative Joe Scarborough attempt to trash Trump s reasoning for firing Comey. Deputy White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders had the perfect response: If Hillary Clinton had won, she would have immediately fired James Comey :Watch Senator Chuck Schumer defend FBI Director James Comey after crying about his mishandling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation him for months:",0
18650,MEDIA IGNORES Time That Bill Clinton FIRED His FBI Director On Day Before Vince Foster Was Found Dead,"In its 109-year history, only one F.B.I. director had been fired   until Tuesday, when President Trump fired James B. Comey. In July 1993, President Bill Clinton fired William S. Sessions, who had been nominated to the post by President Ronald Reagan in 1987. Mr. Clinton said his attorney general, Janet Reno, reviewed Mr. Sessions s leadership and concluded  in no uncertain terms that he can no longer effectively lead the bureau. Mr. Sessions had been cited for ethical lapses, including taking free trips on F.B.I. aircraft and using government money to build a $10,000 fence at his home. Mr. Sessions was asked to resign, and was fired when he refused to do so.  Despite the president s severe tone, he seemed to regret having to force Mr. Sessions from his post,  The New York Times wrote about his dismissal:WASHINGTON, July 19  President Clinton today dismissed William S. Sessions, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, who had stubbornly rejected an Administration ultimatum to resign six months after a harsh internal ethics report on his conduct.Mr. Clinton said he would announce his nominee to replace Mr. Sessions on Tuesday. He was expected to pick Judge Louis J. Freeh of Federal District Court in Manhattan; officials said Judge Freeh had impressed Mr. Clinton favorably on Friday at their first meeting.Mr. Clinton, explaining his reasons for removing Mr. Sessions, effective immediately, said,  We cannot have a leadership vacuum at an agency as important to the United States as the F.B.I. It is time that this difficult chapter in the agency s history is brought to a close.  Defiant to the EndBut in a parting news conference at F.B.I. headquarters after Mr. Clinton s announcement, a defiant Mr. Sessions   his right arm in a sling as a result of a weekend fall   railed at what he called the unfairness of his removal, which comes nearly six years into his 10-year term. Because of the scurrilous attacks on me and my wife of 42 years, it has been decided by others that I can no longer be as forceful as I need to be in leading the F.B.I. and carrying out my responsibilities to the bureau and the nation,  he said.  It is because I believe in the principle of an independent F.B.I. that I have refused to voluntarily resign. Mr. Clinton said that after reviewing Mr. Sessions s performance, Attorney General Janet Reno had advised him that Mr. Sessions should go.  After a thorough review by the Attorney General of Mr. Sessions s leadership of the F.B.I., she has reported to me in no uncertain terms that he can no longer effectively lead the bureau. Similarly, Mr. Trump fired Mr. Comey on the recommendation of his attorney general, Jeff Sessions. (No relation to William S. Sessions.) There are no United States statutes that discuss the president s authority to remove the F.B.I. director.   NYT s Vince Foster: What the Media Won t Tell You Major media outlets reported Wednesday on the Supreme Court hearing of California lawyer Allan Favish s case that government photographs of Vincent Foster s death scene be released for public viewing. The media report that no fewer than five investigations have found that Foster committed suicide because he was depressed. But despite 10 years of denial by the major media, the Foster case has not  closed    as the Supreme Court hearing Wednesday demonstrated. The case won t close because of the failure of authorities to make full disclosure   and to conduct a full investigation into the case, including a complete autopsy.Vince Foster was not only deputy White House counsel but also the personal attorney to Bill and Hillary Clinton.On the night of Foster s death, top Clinton aides made a frantic effort to enter and remove documents from his West Wing office. In the days that followed, federal investigators were stymied in their investigation of Foster s office and strange death.Since Foster s July 1993 death, the facts of his death have been obfuscated by friends of Bill and Hillary in the major media, but here s the undeniable truth:There weren t  five  investigations into Foster s death, as the media report. The Park Police, best known for their meter and horse patrols around Washington, were put in charge of the initial death inquiry of the most important federal official to die suspiciously since President Kennedy. The Park Police, contradicting standard procedure, declared the death a suicide before launching their inquiry.Later, Robert Fiske, selected by Clinton s counsel Bernie Nussbaum and Janet Reno, quickly confirmed the Park Police probe as a suicide.But when Ken Starr entered the investigation, he reopened the case. His chief prosecutor in the case, Miquel Rodriguez, later quit the Starr investigation, claiming that Starr s staff was engaging in a cover-up of Foster s death.Rodriguez, a Harvard-educated federal prosecutor, argued that one of the Polaroid photos taken of Foster at the crime scene indicated an additional wound on Foster s neck   never noted on the autopsy report. Favish s suit before the Supreme Court is seeking to release this photo, among others.No fewer than three of the paramedics on the scene indicated in reports or testimony that the crime scene was consistent with a murder scene, not a suicide.A careful FBI microscopic investigation of Foster s shoes found not a trace of soil or grass stains on them, though he supposedly walked several hundred yards through wooded Fort Marcy Park to where his body was found. [Years later, Starr s investigation found plenty of soil and grass stains. Rodriguez charged that the shoes were tampered with to produce such  evidence. ]According to the FBI report on Vince Foster s death (below) blonde hairs were found on the body of Vince Foster, but were never investigated:Foster was found with little blood around his body   and despite claims that he fired the gun into his mouth, practically no blood was found on the front of his shirt.Foster was found with a 1913 revolver no one in his family could claim, with two serial numbers, made from the parts of three or more guns. None of Foster s fingerprints were found on the gun.For years, detail after detail emerged questioning the official ruling.Significant questions were raised about the unusual gun   a .38 Colt revolver made from the parts of three guns with two serial numbers   found conveniently in Vince s hand.The Park Police said one of the serial numbers indicated the gun was vintage 1913   and had no pedigree.Foster family members insisted neither Foster nor his father ever owned the old revolver.The NCIC keeps records of all law enforcment inquiries of serial numbers.On March 23, 2001, the FBI responded to requests made by a man names Craig Brinkley:Serial number 356555, one of the numbers on the gun, was never searched, not by the FBI, the Park Police or by that  investigation  by Ken Starr.Serial number 355055 was found on the frame of the gun. Brinkley believes that was the gun s real nnumber.That number was indeed searched by the Park Police, on the evening of Foster s death, more exactly at 22:45 EDT on July 20, 1993.Interestingly, searches were conducted on the same serial number no fewer than three times earlier that year, before Foster s death, on March 3, March 7 and April 29.Was someone checking to see that this gun had a  clean  predigree and was untraceable?The bullet from the gun that supposedly killed Foster was never found, despite intensive searches.Despite claims to the contrary, no one who knew Foster, including Hillary, Web Hubbell and his own wife, saw signs of depression.A so-called suicide note was found in an office briefcase that had been searched and found to be empty after Foster s death. The note was torn into 27 pieces. Yet an FBI examination found no trace of Foster s fingerprints on the note and a top Oxford handwriting expert found the note to be an  obvious  forgery.Despite the enormity of the case, Foster s autopsy lasted an astounding 45 minutes. The coroner in the case had previously been overruled in other cases he declared  suicides  that were later found to be murders.All of the X-rays taken during the autopsy are missing.Complete crime scene photos don t exist. The Park Police said all the photos were  accidentally  overexposed. A series of close-up Polaroids, which Favish is suing for, remain. This is just a brief summary of the dozens of inconsistencies in the case. Two New York homicide investigators who looked into the case concluded that Foster s body had been moved to the crime scene and that murder could not be ruled out.Despite overwhelming evidence of a cover-up, the media won t question the official ruling.Ken Starr, who could find no criminal wrongdoing on the part of the Clintons during his  intensive  probe, confirmed a ruling of suicide. Starr even hired O.J. Simpson s defense expert to prove his case.On August 23, 2016, The Daily Mail revealed that FBI agents  reported interviews documenting that Hillary Clinton s stinging humiliation of her friend and mentor Vince Foster in front of White House aides triggered the suicide of Vince Foster were missing from where they should be filed at the National Archives.On the first visit, archivist David Paynter provided the box of records that he said contained the FBI reports of interviews conducted by FBI agents on Foster s death. On a second visit, archivist James Mathis provided what he said were those same documents.While the box contained dozens of FBI reports concerning Foster s death   including interviews with the medical examiner, U.S. Park Police officers, and White House aides about the contents of Foster s office    the reports on Hillary Clinton s role in his death were absent.After filing a Freedom of Information request with the National Archives, Martha Murphy, the archives  public liaison, reported that she directed a senior archivist to conduct a more thorough review of the relevant FBI files, including those that had not been previously made public in response to FOIA requests. He examined all eight boxes but found no interviews by any investigator that detail either a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster or the effects of a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster on Vince Foster s state of mind,  Murphy reported in an email.After firing Republican FBI Director William S. Session, President Bill Clinton temporarily replaced him with Floyd I. Clarke and then on September 1, 1993 he Louis Freeh became the FBI Director. Right from the start, the Freeh FBI was drenched in controversy. The  screw-ups  were legion from the exposure of fraudulent FBI crime lab results to the wrongful blaming of an innocent man for the bombings at the Atlanta Olympics to the bloody standoff and shootout at Ruby Ridge.",0
18651,MEDIA IGNORES Time That Bill Clinton FIRED His FBI Director On Day Before Vince Foster Was Found Dead,"At the recommendation of both Attorney General Jeff Sessions and from Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein, President Trump fired FBI Director James Comey yesterday. In his letter to Comet, President Trump stated that he believed FBI Director James Comey was  not able to effectively lead the Bureau.  Deputy Attorney General Rod J.Rosenstein blamed Comey s handling of the Hillary Clinton email case. Attorney General Sessions agreed with Rosenstein saying  a fresh start is needed at the leadership of the FBI. In its 109-year history, only one F.B.I. director had been fired   until Tuesday, when President Trump fired James B. Comey. In July 1993, President Bill Clinton fired William S. Sessions, who had been nominated to the post by President Ronald Reagan in 1987. Mr. Clinton said his attorney general, Janet Reno, reviewed Mr. Sessions s leadership and concluded  in no uncertain terms that he can no longer effectively lead the bureau. Mr. Sessions had been cited for ethical lapses, including taking free trips on F.B.I. aircraft and using government money to build a $10,000 fence at his home. Mr. Sessions was asked to resign, and was fired when he refused to do so.  Despite the president s severe tone, he seemed to regret having to force Mr. Sessions from his post,  The New York Times wrote about his dismissal:WASHINGTON, July 19  President Clinton today dismissed William S. Sessions, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, who had stubbornly rejected an Administration ultimatum to resign six months after a harsh internal ethics report on his conduct.Mr. Clinton said he would announce his nominee to replace Mr. Sessions on Tuesday. He was expected to pick Judge Louis J. Freeh of Federal District Court in Manhattan; officials said Judge Freeh had impressed Mr. Clinton favorably on Friday at their first meeting.Mr. Clinton, explaining his reasons for removing Mr. Sessions, effective immediately, said,  We cannot have a leadership vacuum at an agency as important to the United States as the F.B.I. It is time that this difficult chapter in the agency s history is brought to a close.  Defiant to the EndBut in a parting news conference at F.B.I. headquarters after Mr. Clinton s announcement, a defiant Mr. Sessions   his right arm in a sling as a result of a weekend fall   railed at what he called the unfairness of his removal, which comes nearly six years into his 10-year term. Because of the scurrilous attacks on me and my wife of 42 years, it has been decided by others that I can no longer be as forceful as I need to be in leading the F.B.I. and carrying out my responsibilities to the bureau and the nation,  he said.  It is because I believe in the principle of an independent F.B.I. that I have refused to voluntarily resign. Mr. Clinton said that after reviewing Mr. Sessions s performance, Attorney General Janet Reno had advised him that Mr. Sessions should go.  After a thorough review by the Attorney General of Mr. Sessions s leadership of the F.B.I., she has reported to me in no uncertain terms that he can no longer effectively lead the bureau. Similarly, Mr. Trump fired Mr. Comey on the recommendation of his attorney general, Jeff Sessions. (No relation to William S. Sessions.) There are no United States statutes that discuss the president s authority to remove the F.B.I. director.   NYT sCoincidence?President Bill Clinton fired FBI Director William S. Sessions on July  19, 1993Vince Foster was found dead on July 20, 1993Was the suspicious death of Vince Foster and the firing of Republican FBI Director William S. Sessions firing a coincidence? Did President Clinton need an FBI Director who was willing to look the other way when it came to the alleged criminal activities of the Clintons?From NewsMax December 4, 2003 via Free Republic. Vince Foster: What the Media Won t Tell You Major media outlets reported Wednesday on the Supreme Court hearing of California lawyer Allan Favish s case that government photographs of Vincent Foster s death scene be released for public viewing. The media report that no fewer than five investigations have found that Foster committed suicide because he was depressed. But despite 10 years of denial by the major media, the Foster case has not  closed    as the Supreme Court hearing Wednesday demonstrated. The case won t close because of the failure of authorities to make full disclosure   and to conduct a full investigation into the case, including a complete autopsy.Vince Foster was not only deputy White House counsel but also the personal attorney to Bill and Hillary Clinton.On the night of Foster s death, top Clinton aides made a frantic effort to enter and remove documents from his West Wing office. In the days that followed, federal investigators were stymied in their investigation of Foster s office and strange death.Since Foster s July 1993 death, the facts of his death have been obfuscated by friends of Bill and Hillary in the major media, but here s the undeniable truth:There weren t  five  investigations into Foster s death, as the media report. The Park Police, best known for their meter and horse patrols around Washington, were put in charge of the initial death inquiry of the most important federal official to die suspiciously since President Kennedy. The Park Police, contradicting standard procedure, declared the death a suicide before launching their inquiry.The FBI never officially investigated the case but simply signed off on the Park Police  probe.  The bureau had little choice. The day before Foster s death, Bill Clinton hurriedly fired the director of the FBI, William Sessions. Sessions later charged that Clinton had  politicized  the bureau.Later, Robert Fiske, selected by Clinton s counsel Bernie Nussbaum and Janet Reno, quickly confirmed the Park Police probe as a suicide.But when Ken Starr entered the investigation, he reopened the case. His chief prosecutor in the case, Miquel Rodriguez, later quit the Starr investigation, claiming that Starr s staff was engaging in a cover-up of Foster s death.Rodriguez, a Harvard-educated federal prosecutor, argued that one of the Polaroid photos taken of Foster at the crime scene indicated an additional wound on Foster s neck   never noted on the autopsy report. Favish s suit before the Supreme Court is seeking to release this photo, among others.No fewer than three of the paramedics on the scene indicated in reports or testimony that the crime scene was consistent with a murder scene, not a suicide.A careful FBI microscopic investigation of Foster s shoes found not a trace of soil or grass stains on them, though he supposedly walked several hundred yards through wooded Fort Marcy Park to where his body was found. [Years later, Starr s investigation found plenty of soil and grass stains. Rodriguez charged that the shoes were tampered with to produce such  evidence. ]According to the FBI report on Vince Foster s death (below) blonde hairs were found on the body of Vince Foster, but were never investigated:Foster was found with little blood around his body   and despite claims that he fired the gun into his mouth, practically no blood was found on the front of his shirt.Foster was found with a 1913 revolver no one in his family could claim, with two serial numbers, made from the parts of three or more guns. None of Foster s fingerprints were found on the gun.For years, detail after detail emerged questioning the official ruling.Significant questions were raised about the unusual gun   a .38 Colt revolver made from the parts of three guns with two serial numbers   found conveniently in Vince s hand.The Park Police said one of the serial numbers indicated the gun was vintage 1913   and had no pedigree.Foster family members insisted neither Foster nor his father ever owned the old revolver.The NCIC keeps records of all law enforcment inquiries of serial numbers.On March 23, 2001, the FBI responded to requests made by a man names Craig Brinkley:Serial number 356555, one of the numbers on the gun, was never searched, not by the FBI, the Park Police or by that  investigation  by Ken Starr.Serial number 355055 was found on the frame of the gun. Brinkley believes that was the gun s real nnumber.That number was indeed searched by the Park Police, on the evening of Foster s death, more exactly at 22:45 EDT on July 20, 1993.Interestingly, searches were conducted on the same serial number no fewer than three times earlier that year, before Foster s death, on March 3, March 7 and April 29.Was someone checking to see that this gun had a  clean  predigree and was untraceable?The bullet from the gun that supposedly killed Foster was never found, despite intensive searches.Despite claims to the contrary, no one who knew Foster, including Hillary, Web Hubbell and his own wife, saw signs of depression.A so-called suicide note was found in an office briefcase that had been searched and found to be empty after Foster s death. The note was torn into 27 pieces. Yet an FBI examination found no trace of Foster s fingerprints on the note and a top Oxford handwriting expert found the note to be an  obvious  forgery.Despite the enormity of the case, Foster s autopsy lasted an astounding 45 minutes. The coroner in the case had previously been overruled in other cases he declared  suicides  that were later found to be murders.All of the X-rays taken during the autopsy are missing.Complete crime scene photos don t exist. The Park Police said all the photos were  accidentally  overexposed. A series of close-up Polaroids, which Favish is suing for, remain. This is just a brief summary of the dozens of inconsistencies in the case. Two New York homicide investigators who looked into the case concluded that Foster s body had been moved to the crime scene and that murder could not be ruled out.Despite overwhelming evidence of a cover-up, the media won t question the official ruling.Ken Starr, who could find no criminal wrongdoing on the part of the Clintons during his  intensive  probe, confirmed a ruling of suicide. Starr even hired O.J. Simpson s defense expert to prove his case.On August 23, 2016, The Daily Mail revealed that FBI agents  reported interviews documenting that Hillary Clinton s stinging humiliation of her friend and mentor Vince Foster in front of White House aides triggered the suicide of Vince Foster were missing from where they should be filed at the National Archives.On the first visit, archivist David Paynter provided the box of records that he said contained the FBI reports of interviews conducted by FBI agents on Foster s death. On a second visit, archivist James Mathis provided what he said were those same documents.While the box contained dozens of FBI reports concerning Foster s death   including interviews with the medical examiner, U.S. Park Police officers, and White House aides about the contents of Foster s office    the reports on Hillary Clinton s role in his death were absent.After filing a Freedom of Information request with the National Archives, Martha Murphy, the archives  public liaison, reported that she directed a senior archivist to conduct a more thorough review of the relevant FBI files, including those that had not been previously made public in response to FOIA requests. He examined all eight boxes but found no interviews by any investigator that detail either a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster or the effects of a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster on Vince Foster s state of mind,  Murphy reported in an email.After firing Republican FBI Director William S. Session, President Bill Clinton temporarily replaced him with Floyd I. Clarke and then on September 1, 1993 he Louis Freeh became the FBI Director. Louis Freeh coincidentally hired James Comey for his first job.Right from the start, the Freeh FBI was drenched in controversy. The  screw-ups  were legion from the exposure of fraudulent FBI crime lab results to the wrongful blaming of an innocent man for the bombings at the Atlanta Olympics to the bloody standoff and shootout at Ruby Ridge.But enough about the crimes of the Clinton s and the hypocrisy of the media who would have chosen to ignore the suspicious timing of President Clinton s firing of his FBI Director William S. Sessions. We should all just ignore the unmitigated mess James Comey made of Hillary s email scandal that put our national security at risk while he was serving as the director of the FBI, and instead, focus on a way to blame Comey s incompetence on President Trump.",0
18652,CONDOLEEZZA RICE BRILLIANTLY Shuts Down “The View” Dingbats Over Trump-Russia Collusion [VIDEO],"On more than one occasion, Condoleezza Rice was able correct the record by pointing out the hypocrisy of these ladies in such a way that they didn t even know it. It started with Trump-hater and ABC senior legal analyst Sunny Hostin asking about General Flynn s alleged discussions with Russia weeks before Trump s inauguration asking,  As someone who has had that position as national security advisor, would you have felt comfortable having those discussions, is that inappropriate?  Rice went on to explain how you will have conversations with foreigners, but the thing you shouldn t do is discuss policy. She then went on to say that,  There s only one president  and that as a matter of principle, you can talk to anybody in that period, but you should never suggest that you might be making changes in policy and maybe they should just wait until there s a change in administration. Was Rice referring to the time Obama was caught on a hot mic telling Russian President Dmitry Medvedev,  This is my last election, after the election, I ll have more flexibility ?While explaining how we should be handling Vladimir Putin s potential meddling in our elections, Rice reminded the panel that when Hillary was Secretary of State she questioned the legitimacy of Putin s election in 2012 and now he s saying,  I m going to question the legitimacy of your election . Rice s answer wasn t quite what The View hacks had hoped for, and like a dog on a bone, The View host Sunny Hostin continued,  But Madame Secretary, if he [Putin] indeed did engage in these kinds of tactics in the election, then the very legitimacy of our election is at issue isn t it? Rice snapped back,  No. Rice then went on to say,  I trust the people who voted in Wisconsin and Texas and Alabama and California to have voted on the basis of who they thought was best gonna represent their interests. So I m not gonna question the legitimacy of their vote because Vladimir Putin tried to interfere in the elections. That s just a step that I m don t think we should take. Let s trust our fellow citizens to have been smart enough to vote for the people they ought to be voting for.  ZING! WATCH:And for the final blow, fake conservative host Jedidiah Bilah  (who, let s face it, is really just collecting a paycheck because she s a token  conservative  who s too weak to stand up for anything) has the opportunity to defend conservatism in some way with one of the most brilliant female conservatives sitting on their panel and she used the opportunity to trash President Trump over his handling of N. Korea. ",0
18653,TAKE OUR POLL: Who Do You Think President Trump Should Pick To Replace James Comey?, ,0
18654,MEDIA IGNORES Time That Bill Clinton FIRED His FBI Director On Day Before Vince Foster Was Found Dead,"In its 109-year history, only one F.B.I. director had been fired   until Tuesday, when President Trump fired James B. Comey. In July 1993, President Bill Clinton fired William S. Sessions, who had been nominated to the post by President Ronald Reagan in 1987. Mr. Clinton said his attorney general, Janet Reno, reviewed Mr. Sessions s leadership and concluded  in no uncertain terms that he can no longer effectively lead the bureau. Mr. Sessions had been cited for ethical lapses, including taking free trips on F.B.I. aircraft and using government money to build a $10,000 fence at his home. Mr. Sessions was asked to resign, and was fired when he refused to do so.  Despite the president s severe tone, he seemed to regret having to force Mr. Sessions from his post,  The New York Times wrote about his dismissal:WASHINGTON, July 19  President Clinton today dismissed William S. Sessions, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, who had stubbornly rejected an Administration ultimatum to resign six months after a harsh internal ethics report on his conduct.Mr. Clinton said he would announce his nominee to replace Mr. Sessions on Tuesday. He was expected to pick Judge Louis J. Freeh of Federal District Court in Manhattan; officials said Judge Freeh had impressed Mr. Clinton favorably on Friday at their first meeting.Mr. Clinton, explaining his reasons for removing Mr. Sessions, effective immediately, said,  We cannot have a leadership vacuum at an agency as important to the United States as the F.B.I. It is time that this difficult chapter in the agency s history is brought to a close.  Defiant to the EndBut in a parting news conference at F.B.I. headquarters after Mr. Clinton s announcement, a defiant Mr. Sessions   his right arm in a sling as a result of a weekend fall   railed at what he called the unfairness of his removal, which comes nearly six years into his 10-year term. Because of the scurrilous attacks on me and my wife of 42 years, it has been decided by others that I can no longer be as forceful as I need to be in leading the F.B.I. and carrying out my responsibilities to the bureau and the nation,  he said.  It is because I believe in the principle of an independent F.B.I. that I have refused to voluntarily resign. Mr. Clinton said that after reviewing Mr. Sessions s performance, Attorney General Janet Reno had advised him that Mr. Sessions should go.  After a thorough review by the Attorney General of Mr. Sessions s leadership of the F.B.I., she has reported to me in no uncertain terms that he can no longer effectively lead the bureau. Similarly, Mr. Trump fired Mr. Comey on the recommendation of his attorney general, Jeff Sessions. (No relation to William S. Sessions.) There are no United States statutes that discuss the president s authority to remove the F.B.I. director.   NYT s Vince Foster: What the Media Won t Tell You Major media outlets reported Wednesday on the Supreme Court hearing of California lawyer Allan Favish s case that government photographs of Vincent Foster s death scene be released for public viewing. The media report that no fewer than five investigations have found that Foster committed suicide because he was depressed. But despite 10 years of denial by the major media, the Foster case has not  closed    as the Supreme Court hearing Wednesday demonstrated. The case won t close because of the failure of authorities to make full disclosure   and to conduct a full investigation into the case, including a complete autopsy.Vince Foster was not only deputy White House counsel but also the personal attorney to Bill and Hillary Clinton.On the night of Foster s death, top Clinton aides made a frantic effort to enter and remove documents from his West Wing office. In the days that followed, federal investigators were stymied in their investigation of Foster s office and strange death.Since Foster s July 1993 death, the facts of his death have been obfuscated by friends of Bill and Hillary in the major media, but here s the undeniable truth:There weren t  five  investigations into Foster s death, as the media report. The Park Police, best known for their meter and horse patrols around Washington, were put in charge of the initial death inquiry of the most important federal official to die suspiciously since President Kennedy. The Park Police, contradicting standard procedure, declared the death a suicide before launching their inquiry.Later, Robert Fiske, selected by Clinton s counsel Bernie Nussbaum and Janet Reno, quickly confirmed the Park Police probe as a suicide.But when Ken Starr entered the investigation, he reopened the case. His chief prosecutor in the case, Miquel Rodriguez, later quit the Starr investigation, claiming that Starr s staff was engaging in a cover-up of Foster s death.Rodriguez, a Harvard-educated federal prosecutor, argued that one of the Polaroid photos taken of Foster at the crime scene indicated an additional wound on Foster s neck   never noted on the autopsy report. Favish s suit before the Supreme Court is seeking to release this photo, among others.No fewer than three of the paramedics on the scene indicated in reports or testimony that the crime scene was consistent with a murder scene, not a suicide.A careful FBI microscopic investigation of Foster s shoes found not a trace of soil or grass stains on them, though he supposedly walked several hundred yards through wooded Fort Marcy Park to where his body was found. [Years later, Starr s investigation found plenty of soil and grass stains. Rodriguez charged that the shoes were tampered with to produce such  evidence. ]According to the FBI report on Vince Foster s death (below) blonde hairs were found on the body of Vince Foster, but were never investigated:Foster was found with little blood around his body   and despite claims that he fired the gun into his mouth, practically no blood was found on the front of his shirt.Foster was found with a 1913 revolver no one in his family could claim, with two serial numbers, made from the parts of three or more guns. None of Foster s fingerprints were found on the gun.For years, detail after detail emerged questioning the official ruling.Significant questions were raised about the unusual gun   a .38 Colt revolver made from the parts of three guns with two serial numbers   found conveniently in Vince s hand.The Park Police said one of the serial numbers indicated the gun was vintage 1913   and had no pedigree.Foster family members insisted neither Foster nor his father ever owned the old revolver.The NCIC keeps records of all law enforcment inquiries of serial numbers.On March 23, 2001, the FBI responded to requests made by a man names Craig Brinkley:Serial number 356555, one of the numbers on the gun, was never searched, not by the FBI, the Park Police or by that  investigation  by Ken Starr.Serial number 355055 was found on the frame of the gun. Brinkley believes that was the gun s real nnumber.That number was indeed searched by the Park Police, on the evening of Foster s death, more exactly at 22:45 EDT on July 20, 1993.Interestingly, searches were conducted on the same serial number no fewer than three times earlier that year, before Foster s death, on March 3, March 7 and April 29.Was someone checking to see that this gun had a  clean  predigree and was untraceable?The bullet from the gun that supposedly killed Foster was never found, despite intensive searches.Despite claims to the contrary, no one who knew Foster, including Hillary, Web Hubbell and his own wife, saw signs of depression.A so-called suicide note was found in an office briefcase that had been searched and found to be empty after Foster s death. The note was torn into 27 pieces. Yet an FBI examination found no trace of Foster s fingerprints on the note and a top Oxford handwriting expert found the note to be an  obvious  forgery.Despite the enormity of the case, Foster s autopsy lasted an astounding 45 minutes. The coroner in the case had previously been overruled in other cases he declared  suicides  that were later found to be murders.All of the X-rays taken during the autopsy are missing.Complete crime scene photos don t exist. The Park Police said all the photos were  accidentally  overexposed. A series of close-up Polaroids, which Favish is suing for, remain. This is just a brief summary of the dozens of inconsistencies in the case. Two New York homicide investigators who looked into the case concluded that Foster s body had been moved to the crime scene and that murder could not be ruled out.Despite overwhelming evidence of a cover-up, the media won t question the official ruling.Ken Starr, who could find no criminal wrongdoing on the part of the Clintons during his  intensive  probe, confirmed a ruling of suicide. Starr even hired O.J. Simpson s defense expert to prove his case.On August 23, 2016, The Daily Mail revealed that FBI agents  reported interviews documenting that Hillary Clinton s stinging humiliation of her friend and mentor Vince Foster in front of White House aides triggered the suicide of Vince Foster were missing from where they should be filed at the National Archives.On the first visit, archivist David Paynter provided the box of records that he said contained the FBI reports of interviews conducted by FBI agents on Foster s death. On a second visit, archivist James Mathis provided what he said were those same documents.While the box contained dozens of FBI reports concerning Foster s death   including interviews with the medical examiner, U.S. Park Police officers, and White House aides about the contents of Foster s office    the reports on Hillary Clinton s role in his death were absent.After filing a Freedom of Information request with the National Archives, Martha Murphy, the archives  public liaison, reported that she directed a senior archivist to conduct a more thorough review of the relevant FBI files, including those that had not been previously made public in response to FOIA requests. He examined all eight boxes but found no interviews by any investigator that detail either a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster or the effects of a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster on Vince Foster s state of mind,  Murphy reported in an email.After firing Republican FBI Director William S. Session, President Bill Clinton temporarily replaced him with Floyd I. Clarke and then on September 1, 1993 he Louis Freeh became the FBI Director. Right from the start, the Freeh FBI was drenched in controversy. The  screw-ups  were legion from the exposure of fraudulent FBI crime lab results to the wrongful blaming of an innocent man for the bombings at the Atlanta Olympics to the bloody standoff and shootout at Ruby Ridge.  ",0
18655,BUSTED! WASHINGTON POST Skips Maxine Waters’ Admission Of No Guilt Found In Trump/Russia Collusion [Podcast],"There are 20 Democrats who at certain times have called for Comey to be fired but all you hear this morning is that the firing was done by Trump to stop the Russia investigation. The hypocrisy is HUGE!These people are desperately trying to keep this ball moving down the field. The problem is that there is no  there  there in the Trump/Russia investigation.Even Maxine Waters said the Russia investigation has nothing on Trump:There is probably no one in Congress more openly opposed to President Donald Trump than Maxine Waters. We have already seen that she has called for Trump s impeachment. Therefore when even Waters states there is not yet any evidence at this time of Trump-Russia collusion, that is certainly significant. That is why it is astonishing that Washington Post opinion writer Jonathan Capehart left that significant admission made during his own podcast off his May 9 column about it.First let us listen to the segment of Capehart s podcast in which Waters made her surprising admission:How convenient for the left-leaning publication to leave out a direct statement by Maxine Waters. By the way, the title of the article is a rip roaring race baiting title:Maxine Waters: Jeff Sessions believes  it s his job to keep minorities in their place Who does this in 2017? Jeff Sessions is such a good man who DOES NOT deserve such a nasty comment from Congresswoman Waters. Shame on her and shame on Capehart for making this comment the title!JONATHAN CAPEHART: I ve got to ask you, because you leveled a whole lot of accusations out there about collusions and hacking and all of that. Have you seen anything, either through the intelligence briefings, anything to back up any of the accusations that you ve made?MAXINE WATERS: First of all, don t forget that all of our intelligence agencies say, yes, they have the documentation that they did the hacking on the DNC and on some of us.CAPEHART: But the collusion, though?WATERS: No, we have not. That s why investigations are so important, to drill down and to connect those dots and to get the facts. What we have is a lot of smoke that causes us to want to know more about what has happened. Why is it there are so many people around him are connected to oil? Why is it that Michael Flynn, who evidently has a great relationship with Putin, who has received payments for so-called speeches and who s spent a lot of time in Russia and was accused of talking about sanctions, he lied about it and he got caught?In his column writeup about his podcast interview with Maxine Waters, Capehart tossed that admission of no evidence of Trump-Russia collusion down the memory hole.",0
18656,FORMER FBI ASST DIRECTOR: “Jim Comey ‘Danced With The Devil’…I’m Glad He’s Gone” [VIDEO]," He threw the reputation of the FBI under the bus Former FBI agents don t seem as surprised as the rest of the world that James Comey was fired by President Trump today.In fact, some of them are quite satisfied.Fox News had several former FBI assistant directors on their broadcast Tuesday night to discuss former FBI Director James Comey s firing, and they all said his recent behavior made this move rather predictable.James Kallstrom, former FBI Assistant Director, said he is  glad it happened.   Daily CallerFOX News  Sean Hannity chimed in on the firing of FBI Director James Comey calling him a  national embarrassment :",0
18657,FORMER FBI ASST DIRECTOR: “Jim Comey ‘Danced With The Devil’…I’m Glad He’s Gone” [VIDEO]," He threw the reputation of the FBI under the bus Former FBI agents don t seem as surprised as the rest of the world that James Comey was fired by President Trump today.In fact, some of them are quite satisfied.Fox News had several former FBI assistant directors on their broadcast Tuesday night to discuss former FBI Director James Comey s firing, and they all said his recent behavior made this move rather predictable.James Kallstrom, former FBI Assistant Director, said he is  glad it happened.   Daily CallerWatch here:FOX News  Sean Hannity chimed in on the firing of FBI Director James Comey calling him a  national embarrassment :",0
18658,THE MOMENT FBI Director James Comey Lost All Credibility [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton was dogged throughout her campaign by her decision to set up a private email server in the basement of her suburban New York home to handle communications as secretary of state. Comey said in July that agents found 110 classified emails containing emails that were classified at the time they were sent or received. That included eight marked  top secret. Although Comey labeled Clinton s behavior  extremely careless,  he added that it did not warrant prosecution.We do assess that hostile actors gained access to the private commercial e-mail accounts of people with whom Secretary Clinton was in regular contact from her personal account. We also assess that Secretary Clinton s use of a personal e-mail domain was both known by a large number of people and readily apparent. She also used her personal e-mail extensively while outside the United States, including sending and receiving work-related e-mails in the territory of sophisticated adversaries. Given that combination of factors, we assess it is possible that hostile actors gained access to Secretary Clinton s personal e-mail account.  James Comey on Hillary s server  Lifezette And here is the hilarious version of Comey Vs. Clinton. Enjoy! All kidding aside Even if we assume Comey didn t botch the Clinton email investigation   which is quite an assumption to make, especially considering how outraged so many investigators in the FBI were in the weeks and months following Comey s announcement   why did the FBI director continue to comment on ongoing investigations? Why did he continue to feed red meat to wolves on both sides of the aisle in Congress?The FBI, regardless of Comey s intentions, has now become a blunt political tool that s being wielded by some of the most dishonest, power-hungry people in the country: politicians. That s not only foolish and reckless, it s dangerous to liberty and undermines the credibility of a group of people that must appear credible in the minds of the people for justice to be served and for liberty to endure.The American people deserve better from their FBI director, and if Comey proves to be incapable of exercising greater prudence, perhaps it s time for someone more careful and considerate to take the helm at one of the world s most powerful government agencies. -The Blaze",0
18659,LIST OF COMEY’S 10 BIGGEST SCREW UPS As FBI Director…Why His Firing Was Long Overdue,"Comey will inevitably be remembered for the controversial role he played in the 2016 presidential election, where his agency conducted surveillance of the Trump campaign as well as investigated the Clinton camp for mishandling classified materials, giving both sides arguments for how the FBI ultimately swayed the vote.But even before the 2016 campaign, the FBI endured a number of humiliations under Comey s tenure. Most damning were revelations that the FBI was generally aware of almost every terrorist who successfully struck America over the last eight years.1. Before he bombed the Boston Marathon, the FBI interviewed Tamerlan Tsarnaev but let him go. Russia sent the Obama Administration a second warning, but the FBI opted against investigating him again.2. Shortly after the NSA scandal exploded in 2013, the FBI was exposed conducting its own data mining on innocent Americans; the agency, Bloomberg reported, retains that material for decades (even if no wrongdoing is found).3. The FBI had possession of emails sent by Nidal Hasan saying he wanted to kill his fellow soldiers to protect the Taliban   but didn t intervene, leading many critics to argue the tragedy that resulted in the death of 31 Americans at Fort Hood could have been prevented.4. During the Obama Administration, the FBI claimed that two private jets were being used primarily for counterterrorism, when in fact they were mostly being used for Eric Holder and Robert Mueller s business and personal travel.5. When the FBI demanded Apple create a  backdoor  that would allow law enforcement agencies to unlock the cell phones of various suspects, the company refused, sparking a battle between the feds and America s biggest tech company. What makes this incident indicative of Comey s questionable management of the agency is that a) The FBI jumped the gun, as they were indeed ultimately able to crack the San Bernardino terrorist s phone, and b) Almost every other major national security figure sided with Apple (from former CIA Director General Petraeus to former CIA Director James Woolsey to former director of the NSA, General Michael Hayden), warning that such a  crack  would inevitably wind up in the wrong hands.6. In 2015, the FBI conducted a controversial raid on a Texas political meeting, finger printing, photographing, and seizing phones from attendees (some in the group believe in restoring Texas as an independent constitutional republic).7. During its investigation into Hillary Clinton s mishandling of classified material, the FBI made an unusual deal in which Clinton aides were both given immunity and allowed to destroy their laptops.8. The father of the radical Islamist who detonated a backpack bomb in New York City in 2016 alerted the FBI to his son s radicalization. The FBI, however, cleared Ahmad Khan Rahami after a brief interview.9. The FBI also investigated the terrorist who killed 49 people and wounded 53 more at the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Fla. Despite a more than 10-month investigation of Omar Mateen   during which Mateen admitting lying to agents   the FBI opted against pressing further and closed its case.10. CBS recently reported that when two terrorists sought to kill Americans attending the  Draw Muhammad  event in Garland, Texas, the FBI not only had an understanding an attack was coming, but actually had an undercover agent traveling with the Islamists, Elton Simpson and Nadir Soofi. The FBI has refused to comment on why the agent on the scene did not intervene during the attack.Via: Grabien",0
18660,TIFFANY & CO. TAKES BIG RISK…Sides AGAINST Trump On Very Controversial Issue,"Who knew? Tiffany & Co. just decided to show its hand when it comes to politics. We re not happy to tell you that the luxury retail jeweler just bought into the global warming scam hook, line and sinker The American jeweler is asking the president to keep the U.S. in the Paris Climate Agreement.The American jeweler took to social media to send a message to president Donald Trump. Dear President Trump,  read the Instagram and Twitter posts.  We re still in for bold climate action. Please keep the U.S. in the Paris Climate Agreement. The disaster of climate change is too real, and the threat to our planet and to our children is too great. The move comes on the same day that the president postponed his decision on whether or not to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Climate Agreement, reports CNN. The goal of the agreement is to create  a global action plan to put the world on track to avoid dangerous climate change by limiting global warming to well below 2 C,  according to European Commission s website.Trump intended on making an announcement before attending the Group of Seven nations summit in Sicily, Italy, on May 26-27, but now, he s going to make a decision after the G7, explained White House press secretary Sean Spicer.Trump has a long history with Tiffany & Co; he named his youngest daughter after the iconic jeweler and the brand s flagship store is connected to Trump Tower in New York. Following the election, sales at the flagship store tumbled 14 percent in November and December, compared with the same period last year. Tiffany & Co. even canceled its holiday window unveiling event due to post-election protests around the area.Read more: Hollywood ReporterWhat they re not telling you is this  agreement  is a HUGE redistribution of American tax dollars to other countries! So if we are to address the Climate crisis we need to challenge the structural causes of the crisis which lies on unequal distribution of wealth, of carbon, and of power. Whether it s political power, economic power, or even military power.  -Camille Risler For many years the public at large has been spoonfed the idea that Global Warming Climate Change, is caused by man s excessive release of carbon into the atmosphere. And that the solution to the Climate crisis was to decrease the production of said gas.Over the past several years the Global Warming fanatics have changed their tune. Many of us in the  new  media have been warning about their true motives for year.Now, instead of the climate crisis being caused by carbon emissions, it is being caused by inequality.On Monday, during a press conference at the United Nations Conference on Climate Change in Paris, Ms. Camille Risler, a representative of the Asia Pacific Forum on Women, Law and Development (APWLD) which is an organization listed as an official consultant to the United Nations Economic and Social Council, stated that the cause of Climate Change is the unequal distribution of wealth, carbon, and power: This is the press conference of the Women and constituency. It is one of the nine official constituencies of the UNFCCC, and we are composed of 15 women s rights and feminist organizations from all around the world. So I m going to begin with kind of an overview of our positions and then I will give the floor over to my colleagues that will go more into details of each section of negotiations.I m Camille Risler. I m from France but I m living in Thailand. I m working for a feminist network that is called Asia Pacific Forum on Women, Law and Development and I m working for the Climate Justice Program.So what we want to highlight here is that Climate Change is a clear symptom of an unequal and unjust world. Via: GP ",0
18661,WATCH MSNBC Anchor Make Outrageous Claim About Her Pre-existing Condition For Obamacare [Video],"STEPHANIE RUHLE of MSNBC was on with a panel of liberals when she blurted out: I too have a pre-existing condition. I m a woman,  Ruhle said to a panel that seemed to agree with her.The left has been broadening and redefining what a pre-existing condition is but this is ridiculous!Ruhle said that president Trump will have a hands-off approach to healthcare now because he  got his win,  but another panelist couldn t let that comment go as he claimed five times that this was not a  win  for the president. No, he didn t get a win. He got something he could claim is a win. It is so far from being a win; it is disgusting what he does by having a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden making it seem like he has a win   but he s doesn t have a win. His win is not a reality. The anger and hate runs deep with this group https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=44&v=tWSH3JMVUaU SHE S BEEN IN HOT WATER BEFORE:OOPS! She had to apologize for saying FOX held their Christmas party at the Trump hotel.",0
18662,DEAR MR. PRESIDENT…When We Said “Lock Her Up” We Weren’t Asking [VIDEO],"When he was running for president, Donald Trump made locking up Hillary Clinton for her criminal behavior a centerpiece of his campaign. Just the mere mention of her name would send supporters at his massive rallies into a wild chant, as they screamed,  LOCK HER UP!  Trump s supporters weren t chanting to be cute. Trump supporters were chanting because after decades of evading the law, Americans were quite serious about expecting candidate Donald Trump to follow through on his campaign promise to hold her accountable, and make her pay for her crimes, just like any other American would be expected to do. When we told @realDonaldTrump to  LOCK HER UP!  we weren t asking Mr. President, please deliver on your promise. pic.twitter.com/A6lWKhv3Yu  Newt-Trump Fan Club (@NewtTrump) May 9, 2017",0
18663,"TEACHER QUITS JOB After 5th, 6th Grade Muslim Students Threaten To Behead Her [VIDEO]","You re never to young to commit jihad Teachers at a primary school in Sydney, Australia have been threatened with beheading and other violence from young Islamic students, prompting one of them to quit her job.Students as young as those in Year 5, according to the Daily Telegraph, are making the violent threats and pressuring others to read the Koran at Punchbowl Public School in Sydney.Documents given to the newspaper allege that three staff members have taken a leave of absence owing to stress, received counselling and been awarded compensation after bullying from Islamic students.One female teacher reportedly quit her job after it got too much for her. She claims she quit after receiving death threats to her family from her year 5 and 6 students, with some saying they would behead her.The teacher also said she made numerous complaints back in 2014 about the extraordinary behavior in the class. For example, she said, she was abused by students after she stopped them from hanging a Syrian flag in the classroom.In another example, she claimed she was pushed into a corner by students who began marching around her chanting the Koran.The bullying wasn t restricted to teachers. The woman also reported an incident where children bullied other students by saying that someone had  betrayed his religion  by  not going to Muslim scripture . In another incident, she said a  group of boys had stood around a girl and called her horrible names like dog .  HeatstreetWATCH here:Meanwhile in Australia Teachers Quit Job After 5th & 6th grade Syrian MUSLIM Students Threaten to Behead them! #NationalTeachersDay pic.twitter.com/tIK9A4boJv  Amy Mek (@AmyMek) May 9, 2017Oakland County Undersheriff Michael McCabe said Brodie allegedly told an acquaintance Sept. 4 he was fearful Gorcyca would not rule in his favor in a custody battle with his his ex-wife, Kelsey Dyson.",0
18664,"BREAKING: WOMEN, MEN ARRESTED After MAJOR BRAWL BREAKS OUT At Florida Airport Over Spirit Airlines Cancelled Flights [VIDEO]","The moral decay of our nation continues full speed ahead. One has to wonder how many families with young children or frightened senior citizens had to endure this disgusting and embarrassing behavior by these young, disrespectful and out-of-control passengers over the cancellation of 9 flights?Call it  Flight Club. Fisticuffs involving irate passengers broke out at a Florida airport Monday night following the cancellation of multiple Spirit Airlines flights.Authorities said several people were taken into custody at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport after nine flights were canceled, leading to long lines and bubbling tempers, WSVN reported.Here is the FOX News video of the  major brawl :Videos posted online show a chaotic scene at the Spirit Airlines terminal as fights broke out. Broward Sheriff s Office deputies were seen attempting to restore order.Paul Smith, a passenger at the airport, told WSVN that tensions escalated quickly. All of a sudden, one particular flight got canceled, and a mob ensued up here at the front counter, in front of everyone else who had been waiting in line,  he said. At that point, the ticket agents couldn t handle what was going on, so they called in for the police,  added another passenger.Jose L. Rodriguez captured footage of the incident for Twitter, saying some of the passengers were upset because they were bound for a graduation ceremony, which they would miss due to the canceled flight.A representative for the Broward County Sheriff s Office confirmed to WPEC-TVthat at least three people had been arrested, and one other person detained.  FOX NewsHere is the LA Times version:",0
18665,‘Who Appointed You to the Supreme Court?’: Senator DESTROYS Yates For Defying Trump Travel Ban [Video],"Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates was grilled about her refusal to defend the president s travel executive order She made huge mistake by assuming what Trump said during the campaign could be admissible in court IT CAN T!In a hearing centered on Russian interference in the election, one senator took the opportunity to question the former attorney general who was fired for refusing to defend President Trump s travel ban.Senator John Kennedy (R-Louisiana) asked former acting Attorney General Sally Yates why she refused to defend Trump s initial executive order barring travel from several Mideast nations. I believed any argument [the Justice Department] would have to make in its defense would not be grounded in the truth,  Yates said. We would have to argue that it had nothing to do with religion,  she said.Kennedy asked whether there was no reasonable argument that could be made to defend the order any other way.Yates said she believed the intent of the order was to discriminate against Muslims trying to come to the United States.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGqsrx0LpTcHere s what former US Attorney Joe DiGenova said about Sally Yates:  This is a person of the extreme Left who should not have been anywhere near the decision-making process for this president. Yates was fired and should have been!",0
18666,ISLAMIC JUSTICE: Britain Is Stunned When They Discover How Many Secret Sharia Courts Are Operating In UK,"Like dominoes, the Hijra keeps marching across Europe, destroying the distinct cultures of one country after another. Sweden and the UK are in big trouble France is next and thanks to bleeding heart liberal Democrats in America, the U.S. isn t be far behind At least 85 Islamic sharia courts are operating in Britain, a study claimed yesterday.The astonishing figure is 17 times higher than previously accepted.The tribunals, working mainly from mosques, settle financial and family disputes according to religious principles. They lay down judgments which can be given full legal status if approved in national law courts.However, they operate behind doors that are closed to independent observers and their decisions are likely to be unfair to women and backed by intimidation, a report by independent think-tank Civitas said.Commentators on the influence of sharia law often count only the five courts in London, Manchester, Bradford, Birmingham and Nuneaton that are run by the Muslim Arbitration Tribunal, a body whose rulings are enforced through the state courts under the 1996 Arbitration Act.But the study by academic and Islamic specialist Denis MacEoin estimates there are at least 85 working tribunals.The spread of sharia law has become increasingly controversial since its role was backed last year by Archbishop of Canterbury Dr Rowan Williams and Lord Phillips, the Lord Chief Justice who stepped down last October.Dr Williams said a recognised role for sharia law seemed  unavoidable  and Lord Phillips said there was no reason why decisions made on sharia principles should not be recognised by the national courts.But the Civitas report said the principles on which sharia courts work are indicated by the fatwas   religious decrees   set out on websites run by British mosques.Mr MacEoin said:  Among the rulings we find some that advise illegal actions and others that transgress human rights standards as applied by British courts. Examples set out in his study include a ruling that no Muslim woman may marry a non-Muslim man unless he converts to Islam and that any children of a woman who does should be taken from her until she marries a Muslim.Further rulings, according to the report, approve polygamous marriage and enforce a woman s duty to have sex with her husband on his demand.The report added:  The fact that so many sharia rulings in Britain relate to cases concerning divorce and custody of children is of particular concern, as women are not equal in sharia law, and sharia contains no specific commitment to the best interests of the child that is fundamental to family law in the UK. Under sharia, a male child belongs to the father after the age of seven, regardless of circumstances. It said:  Sharia courts operating in Britain may be handing down rulings that are inappropriate to this country because they are linked to elements in Islamic law that are seriously out of step with trends in Western legislation. WATCH Muslims demand Shari Law in Britain:The Civitas study said the Islamic courts should no longer be recognised under British law.Its director Dr David Green said:  The reality is that for many Muslims, sharia courts are in practice part of an institutionalised atmosphere of intimidation, backed by the ultimate sanction of a death threat. Philip Davies, Tory MP for Shipley, said:  Everyone should be deeply concerned about the extent of these courts. They do entrench division in society, and do nothing to entrench integration or community cohesion. It leads to a segregated society. There should be one law, and that should be British law. We can t have a situation where people can choose which system of law they follow and which they do not. We can t have a situation where people choose the system of law which they feel gives them the best outcome. Everyone should equal under one law. For entire story: Daily Mail ",0
18667,Son Of Egyptian Immigrants Hopes To Become FIRST MUSLIM GOVERNOR In U.S…Will Push For “Sanctuary State”,"Dr. Abdul El-Sayed, a liberal Democrat would like to become the nation s first Muslim Governor in a state that s home to the city of Dearborn, with the highest Muslim population outside of the Middle East. The state of Michigan also made news last year when Hamtramck, a city that for decades was known for it s strong Polish immigrant community, elected its first all-Muslim City Council. It s probably not that far-fetched that the son of Egyptian immigrants living in a state where tens of thousands of Muslim refugees and immigrants come to live would want to see the state of MI become a  Sanctuary State . My faith is really important to me, as it is for many Americans and Michiganders,  El-Sayed said.  But I think we should be asking ourselves rather than how one prays, or what they pray to, we should ask ourselves what [one] prays for and what one hopes for. While El-Sayed said his Islamic values are at the center of his work as a civil servant, he wants people to know his number one priority is to serve the people of Michigan.But some residents in the state may not be ready to see a Muslim governor. In the last several years, Michigan has been a hotbed of Islamophobia. Dearborn, a predominantly Arab-American city in the Detroit metro area, has been a frequent target of anti-Muslim activists, conspiracy theories and fake news. But El-Sayed doesn t want Michigan residents to be distracted by anti-Muslim rhetoric and violence   and he wants people to know that the principles of Islam are what guide his service. I am running because of the values my Islam teaches me   which includes beliefs in equity, the fundamental rights of all people, a belief that we will judge ourselves as a people based on how we treat the most vulnerable,  El-Sayed said.  A belief in being good to others fundamentally, a belief in respect and dignity to one s neighbors and one s friends and one s family. -Business InsiderDemocratic gubernatorial candidate Abdul El-Sayed is starting to propose a progressive platform that includes making Michigan a  sanctuary state,  providing universal preschool and offering publicly funded health insurance to any resident needing coverage.The ex-director of Detroit s health department unveiled parts of his platform Monday.I love it when the rule of law works #sanctuarycities https://t.co/3X4kJBu4WZ  Abdul El-Sayed (@AbdulElSayed) April 26, 2017El-Sayed claims that a Sanctuary State will make Michiganders safer. As a Michigander, I can assure you that making our state a  Sanctuary State  will not only make it less safe, but it will cause many people to move away to states who have laws against law-breakers.(3/3) if elected #gov my job is protecting #Michiganders, that's what #SanctuaryState will do. Learn more: https://t.co/r56mhirYRB  Abdul El-Sayed (@AbdulElSayed) April 24, 2017The  sanctuary  term has no legal definition and varies in application, but it generally refers to local jurisdictions that do not cooperate with U.S. immigration officials.   US NewsEl-Sayed also made his feelings known on Twitter about a MI lawmaker, Rep. Michele Hoitenga, R-Manton,MI who wants to make Sharia Law illegal in that state of Michigan. El-Sayed attempts to make the comparison of the 10 commandments and the Holy Bible to Sharia Law. What El-Sayed seems to be willfully ignoring, is the fact that the United States is a Judeo-Christian nation.Nice try I oppose banning the #TenCommandments and #Bible   both came from the #MiddleEast. #religiousfreedom https://t.co/j7unpQSkiM  Abdul El-Sayed (@AbdulElSayed) April 20, 2017",0
18668,MARTHA STEWART Makes Lewd Gesture Towards Trump Portrait At Art Fair…Boycott!,"Martha, Martha, Martha You re 75-years old! Time to lay off of the nasty gestures We feel a Martha Stewart boycott coming on Flipping off our President is a low move on her part. Not cute and not funny!Martha Stewart appeared to be giving a portrait of President Donald Trump the middle finger in New York City Saturday night.The 75-year-old home entrepreneur and business mogul was spotted at the Frieze Art Fair at Randall s Island Park standing between a portrait of her pal rapper Snoop Dogg and Trump doing the shocking gesture, according to E! News.In the shot, Stewart was giving a V sign to the rapper while it looked like she was flipping the bird to Trump.Stewart shared a photo on Instagram Saturday with her 115,000 followers that just showed her giving a V sign to both portraits (See photo below). In the caption next to the snap she wrote,  A propos this week Taping twenty more episodes with @snoopdogg for @vh1 Watch the awards Sunday night !!! We are presenting! Photo @seenbysharkey I am at @frieze the giant art fair on Randall s Island NYC. Read more: The Smokeroom",0
18669,BLACK HARVARD STUDENTS Host Separate Segregated Graduation Ceremony,"According to the Journal of Blacks in Higher Education, this year marks Harvard s highest percentage of accepted black students to date. Almost 12 percent of the total applicants who were offered admission next fall are black. Based off Harvard s average student yield of 70 percent, the journal predicts that approximately 170 black students will join the class of 2018. It goes on to stress the fact that American colleges most known for their selectiveness tend to average only 5 to 10 percent black students. -HPBlack students at Harvard University will be hosting their own, separate black-only graduation ceremony.The Root reports more than 125 Harvard graduate students have registered to participate in the separate black graduation ceremony scheduled for May 23.According to The Root, the point of the event is to  acknowledge the struggles and resilience that black students have had to possess in order to thrive in higher education, an environment where minorities are typically underrepresented. Courtney Woods, who is graduating with a master s degree in education policy and management, claimed the event is a way to reclaim Harvard s alleged history  of slavery, epistemic racism and colonization. Woods told The Root,  Harvard s institutional foundation is in direct conflict with the needs of black students. There is a legacy of slavery, epistemic racism and colonization at Harvard, which was an institution founded to train rising imperialist leaders,  she said. This is a history that we are reclaiming. Woods added,  It speaks volumes that there has never been a black graduation ceremony until now.  For entire story: MRCtvHere s another example of self-imposed black segregation at Harvard University. By alienating themselves from the white students and suggesting they  kill themselves  there will never be a chance for black and white students to overcome racism at Harvard. In case you missed it, in March, 2015, we published a story about students at Harvard University who held a debate where black Harvard students argued that white people  should kill themselves  for having  white privilege . ",0
18670,NEW ORLEANS SUED! NEW DOCUMENTS Support Lawsuit Over Confederate Statue Removal…’Bout Time!," Every record has been destroyed or falsified, every book rewritten, every picture has been repainted, every statue and street building has been renamed, every date has been altered. And the process is continuing day by day and minute by minute. History has stopped. Nothing exists except an endless present in which the Party is always right.    George Orwell, 1984A divisive statue of Confederate military leader Pierre Gustave Toutant Beauregard won t go down without a legal fight.Longtime resident Richard Marksbury (pictured above) is suing New Orleans and seeking a temporary restraining order to prevent the city from  touching, removing or doing anything with the Beauregard monument,  he told reporters Monday.Marksbury is a founding member of the Monumental Task Committee   a group decrying the city s planned removal of Confederate statues. Those monuments have been the subject of heated protests, which flared up again Sunday.The city has already removed the first of the four monuments: one commemorating the Battle of Liberty Place. It was erected in 1891 to mark a deadly fight between members of the  Crescent City White League,  a group opposed to the city s biracial police force and state militia after the Civil War.Last month, amid security threats, contractors wearing masks and tactical vests worked in the dark of the night to remove that monument.Mayor Mitch Landrieu said the city will remove the other three monuments, honoring Beauregard, Robert E. Lee and Jefferson Davis. But the mayor s office said it will not announce when those statues will come down, citing safety concerns.Marksbury claims the Beauregard monument, which stands at the entrance of City Park, is on private land   not city land. We now have some documents that I believe will make a difference and show that City Park, as an incorporated association under the lieutenant governor s office, owns the land that the monument is on, and owns the monument,  Marksbury said in front of the 15-foot sculpture.Read more: CNN ",0
18671,LOL! ARROGANT OBAMA BEGS Congress To Save Embarrassing Legacy…Do NOT Repeal Obamacare [VIDEO],"Barack Obama implored members of Congress to have the  courage  not to repeal the Affordable Care Act Sunday night.The former president made his first public remarks about the proposed health care legislation just days after House Republicans voted to pass the measure 217 to 213. If it passes the Senate, it would repeal and replace major parts of Obamacare.During his speech, Obama also lauded the Democratic members of Congress who voted in favor of the Affordable Cart Act in 2010 and then lost their seats because of it. These men and women did the right thing, the hard thing, and theirs was a profile in courage, and because of that vote, 20 million people got health insurance that didn t have it before.   Daily Caller",0
18672,"LGBT Community Furious After Catholic School Rejects “Boys, Girls and Other Mythological Creatures” Play For Students As Young As 5 Yrs Old"," I fear these cancellations may be based on misinformation, grown out of fear, intolerance, transphobia, homophobia and misogyny,  wrote Jessica Carmichael, the artistic director of the Carousel Playhouse.The playhouse had been scheduled to perform a play called,  Boys, Girls and Other Mythological Creatures.  The show had already been booked in five elementary schools in the Niagara Catholic School District.The play features an 8-year-oid boy who dresses as a girl and questions his gender, The Globe and Mail reports. In the play, Simon(e) feels boxed in by the restrains of gender,  Carmichael wrote in a letter posted on the playhouse website.It turns out the Canadian government believes it s appropriate to discuss transgenderism with small children   without their parents being present. I m surprised the actors didn t try to give the kids condoms.Carmichael defended the production by referring to guidelines approved by the Ontario Ministry of Indoctrination pardon me   Ministry of Education.The curriculum states:  It is also critical to student success to create an atmosphere in which students of all body shapes and sizes, abilities, gender identities and sexual orientations, and ethnocultural, racial and religious backgrounds feel accepted, comfortable and free from harassment. The play was initially performed for one Catholic grade school   and it did not take them long to realize the content was definitely not age appropriate.The school district released a statement explaining that the play  was not originally presented as a play about gender identity. Kudos to Catholic educators for standing their ground and ordering the playhouse to pack up and get out of their schoolhouses.And while LGBT groups are accusing the Catholics of being homophobic and transphobic, others are applauding their resolve.For entire story: Todd Starnes, FOX News ",0
18673,BREAKING REPORT: ANTIFA THUGS PLACE BOUNTY On Head Of Black Patriot Defending Confederate Monuments [VIDEO],"The next time you hear someone talk about how it s a shame our country is so divided, make sure you tell them to thank a Democrat. We got a glimpse of the underbelly of the Democrat Party during the presidential election when the founder of Project Veritas James O Keefe went undercover to expose the Democrats plan to create chaos and violence and blame it on Trump supporters. The man in the video, Robert Creamer who bragged about his organizing skills had visited Obama s White House over 340 times. He is also the husband of a Democrat Congresswoman Jan Schakowsky of IL. Once the real riots got rolling in NYC and Chicago, and Antifa was gaining steam in Berkeley, CA, it was discovered that billionaire radical Democrat George Soros was actually paying to keep the riots going. So it really shouldn t come as any surprise that these basement dwellers have put a bounty on a black man s head simply for having a different political opinion than that of the one he was told he must follow Andrew Duncomb, aka  Black Rebel  has been an outspoken advocate of southern history, and specifically of the Confederate flag and Confederate monuments. We published an article about two great black patriots, the  Black Rebel  and Arlene Dunham, who have bravely stood in the face of hate and insults to defend for what their beliefs. But tonight, new information is coming out about a bounty that has been placed on the head of Duncomb, who according to friends in New Orleans, has gone into hiding.Here is  Black Rebel  telling viewers on his Facebook page about how they can t get any help or protection from police. Black Rebel says they won t be intimidated and will continue to fight for what they believe in:Here are fellow patriots in New Orleans explaining how Antifa has allegedly placed a bounty on  Black Rebel s  head and that he s gone into hiding. Another unidentified black Confederate monument supporter was threatened on Facebook by an alleged Antifa member Gene Black, who threatened the black Confederate statue supporter s family while he s in New Orleans on his wall 4 days ago:The image above appears to be of the man standing in the front with the red, white and blue t-shirt. The Black Rebel can be seen standing behind him as they are being threatened by the opposition. ",0
18674,"SENIOR WRITER FOR NEWSWEEK Hopes GOP Family Members “Lose Insurance,” Be “Tortured,” And “Die”…Suggests People Drop Off DEAD BODIES At FOX News"," When they go low we go high  -Former First Lady Michelle Obama explaining how Democrats take the high roadSince @dailycaller and @peterjhasson think tweets are worse than putting ppls lives at risk, please show them all the love they deserve  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) May 6, 2017He didn t stop there however, the unhinged Eichenwald kept ranting. He went on to suggest that people should start dropping dead bodies off at FOX News:With Fox News saying ppl with preexisting conditions exaggerate the impact of no insurance, we should have our dead bodies dropped there.  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) May 6, 2017His tweets keep getting more and more insane, like this one where he suggests Republican want to kill Americans for tax cuts:I've sometimes wondered if Republicans would even kill for tax cuts. Now we know.  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) May 5, 2017Or this one where Eichenwald says Evangelicals who have insurance are  Satan :Since Evangelicals are now saying ppl can do w/o insurance because it helps bring them to God, evangelicals w/ insurance clearly love Satan.  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) May 5, 2017Eichenwald doubles down on his visceral hate for anyone who holds an opposing view with this vile tweet, where he confirms to everyone who follows him or reads his tweets that liberalism is indeed, a mental disorder:Millions like me tonight dont know if GOP ""health"" bill will pass & kill them. I hope those who vote for it someday face same anguish we do.  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) May 6, 2017Eichenwald issued a statement in response to the Daily Caller article. It can be found here. ",0
18675,"#NewOrleans: BLACK PATRIOTS Ready To Fight Antifa For Confederate Monuments…Police, Feds Gear Up For Day Of Violence [VIDEO]","May 7th is likely going to be a day of clashes against protesters who are coming from all over the United States to demonstrate against the removal of Confederate monuments in New Orleans. Homeland Security and New Orleans Police Superintendent Michael Harrison have promised that they will be arresting anyone who commits or threatens to commit an act of violence. The three locations they ll be watching are: Lee Circle, Congo Square and the Jefferson Davis monument, as  credible threats  have been reportedTension in New Orleans has mounted since the Battle of Liberty Place obelisk was removed early on the morning of April 24, part of an initiative by Mayor Mitch Landrieu, backed by the City Council, to rid New Orleans of what some consider to be tributes to racism. Supporters consider the monuments part of history, and their removal an attempt to erase history.Protestors on both sides clashed at the Jefferson Davis statute this week, prompting police to barricade the monument. Barricades also appeared Friday afternoon at Lee Circle.Landrieu has said statues of Confederate generals Robert E. Lee and P.G.T. Beauregard and Confederacy President Jefferson Davis will come down sometime after the 2017 New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival wraps ends Sunday.RADICAL activists like Take  Em Down Nola, a group that has long advocated for the monuments  removal, plans to rally at Congo Square on Sunday at 1:30 p.m then march  to Lee Circle. At least one pro-monument contingent has called for a rally at 11 a.m. at Lee Circle.From the Take  Em Down Nola website:TAKE EM DOWN NOLA CALLS FOR PEOPLES CELEBRATION & SECOND LINE TO BURY WHITE SUPREMACYWhile white supremacists gather from many states around confederate monuments in OUR CITY, the mayor nor council has still not publicly called for its own ceremony to honor the historic occasion of 4 monuments to slavery coming down.  Even the conservative governor of S.C. had a public ceremony to remove the confederate flag. Cowering in darkness offers no safety or protection, it is shameful and being questioned by world wide media.We the people of New Orleans demand that the Mayor and City Council take immediate action to remove all monuments, school names and street signs dedicated to White Supremacists. These structures litter our city with visual reminders of the horrid legacy of slavery that terrorized so many of this city s ancestors. They misrepresent our community. We demand the freedom to live in a city where we are not forced to pay taxes for the maintenance of public symbols that demean us and psychologically terrorize us. We demand:1.That the city release a timeline for the immediate removal of the monuments;  2.That the city expand the definition from 4 specific monuments to encompass all monuments to White Supremacy 3.That the city develop a community driven process for the removal of the monuments and the choosing of their replacements.Not everyone agrees with  Take  Em Down Nola  that Confederate statues are a sign of racism. One of the most vocal defenders of the Confederate flag and of the Confederate statues in New Orleans is black female conservative activist Arlene Barnum. Barnum is pictured below with her friend, author and popular pro-Confederate flag speaker Anthony Hervey. Barnum was with when she says he was killed by 4-5 black youths after attending a pro-confederate flag rally in Mississippi.  According to Barnum, she and Hervey were guest speakers at the rally in Mississippi. As they were leaving the rally, the SUV driven by Hervey was chased down by a silver car with 4-5 young black men inside. During the chase, he lost control of his car, it flipped and he was killed. Apparently his life didn t matter to the black community, as they never uttered a word about his suspicious death:PUBLIC NOTICE.. LISTEN UP very carefully. If anyone of you who claim to be pro-Confederate, but who are anti-Confederate Battle flag, then REMOVE yourself from my friends list. And be quick about it.If you are against the displaying of the Confederate Battle Flag in public, then REMOVE yourself from my friends list. Do it now!If you are advocating that people NOT bring Confederate Battle Flag into New Orleans at the endangered Confederate monuments, then REMOVE yourself from my friends list. And be quick as lickity split!As far as I know, I don t have any BLM folks on my friends list. And when I catch em thru the cracks, I remove & block them with the most extreme prejudice. However, in the case of these self-professed pro Confederate folks who have issues with that battle flag emblem, I will give them the respect, dignity & the curtesy to REMOVE themselves. I m giving them 72 hrs.In photo, the man to the left, Anthony Hervey is a Mississippian who was not afraid to publicly display the Confederate battle flag. As a colored man, he has been vilified, attacked, physically assaulted, called all sorts of racial insults that not even the average white Confederate flaggers had endured. But yet he kept on flagging proudly until the day he was killed. So don t give me that sh*t excuse to justify hiding the Confederate Battle flag to avoid being called a racist. I guarantee you that EVERY colored Confederate flagger I know have been called much worse & treated with violence & are the 1st to be targeted at public venues.You better not be black and support free speech or a Confederate monument in America or expect to be threatened by the left. This is no joke. Facebook user Gene Black threatened a black Confederate statue supporter s family while he s in New Orleans on his wall 4 days ago:Much like ISIS, pro-Confederate monument removal groups like Take  Em Down Nola and communist groups like Antifa plan to come together to threaten free speech and freedom of expression.Black Rebel posted this image with the following message:  words cannot described the friendships built after fighting side by side.  on his Facebook page: Black Rebel also posted this video of an anti-free speech leftist launching a glass bottle, just missing the head of a fellow pro-confederate monument protester. Watch how the police take their time walking over to the area from where the bottle was thrown. You can hear the free speech protesters yelling,  Do something!  to the police officers as they appear to be in no hurry to do anything about it. Let s hope this is not an example of how police plan to respond to any potential acts of violence today, or things are likely to get very ugly very quickly: New Orleans Police Department held a press conference on Saturday where they made the public aware they are planning to keep the citizens of New Orleans safe and will keep the protesters safe from violence and from the threat of violence. Police Chief Harrison also makes it clear that they will take swift action for anyone who violates the law. Chief Harrison also makes clear that while they respect the rights of citizens to open carry weapons in New Orleans, that those weapons are not allowed at a public protest:Watch the response from American Warrior Revolution member to New Orleans Police Chief Harrison s press conference:",0
18676,NAIVE NEWS ANCHOR Reporting On “Refugees” Gets Shocking Reality Check During LIVE Broadcast [Video],"This is so disturbing but such a wake up call for people who don t realize what s going on all over Europe and what s coming our way. America is as naive as Europe We also have our share of bleeding heart liberals who are happy to bring in anyone and everyone.Watch what happens below and tell us you would want these people living with you: As soon as Nicola Porro connected with his correspondent around 11:30pm at the Station Terminal of Rome to document the situation of the campers who congregate there at night, Francesca Parisella had just enough time to begin the connection before announcing,  They have assaulted us . With the camera weaving, it was understood that the journalist and her cameraman were fleeing and the voice of the reporter changed in tone into an actual cry of fear. A few minutes later, Porro, from the studio, explained that,  Francesca is upset but well. They have destroyed the camera and beaten the cameraman. A situation such as this evening s should not be a report from a war zone. Thanks to a taxi driver, a much worse outcome was avoided.  The version was confirmed by Parisella herself, by telephone shortly thereafter.  We were at a distance to report on the type of welcome we can give; they were disturbed and they assaulted us. They chased me and grabbed me by the jacket,  explains the journalist.ITALY HAS BEEN INVADED NO KIDDING! PLEASE WATCH THE VIDEO BELOW!Is this going to be America where invaders refuse to leave? We already have illegals who keep coming back after being deported. These people are ruining Europe but will we be next?These people are heading to Northern Europe How many will end up in the US?ISLAMIZATION OF ITALY: THOUSANDS OF MUSLIMS Protest For Mosque Outside Iconic ColosseumSmall mosques were shut down in Italy to keep youth from becoming radicalized A huge protest ensued Thousands of Muslims gathered outside Rome s Colosseum to protest the closure of mosques and other places of worship in the Italian capital. The group gathered outside the iconic ancient Roman building to pray as they promoted their right of freedom to worship during the peaceful march yesterday. An imam led the group in chants of  Allah Akbar  which means  God is great,  as they kneeled to the ground facing the Colosseum. Via: Daily Mail ",0
18677,KELLYANNE CONWAY: “Where The Hell Were Those Democrats When Veterans Were Dying Waiting For Care?”,"Kellyanne Conway appeared on the Sean Hannity show with guest host Eric Bolling. She was clearly frustrated by the Democrats attempt to mischaracterize the repeal of Obamacare. The outspoken Kellyanne Conway blasted the Democrats, asking Eric Bolling,  Where the hell were the Democrats when veterans were dying?  She also reminded Bolling that President Trump signed the Veterans Choice Act last week, allowing veterans who can t get timely, quality health care at a VA facility, to access the private health care system.Watch: Where the hell were those #Democrats when #Veterans were dying waiting for care?  ~ @KellyannePolls #AHCA #Trumpcare #MAGA pic.twitter.com/H1B2xXWHjg  BRIAN FRASER (@bfraser747) May 6, 2017The American Health Care Act (HR 1628) passed by the House this week reduces taxes on the American people by over $1 trillion. For a list of taxes the bill abolishes that were imposed by Obama and the Democrat party in 2010 as part of Obamacare click HERE.",0
18678,VIDEO: HARLEM BAR Kicks Customers Out For Wearing Trump Hats: “We don’t play that sh*t here”,"A large group of very diverse young adults who call themselves  The Modern Patriots videotaped themselves being kicked out of the  Grill On The Hill  bar located at Amsterdam Ave. and W. 140th St in Harlem for wearing Trump hats. 100 Percent FED UP spoke with one of the young adults who was part of the group to find out why they were kicked out. According to the young lady we spoke with, The Modern Patriots group had just finished giving a speech at the City College across the street and decided to go out together to have a drink. They looked for the nearest bar, and happened to end up across the street at the  Grill On The Hill . There were 15 people in their group; 3 females and 12 males. Some of the males had MAGA (Make America Great Again) hats on. When they entered the bar, a young woman began screaming that she was offended by their MAGA hats. Other customers in the bar joined in and started jeering at them. It was then that they were told to leave.The groups who call themselves  The Modern Patriots  can be seen in the video below chanting,  USA, USA  as they were being kicked out of the bar. A large black man in a blue shirt followed them out of the bar and approached them. He warned them as they were leaving,  It s a very sensitive time. Be careful with that.  The young patriots appeared frustrated with the treatment they received from the bar, but responded in a very respectful manner. The man wearing the blue shirt in the video asked,  Do you know where you re at?  to which one of the students who was kicked out of the bar responded, Yeah, America! We talked to one of the young female Trump supporters who was with the group when they were kicked out. She explained how the customer in the bar who was triggered by their hats followed the bouncer outside the bar, engaging them in a shouting match. The bouncer was admonishing the young adults wearing MAGA hats, while attempting to move them off the public sidewalk, when the female customer who started the issue inside the bar stepped outside and began taunting the Trump supporters. The female patriot who was part of the group explained to us what happened once they we re forced outside:  I told him [the bouncer] we have our own opinion and he responded that the people in the bar had their opinion too. That woman was screaming at our friend and he gave her the middle finger when we were already outside of the bar but she started everything like she owns the place. She started all of this and when the bouncer came outside she did as well and added fuel to fire. But the bouncer was agreeing with them and told us to relax. We did not go there to cause problems we wear our maga hats all over NYC and we rarely have issues. We felt discriminated by this bar and even now they re trying to justify why they kicked us out on their page. Most of the people we were with attend the college nearby and live in the neighborhood but they are basically telling us we don t belong here. I m not for the identity politics no matter where we go we find supporters so they can keep their segregated bar and we will keep on protecting free speech. The man in the blue shirt continues to warn the young adults who dared to wear their Trump hats into the bar,  Be careful out there. It ain t no joke. It ain t no meme. Be careful out there.  He continue to threaten them,  We don t play that shit here.  He tells them to  take that shit where you live.  to which one of the Trump supports says,  I live here!  His response is priceless:  I don t give a f**k where you live. Is the man in the blue shirt suggesting this crowd of young adults who represent just about every racial group in America, had no business being in a bar whose customer base is primarily black? What about the college across the street? Do they only allow black students to drink at their bar?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wa1m2N3W5tE&feature=shareThe best line in the video comes near the end of the confrontation when the man in the blue shirt says,  This ain t a democracy. Be careful with yourselves.  At which point the young patriots begin to laugh and walk away to avoid confrontation as they chant, He will not divide us! Here is a sample of some of the responses Grill On The Hill received under their post on their Facebook page, where they tried to explain why they kicked the large group of young adults supporting our President out of their bar: The popular online restaurant review service Yelp shut down the comments section on the  Grill On The Hill  after they were overwhelmed by  reviews  after the story began to circulate on social media:We took screen shots of a few of the reviews that were mostly hidden from users of the YELP review service.The first reviewer starts out by mocking the man in the blue shirt saying:  Be careful with that.  They told people who are low on melanin to go back to downtown. Racists.The second reviewer claimed YELP would not allow her to give  Grill On The Hill  ZERO stars.  She went on to say,  Anyone who lets a person political opinion interfere with them tryout to enjoy a night out is bull. You say free speech but kick people out for wearing trump hats. Shame on you. That s talking out of both sides of your mouth. Stay away. Far away. We called Grill On The Hill to speak with the owners to get their side of the story. The owners were unavailable.",0
18679,LAS VEGAS: ILLEGAL ALIEN ARRESTED For Filming Himself Committing Unspeakable Act Against 4 Year Old Girl,"Did you know that in the state of Texas alone over the last few years, more than 2000 illegal aliens were deported after committing sex crimes?Did you know that in the state of Texas alone over the last few years, nearly a thousand illegal aliens have been convicted of sex crimes against children?Of course you didn t. The media has covered these horrors up for years, and even after Donald Trump dared reveal these horrors, the rape-deniers in the media continue to cover them up. The media is covering up all kinds of horrific statistic regarding illegal aliens. Before we get to those, let s start with why.To Democrats and their media allies, a few hundred raped children a year is seen as a small price to pay for the political benefits that come with an unsecure border. Mexicans vote 3-to-1 for Democrats.Of the 862 alien sex offenders deported by the Texas-based offices, about 27 percent were convicted of sex offenses against children. -BreitbartYesterday in Las Vegas, a Hispanic immigrant was been arrested for allegedly raping a toddler in Las Vegas. The man accused of raping a 4-year-old girl and videotaping the entire sexual assault on his cellphone has been placed on an immigrant detainer. It is not currently known if the accused child rapist is a legal or illegal immigrant.Julio Cesar Medrano, 23, also goes by the alias,  Julio Rodriguez.  The Las Vegas resident was arrested on child rape charges on April 21. The sexual assault happened on April 3, according to the time stamp on the 30-second cellphone video, police investigators.Julio Medrano was arrested after a woman found the video appearing to depict the immigrant raping the child. A tattoo on the hand of the man in the alleged child rape video aided Las Vegas law enforcement investigators in identifying the suspect, the Daily Mail reports.Julio Medrano has been charged with seven criminal counts in connection with the child sexual assault case. The charges levied against the Hispanic immigrant include sexual assault against a child younger than 14, child abuse or neglect, producing and possessing child pornography, possession of a dangerous weapon, and carrying a concealed knife without a permit, according to the Clark County Detention Center online records database.For entire story  Inquisitr",0
18680,"AFTER 5 YEARS Of Being Bullied By Barack Obama, President Trump Signs Religious Liberty Exec Order To Protect “Little Sisters Of The Poor”"," Freedom is not a gift from government. It is a gift from God.    President Donald J. Trump, May 4, 2017The Little Sisters correctly insist that sterilizations, abortifacient chemical birth control and artificial contraception are all immoral. They are not only against the teaching of the scripture and Christian tradition but, as Catholics, the Sisters also maintain that they violate the Natural Moral Law.The Obama administration has asked the Court to compel these Little Sisters of the Poor to do indirectly what they refuse to do directly. They asked the Court to force Catholic nuns to sin, to act against conscience, to pursue an immoral course of action. The nuns were placed in a situation reminiscent of other times in the history of the Church when unjust rulers sought to compel the Church to bend the knee to Caesar.Here are what the Little Sisters Of The Poor are all about. One look at these lovely women who have devoted their lives to God and to helping others in need, and you will see why President Trump made helping them live their faith without fear of persecution a priority:President Donald Trump signed a religious liberty executive order today that would protect Christian organizations like the Little Sisters of the Poor from being forced to pay for abortions.Today is the National Day of Prayer and the White House is celebrating the occasion with Christian leaders by scheduling the order signing today. The order is a promise to respect religious rights and could pave the way for the Trump administration dropping the lawsuit the Obama administration was fighting against the Little Sisters and dozens of Christian entities not wanting to pay for abortions or abortion-causing drugs.The order indicates the Trump administration will  provide regulatory relief for religious objectors to Obamacare s burdensome preventive services mandate, a position supported by the Supreme Court decision in Hobby Lobby. Family Research Council President Tony Perkins was at the White House for the signing ceremony of an executive order protecting religious liberty. He told LifeNews.com that the new order ensures the freedom of all Americans to believe and act in accordance with their beliefs. The executive order makes clear that the administration will pursue policies that  protect and vigorously promote religious liberty. The President s executive order is a clear reflection of his campaign promise to protect the religious freedoms of Americans. President Trump is taking a significant first step to defending religious liberty. In working with the Trump administration, it is clear that they both recognize and understand the dangers of the anti-faith policies of the previous administration and are therefore committed to undoing those policies and restoring true religious freedom,  he said.  The freedom to live out faith in all areas of society without government punishment or intimidation is what has made America great.   Life NewsWatch here: ",0
18681,ELLEN Just Proved She’s A HUGE Hypocrite And Knows NOTHING About Trump [Video],"Someone needs to educate Ellen DeGeneres on President Trump. She obviously knows nothing about him or his policies that DO include ALL Americans! He just not into identity politics like Obama was.She claims that his views on immigrants and women aren t aligned with hers. So isn t she doing what she proclaims to object to when she refuses to have Trump on simply because of his views?He is FOR immigrants but for LEGAL IMMIGRANTS. Does Ellen advocate for illegally coming to America? Traditionally, talk show hosts salivate at the mere thought of the president of the United States visiting their chatfests.Ellen DeGeneres? Not so much.President Donald Trump isn t welcome on  The Ellen DeGeneres Show,  the comedienne told Matt Lauer in an interview that aired on NBC s  Today  on Friday,  because I m not gonna change his mind. He s against everything that I stand for. DeGeneres said she had met Trump in the past; the two filmed a  Celebrity Apprentice -related segment for her show years ago. I flew in his helicopter and did a bit with him, so I knew him then,  she said.  I have not spoken to him since he s run for president or become president. DeGeneres, who recently celebrated the 20th anniversary of her coming out as a lesbian during an episode of her sitcom  Ellen,  implied that Trump s well-documented comments about women and immigrants, among other topics, do not jibe with her own views and do not seem to be malleable.Read more: NYP",0
18682,HILARIOUS! Random French People Say They’d Gladly House A Refugee Until Interviewer Surprises Them With Refugee To Take Home [VIDEO],"Watch this hilarious video from our British conservative friend Paul Joseph Watson (Twitter name:@PrisonPlanet) who does a brilliant job exposing the hypocrisy of the left: Pro-migrant French welcome more refugees! But when asked to house one, their enthusiasm suddenly disappears. https://t.co/GQMwUZZOAp pic.twitter.com/DHH4R6hyPK  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) May 5, 2017",0
18683,ANGRY DAD CONFRONTS SCHOOL BOARD After Finding Out Children Being Taught Islam In School [Video],"We can t say enough great things about this dad! He confronted his child s school board to speak against the school teaching Islam. We ned more dads like this one to speak up against the very active push to teach Islam in schools.This is disturbing for all parents. CAIR has taken it upon themselves to claim that they need to fight  Islamophobia . They see this as a problem but we see this as a shady way to have Islam taught in schools . We see what they re doing but the bleeding heart liberals in San Diego are just passively accepting this propaganda:Janet Levy of American Thinker: If allowed to stand, the SDUSD anti-bullying program   geared specifically to the CAIR-identified needs of Muslim students   could mark a dangerous departure from treasured constitutional principles and First Amendment protections. This case warrants serious attention, as it has grave implications for the direction of education and the supremacy of Islam in the nation. There s a huge problem on so many levels with this. The most obvious one is that a Christian would be hammered for even remotely trying to push Christianity on the kids. So why should we accept teaching Islam to our kids? The answer is WE SHOULDN T! Dad Christopher Wyrick,Finds Out School Is FORCING #Islam #ReligionBeliefs Down His Son s Throat!His #PATRIOTIC Reply Goes VIRAL!#BanSharia pic.twitter.com/8yKcFvOiRk  TRUMP ANOMALY  (@ANOMALY1) May 4, 2017WATCH FOR THIS IN YOUR SCHOOL!American Thinker reported: With a decade-long history of yielding to Islamic demands and recent, more alarming submissions, San Diego city schools appear to be ground zero for Islamic indoctrination within American public schools. The current capitulation includes an Islam-centric curriculum with input and resources from a Muslim Brotherhood-affiliated organization, which raises First Amendment issues as well as serious concerns of favoritism toward Muslims students over students of other faiths.This past week, SDUSD, in collaboration with the Council on American Islam Relations (CAIR), instituted an anti-bullying campaign aimed specifically at protecting Muslims students. In launching the initiative, SDUSD cited an unsubstantiated study by CAIR claiming that 55% of American Muslim students surveyed in California said they were bullied because of their religion. The new program will include adding lessons on Islam to the social studies curriculum that emphasize prominent Muslims in history, creating Muslim-only  safe spaces,  adding Muslim holidays to the school calendar, and providing support and resources for Muslim students during Ramadan.According to Stan Anjan, SDUSD s executive director of family and community engagement, the new program will focus on promoting a positive image of Islam. Special disciplinary measures will also be created for the so-called bullying of Muslims cited by CAIR. Instead of detention, the school plans a  restorative justice  program in which students dialogue with each other about perceived bullying words or actions. Educational materials on Islam and resource listings will be provided to parents and school personnel as well.CAIR,  a radical fundamentalist front group for Hamas,  according to terrorism expert Steve Emerson, was named as an unindicted co-conspirator in a Hamas terror-funding case brought by the Justice Department in 2007. CAIR operatives have repeatedly refused to denounce terrorist groups Hamas and Hezb allah, and several CAIR executives have been successfully prosecuted and incarcerated for terrorist activities. CAIR was designated as a terrorist group by the UAE in 2014.In 2015, Kevin Beiser and Michael McQuary, two members of the SDUSD Board of Education, issued a formal proclamation in support and recognition of CAIR San Diego, citing ten years of  constructive civic engagement  in San Diego and Imperial Counties. They praised the organization s work to  promote not only religious and cultural tolerance and understanding but also justice and equality for all who live in the United States. CAIR director Hanif Mohebi was specifically complimented for his commitment to  promoting equitable educational opportunity for all students and preparing them to succeed in a culturally diverse society.  The trustees recognized a community partnership with CAIR in mediating school situations involving  discrimination and other behavioral issue[s]  and announced CAIR s upcoming tenth anniversary banquet, centered on the theme  Strengthening Our Voices, Advancing Together. CAIR, billing itself as a benign Muslim civil rights organization, has long been at the forefront in pressuring schools and businesses to accommodate the special needs of Muslims. In 2009, CAIR complained of favoritism when Christian students in Roseville, a Detroit suburb, were given permission slips to attend off-site Bible study classes. Yet CAIR pushed in 2012 for Dearborn public schools to accommodate Muslim prayer on school grounds and early Friday dismissals for Jumu ah prayers. The organization has pressured schools to have a say on textbook selection and to feature its own lecturers for school assemblies. When a public school teacher in Concrete, Washington referenced the Taliban and Hamas while citing examples of the use of violence to bully people, CAIR cried  racism  and called for a federal investigation, saying the teacher had veered off topic to make anti-Muslim statements. The school district responded that the teacher s comments were taken out of context.Mohebi, the head of CAIR San Diego, has been pushing the  anti-Islamophobia  program. He recently tried to prevent the San Diego Police Department from attending a training session on Islamic terrorism featuring Ryan Mauro, national security analyst for the Clarion Project, a nonprofit dedicated to exposing the dangers of Islamic extremism. Mohebi said officers would be learning  conspiracy theories  from Mauro. Further, Mohebi importuned that no taxpayer dollars should pay for the training and that the SDPD should not confer continuing education credits for attendance. In a further attempt to control police training on Islam, Mohebi requested the ability to monitor police training to vouch for its accuracy and to provide clarifications throughout the session.CAIR s recent activity and its incursion into the San Diego schools  curriculum has been criticized by Charles LiMandri, president and chief counsel of the Freedom of Conscience Defense Fund (FCDF). LiMandri said the San Diego program represents a  wholesale realignment of school curricula and the students  learning environment to the recommendations of a religious organization whose stated mission is to  enhance the understanding of Islam  and  empower American Muslims. The FCDF maintains that the First Amendment prohibits a government agency from attempting to effect a secular goal by the propagation of religious concepts. LiMandri points out the litigious pitfalls of a curriculum which could easily be construed as a governmental endorsement of a religion. He also cautions that CAIR s interpretation of the term  bullying  could extend to the stifling of criticism of Islam, further impinging on First Amendment protections.Citizens for Quality Education San Diego, a non-partisan group of citizens concerned about public education, voiced their opposition to the new Islamic-friendly curriculum and characterized it as an attempt to implement at local schools  anti-American sharia law,  incompatible with the U.S. Constitution. The group criticized the blatant singling out of the Muslim religion for special accommodations and demanded that the policy be rescinded. Despite widespread community outcry, the district seems to be moving ahead.Disturbing!",0
18684,TWO SOMALI MUSLIM MEN Arrested For Daytime Gun Fight In Olive Garden Parking Lot In City Ranked “#2 Best Place To Live In America”,"Police on Tuesday arrested two people and were seeking a third after a shooting in Northwest Rochester, MN.In 2014, Rochester, MN was ranked No. 2 on Livability.com s second annual national list of the Top 100 Best Places to Live.Rochester, MN is now a gateway city for refugee resettlement and it is being systematically destroyed. Violent crime is at unprecedented levels. Daily reports of gunfights are not uncommon.Authorities received multiple emergency calls about 12:50 p.m., reporting shots fired in a parking lot at Minnwest Bank, 331 16th Ave. NW. According to Sgt. Frank Ohm of the Rochester Police Department, the incident involved  three to four black males fighting,  and shots were fired.One or two individuals ran south, and one or two individuals ran north away from the parking lot, Ohm added. Two suspects were arrested down the street and were taken into custody for further questioning.UPDATE: Attempted murder charges have been filed against the two Rochester men arrested as suspects in Tuesday s shooting near the Olive Garden restaurant.Arraigned Thursday were 21-year-old Abdi Abukar and 22-year-old Idris Haji-Mohamed. Conditional bail for the two suspects was set at $500,000.Multiple witnesses have identified Abukar as the one who was firing shots at a third man as he ran through the parking lot of the restaurant just before 1 p.m. The gun suspected of being used in the shooting was found near where the two men were apprehended. Police suspect a second gun was involved. And, at least one witness told police it appeared two men were shooting at each other. The man who was being fired at is still being sought.Police aren t sure what the motive was for the shooting because the two suspects have not given a statement. It s suspected it may be related to two recent shootings in the city. Pamela Gellar",0
18685,FBI DIRECTOR CONFIRMS Hillary’s Worst Nightmare Was Found On This Creep’s Laptop [VIDEO],"Be careful what you ask for Watch:  FBI Director James Comey testified Wednesday before the Senate Judiciary Committee that Hillary Clinton emails containing classified information were forwarded to the computer of Anthony Weiner, the former congressman, by his wife, Clinton aide Huma Abedin.Comey also strongly defended himself on Capitol Hill for his Oct. 28 letter notifying Congress of newly discovered emails appearing pertinent to Clinton s private server investigation, arguing it would have been  catastrophic  to conceal such a revelation.He explained that his investigative team informed him in late October of metadata from Weiner s computer showing thousands of Clinton s emails on that device, including what they thought might be the  missing emails  from her first three months at the State Department.Weiner resigned from Congress in 2011 over a sexting scandal and saw a 2013 mayoral run in New York City go up in flames for similar reasons. The investigation that led to Comey s letter concerned his sexting with an underage girl.  WFB",0
18686,NOT KIDDING! High School Assignment: “Prudence is thirty-four. She has had sex with 21 men and 3 women”," Prudence is thirty-four. She has had sex with twenty-one men and three women,  according an assignment for high schoolers in Scotland County, Missouri. After being celibate for three years, she meets Larry and a romance begins to develop. Larry is thirty-seven. One night he proposes that, things going the way he thinks they re going between them, they talk about their sexual histories. A concerned mother recently contacted Fox News columnist Todd Starnes about the assignment after her child received it in an English class at Scotland County R-1 Junior-Senior High School. Larry confesses to having slept with three women, one of whom he married. She tells him that she has slept with three men. Larry is uncomfortable with this number, especially since Prudence is younger than he is,  the assignment continued.  She amends it, saying that one was just heavy petting. Given Prudence s reflexive need for approval and Larry s clear ideas of how things should be, what percentage of the time will Prudence be inhibited in bed with Larry, and consequently fake orgasm to ease his pride? Here is a photo of the assignment: This is something I imagine you would see on a coffee table in every brothel,  the irate mother told Starnes.The unidentified woman said she contacted the school s principal, who provided a lame excuse for the assignment. He told me that the teacher was originally a college teacher and he sometimes has trouble differentiating between what is appropriate for a 15- or 16-year-old and a 19 or 20-year-old,  she said.For entire story: EAG News",0
18687,"PRO-HILLARY New York Daily News Writer DESTROYS Hillary, Tells Her To, “Shut The F**k Up And Go Away”","Gersh Kuntzman is a writer for the New York Daily News, he was also a Hillary Clinton supporter, with emphasis on  was Gersh Kuntzman of the New York Daily News wrote: Hey, Hillary Clinton, shut the f  up and go away already.I voted for Clinton on Nov. 8 and thought she d be a good president.But she lost. And she still wants us to feel bad about that. And, worse, she s still blaming everyone else.On Tuesday at the Women for Women conference, she reminded us again what a flawed candidate she was last year   and what a flawed person she has always been.In her talk before a friendly audience, Clinton said she s writing a memoir   and said it s  painful  to revisit how Donald Trump beat her like a ragdoll in an election that was a lock.Painful? We re the ones in pain, Hillary. You re making millions to process it. We re the ones living it.Sorry, Simon & Schuster may want Hillary Clinton to write the history, but I m not about to let her re-write it. No one deserves more blame for the election debacle than Hillary Rodham Clinton.Gersh Kuntzman goes on to us count the ways:1. She was, indeed, untrustworthy: Remember her fainting spell at the 9/11 ceremony? Remember how long it took for her to tell the truth? Remember how that reminded every voter in America that Hillary Clinton s first instinct is to lie? Just like she did when she claimed she had taken sniper fire during a First Lady trip to Bosnia. Just as she did when she said she never sent classified documents over her private email server.Huntzman went on to call Hillary out on her email server, her Goldman Sachs speeches and her pathetic campaignGo to New York Daily News for entire story",0
18688,FOUL-MOUTHED MODEL Chrissy Teigen Blames President Trump For Mental And Physical Breakdown…Makes Hilarious Demands Of Him [VIDEO],"The 31-year old model, new mother and wife of Trump- hater, singer John Legend has been trashing President Trump on Twitter for quite some time. She reached a new low yesterday when she blamed him for her mental state and suggested he should be held financially responsible for her looks falling apart so fucking tired of this manically insane, incompetent president and this dumpster fire administration I'm gonna have to go on another med  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) May 4, 2017that is not a joke. I think I need to either up my dosage or talk to my doctor to ""see what works for me"" when the world explodes.  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) May 4, 2017Teigen blames Trump for having a tooth shaved down due to grinding of her teeth. Today I had a tooth shaved down because crippling anxiety makes me grind and rock my teeth on one side. I blame trump.  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) May 4, 2017Who knew Hollywood Trump haters would suddenly need Botox injected into their faces because of Trump. The best part is that Teigen not only blames Trump for Botox injections, but would also like him to pay for them.I also had Botox in my jaw muscle to relieve tension from constantly clinching. I was not like this before. Pay my bill, POS POTUS  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) May 4, 2017Watch Chrissy Teigen and her husband singer John Legend trash Donald Trump and brag about how long she s hated him:",0
18689,STEPHEN COLBERT’S RESPONSE To His Vulgar Remarks About Trump Made Americans Want Him Fired Even More…#FireColbert [VIDEO],"Johnny Carson must be rolling over in his grave to see what s happened to late night comedy where he dedicated 30 years of his life to actually making people of all political persuasions laugh. If Johnny Carson had a particular political leaning, his viewers wouldn t have known what it was. When it came to criticizing President s of the United States, he was always funny but never hateful and certainly never vile. A lot has changed since then. It wasn t so long ago that  comedians  like Stephen Colbert only dreamed of sitting in one of the coveted late night comedy spots like the one Johnny Carson created. David Letterman s hate for conservatives and Republicans didn t really surfaced until he was nearing the end of his career, and although many wish he would keep his hateful opinions about our President to himself, he is a private citizen now and is not accountable to anyone for his petty remarks. The big question is, will anyone at CBS hold his predecessor Stephen Colbert responsible for his vile remarks about Trump having oral sex with Vladimir Putin? Will Colbert s advertisers pull their advertising dollars from his show like they did to FOX News  Bill O Reilly, after unproven allegations of sexual assault were made against him?As sad as it was to the world of comedy when Johnny Carson passed away, it s a good thing he isn t able to see how that the hateful and spiteful liberal Stephen Colbert has disgraced and replaced what once was considered late-night comedy.Last night, Stephen Colbert responded to #FireColbert backlash over a crude oral-sex joke he made about President Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin on Monday, May 1. Trump supporters and others thought the comment was inappropriate and called for the comedian to be dropped from the CBS show.The TV host, 52, opened his Wednesday, May 3, episode by addressing the controversy.  Welcome to The Late Show,  he said.  I m your host, Stephen Colbert. Still? I am still the host? I m still the host! Colbert went on to explain that his scathing monologue was spurred by Trump abruptly ending an Oval Office interview with fellow CBS correspondent John Dickerson.  Now, if you saw my monologue Monday, you know that I was a little upset at Donald Trump for insulting a friend of mine,  he said.  So at the end of that monologue, I had a few choice insults for the president in return. I don t regret that. He, I believe, can take care of himself. I have jokes; he has the launch codes. So, it s a fair fight.   US MagazineWatch liberal bully Stephen Colbert and his childish  I don t regret  what I said response to his viewers:For anyone who cares to watch Colbert s vulgar remarks, they can be seen in the video below at around the 11:13 mark:",0
18690,BOMBSHELL COMEY ADMISSION: FBI Found Email Indicating Obama’s AG Loretta Lynch Would Do EVERYTHING She Could To Protect Hillary From Criminal Charges [VIDEO],"After the release of tell-all book  Shattered  that excoriated and exposed Hillary Clinton and her failed campaign, she emerged from hiding in an attempt to set the record straight (History according to Hillary). Hillary explained to the audience that had it not been for FBI Director James Comey re-opening the investigation into her email scandal, that she would have been the President today. Watch:But FBI Director James Comey finally came clean today about what he found in the emails that were hacked by the Russians and there appears to be more to the story than we were told during the election and it involves Barack Obama s second corrupt AG, Loretta Lynch From the Right Scoop   Fox News reporter Catherine Herridge says this is one of the biggest headlines out of the hearing today with the FBI director, pointing out that the FBI had found an email was obtained by Russian hackers that indicated that former DOJ hack Loretta Lynch would do everything she could to protect Hillary from prosecution:Of course Comey wouldn t reveal who sent the email and to whom it was sent. But it sounds like it was sent from someone who worked closely with Lynch, and sent to someone who was very worried about Clinton going down in flames, probably someone very close to Clinton.At the end of the segment, Herridge pointed out that Comey suggested he was boxed in by Lynch and here is what she s talking about: ",0
18691,BREAKING NEWS: GOP Controlled House Votes To REPEAL Obamacare,"After years of debate, the House on Thursday voted to repeal key parts of the Affordable Care Act and replace them with new provisions.The vote, which President Donald Trump was planning to tout as a big victory, sends the Republican-sponsored bill to gut Obamacare to the Senate for consideration.But winning approval for the bill could be even more difficult in the Senate than it has been in the House, where Republican leaders struggled for nearly two months to wrangle enough votes in their caucus to secure its passage.The bill passed by a vote of 217 to 213. All 193 Democrats voting opposed the bill; they were joined by 20 Republicans voting  no. A lot of us have waited seven years to case this vote,  House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., said shortly before the voting began.  Many of us are here because we pledged to cast this vote: to repeal and replace Obamacare. This bill delivers the promises we have made to the American people,  Ryan said.House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La., told MSNBC shortly before the vote began,  We were elected to do this. After the vote, protesters outside the Capitol building yelled,  Shame, shame!  at members of Congress walking down the front steps.  CNBCWashington Free Beacon   One of the amendments, introduced by Rep. Tom MacArthur (R., N.J.), co-chair of the Tuesday Group, allows states to obtain a waiver from federal standards such as essential health benefits and community rating rules. This measure gained the support of House Freedom Caucus members, who said it will significantly lower health costs, even if it does not fully repeal Obamacare. The MacArthur amendment will grant states the ability to repeal cost driving aspects of Obamacare left in place under the original AHCA,  said the House Freedom Caucus.  While the revised version still does not fully repeal Obamacare, we are prepared to support it to keep our promise to the American people to lower health care costs. Another amendment, introduced by Rep. Fred Upton (R., Mich.) adds $8 billion to the Patient and State Stability Fund, which helps reduce premiums and out-of-pocket costs. This amendment would provide additional funding, $8 billion over five years, to ensure a strong safety net and reduce premiums, or other out-of-pocket costs, for those with preexisting conditions,  said Upton.Following the amendment, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said that the White House supported the measure and that President Trump has been working to ensure that Americans have more affordable care. Overall the efforts that were made, and especially the effort this morning with congressmen Long and Upton, help bring more people into this effort and make it even a stronger bill, and ensure that Americans have a health care system that gets them the care that they need at a price that s affordable,  Spicer said. The president has been on the phone constantly,  Spicer said.  I think we have made this an unbelievable bill and an unbelievable replacement for Obamacare, which is failing, and that s what we ve sought to do from the beginning. ",0
18692,"WATCH What Happens When Random People Are Asked To Sign Petition Allowing ALL ILLEGAL ALIEN Murderers, Rapists To Be Freed From Prison [VIDEO]","Hilarious conservative media analyst and Youtube sensation Mark Dice took to the streets of Los Angeles in 2013 while President Obama was still occupying our White House. He asked random people walking down the street if they would sign a petition to  support violent criminals to be released from our prisons and onto our streets. It s interesting to see how many people accept that illegal aliens in our prisons are not being treated unfairly without any evidence. This false narrative was successfully promoted by Barack Obama, our media and the Democrats, who decided that illegal aliens should be not just be given equal treatment to American citizens, but instead, they should be given special treatment above and beyond those afforded to American citizens.Watch the video and check out the new statistics below that were just released by Zogby, showing that Hispanics in America now support President Trump more than any other demographic. Apparently supporting illegal aliens who commit crimes in America is no longer cool under a Trump administration:Most of the people who are seen signing this petition, are Hispanic. But that s when we had a president who shamed Americans into believing that giving special privileges to illegal aliens was expected. Today however, is a different story In its latest survey, Zogby Analytics said that Hispanic support has hit 45 percent, two points higher than the president s generic approval.That is 55 percent higher than the total Latino vote for Trump in the election. He won just 29 percent. The biggest surprise in this new poll is Trump s approval among Hispanic voters, which is at 45 percent approval/51 percent disapproval. In February the numbers were less among Hispanics at 39 percent approval/53 percent disapproval,  said Zogby.Via: Washington Examiner ",0
18693,"RADICAL “TOLERANT” FEMALE Antifa, Black Bloc, Leader Follows Muslim Boyfriend To Turkey… Surprised When She Was Beaten, Raped","DC Antifa Leader Moved to Turkey with Man She Met, Surprised When Beaten and Abused https://t.co/MsBtGGxwem pic.twitter.com/XjC3UbmvRn  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) May 2, 2017McCauley claims this is not the person who she traveled to Turkey to be with in her response to Prosibiec:How nice of you to link to my blog, Jack. I wrote about this publicly. Nice ""investigative"" skills. You got a photo of the wrong guy though. https://t.co/shOj6FfEyl  Lacy MacAuley (@lacymacauley) May 2, 2017So all day, #fascists were a lot of bluff and bluster. Brought guns they never shot. Just chanted, gave #Nazi salutes, taunted. #Pikeville pic.twitter.com/FlVAOkudlW  Lacy MacAuley (@lacymacauley) April 29, 2017How nice of you to link to my blog, Jack. I wrote about this publicly. Nice ""investigative"" skills. You got a photo of the wrong guy though. https://t.co/shOj6FfEyl  Lacy MacAuley (@lacymacauley) May 2, 2017Lacy Mccauley can be seen acting as the  tolerant  host at this organized LGBTQ dance party in front of Vice President Mike Pence s home. At about the 1:40 mark, Lacy interviews Natalie, one of the  peaceful  protesters who warns Mike Pence,  Bro .at me bro!  She continues,  We re gonna fight you and dance the more you come at us. So bring it! We re ready. We re gonna keep resisting in love dancing because it looks like you don t have any.  So it looks like you need to be taught.  Lacy then goes on to interview more hateful gay protesters preaching love and  tolerance . So many angry, hateful people protesting against hate The hypocrisy of a liberal exposed. Note: the original post (seen in screen shot below) claims the protest was organized by the Islamic Center. We re pretty sure that LGBTQ members dancing in the streets is not a sanctioned Islamic event LOL!",0
18694,"RADICAL “TOLERANT” FEMALE Black Bloc, Antifa Leader Follows Muslim Boyfriend To Turkey… Surprised When She Was Beaten, Raped","DC Antifa Leader Moved to Turkey with Man She Met, Surprised When Beaten and Abused https://t.co/MsBtGGxwem pic.twitter.com/XjC3UbmvRn  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) May 2, 2017McCauley claims this is not the person who she traveled to Turkey to be with in her response to Prosibiec:How nice of you to link to my blog, Jack. I wrote about this publicly. Nice ""investigative"" skills. You got a photo of the wrong guy though. https://t.co/shOj6FfEyl  Lacy MacAuley (@lacymacauley) May 2, 2017So all day, #fascists were a lot of bluff and bluster. Brought guns they never shot. Just chanted, gave #Nazi salutes, taunted. #Pikeville pic.twitter.com/FlVAOkudlW  Lacy MacAuley (@lacymacauley) April 29, 2017How nice of you to link to my blog, Jack. I wrote about this publicly. Nice ""investigative"" skills. You got a photo of the wrong guy though. https://t.co/shOj6FfEyl  Lacy MacAuley (@lacymacauley) May 2, 2017Lacy Mccauley can be seen acting as the  tolerant  host at this organized LGBTQ dance party in front of Vice President Mike Pence s home. At about the 1:40 mark, Lacy interviews Natalie, one of the  peaceful  protesters who warns Mike Pence,  Bro .at me bro!  She continues,  We re gonna fight you and dance the more you come at us. So bring it! We re ready. We re gonna keep resisting in love dancing because it looks like you don t have any.  So it looks like you need to be taught.  Lacy then goes on to interview more hateful gay protesters preaching love and  tolerance . So many angry, hateful people protesting against hate The hypocrisy of a liberal exposed:",0
18695,WOMAN DEFENDS Female Genital Mutilation With This Twisted Reasoning [Video],"Anthropologist Fuambai Ahmadu appeared on Tucker Carlson to defend female genital mutilation. Her shocking commentary and acceptance of this horrible cultural ritual left us in shock. Are there REALLY people out there who consider this to be in any way similar to male circumcision? She tries to conflate the two but only makes Tucker Carlson wince. I don t identify with the term FGM with the term mutilation, I don t know anybody in my family that does or my community. And from over 25 years of research I ve done in the field, I would say the great majority of women who are affected by what I call female circumcision practices do not see themselves as mutilated.    Anthropologist Fuambai Ahmadu What she s really saying in the comment above is that because everyone SHE knows thinks this is ok, then we all need to accept it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKYTu7m95pQ",0
18696,NEW BIOGRAPHY Exposes Barack Obama’s Dream Of Becoming Donald Trump,"Barack Obama s white college girlfriend Sheila Miyoshi Jager, who is now a professor at Oberlin College, tells a story of a very calculating man who was not about to let her race get in the way of his political ambitions: In the winter of  86, when we visited my parents, he asked me to marry him,  she told Garrow. Her parents were opposed, less for any racial reasons (Barack came across to them like  a white, middle-class kid,  a close family friend said) than for concern about Obama s professional prospects, and because her mother thought Sheila, two years Obama s junior, was too young.  Not yet,  Sheila told Barack. But they stayed together.In early 1987, when Obama was 25, she sensed a change.  He became. . . so very ambitious  very suddenly,  she told Garrow.  I remember very clearly when this transformation happened, and I remember very specifically that by 1987, about a year into our relationship, he already had his sights on becoming president. Discussions of race and politics suddenly overwhelmed Sheila and Barack s relationship.  The marriage discussions dragged on and on,  but now they were clouded by Obama s  torment over this central issue of his life . . . race and identity,  Sheila recalls. The  resolution of his black identity was directly linked to his decision to pursue a political career,  she said.At Harvard, the Obama the world has come to know took clearer form. In his late 20s now and slightly older than most classmates, he had a compulsion to orate in class and summarize other people s arguments for them.  In law school the only thing I would have voted for Obama to do would have been to shut up,  one student told Garrow. Classmates created a Obamanometer, ranking  how pretentious someone s remarks are in class. If Garrow is indeed correct in concluding that Obama s romantic choices were influenced by his political ambitions, it is no small irony that Michelle Obama became one of those most skeptical about Obama s political prospects, and most dubious about his will to rise. She constantly discourages his efforts toward elective office and resents the time he spends away from her and their two young daughters. Obama vented to a friend how often Michelle would talk about money.  Why don t you go out and get a good job? You re a lawyer   you can make all the money we need,  she would tell him, as the couple struggled with student loans and the demands of family and political life. (Garrow sides with Michelle, highlighting how, on the day after Sasha was born, Barack went downtown for a meeting.)As he considered a U.S. Senate bid, Obama s team commissioned a poll that covered, among other questions, his name.  Barry,  as he was known from childhood into his early college years, polled better than  Barack,  but Obama never considered resurrecting the old name. He had made his choice, of identity and image, long ago. Sheila recalls that one of the few times Obama became genuinely angry with her was in Hawaii, when she heard relatives calling him Barry, and she did so as well, just for fun. He became  irrationally furious,  she said.  He told me that under no circumstances was I ever to use that name with him. There was no going back.The sense of destiny is not unusual among those who become president. (See Clinton, Bill.) But it created complications. Obama believed that he had a  calling,  Garrow writes, and in his case it was  coupled with a heightened awareness that to pursue it he had to fully identify as African American. Obama had considered Donald Trump long before either man won the presidency, and brushed off his existence as a misguided national fantasy. Americans have a  continuing normative commitment to the ideals of individual freedom and mobility,  Obama wrote in the old Harvard book manuscript, now more than 25 years old.  The depth of this commitment may be summarily dismissed as the unfounded optimism of the average American   I may not be Donald Trump now, but just you wait; if I don t make it, my children will. For entire story: The Washington Post",0
18697,BOMBSHELL BIOGRAPHY: “SELF-OBSESSED” BARACK OBAMA Asked WHITE Girlfriend To Marry Him…Dated Her While Engaged To Michelle,"The sex secrets of the young Barack Obama have been revealed in an authoritative new biography of the ex-president.The new book by Pulitzer Prize winning author David J. Garrow titled,  Rising  claims that Barack Obama proposed to Sheila Miyoshi Jager before he met MichelleGarrows book is full of bombshells about Barack Obama and the sacrifices he made early onIn a probing new biography,  Rising Star,  David J. Garrow attempts to do all that, but also something more: He tells us how Obama lived, and explores the calculations he made in the decades leading up to his winning the presidency. Garrow portrays Obama as a man who ruthlessly compartmentalized his existence; who believed early on that he was fated for greatness; and who made emotional sacrifices in the pursuit of a goal that must have seemed unlikely to everyone but him. Every step   whether his foray into community organizing, Harvard Law School, even the choice of whom to love   was not just about living a life but about fulfilling a destiny.It is in the personal realm that Garrow s account is particularly revealing. He shares for the first time the story of a woman Obama lived with and loved in Chicago, in the years before he met Michelle, and whom he asked to marry him. Sheila Miyoshi Jager, now a professor at Oberlin College, is a recurring presence in  Rising Star,  and her pained, drawn-out relationship with Obama informs both his will to rise in politics and the trade-offs he deems necessary to do so. Narrow, who received a Pulitzer Prize for his biography of Martin Luther King Jr., concludes this massive new work with a damning verdict on Obama s determination:  While the crucible of self-creation had produced an ironclad will, the vessel was hollow at its core.  -The Washington PostObama slept with his girlfriend Genevieve Cook on their first date, before she wrote him a poem about their  f***ing  and called their sex  passionate , the book about the former president reveals.They also took cocaine together   and after they split she slept with his best friend.Obama also considered a gay relationship while at college, twice proposed to another white girlfriend, and cheated on Michelle with his ex during the first year of their relationship. Obama, a new Columbia graduate who was working for a firm that  prepared financial reports at the time, made dinner for Cook at his apartment in Manhattan two weeks after meeting her at a New Year s Eve party and handing her his phone number.It was the start of a relationship which is one of a series revealed in Rising Star.It was written after exhaustive research by Pulitzer-prize winning biographer David Garrow, and also reveals how he asked another woman to marry him   and continued a relationship with her while dating Michelle, before she became his wife.Cook was 25 when she met 22-year-old Obama on New Year s Eve in 1983.Australian-born Cook was living in her mother and stepfather s Park Avenue apartment at the time, but had been brought up around the world, including   like Obama, Indonesia   as her father was an Australian spy and diplomat.But the couple also used drugs and Cook reveals that Obama was still a cocaine user when they were together.He would spend time with other friends   Hasan Chandoo, Imad Hussain and Sohale Siddiqi, who he had been friends with at Occidental College, in Los Angeles   and Cook said the trio was taking  lots of cocaine .They were far more prolific users than Obama, who she said probably preferred staying home to read than taking the drug. Chandoo   who was later to become a fundraiser for Obama   was the leader, the book claims. For every five lines that somebody did, he would have done half,  Cook said.The book also notes that Cook and Obama would smoke pot but only at parties and records one time when during tension in their relationship she wrote in her diary that they went to a party and got  high  on cocaine.That Obama was still using cocaine in his early 20s is a significant revelation.He had previously only disclosed that he used it as a teenage student.The couple split in June 1985, after a year and a half together, the book says.But she was hardly out of his life   because she became involved with his friend Sohale in September of that year.She and Sohale did ecstasy together, and then had sex. When she wrote to Obama and told him he replied:  The news of Sohale and you did hurt. He also used   possibly inadvertently   a racial slur to refer to Sohale and the other two Pakistani-born friends, calling them  the Pakis  in the same letter.",0
18698,WIFE OF BRITISH MEDIC Calls Radio Show…Says Husband Processed Migrants With “ISIS Stuff” On Phones…Men Push Women And Children To Back Of Line For Treatment [VIDEO],"A caller to British radio host Katie Hopkins whose name is Jessica, called into Katie s show to relay a story to her about her formerly  bleeding heart liberal  husband who has come to have a  hatred of a certain demographic  after helping migrants who are arriving in migrant rescue boats. Jessica told Hopkins,  My husband is turning into a man I don t recognize anymore because of what he has physically seen. Jessica added that it was the way male migrants behaved in particular, that led to his change of heart.She told Katie:  It was a really, really traumatic time for him. He was doing three-week stints and they were picking bodies out of the sea. Babies, women, it was awful. But at the same time, he said they were processing men, adults, in their 30s who all had phones with Isis stuff on the phones, they were being separated. When they were being handed over to the authorities with the information explaining that these guys had all this on their phones, and what their ages were, and they were just being processed through. There was nothing, they were just being separated out, they just all went through with everything else, it broke his heart, because he was dealing with families who were in such a terrible state with young babies who so clearly needed rescuing. And yet you had adult males that were pushing women and children to the back of the queue they felt that they were more important. It s just an awful situation, and this was last year. He can t handle the way these women and children are treated by these men. There were hundreds and hundreds of women, children, men who were being picked out of the sea. Not all of them were refugees. He came home heartbroken. Absolutely heartbroken, because he s saying  I don t know how Europe is going to cope .She continued:  How are we supposed to process that as individuals? You know, he still has images that he has to deal with over a year later. We forget about the medics who deal with this, the soldiers that are dealing with this. The people that are processing these people. It s not just how are we going to process all these people, but how are we going to deal with the trauma of having to process these people? Having to make these decisions? Who do you treat first? A special thank you to Paul Joseph Watson for this video: Man who helped rescue  refugees  said many were men with ISIS content on phones who shoved women & children out of the way. pic.twitter.com/wH08TLf4xY  Paul Joseph Watson  (@PrisonPlanet) May 3, 2017Katie asked the caller how her husband is doing currently after seeing the vast number of migrants rescued this year already.Jessica said:  My husband is turning into, it s why I stopped him doing it, he s turning into a man I don t recognise anymore. Because my family think I m a bleeding heart liberal, and you know, I would just wave everyone in and say  come on, we ll help , and my husband was of a very similar opinion that people needed help. He s now turning into someone I don t recognise, because of what he has physically seen. He is starting to say this is not all people looking for help, there are people here who are out for their own self interest. She added:  It s just awful. And now he is building a hatred of a certain demograph[ic], that he has been exposed to because he s seen the way they behave.   LBCIs it too late for Europe? Have they allowed this unabated invasion of migrants from majority Muslim nations to their once  culturally distinct nations for too long? What will these bleeding heart nations look like in 5 years? How long will Americans sit back and allow bleeding heart liberals to call them  racists  or  xenophobes  because they don t want to see the fundamental transformation of the United States that Barack Obama promised would happen if we elected him as our president. Can President Trump stop this nightmare without the help of a Republican majority in both the House and Senate?",0
18699,LIBERAL AMERICAN STUDENT Gets Brutal Lesson In American Exceptionalism By Irish Journalist [Video],"Irish journalist and documentary filmmaker Ann McElhinney took down a clueless liberal student during a discussion on global warming Ann is the quickest and smartest at debate. This liberal picked on the wrong person The student insults Ann with the following comment: I can t take anything you said seriously because you said that washing machines were more liberating than the birth control pill,  the student yelled as a friend tried to calm her.  You don t know anything! You are the least credible human being I ve like ever encountered in my life. She then called Ann a  Goddamn idiot. Ann proceeded to give this student a BIG reality check on the EU and then American exceptionalism. Bravo Ann!On a side note- If you ever have the chance to hear Ann McElhinney speak, DO IT! She is one of the best speakers around!We ve had the pleasure of hearing her speak and came away very impressed!Her latest project is on the Gosnell abortion case:",0
18700,IRAN MAKES MAJOR Announcement About How They Plan To Use BILLIONS In “OBAMA-BUCK$” [VIDEO],"Iran is using the billions in cash resources provided under the landmark nuclear deal to engage in an unprecedented military buildup meant to transform the Islamic Republic s fighting force into an  offensive  juggernaut, according to a largely unreported announcement by Iranian military leaders that has sparked concern among U.S. national security insiders and sources on Capitol Hill.The shocking truth behind the US-Iran nuclear deal, as WSJ reports, is that John Kerry and the Obama Administration airlifted $1.7bn of cash in  compromise  payments (read   bribe) to Tehran to ensure the release of 4 captured sailors coincidentally the same weekend as the signing of the nuclear deal.Wooden pallets stacked with euros, Swiss francs and other currencies were flown into Iran on an unmarked cargo plane, according to these officials. The U.S. procured the money from the central banks of the Netherlands and Switzerland, they said.Of course, senior U.S. officials denied any link between the payment and the prisoner exchange. They say the way the various strands came together simultaneously was coincidental, not the result of any quid pro quo.  Zero HedgeIt now appears that Obama s chickens are coming home to roost Iranian officials announced late last month that Iran s defense budget had increased by 145 percent under President Hassan Rouhani and that the military is moving forward with a massive restructuring effort aimed at making it  a forward moving force,  according to regional reports.Iranian leaders have stated since the Iran deal was enacted that they are using the massive amounts of cash released under the agreement to fund the purchase of new military equipment and other armaments. Iran also has pursued multi-million dollar arms deals with Russia since economic sanctions were nixed as part of the deal.Leading members of Congress and U.S. officials working on the Iran portfolio suspect that at least a portion of the Obama administration s $1.7 billion cash payment to Iran  has been used to fund and support terrorists in the Middle East.The latest disclosure about Iran s military buildup is further fueling concerns that U.S. cash assets returned to the country which were released with no strings attached by the Obama administration are helping Iran pursue a more aggressive military stance against U.S. forces in the region. President Obama flat-out caved in to Iran when he handed them the disastrous nuclear deal and $1.7 billion in cash payments that could assist Iran s military,  Rep. Sean Duffy (R., Wis.), an opponent of the nuclear deal, told the Washington Free Beacon.  So it s no surprise that the world s lead sponsor of terrorism would feel emboldened to become more aggressive in the region and flex its military muscle. Iranian Brigadier General Kiumars Heidari announced the military buildup during Iran s annual Army Day. While the announcement did not grab many headlines in the Western media, national security insiders have been discussing the announcement for weeks, according to conversations with multiple sources.Iran s goal is to turn its army into an  offensive  force, a major shift from its historic role as a support agent for the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps, or IRGC, Iran s extremely well funded primary fighting force.For entire story: Washington Free Beacon",0
18701,"WATCH TUCKER CARLSON’S Heated Debate With Delusional Illegal Activist: “I am here illegally . . . But I, as a person, am not illegal.” [Video]","Tucker Carlson interviews Jose Antonio Vargas, CEO of Define America He gave Vargas a reality check!Vargas takes offense to the way Carlson is framing this? It s difficult for this illegal to face reality.He says,  I was an undocumented immigrant in this country  yet he doesn t think he s illegal.Vargas:  My protest yesterday was as an undocumented immigrant, one of 11 million who are viewed as criminals,  let s pause here for a moment . . . that is one illegal immigrant too many and you ARE criminals . . . now we ll continue,  my own way of protesting was just   actually   very quietly and respectfully thinking about what it means to be an immigrant in the Trump era, right? So that, that, that was my way,  he stutters on smugly.Tucker replied,  Okay, well thank you for not breaking anything . . . I m not accusing you of setting fires, I m merely saying: where are people who agree with these folks standing up and saying  you re not allowed to do this, you can t block traffic, you can t break things, you can t set fires , it  pretty simple. Vargas replies,  This issue is not just quote-un-quote political, it s personal   we re talking about millions of people who are related to undocumented people that you call  criminal illegals  everyday, right?  Tucker aptly jumps in and asks of Vargas,  What should I call people who are here illegally? Should I pretend they re not here illegally?  Vargas, in a flustered state, tries to belittle Tucker,  You ask me to come on your show, pretty much once a week, and I come here as an undocumented person . . . Tucker interrupts Vargas:  You may be overstating it a little bit, I think this is the third time   but here s the point,  Tucker begins before Vargas cuts him off,  Here s the point, I am here illegally . . . But I, as a person, am not illegal.  Tucker jumps in with a perfect line,  But I robbed a liquor store yesterday, which is illegal, but I m not illegal . . . I don t even know what the point you re making is, I m not saying you re a bad person, I m saying your status is in violation of the law. The way your framing it Carlson then says,  actually I was just playing video from yesterday TRUTH! Spare me the nonsense!    Tucker CarlsonVia: Gateway Pundit",0
18702,#SteveBannon’s Secret “To Do” List Is Accidentally Captured In Photo…Democrat Heads Will Explode When They See This,"President Trump s Chief Strategist Steve Bannon just accidentally revealed his  to do  list to the world. Bannon writes down his  to do  lists on a whiteboard in his office. The board appears to be totally full of things to work on a good sign that Bannon is continuing his work FOR the people of America Thank you Mr. Bannon for standing by your promises even though others have caved.Rabbi Shmuley Boteach, a Jewish author who went to meet  Bannon, got his picture taken with the Trump advisor but it was right in front of the whiteboard. The Rabbi then posted the picture to Twitter. From what s been revealed on the whiteboard, immigration policies are front and center for Bannon. Two parts which stand out are:  new extreme vetting,  and  Build the Border Wall and eventually make Mexico Two of these are  finally complete the biometric entry-exit visa tracker  and  sunset visa so that Congress is forced to revisit and revise .The white board also promises revisited health care policies and a tax reform.This is what the readable parts of the board say:Pledges on Obamacare Repeal and replace ObamacarePledges on Tax Reform Create a 10% repatriation tax  Lower the corporate tax to 15%  Eliminate the estate tax  Eliminate the carried interest loophole  Pledges on Immigration Cancel all federal funding to sanctuary cities  Suspend immigration from terror-prone regions  Implement new extreme immigration vetting tech   Suspend the Syrian Refugee Program  Create support for victims of illegal immigration  Expand and revitalize the popular 287(g) program  Issue detainers for all illegal immigrants who are for any crime, and they will be placed in removal proceedings  End  Catch-And-Release   Hire 5,000 more Border Patrol agents  Restore the Secure Communities Program  Triple the number of ICE agents  Build the border wall and eventually make Mexico .  Sunset our visa laws so that Congress is forced to revise and revisit them  Finally complete the biometric entry-exit visa tracking   Propose Passage of Davis-Oliver bill  Immediately terminate Obama s  two illegal   pass  Kate s LawRead more: Telegraph",0
18703,Proposed Budget Deal Is MUCH WORSE On U.S. Border Security Than We Originally Thought,"Only a few days after his inauguration, President Donald Trump moved aggressively to tighten the nation s immigration policies Wednesday, signing executive actions to jumpstart construction of a U.S.-Mexico border wall and block federal grants from immigrant-protecting  sanctuary cities. Beginning today the United States of America gets back control of its borders,  Trump declared during a visit to the Department of Homeland Security.  We are going to save lives on both sides of the border. Trump cast his actions as fulfillment of a campaign pledge to enact hard-line immigration measures, including construction of a wall paid for by Mexico. With the families of Americans killed by people living in the U.S. illegally sitting in the audience, Trump said,  When it comes to public safety, there is no place for politics. Trump cast his actions as fulfillment of a campaign pledge to enact hard-line immigration measures, including construction of a wall paid for by Mexico. With the families of Americans killed by people living in the U.S. illegally sitting in the audience, Trump said,  When it comes to public safety, there is no place for politics.   PBSAlthough the source of funding for a border wall was never really clear, most Americans believed with a Republican majority in both the House and Senate, funding for a secure border wall, as part of our national security was a no-brainer. Conservative Review   The proposed budget deal before the House of Representatives is playing out like a bad replay of the latter Obama era: A Republican-controlled Congress   given the power of the purse by the American people   giving away the farm to Democrat demands.But the capitulation is far worse than one may realize. It s not just the lack of new funding for a southern border wall; this omnibus, which funds countless liberal priorities, prohibits existing funds from being used on any sort of border wall as well.According to a Congressional Research Service report from January, the Department of Homeland Security could have taken non-obligated funds and used them to put structures along areas of the border already spelled out in the Secure Fence Act of 2006 mandating a double-layered fence. Indeed, nothing in current law would appear to bar DHS from installing hundreds of miles of additional physical barriers,  it contends,  at least so long as this action was determined appropriate to deter illegal crossings in areas of high illegal entry or was deemed warranted to achieve  operational control  of the southern border. It s important to remember that the requirement to construct  no less than 700 miles  of border fencing (originally 850 miles) has been the law on the books for over a decade. Obama used waiver authority and very loose discretion (thanks to the weakening of the law in 2008) to skirt the requirement.Now that Trump wants to fulfill the existing mandate, Congress really has a moral obligation to honor the existing statutory authorization with sufficient appropriations. This is not some Trump boondoggle; this is a law passed with major bipartisan support in 2006.What the current proposal does is not only not fund a border wall, but it s so specifically worded as to prohibit any of the currently allocated funds from going to construction on the project. The bill actually rescinds $21 million in unobligated funds for border fencing.This means that even previous resources cannot be used on new construction as well, thereby tying the administration s hands and essentially weakening current law. Without this language, Trump could theoretically begin entering into contracts so that by the time the September funding bill is signed, he can hit the ground running with new funding (not that he will fight then, either). So, rather than take what money exists and use that to start negotiating contracts, run studies, and do whatever else is conceivable on physical border security between now and when Congress revisits this never-ending budget circus in September, nothing except for maintenance on the current, insufficient structure will be permitted.Meanwhile, the current budget retains provisions either providing funds specifically for, or predicating them upon, border security in countries such as Jordan, Lebanon, Egypt, Pakistan, Libya, Ethiopia, and other countries  affected by extremism. That is not to say that the security of these borders against the likes of jihadists aren t our concern, or that these provisions ought not to exist. Assisting in physically stopping the flow of terrorist arms and personnel across borders is but one basic tool to be employed in the global fight against Sharia supremacism. But the juxtaposition of these is telling.A Republican Congress is willing to pass a bill that realizes border security is necessary for countries across the ocean, but will sacrifice not only a symbol of our own sovereignty, but a physical means of protecting it (the only effective way of tackling the policy and political problems with open borders). ",0
18704,LATE NIGHT HOST Goes Low In Anti-Trump Rant With ‘Homophobic’ Slur [Video],"COLBERT   LANGUAGE WARNING! This late night host is one angry dude! He does everything he can to try and rip on President Trump but it comes off as cold and just mean spirited.The disgusting rant at the end of his monologue has backfired on him .his homophobic slur was in poor taste and very offensive to just about everyone within earshot. You can even tell the audience was shocked when he said it. If this was said about anyone else, Colbert would be in hot water but this is against Trump so it s ok. Isn t that pitiful How low can Colbert go? Not much lower Stephen Colbert unleashed a torrent of anti-Trump jokes on his show Monday night, ending with a c*ck-in-Trump s-mouth jab. The 12-minute tirade was dedicated to the 100-day mark in Trump s presidency, and Colbert went after Trump with a vengeance. The jokes included,  The only thing your mouth is good for is being Vladimir Putin s c*ck holster. Go to the 11:13 mark for the rant   language warning:READ MORE: TMZ",0
18705,TUCKER TRIES TO REASON With A Crazy Feminist Inserting Gender Politics Onto Newborn Care [Video],"Tucker interviews Cathy Areu of Catalina Magazine about whether it s appropriate to call breastfeeding  natural.  This is a perfect example of why women are turned off by feminism. Trying to change what s truly natural so it will fit your gender politics is sickening to most women who aren t buying into it. Blurring the lines bit by bit when it comes to gender is what s NOT natural here Clearly, Cathy wasn t breastfed when she was a baby ",0
18706,BLACK STUDENT With Hot Glue Gun Causes Elite LIBERAL COLLEGE To Lock-Down Campus,"After a sighting of black student with a hot glue gun caused the tolerant, liberal campus of Colgate quickly jumped into action and locked down the school. The university president took swift action, blamed the Campus Safety Director and quickly placed him on administrative leave until an investigation is completed. There have been no shots fired Colgate University locked down its campus today, after a student spotted an  armed individual  who was actually holding a hot glue gun.The upstate New York university s official Twitter account tweeted out a warning late Monday urging students to seek shelter. The tweets warned there was an  armed person  on campus, although there were  no reports of shots fired. But shortly before midnight, the lockdown was lifted. In a statement to students, Colgate announced that  after thorough investigation, and with the assistance of the person in question, law enforcement identified the individual as a student who was using a glue gun for an art project. Students on social media quickly reported that the glue-toting student was African-American, and grumbled that race may have played a factor. In an additional statement Tuesday morning, Colgate President Brian W. Casey confirmed the student s race and apologized.  WFBColgate Alert: Because of a dangerous situation in the Coop, everyone is advised to leave the building.  Colgate University (@colgateuniv) May 2, 2017Colgate Alert: There is an armed person at the Coop. Find a safe space and remain indoors. If you are off-campus,stay away.  Colgate University (@colgateuniv) May 2, 2017Law enforcement is on campus for reports of an alleged armed person in the Coop. They are searching the building.  Colgate University (@colgateuniv) May 2, 2017Campus safety officials report there have been no shots fired. Situation is still under investigation. Updates as available.  Colgate University (@colgateuniv) May 2, 2017Colgate University President made the following statement: This morning I received an update from Campus Safety regarding the events of last night, details of which I want to share with the campus. Please know that I have called for a thorough, deeper review of all matters related to last night from the original reporting of the events to the University s response. I will have this report within ten days and I will share its findings with the campus.At a few minutes before 8 PM last night a Colgate student called Colgate Campus Safety reporting that they had seen a black male entering the Coop, carrying what appeared to be a gun. A few minutes later, Campus Safety sent out the first of two campus announcements, the first identifying an  Emergency Situation  and the second indicating, in a profound error, that there was an active shooter on the campus. (The remaining campus notices last night were sent out by our Communications Office and an emergency response team.)After the initial report, Campus Safety contacted local law enforcement units, which proceeded to engage in steps associated with reports of a person with a gun in a public setting. Only after it was determined that the person in the Coop was a Colgate student who had a glue gun needed for an art project was Campus Safety able to end the campus lockdown.To more fully understand the events of last night, we are in contact with the student who had the glue gun and will be with the student who made the initial report. Importantly, I am also in contact with those who were making the essential administrative decisions last night.It is important that we understand the role that implicit racial bias had in the initial reporting of and responses to the events of last night. I want to make sure we speak with those who made and received the initial report to understand the role this played.More egregiously, perhaps, was the effect profiling had on the response of safety officers and other University offices to these events. In addition, communication and enforcement steps were taken that, I believe, confused and harmed this campus and our students. As a first step, I have asked Campus Safety Director Bill Ferguson, who was leading university security efforts last night, to take an administrative leave from his position effective immediately while we conduct a review of the events of last night.This has been a difficult, painful several hours on this campus. My obligation is, first, to demand a full accounting of what happened. My next obligation is to take steps to ensure the safety of all Colgate students, faculty and staff. My final obligation my desire is to improve Colgate. If there is anything that can and should come from these events it must be that concrete steps are taken to make Colgate a better place, and a university worthy of both regard and respect. ",0
18707,HILLARY GIVES HILARIOUS Reason For Losing Election: “I Was On The Way To Winning” [VIDEO],"The Media Research Center recently published a study showing that 91% of the coverage Donald Trump received during his campaign was considered negative or  hostile .Was it even necessary to prove that almost all of candidate Trump s media coverage was negative or  hostile  compared to Hillary Clinton s?  For the most part, the media mocked anyone who even suggested Hillary had a part in the Benghazi attack that took the lives of 4 innocent Americans. They ignored and even laughed at the brave victims who came forward and publicly accused Hillary of  enabling  her sexual predator husband, while referring to her as a  champion of women and girls . The media did everything in their power to push Hillary s email scandal to the bottom of the news pile, but were finally forced to address it when FBI Director James Comey came forward and announced his investigation into her unsecured email server that was being used for official State Department business.After several months of keeping a pretty low profile, Hillary is coming out with excuses about why she lost the election. The timing is a bit suspicious however after an inside account of Hillary s disastrous campaign was just released by an insider who wrote a tell-all book titled  Shattered  that offers a less than charitable view of the real Hillary Clinton.Watch Hillary in her latest video, as she hilariously blames the press for losing the election:Here s the second part of Hillary s appearance where she tells the crowd she was on her  way to victory  until FBI Director James Comey ruined it for her:Politico   In addition to receiving far more network coverage, the networks spent far more airtime focusing on the personal controversies involving Trump, such as his treatment of women, than controversies surrounding Clinton, such as her email practices or the Clinton Foundation.For the study, MRC analyzed all 588 evening news stories that either discussed or mentioned the presidential campaign on the ABC, CBS and NBC evening newscasts from July 29 through October 20 (including weekends). Of the total newscasts, the networks devoted 29 percent of their time to the campaign. The study did not include comments from the campaigns or candidates themselves, instead focusing on what the correspondents, anchors, expert commentators, and voters on the street said in order to try and hone in on any sort of slant from the networks.Though neither candidate was necessarily celebrated, Clinton largely just stayed out of the line of fire. Even when they were critical of Hillary Clinton   for concealing her pneumonia, for example, or mischaracterizing the FBI investigation of her e-mail server   network reporters always maintained a respectful tone in their coverage,  the study found.  This was not the case with Trump, who was slammed as embodying  the politics of fear,  or a  dangerous  and  vulgar   misogynistic bully  who had insulted vast swaths of the American electorate. It doesn t really surprise me, I think most people got the sense that this was a hostile place for Trump, the establishment media,  said Rich Noyes, director of research for the MRC.  I would say looking at the big picture, the Trump campaign and to a lesser extent Republicans in general wanted this to be a referendum on Obama   the Clinton campaign, the Democrats, once Trump was picked wanted this be a referendum on Donald Trump. Television news has for the past 12 weeks has been giving the Democrats the campaign they wanted. ",0
18708,HOW PAUL RYAN JUST Made A Mockery Of Trump’s Promise To Protect Blue-Collar Jobs From Foreign Workers,"The bipartisan congressional language creates a headache for Trump and his deputies because it flips the politically difficult problem from Congress to the Department of Homeland Security of deciding whether to provide extra wage-cutting H-2B contract workers to companies or else to improve job opportunities for Trump s blue-collar voters.The new rule helps business groups offset rising pressure for wage increases, just 18 months before the mid-term elections when voters will vet the success or not of Trump s  Buy American, Hire American  policies.The H-2B language was hidden deep in the draft 2017 supplemental budget   which is to face House and Senate votes this week   and it surprised opponents of the legislation. In December 2016, Ryan had agreed to trim the program when the partial 2017 budget deal was announced just one month after blue-collar voters backed Donald Trump s campaign promise of a low-immigration, high-wage national economic policy.Apparently nothing is going to change, as long as Speaker Ryan remains at the helm. Watch: Immigration expert Mark Krikorian tweeted aboutHere's the text of the #H2B ""returning workers"" loophole that makes a mockery of the law's numerical ""limits"". https://t.co/G7dc1Qpmaz pic.twitter.com/Hf4UPjwJB4  Mark Krikorian (@MarkSKrikorian) May 1, 2017The language in the 2017 budget says the Department of Homeland Security has the authority to exceed the supposed 66,000 annual cap on H-2B outsourcing visas by a number equal to the maximum number of workers who benefited from an earlier exemption, dubbed the  returning worker exemption. Via: Breitbart",0
18709,BREAKING: PAUL RYAN Nervously Giggles During Budget Speech That DOESN’T Fund A Border Wall [Video],"Paul Ryan nervously giggled during the Republican announcement of the budget and Obamacare replacement this morning. It s interesting to watch all of the Republicans in the video below skip over the elephant in the room by redirecting everyone to other items THEY consider to be positive. Ryan emphasized the funding for border patrol but skipped right over the border wall funding.Why does the left bother with  Resistance  theatrics when the Republican Congress funds their entire wish list anyway?Is funding the NIH (National Institutes for Health) with 2 BILLION dollars a good thing? That bloated and very wasteful item needs to be looked at more closely. Remember shrimp on a treadmill? Drunk monkeys? Yes, this is the organization that gives out YOUR tax dollars to people to do crazy experiments that are honestly wasteful.The other things like funding Sanctuary Cities? Is anyone else puzzled by this?Why are the Republicans constantly trying to appease the Democrats?Please skip to the 5:15 mark in the video:This is a loser spending bill for the American people!",0
18710,CITIZEN JOURNALIST Enters WH Press Room Yells Questions To Press…Liberals Have A Hissy Fit! [VIDEO],"REAL journalism hit Washington today! One of our favorite citizen journalists went at the main stream media full force. The video below is what happens when you turn the tables on the press they freak out. They can t handle it. Notice how the reporters in the video below are a little shocked when the tables are turned and someone yells a question to them. You ll love the question too! This is a classic!WASHINGTON   The journalist who scooped the establishment media and unmasked Susan Rice as a key figure in the Obama administration spying scandal turned the tables Monday and grilled White House reporters about how they are doing their jobs.Or not doing them As soon as Press Secretary Sean Spicer concluded his daily briefing and left the room, documentary filmmaker Mike Cernovich addressed reporters and loudly asked,  Why will nobody here cover the violence against Trump supporters? A confused hush fell over the room as reporters, unaccustomed to being on the receiving end of shouted questions, tried to figure out what was going on.But Cernocivh immediately continued,  And why won t you demand that leaders of the Democrats disavow the violence by Antifa the way you demanded Trump disavow violence from his supporters? He then answered his own question by telling the room:  This has been completely covered up. You have no answer. Are you a journalist?  asked April Ryan, White House correspondent and Washington bureau chief for American Urban Radio Networks. I am, madame. I am a reporter, I am a documentary filmmaker,  he repliedAfter today's press briefing was compete, a journalist asked about political violence by the left. Real journalism, finally! pic.twitter.com/EjLuBk3dZR  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) May 1, 2017THEN THE ATTACKS CAME FROM THE ANGRY LEFTTHE TYPICAL NAME CALLING YOU D EXPECT FROM THE LEFT She must be one of Liz Warren s  Nasty Women Read more: wnd",0
18711,BREAKING NEWS #Portland : Violent Anti-Trump Terrorists Caught On Video Destroying Everything In Their Path [Video],"Police in Portland just moved from watching a May Day demonstration to calling this a riot:Glass bottles and cans are being thrown at police officers and rioters are literally destroying Portland Antifa is officially out of control Arrests are being made and noise grenades were set off by Portland police Cop cars have been destroyed and firemen are all over the city putting out fires set by the Antifa thugs A @PortlandPolice car's window smashed by rioters pic.twitter.com/B5HMiRWCwn  Andrew Dymburt (@DymburtNews) May 2, 2017Thanks to brave citizen journalists like Mike Bivins, we can see the reality of what s happening in Portand This was happening in Paris earlier today so this time it s America s reality check. Don t think this won t eventually head your way.Law and order needs to rule the day Numerous people have been arrested so let s hope this simmers down now Riot Cops rush in and fire fighter paramedics put out the fire. Can't tell if arrests made. #MayDayPDX #mayday2017 pic.twitter.com/HiUVkNfk7z  Mike Bivins (@itsmikebivins) May 1, 2017TARGET DIDN T EVEN ESCAPE DAMAGE   WHY DO THIS?More damage. This to the Target downtown. Witnesses say rioters smashed the windows and threw flares into the store pic.twitter.com/seYRtNVZPL  Andrew Dymburt (@DymburtNews) May 2, 2017Riot in the Park Blocks! Glass bottle thrown at police. #maydaypdx #mayday2017 pic.twitter.com/zZUCQeVT3M  Mike Bivins (@itsmikebivins) May 2, 2017Group is leveling the pearl. I'm in shock. #TrumpRiot pic.twitter.com/smLgvEoRQ5  Mike Bivins (@itsmikebivins) November 11, 2016Arrestees about to be packed into police van at the #maydaypdx riot. #mayday2017 pic.twitter.com/9ImHQreI1A  Mike Bivins (@itsmikebivins) May 2, 2017Police swoop in for arrests. I missed the hard takedowns. Finger slipped   pic.twitter.com/fYeNmipk3Y  Mike Bivins (@itsmikebivins) May 2, 2017YOU CAN T SAY ANY OF THIS IS A SURPRISE:#MayDayPDX is around the corner! 2 weeks till then. #MayDay2017 #MayDayStrike #Oregon #OPDX #QuaniceHayes #PDX Retweet flyer please! Thx. pic.twitter.com/KqZuWqALOk  Dax (@AnonDCC) April 17, 2017",0
18712,"BREAKING NEWS: NYPD Cracking Down On Anti-Trump Terror Groups…WATCH Police ARREST Antifa Terrorists For Wearing Masks, Burning Flags [VIDEO]","Antifa terrorists have gathered in major cities across the world today to protest in solidarity against capitalism and free speech. In Paris, police officers were just lit on fire after being hit with petrol bombs by Antifa terrrorists. In LA, Antifa protesters were outnumbered by Trump supporters who showed up to rally on behalf of our president. In DC, Antifa thugs disrupted the streets with threats of violence. https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/859159780233015297Paris is like a war-zone!France needs  #LEPEN @TEN_GOPBREAKING: Paris is in total chaos again, looks like a war zone. #MayDay2017 IS CHAOSpic.twitter.com/J35tuhUZ20  @THETRUMPBUREAU (@THETRUMPBUREAU) May 1, 2017In New York City, police are doing their best to get the situation under control while Antifa terrorists ignore their commands: #MayDay2017 protesters (ANTIFA) are disobeying lawful commands by the NYPD. They are being arrested en masse. pic.twitter.com/h51va4sOdm  Based Monitored   (@BasedMonitored) May 1, 2017NYPD officers are demanding that cowardly Antifa terrorists unmask themselves or face being arrested:The NYPD is telling ANTIFA to unmask themselves or be subject to arrest. #MayDay2017 pic.twitter.com/iwn5smNpWq  Based Monitored   (@BasedMonitored) May 1, 2017More arrests were taking place on the streets of NYC after Antifa and communist protesters were  unlawfully disrupting the safe flow of traffic . They were warned by the police on a loudspeaker, but continued to block pedestrians from moving safely along the sidewalk. This is potentially a very dangerous and threatening situation for visitors to NYC and residents trying to get to and from work in the city.https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/859165166092656642NYPD show these Antifa terrorists they re not messing around in this video, as they arrest an Antifa coward burning an American flag. The Antifa terror group becomes angered after the arrest and start to close in on the officers. The police handle the situation perfectly and should be commended for addressing these terrorists in such a professional manner. OOPS! It looks like someone s going to be getting a little break from their parent s basement tonight: https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/859177599435776000",0
18713,HUH? SENATOR WARREN Wants To Cut Conservatives Open After They Die [Video],"Senator Elizabeth Warren must be doing whatever Nancy Pelosi is doing The very strange comment by Warren must require translation because we hope she didn t mean what she said!What is it anyway with the women in the Democrat Party? Pelosi, Warren and Maxine Waters are all having bizarre moments on camera. Keep it up ladies! It just means more votes for Republicans!https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/858742017521631232Senator Warren is known for her off color and strange speeches Remember the  Nasty woman  speech?Liz Warren appeared with Hillary Clinton today and delivered a man-hating rant like no other. She was spewing so much hate towards Trump but missed any substance in policy issues. She did parrot the free college mantra and gave a shocked comment on how she couldn t believe people have to pay for an education. Can you say she s way out of touch? Yikes!Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma): ""Get this Donald: nasty women are tough, nasty women are smart, and nasty women vote.  pic.twitter.com/rUIw7Yzxc8  CSPAN (@cspan) October 24, 2016",0
18714,BREAKING #MayDay : Journalist Attacked For Asking May Day Protesters Why They’re Carrying North Korean Flag [Video],"WASHINGTON, D.C.   May Day is the day for commies to come out in force The Antifa thugs are proudly marching for communism but when a journalist asked why they were carrying a North Korean flag, this happened:Jack Posobiec Attacked by Antifa   Uses Reasonable Force for Self Defense https://t.co/1HQ606sJBt  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) May 1, 2017 Attacked again Assaulted by Antifa again and I defended myself #MayDay2017 pic.twitter.com/3DDqK1nAYn  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) May 1, 2017The Antifa medics say  We expect violence Antifa yells ""Can I get a shoutout on 4chan!"" #MayDay2017 pic.twitter.com/QNA8qxULt7  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) May 1, 2017The hate for America is big! The sign below says:  SMASH THE STATE AMERICA WAS NEVER GREAT Antifa just can t help but be violent   they have proven to be total thugs! They even sell knives on their website! They were successful in threatening the city of Portland until they shut down a traditional parade:PORTLAND ANTIFA SHUTS DOWN TRADITIONAL PARADE:The irony in this entire cancellation of a tradition in Portland, Oregon is that now the Antifa (Anti Fascists) have pissed off the more moderate lefties. One group was going to speak at the parade event against white supremacy but now they won t get the chance. It s turning out that the Antifa group is more violent than any other radical group we ve known. They re even selling knives on their website!  A threatening email has derailed one of the Portland Rose Festival s signature events, and spurred new debate about the ongoing political protests in Portland.Organizers of the 82nd Avenue of Roses Parade announced Tuesday that the event will be canceled, for fear that the east Portland parade could be disrupted by  the type of riots which happen in downtown Portland.  (see video below)Originally scheduled this Saturday, April 29, the parade is meant to highlight the local community and businesses along Southeast 82nd Avenue, aiming to turn around the negative perception many people have of the area. It started in 2007 and has since become a popular event on the Rose Festival calendar.This year s parade was once again set to feature the Multnomah County Republican Party as one of the many groups slated to march, but that inclusion drew ire from some of the city s left-leaning protest groups.At least two protests were planned for the day of the parade, one by Oregon Students Empowered and another by Direct Action Alliance. Both events were mentioned in an email sent to parade organizers on Saturday, threatening to shut down the event with hundreds of protesters in the street. You have seen how much power we have downtown and that the police cannot stop us from shutting down roads so please consider your decision wisely,  the anonymous email said, telling organizers they could cancel the Republican group s registration or else face action from protesters.  This is non-negotiable. The parade is organized by the 82nd Avenue of Roses Business Association, a part of the neighborhood business organization Venture Portland. Representatives from neither organization returned calls for comment.The cancelation isn t necessarily a win for the protest groups. Jacob Bureros, an organizer with the Direct Action Alliance, said the organization   which intended to speak out against fascism and white supremacy during the parade   is sad to hear the news. We are disappointed that the parade was canceled,  he said.  We re members of this community and this is an awesome parade. James Buchal, chairman of the Multnomah County Republican Party, said his group was ready to march despite the protesters. He said the party had no hand in cancelling the event, and was taken by surprise when they heard the news. After seeing the email last weekend, they had no plans to back out. We weren t willing to just walk away quietly,  he said.  The next thing we knew the whole thing was canceled. The problem is the police said they couldn t offer additional security for the parade so the organizers backed out. We know the Portland Police Department can move to stop this type of activity.Check out this recent shut down of protesters blocking a bus in downtown Portland:Portland protesters were doing the usual idiotic tactic of blocking the street and not letting traffic proceed What they didn t realize is that the police aren t taking this anymore Watch the takedown of these punks Awesome!Check out the lady with the thumbs up! Haha! Read more: Oregon Live",0
18715,SPINELESS GOP PROVES MAJORITY Means Nothing …Senator Schumer Brags About Not Funding Border Wall: “Budget Deal Reflects Democrats’ Principles”,"Wow! Republicans had a chance to stand up to the Democrats and fight for the border wall, as well as other issues that got President Trump and many Republican members of Congress elected. The swamp monsters first attempt at backing our president and his efforts to make America Great Again however, proved to be an epic failure. Meanwhile, Democrats who are the minority party in both the House and Senate are gloating over the power they still wield over our spineless leadership in the GOP Top Capitol Hill negotiators reached an agreement on a huge $1 trillion-plus spending bill that avoids a government shutdown, aides said on Sunday.The deal means virtually all the day-to-day-operations of the federal government will be funded until September.It was a victory for Trump, who got an extra $15billion to strengthen the military and another $1.5billion to enhance border security.However, he lost out on the funding he needed for the US-Mexico-border wall, a promise that was one of the cornerstones of his presidential campaign.Details of the agreement were expected to be made public Sunday night, said aides to lawmakers involved in weeks of negotiations. The House and Senate had until midnight Friday to pass a measure to avert a government shutdown.  Daily Mail White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney said earlier in April that the shutdown fight was  the first real test of whether or not the Democrats   specifically in the Senate   are interested in negotiating, interested in compromising. The White House last week dropped its demand for immediate funding for the border wall after Democrats said it would result in a government shutdown because they would not vote for any bill that included it. The White House also dropped its threat to stop paying federal subsidies to insurance companies that offer lower-cost coverage to low-income Americans. Trump had threatened to stop paying the subsidies to force Democrats to support legislation to replace the Affordable Care Act, better known as Obamacare.Here s a look at the trillion dollar budget that was passed by Republican majority Congress and Democrat minority.  We ve highlighted budget items where Democrats and RINO s in Congress came together to vote against promises President Trump made to voters who elected him.  Once those two major stumbling blocks to a deal were removed, negotiators had just a few remaining issues to resolve over the weekend.While Republicans hold majorities in the House and Senate, the GOP needs Democratic votes in both chambers to pass the funding bill. In the closely divided Senate, the GOP has a slim majority of 52 seats in a chamber where 60 votes are required to pass the legislation. In the House, Republican leaders need help from Democrats because some conservatives will oppose any bill that increases spending.Democrats used that leverage to get concessions from the White House on the border wall and Obamacare while also getting extra money for medical research and other domestic programs. At the same time, Democrats agreed to beef up defense and border security, allowing the White House to claim at least a partial victory.   USA Today",0
18716,PRICELESS! BILL MAHER CALLS Senator Elizabeth Warren “Pocahontas” During Interview [VIDEO],"Bill Maher began his interview with the yawn-inducing Democrat Senator Elizabeth Warren and the best hope for a presidential candidate in 2020, by hitting her with some bad news Democrats are losing. After she came out faking enthusiasm for the liberal California audience, Warren who is best known for lying on a job application to Harvard and the University of Pennsylvania, where she checked the  Native American  box, starts out telling Maher,  People all across this country are energized.  (Is she talking about Antifa and basement dwellers who are collecting a paycheck from various George Soros groups for occasionally rolling out of bed, grabbing a face-mask and a baseball bat from their father s garage and going out to threaten the free-speech of Trump supporters?)Maher reminded her,  They may be all energized but they don t have a Democratic governor, a Democratic senator or a Democratic parliament. The first 5 minutes of Warren s yawn-inducing interview is filled with whining about how her progressive agenda is being ignored and how capitalism needs to be addressed and taken down.Maher quickly reminds her that from 1980-2015 when many of the economy-killing regulations were implemented that many Democrats were responsible for passing. He asked her,  Don t the Democrats bear some responsibility for that? At about the 6 minute mark, Bill Maher begins to whine about Trump s tax plan and reminds  Pocahontas  that Trump s fans are not with her. Warren tells Maher,  Actually, I m gonna push back, I disagree.  Maher interrupts her,  His fans are not with you. They don t like you Pocahontas. Watch starting at the 6:00 minute mark:",0
18717,PRESIDENT TRUMP To CBS This Morning: “I have no relationship with Barack Obama” [VIDEO],"Here is a bit of the transcript of their discussion via CBS:JOHN DICKERSON: Did President Obama give you any advice that was helpful? That you think, wow, he really was DONALD TRUMP:   Well, he was very nice to me. But after that, we ve had some difficulties. So it doesn t matter. You know, words are less important to me than deeds. And you  you saw what happened with surveillance. And everybody saw what happened with surveillance JOHN DICKERSON: Difficulties how?PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP:   and I thought that   well, you saw what happened with surveillance. And I think that was inappropriate, but that s the way JOHN DICKERSON: What does that mean, sir?PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: You can figure that out yourself.JOHN DICKERSON: Well, I  the reason I ask is you said he was  you called him  sick and bad .PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: Look, you can figure it out yourself. He was very nice to me with words, but  and when I was with him   but after that, there has been no relationship. ""Words are less important to me than deeds."" President Trump on why he now has ""no relationship"" w former President Obama. #WHThisMorning pic.twitter.com/16UimVudb3  CBS This Morning (@CBSThisMorning) May 1, 2017JOHN DICKERSON: Every president makes the Oval Office theirs. What have you done to make this yours?PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: Well, a lot of things. We had these incredible flags including the American flags.  And they were in different rooms.  And they were always being pushed around because they didn t have enough room.  And I said,  How beautiful, the base, the flags, Army, Navy, Marine Corps.  I mean, just so beautiful.  Just so beautiful.  The Coast Guard flag over here.And I said,  Well, let s see how they look in the Oval Office.  So the flags were up. The picture of Thomas Jefferson I put up. The picture of Andrew Jackson I put up because they said his campaign and my campaign tended to mirror each other. So we did a lot of  actually we did a lot of work. It s it s a much it s a much different   look than it was previously.",0
18718,THE GUY WHO Punched “Moldylocks” Speaks Out About Violent Antifa Female With A Bottle [VIDEO],"Nathan Domingo is the founder of  Identity Europa  and is the guy who was seen by millions of viewers punching a female Antifa thug the media tried to portray as a helpless woman that just happened to be in the area when fighting broke out at a free speech rally in Berkeley, CA on April 16th.The last time these two group clashed, the Trump supporters were seriously outnumbered. This time was a different story. Trump supporters came prepared for the unprovoked attacks of these hate groups and took them to task. With all the violence that happened yesterday, leftist media outlets seemed to be obsessed with reporting on the video that was taken of an alleged Trump supporter who punched an antifa female who was part of the violent group  Oak Roots Collective  that traveled to Berkeley to confront Trump supporters and shut down their right to free speech.Here s the video. At the 18 second mark you can see the woman cock her arm back as though she is about to swing her arm at someone. When she brings her arm forward, that is where she gets hit. We are NOT condoning the hitting of a woman by a man, but if she had a bottle in her hand and was about to hit someone that changes everything:CBS San Fransisco Bay Area news interviewed anarchist Louise Rosealma, who along with her boyfriend is a member of the Oak Roots Collective. Here s a sample of the violence they promote on their Facebook page. This is how these people (that should be labeled as domestic terrorists) see themselves. These anarchists live in a world where it s okay to act with violence against law enforcement and innocent people who don t agree with their political views:Here s citizen journalist Tim Pool talking to the Antifa female who was hit. When he asks her if she thinks it s okay that Antifa rioters threw M-80 s at people on the Trump side, her response was,  Well, the revolution isn t f*cking easy!  (This video was taken after she was hit) Apparently she was correct about one thing For anyone wondering what an  identiatrian  is, here is a screen shot from the Identity Evropa website:",0
18719,“NUTTY” NANCY PELOSI Refers To President Trump As “President Bush” For The Second Time Since Inauguration [VIDEO],"For the second time in a matter of weeks, progressive leftist Democrat Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi displayed what many believe can only be accredited to having a severe case of  Trump Derangement Syndrome.  While speaking to ABC s Jonathan Karl, Nancy confused the presidency of Donald Trump with George W. Bush for the second time since President Trump s inauguration.In an interview on Sunday with Jonathon Karl on ABC s This Week, Pelosi confused President Trump with President Bush, who she hated with vitriol for eight years. But as you can see in the short clip below, Pelosi immediately catches herself and then apologizes to former President Bush for the confusion, claiming to long for the days that he was president over the now dreaded Donald Trump.Even Jonathan Karl was stunned that Pelosi would remember George W. Bush with fondness considering the vitriol she threw his way for eight years. One has to wonder if Pelosi, who continues to be confused about who the current president is, is fit for office.  PolitistickHere s what Nancy had to say about President George W. Bush at the end of his term:Watch:",0
18720,“WHOSE STREETS?” NOT YOURS! NC Passes Law Shielding Drivers Who Hit Protesters Blocking Roads [VIDEO],"Soros paid protesters who blocked streets and created mass chaos in big cities cashed in before the election of President Trump. For the most part, when protesters blocked miles of traffic in large cities, law enforcement officers, who were also their target (thanks to another Soros-Obama effort) protected them from being unintentionally struck by vehicles on roads and highways they were blocking. Stories of people rushing to the hospital or trying to make it to work on time were circulating all over social media. Of course the mainstream media and leftist news sources were in collusion with Democrats in their efforts to threaten and shame Americans who dared to support Trump. They foolishly believed their violent and unlawful behavior would sway voters. In addition to putting people s lives in danger, In the end, Obama and George Soros  thugs turned a lot of people away from the polls, as many Democrat and independent voters didn t want to be tied to a party they no longer recognized.Watch protesters yell,  Whose streets? Our streets! :Just before the midnight curfew in #CLT the crowd is at the Square chanting. Doesn t look like they want to go home. #KeithScottA post shared by David Boraks (@davidboraks) on Sep 23, 2016 at 8:56pm PDTWatch anti-Trump Antifa terrorists take over major streets in DC chanting  Our streets! NC lawmakers are taking action to protect innocent drivers who encounter protesters who think jumping in front of traffic is a great way to protest. And oh yeah they re not your streets the streets belong to all Americans.WFAE   Stop me if you ve heard this one before. The North Carolina House has passed a bill that is sure to bring controversy.This measure shields drivers who hit protesters from lawsuits.Last year, in the wake of the killing of Keith Lamont Scott, protesters took over Charlotte city streets, even marching down sections of I-277 and I-85.The often chanted  Who s street? Our street! All this caught the attention of Republican Representative Justin Burr of Montgomery County.  As we ve seen, time and time again, as folks run out in the middle of the streets and the interstates in Charlotte and attempt to block traffic,  Burr said as he introduced the bill. He wants to ensure  drivers don t have to fear driving through Charlotte or anywhere in North Carolina. Now there are many ways this could be done.But Burr decided to go in a controversial direction with House Bill 330.He explains the bill this way,  provides that a person driving an automobile while exercising due care is immune for civil liability for any injury to another if the injured person was participating in a demonstration or protest and blocking traffic. Translation: a driver who hits, or even runs over, a protester on a street could be shielded from lawsuits by the person they injure.But Burr wanted to be clear on one point.  Now this bill does not allow for a driver of a vehicle to target protesters intentionally. That obviously is not the intention. Watch what happens here when protesters block a car that is on its way to St. Jude s Children s Hospital with a sick child: In other words, if you were trying to get from point A to point B and you just happen to hit a protester, or more, while driving through a demonstration, you would be protected from civil lawsuits. We all know this is being done to try to make a point about protests,  said Democrat Greg Meyer. He s just one of the lawmakers who saw a problem with this bill.  It is just going to embarrass us. There is no good reason to pass this bill. The bill has passed the North Carolina House. It now heads to the Senate. ",0
18721,TRANSGENDER ANTIFA THUG Starts To Burn American Flag…Pro-Trump Biker Gives Him Big Surprise [VIDEO],"Climate march s are happening all over America. Many of the same groups like Antifa who turned out to burn, riot and loot in Washington DC during Trump s inauguration and who ve been turning up in Berkeley, CA to shut down speech rights of conservatives came to show their disdain for America. A transgender man was caught lighting a small American flag on fire and holding it up like a small child at show-and-tell to share with his anti-American friends. He got a big surprise however, when a pro-Trump, pro-American biker caught a glimpse of the burning American flag.Watch video below:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/858700002654388224An Iowa City Press-Citizen photographer captured the incident in which Matt Uhrin used a fire extinguisher to put out the blaze before taking the flag from protesters. The demonstrators said they were protesting against what they call the Republican agenda, which includes positions on gay rights, civil rights and the controversial Bakken oil pipeline.Here is the video showing Matt Uhrin, an American hero, taking on a whole crowd of losers to defend our flag. It s hard not to shed a tear when you see how bravely he defended the honor of our US flag against this large group of degenerates who have no idea our flag stands for.Happening now: a confrontation on the ped mall as people burn an American flag as protest. pic.twitter.com/aPkMdls6oQ  Stephen GruberMiller (@sgrubermiller) January 26, 2017Police cited two protesters, Kelli Ebensberger, 21, of Iowa City, and Paul Osgerby, 23, of Ames, for open burning, which is a simple misdemeanor. ",0
18722,LOL! CROWD CHANTS “CNN Sucks” At Trump Rally While CNN Broadcasts Live [VIDEO],"President Trump skipped the White House Correspondents Dinner to hold a rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania instead. How could anyone blame him for wanting to be as far away from that group of piranhas as possible?President Donald Trump railed against the media at a rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, on Saturday, just as the annual White House Correspondents  Dinner was set to begin in Washington, DC.In case anyone was wondering if Trump had any facts to back up his assertion that he was and continues to be under siege by the media, he reminded the crowd of a recent poll from MRC:He then went on to mock the White House Correspondents  Dinner by reminding his audience who he chose not to spend his evening with: A large group of Hollywood actors and Washington media are consoling each other in a hotel ballroom in our nation s capital right now,  he said.  They are gathered together for the White House Correspondents  Dinner without the president. He continued:  And I could not possibly be more thrilled than to be 100 miles away from Washington s swamp, spending my evening with all of you and with a much, much larger crowd and much better people. He also proved that the American people who elected him have not grown any fonder or become more trusting of leftist attack dog media outlets like CNN and MSNBC. Watch as he mentions CNN during their live broadcast and the audience chants,  CNN sucks! https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/858500275916738560",0
18723,TRUMP DELIVERS BARN BURNER OF A SPEECH: “Media outlets like CNN and MSNBC are fake news” [Video],"President Trump skipped the White House Correspondents Dinner to hold a rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania He delivered a barn burner of a speech!President Donald Trump railed against the media at a rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, on Saturday, just as the annual White House Correspondents  Dinner was set to begin in Washington, DC. This was no mistake! A large group of Hollywood actors and Washington media are consoling each other in a hotel ballroom in our nation s capital right now,  he said.  They are gathered together for the White House Correspondents  Dinner without the president.  He continued:  And I could not possibly be more thrilled than to be 100 miles away from Washington s swamp, spending my evening with all of you and with a much, much larger crowd and much better people. Although presidents typically attend the White House Correspondents Dinner and deliver a monologue, Trump had announced in February he wouldn t participate.To raucous booing from the crowd, Trump trashed outlets such as CNN and MSNBC as  fake news  and called the wider Washington media elite  a disgrace.  He ripped the  totally failing New York Times,  which he said was getting gradually smaller and would soon  look like a comic book. The Washington media is part of the problem    President Trump",0
18724,CLIMATE MARCH LEFTY: “We’re under threat of flooding and can’t escape…in the Bronx?” [Video],"Climate change is full of lefty lingo but this guy takes it to a whole new level with his fear mongering over what he perceives will happen if the climate changes. You have to feel sorry for people like this Does he REALLY believe the BS he s spewing?REPORTER: Juan Rosa, he s wide awake. Juan, why is it important for you to be a part of today s march?PROTESTER: We re going to Washington today because we are front-line communities, Washington Heights, Harlem, the Bronx. We are communities where people don t have resources to escape if we have flooding or other issues caused by climate change. And we have an administration that is hostile to the science behind global warming, climate change and hostile to the regulations that were put in place to protect us from those effects. And we re going today to send a message that we are under threat and that we need action from our policymakers and our elected officials.CHECK OUT THESE BRAINWASHED LOONY LIBERALS:This is what years and years of lefty indoctrination will do!",0
18725,CAUGHT ON VIDEO: DELTA PILOT Smacks Fighting Woman During Deplaning In Atlanta [Video],"A video of two women fighting in the jetway and a Delta pilot smacking one of them was turned over to Delta management. They say they are taking the pilot s action  very seriously Please watch the video below and tell us what you think about this LANGUAGE ALERT ON THIS ONE!A Delta Air Lines pilot smacked a passenger who was fighting with another passenger at the Atlanta airport   and it was caught on video.We re told the incident went down sometime on April 21. The plane had just landed and the passengers were leaving the jetway when 2 women started fighting.The pilot appears and tries separating the women. He then grabs one of them by the arm and hits her. The pilot walks away as the women are still on the ground.LANGUAGE ALERT!A CLOSE UP OF THE FIGHT:A representative for Delta Air Lines made a statement regarding a pilot striking a passenger who was fighting with another passenger during deplaning in Atlanta, Georgia: We became aware of this incident and a video last week and immediately removed the pilot from duty while we completed a thorough investigation. Local law enforcement was called to respond at the time of the incident. The pilot has since been returned to work as our investigation found that his actions deescalated an altercation between passengers on the jetway floor during deplaning. We re told the women in the vid had gotten into a skirmish earlier, on the airplane, and they knew each other. They were eventually escorted away by a Delta employee, and as they were walking away, cops showed up. We re told neither of the women wanted to press charges against anyone.Read more: TMZ",0
18726,"COWARDLY BLACK BLOC THUG Dane Powell Pleads Guilty…Faces 6 Yrs In Prison For Rioting, Assaulting Police During Trump’s Inauguration [VIDEO]","Take note cowardly anti-American thugs, your Black Bloc brother will soon to be wearing orange for a very long time A Florida man with the radical  black bloc  protest network pleaded guilty Friday to felony rioting and assault for his role in the Inauguration Day chaos in Washington, D.C.Dane Powell, 31, of Tampa was the first to enter a guilty plea on felony charges brought against 212 protesters accused of rioting and vandalizing property during the Jan. 20 melee surrounding President Trump s swearing-in ceremony.Here s a photo of Dane Powell and friend Tracy Penokie posing for a picture that was posted on The Ybor City website on inauguration day in DC just before the activities  rioting began:Dane is seen again with a mega phone here and a  free Palestine  t-shirt with his friend Tracy:Scheduled to be sentenced July 7, he faces a possible six years in prison for breaking windows and throwing a  brick, large rock or piece of concrete  at officers after joining a mob of masked black bloc protesters who moved en masse across 16 blocks in about 30 minutes, according to the U.S. Attorney s Office.The plea was announced by U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia Channing D. Phillips and Peter Newsham, Metropolitan Police Department acting chief.Carrying hammers, crowbars, metal poles and wooden sticks, the self-described anarchists broke windows at a dozen businesses, including Starbucks, McDonald s and Bank of America; pulled newspaper stands and trash cans into the streets; spray-painted buildings, and shattered the windows of a police cruiser and limousine.WATCH this incredible video of Blac Block and Antifa anarchists in Washington DC during President Trump s inauguration:Federal prosecutors released a superseding indictment Thursday that brought additional felony counts against some defendants, including Powell, which brought an outcry from protesters. Washington Times",0
18727,BRAVE PRO-TRUMP REPORTER Grabs Microphone At Climate March…Tells Liberal Crowd To Chant “Bill Clinton Is A Rapist!” [Video],"A Conservative Reporter was brave enough to grab the mic at the Climate March and instruct people to yell  Bill Clinton is a rapist! Everybody raise ya fist Everybody raise ya fist Bill Clinton is a rapist Bill Clinton is a rapistThe crowd wasn t too happy! You ll see in the video below Props to Jack Posobiec! Grabbed the mic and trolled the #ClimateMarch into singing Bill Clinton is a Rapist Grabbed the mic and trolled the #ClimateMarch into singing Bill Clinton is a Rapist pic.twitter.com/E8kSzbtd4K  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) April 29, 2017",0
18728,NBC CORRESPONDENT Tells Panel Of Extremely BIASED Journalists: “Journalists Aren’t Biased”…Goes On To Totally Trash President Trump With Other BIASED News Hosts [VIDEO],"Watch as Katy Tur tries to hilariously convince the audience that the press doesn t have any biases:  If we have any bias, it s a bias towards the facts . She then goes on to convince the audience what a horrible human being Donald Trump is,  He didn t appeal to their better demons of voters in this country. He appealed to their most base fears and their most base frustrations and anger and that worked for him. Watch:During a news conference in July of 2016, NBC News correspondent Katy Tur asked Trump whether he has  any qualms about asking a foreign government   to hack into a system of anybody s in this country  after Trump said he hoped Russia would find more emails from Hillary Clinton or the DNC. Hey, you know what gives me more pause, that a person in our government, crooked Hillary Clinton   here s what gives me more pause,  Trump said, as Tur tried to ask follow-ups.  Be quiet, I know you want to, you know, save her. That a person in our government, Katy, would delete or get rid of 33,000 emails. That gives me a big problem. After she gets a subpoena. She gets subpoenaed, and she gets rid of 33,000 emails. That gives me a problem. Now, if Russia or China or any other country has those emails, I mean to be honest with you, I d love to see them. As Tur asked another question a few minutes later, mentioning Trump s poll numbers, Trump once again mocked her. Katy just said that, many polls show you are winning. Are you Katy Tur of NBC? It s a disguise,  he said.This is far from the first time Trump has picked on Tur. In June, Trump told  Fox & Friends  that his campaign  don t even let her in  or let people talk to her  because she s not a very good reporter. In December, Trump called out Tur in the middle of a rally, leading Trump supporters to point at her and boo.  Little Katy, third-rate journalist,  Trump said, as he complained about the news media.Watch candidate Trump tell Katy to  Be quiet : If you want to know why the press is obsessed with taking down Donald Trump, watch this video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymoGq82Mhjw",0
18729,WHY UNEDUCATED SOMALI REFUGEES Who Don’t Speak English Are Fleeing Arizona For Minnesota [VIDEO],"A few weeks ago, we reported on the first female Muslim legislator, Ilhan Omar, the 34-year-old Democrat community organizer who came to America as a refugee from Somalia. Ilhan was one of only two state legislators who voted to prevent Life Insurance companies from denying benefits to benefactors of terrorists who died committing an act of terror against Americans.Omar is also a vocal opponent of President Trump (see video here) and his plan to better vet refugees coming from nations that are terror hotbeds. It s not unrealistic that the largest Somali Muslim population in America will also become a hotbed for terror.On November 19, 2016 U.S. District Judge Michael Davis sent a clear message to America: There is a terrorist cell in Minneapolis and it is still alive today. In sentencing nine young Somali-Minnesotans on terror conspiracy charges this week, U.S. District Judge Michael Davis closed a chapter in the federal government s long, extraordinary investigation of ISIL recruitment in Minnesota.But the full story is far from over.Each day, Davis sought to extract acknowledgment from the young men that they were  terrorists,  and left no doubt as to his thoughts on whether they were simply misguided youths. Everyone talks about Brussels or Paris having cells,  Davis said one day, then, raising his voice:  We have a cell here in Minneapolis. Saying the Minnesota public had  danced around  the issue, Davis described the cell s size as being between nine to 20, including those sentenced last week and others killed abroad.  Star TribuneRefugee expert Ann Corcoran who owns the amazing Refugee Resettlement Watch website explores why Somali refugees are fleeing states like Arizona where they are being delivered by our government and heading for Minnesota? Corcoran asks: Why would they leave a climate more like home to move to the frigid north in droves?  All sorts of reasons are given in this article from the Phoenix New Times  -supposedly for jobs, to be with family members, Somali  community,  better welfare, but not mentioned is to build political power through numbers.  Minnesota will be the first state to push for aspects of Shariah Law to be put in place, in my opinion.Bilad Yusuf and her seven kids were on their way to Minnesota, less than two months after they arrived in Phoenix. We didn t know how to get jobs here, and even if we did, we didn t know how we d get to them,  she explained through an interpreter who translated from Somali to English.After waiting for six years in a refugee camp, Yusuf and her family arrived in the United States this winter amidst the chaos surrounding the Trump administration s attempt to block Somali immigrants like them from entering the country.Following a brief stop in Houston, they were transferred to Phoenix. There, stranded in the urban sprawl without a car, they found themselves lost: Where were they supposed to get groceries? How did they go about setting up long-overdue doctor s appointments? How would they pay rent after their initial stipend from the U.S. government ran out?The Somali Association of Arizona stepped in, providing groceries and setting up doctor s appointments for the refugees. But they couldn t do anything about the fact that the fact that with limited English and no training, Yusuf and her older children weren t qualified for many jobs.So, worried that her rent would be cut off soon, Yusuf ultimately decided they should move to Minnesota, where she, like virtually all Somalis, has family.Mukhtar Sheikh, the program coordinator for the Somali Association of Arizona, says that Yusuf s story is a common one.Between 1981 and 2017, Arizona took in 7,351 Somali refugees, according to Department of Economic Security statistics. But how many of those refugees actually stay in the state is another question.Sheikh estimates that as many as half the Somali refugees resettled in Arizona end up leaving   typically for Minnesota, or other parts of the country where there s a large Somali community   because they re unable to find jobs here. I think Arizona is able to do more for refugees, to be honest,  he says.  If Arizona invested in these families, it would actually benefit the state, because they re really hardworking. Contrary to popular belief, refugees who are resettled in Arizona receive relatively little financial assistance from the state. In fact, their main source of cash assistance is the federal government.But the biggest challenge is finding a job, he says. When he first arrived in Phoenix, he was able to find a job at Sky Harbor International Airport and work his way through ASU. Other Somalis have followed a similar path and found jobs at the airport. But many others have found that even jobs cleaning hotel rooms or washing dishes in a restaurant come with a requirement that applicants speak English   or, unofficially, Spanish. The people that struggle the most are people who have no educational background,  Sheikh says.  They re the people most in need, and they face the biggest hardships when coming here and trying to find opportunities here. Recently, he s gotten calls from recruiters working on behalf of Amazon warehouses in Minnesota and Kentucky, looking to hire managers who speak Somali in addition to English.Should American companies be actively recruiting non-English speaking, uneducated refugees for jobs in America? Why are the airports one of the first places newly transplanted refugees coming from terror hotbed nations are finding employment? Shouldn t we fix our broken welfare system instead of recruiting workers from overseas to do the jobs Americans won t do? That tells him that they re hiring a lot of Somali refugees who don t speak English yet, he says. He d like to see the same thing happen in Arizona, where, to his knowledge, only a handful of refugees have been able to get jobs at Amazon distribution centers.But, he acknowledges,  There s only only so much that one company can do. There has to be support from the state. The Department of Economic Security, which administers the Arizona Refugee Resettlement program, doesn t track where refugees end up once they stop receiving services from the state, director of communications Tasya Peterson says.So it s impossible to get an exact count of how many refugees have left for other states in search of better opportunities.But, Peterson adds: We do know that Somali refugees resettled in many states have relocated to live in cities in which the largest numbers of Somalis reside, including cities in Minnesota and Ohio, due to mutual assistance and other affinity relationships.   Phoenix New TimesFor residents of Minneapolis however, many are facing a new reality with the exploding Somali refugee population. In July 2015, we reported on a mob of 30 young Somali men who  raged  through an upscale neighborhood, yelling disparaging comments and threats against homeowners.A female resident of the neighborhood, obviously shaken in a TV interview, related how she was screamed at by a Somali man who threatened to kidnap and rape her. They were screaming at the house that they were going to kidnap you and they were going to rape you,  one Minneapolis resident told KSTP TV.  It was a very traumatizing experience. Somalis living in Minneapolis are almost all Sunni Muslims, and residents of the Lake Calhoun area say this isn t the first time a group of Somali men has made an intimidating march through their neighborhood, which is filled with million-dollar homes.Here is the shocking and disturbing video taken by the homeowner who reported the incident. For the entire story, click HERE: ",0
18730,POCAHONTAS WARREN Wants GOP’s Scalp…Tells Crowd She’d Like To “Cut Open Republicans” [VIDEO],"The woman who wants to be the next Democrat candidate for president is doing exactly what Democrats do best these days, expressing their desire to harm anyone who holds an opposing political view. Oh, we know fake indian and US Senator Elizabeth Warren was only kidding when she told a crowd that she would like to  cut the Republicans open . After all, she s just pandering to her base. Isn t that how the majority of Democrats operate these days? Trash Trump suggest violence against his supporters then talk about how intolerant Republicans are.In a discussion about the repeal of Obamacare, Democrat Elizabeth Warren (who is famous for lying on her application to Harvard and University of Pennsylvania about having Cherokee and Delaware Indian heritage) mocked the Republicans attempt at offering Americans a better option than the horribly failed government controlled health care that Warren voted to support. I hope they leave their bodies to science. I would like to cut them open,  Warren said during an event in Chicago on Saturday. God, what planet do they live on?  Warren asked, before sharing her wish to cut open their bodies.Warren then told the crowd she hoped Republicans donated their bodies to science so she could  cut them open  when they died.Ladies and Gentlemen Introducing the the first  Native American  presidential candidate for 2020 The future face of the Democrat Party LOL!",0
18731,MA: ILLEGAL ALIEN Accused Of Running $1.5 Million Food Stamp Scam Cuts GPS Bracelet…Manhunt Underway,"State police are searching for fugitive accused of running a million-dollar food stamp scam after they say he cut off his court-ordered GPS monitoring bracelet and went on the run just as his high-profile fraud and money laundering trial was set to begin.Martin B. Santiago, 49, of the Dominican Republic was slated to go to trial yesterday. But when he didn t show up to court, state police say investigators realized he had  forcibly removed  the monitoring device about 6 a.m.Santiago was set to go before a jury for his alleged involvement in a $1.5 million scheme to fraudulently sell food stamps and launder money through his three stores in Lawrence. State police say Santiago was arrested for the scam in June 2015 and had been wearing an ankle bracelet while awaiting trial after posting $75,000 cash bail.Authorities are now turning to the public for help finding Santiago, who they describe as a 5-foot, 11-inch Hispanic man weighing about 190 pounds with black hair and brown eyes. State police say Santiago   who is fluent in Spanish and has also gone by Mark Santiago and Martin Billone Santiago   has ties to the Lawrence and Methuen areas.",0
18732,"HE’S BACK! He’s Got Investors Putting Up $12 MILLION And Plans To Make “Liberal Professors, Journalists Lives A Living Hell”","From the Vanity Fair article: Milo Yiannopoulos, the former tech editor at Breitbart, has made political provocations, often deeply offensive ones, a business model. But his career seemed to come crashing down in recent months when one of his speaking appearances, at the University of California, Berkeley, led to riots. Weeks later, videos emerged of Yiannopoulos seeming to condone pedophilia. ( I do not support pedophilia. Period. It is a vile and disgusting crime, perhaps the very worst,  Yiannopoulos said in a statement on Facebook at the time.)Yet his allies turned on him. Yiannopoulos was subsequently forced out of Breitbart in disgrace. The American Conservative Union disinvited him from CPAC, and Simon & Schuster canceled a six-figure book deal.But as the free-speech conflagration he ignited at Berkeley continues to burn, Yiannopoulos is planning a way back in. Days after releasing a video touting his return to the campus, Yiannopoulos told the Hive that he would be launching a new media venture in the coming weeks with what he says is a $12 million investment from backers whose identities he is protecting. (Yiannopoulos showed me a page from the contract with the investors  names blacked out.) Another person involved with the company, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, was similarly secretive:  Milo has the best instincts about these things,  he said.The business, which will be called Milo Inc., will be even more focused on stoking the sort of ugly political conflict that s closer to the surface of what can be best described as corporatized trolling via live entertainment, with Yiannopoulos and his investors hosting events featuring right-wing talent.  The business of Madonna became touring,  said Yiannopoulos in a phone interview, citing the artist s deal with Live Nation.  I m doing the same thing, but instead of signing up with Live Nation, I m building one. I m building it for libertarian and conservative comedians, writers, stand-up comics, intellectuals, you name it. This video pretty much sums up the truth about Milo and his free-speech rights being shut down by violent leftists:Milo Inc. s first event will be a return to the town that erupted in riots when he was invited to speak earlier this year. In fact, Yiannopoulos said that he is planning a  week-long celebration of free speech  near U.C. Berkeley, where a speech by his fellow campus agitator, Ann Coulter, was recently canceled after threats of violence. It will culminate in his bestowing something called the Mario Savio Award for Free Speech. (The son of Savio, one of the leaders of Berkeley s Free Speech movement during the mid-1960s, called the award  some kind of sick joke .)For the entire article: Vanity Fair ",0
18733,COLLEGE STUDENTS EXPRESS DISGUST In Trump’s “First 100 Days”…Until They Find Out Interviewer Was Talking About Obama [VIDEO],"Campus Reform   Saturday will mark Donald Trump s 100th day in office, an important milestone for U.S. presidents ever since the flurry of panicked failings with which Franklin Roosevelt began his administration.While supporters of President Trump point to his slew of executive orders and the confirmation of Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch as markers of his success, detractors claim Mr. Trump has accomplished very little since taking office.Throughout the year, Campus Reform has shown how liberal professors and students across America have been quick to oppose the President s actions often without understanding important details about them.Hoping to tease out whether such reflexive opposition to Trump is based on policy disagreements or simply distaste for Trump himself, Campus Reform headed to George Mason University to ask students their opinions about the first 100 days.Watch George Mason student s reactions to questions that are actually about things Barack Obama did while in office, as the interviewer poses them as things President Trump accomplished: ",0
18734,GUY WHO MADE MILLIONS Selling “Science” To Kids Suggests U.S. Adopt Policy To Eliminate Kids To Save Earth [VIDEO],"William Stanford Nye or Bill Nye is an American comedian, actor, writer and science educator. Bill Nye initially started working as a mechanical engineer and later turned to hosting television shows. Bill Nye has a net worth of $6.5 Million.He has acquired his wealth and fame mainly because of the television show  Bill Nye the Science Guy  that was produced jointly by Disney and PBS. The show aired for almost four years. It was aired first in 1993, and it continued till late 1998.Nye also attended Sidwell Friends in DC, the same elite private prep school as the Obama girls. Nye was honored with a doctorate by the Johns Hopkins University, and he also received an Honorary Doctor of Science Degree in 2011 from the Willamette University.The American Mirror  Bill Nye the  science guy  is gaining a new reputation as Bill Nye the  eugenics guys  after a recent episode on this Netflix show  Bill Nye Saves The World. Nye tackled the subject of overpopulation during the show s season finale on Tuesday, and hosted a panel discussion that included the question:  Should we have policies that penalize people for having extra is in the developed world? Nye, a high-profile climate change activist, posed the question after panelist Travis Reider of Johns Hopkins University alleged that  the average Nigerian emits .1 metric tons of carbon annually.Watch:https://youtu.be/eHmtn6gAioQThe Nazi s also believed in killing children to further their cause. It s actually called  eugenics :  From 1933 to 1945, Nazi Germany carried out a campaign to  cleanse  German society of individuals viewed as biological threats to the nation s  health.  Enlisting the help of physicians and medically trained geneticists, psychiatrists, and anthropologists, the Nazis developed racial health policies that began with the mass sterilization of  genetically diseased  persons and ended with the near annihilation of European Jewry. With the patina of legitimacy provided by  racial  science experts, the Nazi regime carried out a program of approximately 400,000 forced sterilizations and over 275,000 euthanasia deaths that found its most radical manifestation in the death of millions of  racial  enemies in the Holocaust.Rachel Snow, chief of population development for the United Nations, intervened. I would take issue with the idea that we do anything to incentivize fewer children or more child.   It s justice and human rights,  she said.  People should have the number of children they want and the timing of children and if some families have five or six children, God bless them, I mean, that s fine. But most people end up with fewer. Another panelist, Montefiore Medical Center director of family planning Nerys Benfield, pointed out that poor and minority women would be disproportionately impacted by policies that penalize parents for  extra kids. These people, in the name of  climate change,  are beginning to sound an awful lot like the eugenicists of the early 20th century,  DanJanTube posted in the comments of a YouTube clip of the show.  Disturbing. Others attacked Nye and Netflix on Twitter. This might be the darkest show Netflix has ever streamed,  Chris Morgan tweeted.",0
18735,WATCH: BIKERS FOR TRUMP Ready To Take A Stand Against Antifa Thugs: “Twinkle Toes and Butter Cups” [Video],"Bikers for Trump leader Chris Cox spoke with FOX s Stuart Varney regarding the shut down of Ann Coulter s speech at the University of California Berkeley:The Bikers for Trump leader Chris Cox is now ready to take action on the University of California Berkeley after conservative commentator Ann Coulter cancelled her speech on the campus Thursday:  We are certainly not looking for a fight  We are here on the defense, not the offense Cox met with Berkeley police to discuss their plan of action going forward. He made great points about the need for law and order over violence: From what I understand, any rumors that they ve been told to stand down will be squashed today. They are not going to allow this disobedience, they are not going to allow the ski masks we ve been seeing around the country, so we still have a presence here at Berkeley today. We don t want to do anything that is going to give us a public relations black eye. We ve stayed within the framework of the law and I intend that protesters will continue to stay within the framework of the law   I DIDN T SEE AN UPSIDE IN COMING TO BERKELY AND STANDING TOE TO TOE WITH TWINKLE TOES AND BUTTER CUPS ",0
18736,LAURA INGRAHAM’S Brilliant Idea On How To Shake Up Liberal College Campuses [Video],"Laura Ingraham and Sean Hannity are hysterical! During an interview about free speech, they discuss a tour of liberal college campuses BRILLIANT!TUCKER CARLSON JUST HAD A PROFESSOR ON HIS SHOW WHO BELIEVES IN SHUTTING DOWN FREE SPEECH: Last night on the Tucker Carlson Tonight show, Tucker debated a loony leftist English professor at Colby college wrote a piece in the New Republic where he essentially argued that it s okay for colleges to shut down free speech on their campuses based on  value judgments  the colleges make about the speakers.  From Hanlon s piece in the New Republic:Rejecting campus speakers is not an assault on free speech. Rather, like so many other decisions made every day by college students, teachers, and administrators, it s a value judgment.Aaron Hanlon of Colby College in Maine said on  Tucker Carlson Tonight  that Ann Coulter does not meet the  standards for speakers  that should be invited to campus.Hanlon said he was personally  very speech-permissive  but that colleges should be able to make judgments based on a speaker s value  but not their ideology  before allowing them to speak.Carlson asked Hanlon to name one speaker who was disallowed on campus due to a liberal viewpoint under that rule.   FOXDuring the exchange between Tucker Carlson and leftist professor, Tucker attempts to wrap his mind around what he s actually hearing Hanlon is saying. At one point, Carlson is so stunned by the professor s attempts to justify the shutting down of free speech on college campuses simply because you don t agree with them, that he actually breaks out into laughter. Tucker is visibly stunned by the responses to his questions about the removal of free speech from campuses, as this Colby English professor unashamedly argues that fascism should be acceptable on college campuses. Carlson asks Hanlon,  Can you hear yourself? You re a college professor and you re against intellectual debate that s deliberately provocative. Watch the insane exchange here:",0
18737,ANOTHER NAIL IN DEM PARTY’S COFFIN: Trump Opens Line To Help Victims Of Crimes By Illegal Aliens…Left Mocks Victims…Shuts Down Line,"Because what s funnier than tying up the lines for parents who ve lost children to violent crimes by someone who entered our country illegally? Kate Steinle s parents are probably not laughing.The centrepiece is a new hotline that victims can call for support and assistance. It was set up under the authority of an executive order on immigration from President Trump in January.People began making clear exactly what people should not be using the line for.But others noted the hotline was launched on Alien Day (a yearly promotional day backed by the Alien film franchise s producers).And soon, people inevitably said they were beginning to call the hotline to report  criminal alien  activity of a different kind than that envisioned by Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly.He said at the launch of VOICE on Wednesday that the victims were  unique, and too often ignored . They are casualties of crimes that should never have taken place,  he said.  Because the people who victimised them often times should not have been in the country in the first place. It s unclear how many people actually placed calls to the hotline, and several Twitter users reported long wait times to get through. But the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency suggested it had impacted their service. There are certainly more constructive ways to make one s opinions heard than to prevent legitimate victims of crime from receiving the information and resources they seek because the lines are tied up by hoax callers,  a spokesperson told Buzzfeed News.  BBC ",0
18738,POPULAR YOUTUBE PERSONALITY Goes Undercover With Violent Cowardly Antifa Terrorists…”Antifa Women Are The DOMINANT Ones” [VIDEO],"Tim Poole is citizen journalist who s done some really important work exposing Antifa, Black Bloc and the violent non-profit group By Any Means Necessary (BAMN). He sits down with popular Youtube personality Joey Salads who went undercover with Antifa in Berkeley, CA during the riots on April 15th to explore what he found.One of the most interesting observations Salads makes is that the  Women are the dominant ones in the group  and that they  mostly control everything. Considering how many cowardly men are walking around with masks over their faces while they grab one person from the free-speech side into their crowd, so the entire group could brutally beat one person with no interference from the other side, it shouldn t surprise anyone that the women are the aggressors.Salads also points out that the Antifa members  aren t too smart.  They talk about the bike groups he saw and how they use the bikes to wall themselves off. Salads also confirms Antifa members were throwing rocks, bottles and M-80 s into the crowd.Tim Pool frequently calls the Trump supporters the  alt-right  which according to the left (who made up the term to disparage Trump supporters) means that they are  racists . Pool asks Salads if he believed any of the people who Antifa were attacking were  racists ? Salads told him that while he did see a few racists at the event that it was a free-speech rally and that while most of the people were Trump supporters, the rally was about  free-speech  and that the point of free-speech in America is not about whether or not you agree with what the other person saying, but about their right to express their feelings and thoughts.Watch here:Here is Salad s video showing what he saw while he went undercover in Berkeley with Antifa on April 15th:Berkeley middle school teacher Yvette Felarca, a national organizer for militant left-wing activist group By Any Means Necessary (BAMN), is clearly the aggressor in their group. Watch her interview with Tucker Carlson: ",0
18739,UNREAL! NEW YORK TIMES Blames Conservatives For Berkeley Violence…Watch This Video For The Truth! [Video],"Typical! The New York Times tries to blame conservatives for the violence TOTALLY caused by the Antifa thugs. Why does this not surprise us? Leave it to the left to twist and turn the truth to fit their narrative.The New York Times wrote:  conservatives are eagerly putting themselves into volatile situations on campuses Watch this video and then tell us the Conservatives are to blame   NO WAY, NO HOW!MORE PROOF THAT ANTIFA THUGS ARE TO BLAME FOR VIOLENCE: The irony in this entire cancellation of a tradition in Portland, Oregon is that now the Antifa (Anti Fascists) have pissed off the more moderate lefties. One group was going to speak at the parade event against white supremacy but now they won t get the chance. It s turning out that the Antifa group is more violent than any other radical group we ve known. They re even selling knives on their website! A threatening email has derailed one of the Portland Rose Festival s signature events, and spurred new debate about the ongoing political protests in Portland.Organizers of the 82nd Avenue of Roses Parade announced Tuesday that the event will be canceled, for fear that the east Portland parade could be disrupted by  the type of riots which happen in downtown Portland.  (see video below)Originally scheduled this Saturday, April 29, the parade is meant to highlight the local community and businesses along Southeast 82nd Avenue, aiming to turn around the negative perception many people have of the area. It started in 2007 and has since become a popular event on the Rose Festival calendar.This year s parade was once again set to feature the Multnomah County Republican Party as one of the many groups slated to march, but that inclusion drew ire from some of the city s left-leaning protest groups.At least two protests were planned for the day of the parade, one by Oregon Students Empowered and another by Direct Action Alliance. Both events were mentioned in an email sent to parade organizers on Saturday, threatening to shut down the event with hundreds of protesters in the street. You have seen how much power we have downtown and that the police cannot stop us from shutting down roads so please consider your decision wisely,  the anonymous email said, telling organizers they could cancel the Republican group s registration or else face action from protesters.  This is non-negotiable. The parade is organized by the 82nd Avenue of Roses Business Association, a part of the neighborhood business organization Venture Portland. Representatives from neither organization returned calls for comment.The cancelation isn t necessarily a win for the protest groups. Jacob Bureros, an organizer with the Direct Action Alliance, said the organization   which intended to speak out against fascism and white supremacy during the parade   is sad to hear the news. We are disappointed that the parade was canceled,  he said.  We re members of this community and this is an awesome parade. James Buchal, chairman of the Multnomah County Republican Party, said his group was ready to march despite the protesters. He said the party had no hand in cancelling the event, and was taken by surprise when they heard the news. After seeing the email last weekend, they had no plans to back out. We weren t willing to just walk away quietly,  he said.  The next thing we knew the whole thing was canceled. The problem is the police said they couldn t offer additional security for the parade so the organizers backed out. We know the Portland Police Department can move to stop this type of activity.Check out this recent shut down of protesters blocking a bus in downtown Portland:Portland protesters were doing the usual idiotic tactic of blocking the street and not letting traffic proceed What they didn t realize is that the police aren t taking this anymore Watch the takedown of these punks Awesome!Check out the lady with the thumbs up! Haha!Read more: Oregon Live",0
18740,BOOM! FIRST ANTIFA Coward ARRESTED For Not Removing His Mask…Berkeley Cops NOT Standing Down At Free-Speech Rally [VIDEO],"The video below is an excellent summary of what was reported by citizen journalists who attended the rally. Gavin McGinnis made his announcement on Twitter with a Youtube video (language warning):The morons have arrived. #BerkeleyProtest #DeportAntifa pic.twitter.com/lI4pQA4zlG  The Columbia Bugle (@ColumbiaBugle) April 27, 2017https://twitter.com/Forever_Lucid/status/857686377818968070Here s a video of the first protester coward arrested for refusing to remove his mask.https://twitter.com/TheSaintPepe/status/857680259549974528Here is a LIVE stream provided by citizen journalist Tim Pool:Citizen journalist extraordinaire Lauren Southern, who is one of the scheduled speakers at the event is also live-streaming from the event. Click below to watch LIVE stream:Free speech rally https://t.co/if28BnBmmw  Lauren Southern (@Lauren_Southern) April 27, 2017Southern explains why she won t back down from free-speech rally.  Cancelling sends a message that violence works :Cancelling sends the message that violence works. This is why I'll be at MLK park tomorrow @ 2pm w/ @Gavin_McInnes & more. pic.twitter.com/zuiVV3AeH7  Lauren Southern (@Lauren_Southern) April 27, 2017",0
18741,MYSTERY SURROUNDS Funding For Take Down Of Historic Confederate Monuments…New Orleans Mayor Refuses To Tell,"The mayor of New Orleans is being evasive on who funded the removal of 4 statues in the heart of the city. He s also not responding to questions on when the remaining 3 statues will be taken down and what he plans on doing with them.Who is funding the removal? Shouldn t the citizens know? Do the citizens of New orleans not have a say in any of this?Here s the latest:NEW ORLEANS   Just hours after crews working for the city of New Orleans removed the Liberty Place Monument, Mayor Mitch Landrieu was asked repeatedly where the money came from to pay for the removal and who s paying to take down the other three confederate-era monuments of Robert E. Lee, Jefferson Davis and General P.G.T. Beauregard.The mayor would only say,  We have enough funding to take down all four monuments. City spokesman Tyronne Walker offered this clarification. Due to the widely-known intimidation, threats and reported violence to contractors and employees, safety concerns have been great and donors will remain anonymous. That is the safe and responsible thing to do. Some people  want to know what s next for the city-owned monuments. Crews took the Liberty Place statue to a city warehouse, not far from the Superdome. Kurt Buchert from Save our Circle, a pro-monument group is asking for transparency from the mayor. The mayor is saying they should be in a museum one day,  Buchert said.  That s a very vague statement. They could go sit in a warehouse for 100 years and then be put in a museum when all of us are dead. Political Analyst Clancy DuBos says the mayor should reveal his plans for the statues. I think the burden is on the mayor to bring this to a close,  DuBos said.  He needs to come up with a plan and say he s what s going to happen with these statues. The council should have some input. The public should have some input. One of the other things the mayor isn t revealing at this time is when the rest of the monuments will be removed.He would only say they would be taken down in a similar manner to the Liberty Place statue,  sooner rather than later. Mayor Mitch Landrieu in a statement Monday declared: The removal of these statues sends a clear and unequivocal message to the people of New Orleans and the nation: New Orleans celebrates our diversity, inclusion and tolerance. This is not about politics, blame or retaliation. This is not a na ve quest to solve all our problems at once. This is about showing the whole world that we as a city and as a people are able to acknowledge, understand, reconcile  ..and most importantly choose a better future. Diversity, Inclusion and Tolerance?New Orleans is one of the unique cities in America. Because of its location, its culture and its commerce, it became one of the important players in the making of early America. The site of two great battles of American History. Had New Orleans not fallen in the Civil War, that conflict would have continued on for years. That IS a large part it s it s rich history ",0
18742,NON-PROFIT VIOLENT Berkeley BAMN Leader Surprised When Tables Are Turned On Him During Interview [VIDEO],"Tucker Carlson took on Yvette Felarca, a middle school teacher and national organizer for By Any Means Necessary, a militant left-wing activist group.Felarca, who helped organize the protests are UC-Berkeley is calling for similar protests at universities across the country when there are guest speakers she believes are  fascists. https://youtu.be/uuWoQfZgW7MHere is how the NON-PROFIT organization uses violence to shut down free speech. Listen to middle school teacher and national BAMN organizer tell the reporter they have a  right  to use violence against anyone who has an opposing view: ",0
18743,TUCKER CARLSON Embarrasses Colby Professor Who Says Colleges SHOULD Be Able To Shut Down Free Speech [VIDEO],"From Hanlon s piece in the New Republic:Rejecting campus speakers is not an assault on free speech. Rather, like so many other decisions made every day by college students, teachers, and administrators, it s a value judgment.Aaron Hanlon of Colby College in Maine said on  Tucker Carlson Tonight  that Ann Coulter does not meet the  standards for speakers  that should be invited to campus.Hanlon said he was personally  very speech-permissive  but that colleges should be able to make judgments based on a speaker s value  but not their ideology  before allowing them to speak.Carlson asked Hanlon to name one speaker who was disallowed on campus due to a liberal viewpoint under that rule.   FOXDuring the exchange between Tucker Carlson and leftist professor, Tucker attempts to wrap his mind around what he s actually hearing Hanlon is saying. At one point, Carlson is so stunned by the professor s attempts to justify the shutting down of free speech on college campuses simply because you don t agree with them, that he actually breaks out into laughter. Tucker is visibly stunned by the responses to his questions about the removal of free speech from campuses, as this Colby English professor unashamedly argues that fascism should be acceptable on college campuses. Carlson asks Hanlon,  Can you hear yourself? You re a college professor and you re against intellectual debate that s deliberately provocative. Watch the insane exchange here:",0
18744,NOT OBAMA’S DOJ: FEDS Going After Huma Abedin’s Corrupt Family Member With Ties To Clinton Foundation,"In fact, the U.S. Justice Department has been actively prosecuting two other Abedin family members   for conspiracy, wire fraud and securities fraud   and she along with the State Department, where she previously worked for Clinton, are mentioned in the federal case, court records show.Other documents reveal the same allegedly crooked kin solicited Abedin for help at State in a deal that netted more than $1.2 million in federal grants.These undesirable family connections, revealed here for the first time, raise fresh questions about influence peddling at the State Department under Clinton, who is now reportedly working with Abedin on a political comeback.Abedin s relatives were major donors to the Clinton Foundation. And Abedin drew a salary from the Clinton Foundation, while at the same time working for the government.Records show that her first cousin, Omar Amanat, is under federal indictment for cheating investors in Kit Digital Inc. of millions of dollars between 2009 and 2012, forcing the tech start-up to go bankrupt in 2013. He has been placed under house arrest as he awaits trial, which is scheduled for Oct. 2.Prosecutors say Omar Amanat illegally diverted millions of dollars from investments in Kit Digital  for his personal use,  including  luxury properties in Manhattan.  He  never disclosed these misappropriations to investors,  who were misled about the value of the company by false balance sheets. He has pleaded not guilty.Recent letters, Part 1 and Part 2 here, from attorneys for Omar and another co-defendant asking the judge to ease their detention reveal that Omar once warned Huma while she was at the State Department that she and other family members were under threat of being  hurt  by  special collection agents  trying to recover stolen funds. Court exhibits reveal that Omar was worried about Huma s safety and contacted the State Department to make her  aware of this incident. Moreover, Kit Digital appears in State Department emails sent to Abedin from Amanat and a business partner. In June 2009, not long after starting Kit Digital and just months after his cousin was named deputy chief of staff to Secretary of State Clinton, Amanat helped his business partner solicit Abedin for State favors on behalf of Soliya Inc., which was in partnership with Kit Digital. Summit Entertainment, a film company Amanat held a controlling stake in at the time, also stood to benefit. Thanks for getting in touch. Would love to arrange a meeting,  Abedin replied in a June 23, 2009, email to Amanat and Shamil Idriss, who heads New York-based Soliya Inc.Amanat took KIT Digital public in August 2009.At the time, Amanat, known as a  serial swindler,  was in personal bankruptcy and being sued by other investors. Despite his reputation, he still managed to gain special access to the government thanks to his ties to his well-positioned cousin and the Clinton Foundation.Records show that Amanat and several other family members and related charities have together donated as much as $1.2 million to the Clinton Foundation and Clinton Global Initiative, as well as the Clinton Health Access Initiative.Amanat, who personally contributed as much as $25,000 to the Clinton Foundation, was appointed to the Council on Foreign Relations during the time that Hillary Clinton was serving as secretary of state.While the FBI has closed its espionage investigation into Clinton s unsecured private email server, its public corruption investigation into the Clinton Foundation remains open. It s not clear if this still-active probe overlaps with the Amanat fraud investigation. However, investigators reportedly continue to look into alleged  pay-for-play  schemes involving the Clinton State Department and the Clinton Foundation and its wealthy donors, as well as entities that paid the Clintons millions of dollars in speaking fees.Judicial Watch and other government watchdog groups have charged that the Clinton Foundation was a pay-for-play operation that rewarded its benefactors with State Department favors.Meanwhile, Abedin s estranged husband, former Democratic U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner, remains under federal investigation for child pornography.Omar and Huma, who are related through their mothers, who are sisters, have also maintained a long and close-knit relationship.Property and financial records show that in 1999, when Huma was in Washington working as a White House aide to then-first lady Clinton, Omar used her D.C. condo as one of the addresses for another of his start-ups, Tradescape Corp.After Omar Amanat sold Tradescape to E-Trade in 2002 for $100 million in stock, he started the Amanat Family Support Trust, which names cousins as well as immediate family members as beneficiaries   meaning Huma Abedin would stand to benefit from his family trust.Read entire story here  WND",0
18745,FAR-LEFT AUSTRIAN PRESIDENT: “We must ask all women to wear a headscarf”…You Won’t Believe Why! [Video],"Austria s President really said this! During a talk with students, the president said if  rampant Islamophobia continues, there will come a day when we must ask all women to wear a headscarf   all of them!   out of solidarity towards those who do it for religious reasons .While the president in Austria has little influence over Austrian policy, this is a very symbolic move by the president. It could be in response to the banning of the headscarf in Austria just last month. Legislation was put in place to ban the burqa causing protests from Muslim women who called the government  Islamophobic .Here s a take on what the president said from an Austrian   Language alert!",0
18746,WHAT IS BLACK PRIVILEGE? [Video], Black privilege is being able to take pride in your race without fear of persecution. Watch:,0
18747,Joe Scarborough BERATES Mika Brzezinski Over “Cheap Shot” At Ivanka Trump: “You don’t have to be so snotty!” [VIDEO], ,0
18748,JUDGE NAPOLITANO: “We Are in Danger of Losing Free Speech” After Berkeley Travesty," The protesters win by scaring people into silence which is known in the law as  the heckler s veto.  when the hecklers scream so loudly, or in this case advertised their intention to scream that the speaker can t speak. When this happens on property owned by the government  a prima fascia case has been made  I m afraid we are in danger of losing free speech.    JUDGE NAPOLITANOThis is what happened when pro-Trump supporters held a peaceful rally in Berkeley:THE BIRTHPLACE OF FREE SPEECH IS NOW OFFICIALLY A PLACE OF OPPRESSION Berkeley students came together to shut down the free speech rights of gay, conservative activist Milo Yiannopoulis in February. Students violently attacked fellow students who tried to attend Milo s scheduled speech, random fires were lit, windows were broken and rocks were thrown. Using violence, threats and intimidation to shut down opposing views is not only un-American it should be illegal. But we re not talking about just any college or city in America, we re talking about UC Berkeley, the former home of free-speech UC Berkeley has now banned conservative commentator and author Ann Coulter, citing security threats.According to Young America s Foundation, student organizers of an upcoming Ann Coulter event at the university were emailed by Berkeley administrators who claimed they were unable to  find a safe suitable venue  for Coulter. UC-Berkeley, a publicly-funded university, first imposed a series of ridiculous requirements on the speech allegedly in the name of  safety.  Coulter, we were informed, would be required to deliver her speech in the afternoon; only students would be allowed to attend; and the speech location would not be announced until close to the event,  they continued.  Against our advice, Coulter agreed to all these requirements. In return, she requested two measures, which actually had something to do with safety. This is as clear-cut a case as it gets that public universities are using taxpayer dollars to shut down conservative speech, while allowing liberal speech only,  Young America s Foundation proclaimed.  UC-Berkeley has for example, welcomed the corrupt former President of Mexico, Vicente Fox, who has cursed at and mocked Donald Trump, currently the President of the United States. The university, and U-C chancellor Janet Napolitano personally, have revealed themselves to be using taxpayer money for an unconstitutional purpose. Even after Coulter went along with their ruses and guises to shut down her speech, they simply announced, like Kim Jung Un, that it was cancelled. We have no intention of acceding to these unconstitutional acts,  the organization concluded.  The Ann Coulter lecture sponsored by Young America s Foundation will go forward. Ron Robinson, the President of Young America s Foundation, further declared in a quote that  Berkeley disappoints anyone who really believes in free speech. Their actions to ban conservatives while giving leftists a platform reinforces this fact,  Robinson claimed.  It s a shame that Berkeley is robbing its students of the opportunity to receive a well-rounded education.   Breitbart ",0
18749,TOWN’S PARADE CANCELED After Violent Antifa Radicals Threatened To Destroy And Attack,"The irony in this entire cancellation of a tradition in Portland, Oregon is that now the Antifa (Anti Fascists) have pissed off the more moderate lefties. One group was going to speak at the parade event against white supremacy but now they won t get the chance. It s turning out that the Antifa group is more violent than any other radical group we ve known. They re even selling knives on their website!  A threatening email has derailed one of the Portland Rose Festival s signature events, and spurred new debate about the ongoing political protests in Portland.Organizers of the 82nd Avenue of Roses Parade announced Tuesday that the event will be canceled, for fear that the east Portland parade could be disrupted by  the type of riots which happen in downtown Portland.  (see video below)Originally scheduled this Saturday, April 29, the parade is meant to highlight the local community and businesses along Southeast 82nd Avenue, aiming to turn around the negative perception many people have of the area. It started in 2007 and has since become a popular event on the Rose Festival calendar.This year s parade was once again set to feature the Multnomah County Republican Party as one of the many groups slated to march, but that inclusion drew ire from some of the city s left-leaning protest groups.At least two protests were planned for the day of the parade, one by Oregon Students Empowered and another by Direct Action Alliance. Both events were mentioned in an email sent to parade organizers on Saturday, threatening to shut down the event with hundreds of protesters in the street. You have seen how much power we have downtown and that the police cannot stop us from shutting down roads so please consider your decision wisely,  the anonymous email said, telling organizers they could cancel the Republican group s registration or else face action from protesters.  This is non-negotiable. The parade is organized by the 82nd Avenue of Roses Business Association, a part of the neighborhood business organization Venture Portland. Representatives from neither organization returned calls for comment.The cancelation isn t necessarily a win for the protest groups. Jacob Bureros, an organizer with the Direct Action Alliance, said the organization   which intended to speak out against fascism and white supremacy during the parade   is sad to hear the news. We are disappointed that the parade was canceled,  he said.  We re members of this community and this is an awesome parade. James Buchal, chairman of the Multnomah County Republican Party, said his group was ready to march despite the protesters. He said the party had no hand in cancelling the event, and was taken by surprise when they heard the news. After seeing the email last weekend, they had no plans to back out. We weren t willing to just walk away quietly,  he said.  The next thing we knew the whole thing was canceled. The problem is the police said they couldn t offer additional security for the parade so the organizers backed out. We know the Portland Police Department can move to stop this type of activity.Check out this recent shut down of protesters blocking a bus in downtown Portland:Portland protesters were doing the usual idiotic tactic of blocking the street and not letting traffic proceed What they didn t realize is that the police aren t taking this anymore Watch the takedown of these punks Awesome!Check out the lady with the thumbs up! Haha! Read more: Oregon Live",0
18750,RUSH LIMBAUGH FURIOUS Trump Is Allowing “Loser” Democrats To Use Threat Of Government Shut Down To Thwart Funding For Wall [LISTEN],"The Trump administration had proposed $1 billion for the wall in a spending bill, which if passed by Congress and signed into will by Friday, will prevent a government shutdown.However, Democrats have said they would not vote for a bill that included such funding, and reportedly the White House has backed off of its push for that funding because of it.Limbaugh warned against caving to Democrats out of fear that Republicans would be blamed for the shutdown and insisted if there were such a cave this go-around, Democrats would use similar tactics against the White House and congressional Republicans in the future.Go HERE for the audio clip of Rush Limbaugh s show where he discusses funding for the wall and the Democrat threat of a government shut down.Transcript as follows:I m not happy to have to pass this on. I m very, very trouble to have to pass this on. And I want to say at the outset that I hope my interpretation is wrong and I hope this is not the case but it looks like from here, right here, right now   it looks like President Trump is caving on his demand for a measly $1 billion from the budget for his wall on the border with Mexico. The Democrats are threatening a government shutdown. It s the same old, same old and I was hoping that Trump would throw this shutdown thing right back in their face and have everybody realize they re the ones engineering these shutdowns that nobody would notice anyway unless a big hullaballoo was made about it. Breitbart News",0
18751,DON’T TAKE YOUR KIDS TO New Orleans To Learn About American History…Black Lives Matter Just ERASED It,"It s a sad day in America when we allow the left to destroy American history The mayor of New Orleans wanted treasured cultural monuments removed and he got what he wished for at the expense of the citizens of the city: We will no longer allow the Confederacy to literally be put on a pedestal in the heart of our city.    New Orleans Mayor Mitch LandrieuThe City of New Orleans removed the first of four Confederate monuments this morning in an effort to appease those who believe the monuments represent racism or pretty much anything else they object to. By erasing our past, do we change anything?Some on Twitter are saying: New Orleans starts taking down Confederate statues, like ISIS did in the Middle East removing the history of our lives. It s not that we can compare religious persecution to a cleansing of history but it does have some similarities.Emotions are running high because this involves a time in our history that brother fought brother and died Should we forget the struggle and refuse to honor those who fought and died? Isn t it true that we should always remember history and learn from it?We should also honor the soldiers who fought and died No matter what!A LETTER FROM A PATRIOT WHO MAKES THE CASE FOR KEEPING THE MONUMENTS:By William McMichaelAny Longhorn will proudly declare that The University of Texas is more than an academic institution. The University is a beacon   a promise that Texas will continue to produce citizens who care about its future. However, the removal of the Jefferson Davis statue from the Main Mall demonstrates that the university values its current students more than it does its future ones.I believe that society does well to relegate the memory of the Confederacy to museums. Its legacy haunts the United States in ways that many will never understand. Recent events demonstrate that our nation may never fully heal from the wounds that the Civil War inflicted. However, removing a statue does not equate to progress particularly when other symbols of Confederacy continue to stand on the South Mall.In fact, the crowd of students and professors that gathered to witness the statute s removal serves as clear evidence that the University worries more about public appearances than it does encouraging future generations to remember the achievements of the past. Much like the university, the Main Mall serves as more than a beautiful area of the campus. The university commissioned the mall as a memorial to the reconciliation of the North and South. Less than 50 years after the end of the Civil War, sons of Union and Confederate soldiers fought together on the fields of France during World War I. Their parents had taught them to hate each other, yet they persevered together to defeat a common enemy.The South Mall s designers arranged the statues in such a way that the sun set on the faces of the Confederacy, a sign that the era of Jefferson Davis, Robert E. Lee, and Albert Sidney Johnston would no longer govern Texas. However, the sun rises on the faces of men who stood as symbols of Texas  hope for a progressive future: President Woodrow Wilson, Gov. Jim Hogg, and Senator John Reagan   a former Confederate sympathizer who encouraged Texas to rejoin the Union.The statues look center toward a statute of George Washington, the preeminent founder who warned of the dangers of national division. The Littlefield Fountain bears a Latin inscription that translates to read:  Short is the life given, but the memory of a life nobly surrendered is everything. Ultimately, the South Mall reminds viewers not to honor the errors of the past, but rather that Texas can triumph in spite of its past. Yet rather than explain the Main Mall s history and purpose to the public, the University allowed errant voices to rule the day. As a result, future generations will likely forget the Main Mall s importance altogether. The moral of the story will be no more.Longhorns, do not continue wasting time by fretting over appearances. Fight for worthwhile causes, and remember your history. It will make you better, and thereby prompt you to change the world.McMichael lives in Waco. He graduated with his bachelor s degree from the University of Texas in 2014.",0
18752,200 SOCIALIST RADICALS Storm Heritage Foundation In DC: “We’re shutting it down!” [Video],"A group called  People s Action  just held their big gathering in Washington, DC yesterday. They had the usual suspects like Keith Ellison and Socialist Bernie Sanders speak at the meeting. They were protesting against cuts from the budget The bottom line is the radicals don t want any cuts to big government because they want to keep the cradle to grave freebies going. Socialist Bernie Sanders was ready to fill their minds with visions of freebies from big government.EARLIER TODAY, the group decided to hit Heritage Foundation headquarters by storming the offices with 200 thugs.HERE S WHAT THEY SAID:  We re shutting it down at @Heritage because it continues to be @realDonaldTrump s think tank. #RiseUp2017 #Budget4ThePeopleWe re shutting it down at @Heritage because it continues to be @realDonaldTrump s think tank. #RiseUp2017 #Budget4ThePeople pic.twitter.com/bnerOnBBa0  People s Action (@PplsAction) April 25, 2017Soros funded groups are all over DC with their push to keep Obama s agenda going. They got some help from Socialist Bernie Sanders who wants justice, justice, justice He s playing to his base in the video below:We must stand with @PplsAction and people all over this country in the fight for justice. Mr. Trump, you will not divide us up. pic.twitter.com/7kYBB7ZfvX  Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) April 24, 2017PEOPLE S ACTION   SHEEPLE! ",0
18753,WOW! Former Professional Boxer Wearing “Soldier Of Allah” T-Shirt Warns 3 British Activists To “Fear For Their Lives” On New Youtube VIDEO,"In 2015, former professional boxer Anthony Small, was been cleared of plotting to leave Britain to join Islamic State militants in Syria.Apparently it s okay to threaten the lives of British citizens as long as you re not waving an ISIS flag while you do it.Vice  Small s flourishing boxing career came to an end when he converted to Islam at the age of 24. Now known as Abdul-Haqq, he decided the sport s lifestyle was incompatible with his hardline practice of the religion and took up preaching instead.An associate of the infamous Islamic preacher Anjem Choudary and his banned organization Al-Muhajiroun, Haqq used social media to share his fundamentalist views of Islam. He regularly posted controversial videos filmed in his home, justifying IS beheadings and terror attacks such as the public killing of UK soldier Lee Rigby in 2013.Here is Anthony Small s most recent video where he targets Britain First co-founder Paul Golding former EDL leader Tommy Robinson along with conservative radio host Katie Hopkins. Keep in mind that Youtube is cracking down on conservatives for  hate speech  while this Muslim man is using Youtube to threaten the lives of 3 popular British activist. Censorship for conservatives is apparently more dangerous than death threats from professional boxers turned Muslim extremists:Haqq s views have led to multiple police raids on his house, as well as accusations of trying to join IS in the Middle East. VICE News spoke to Haqq on the run up to his arrest about police raids, Western foreign policy, and his faith. We then caught up with him again outside London s Old Bailey court after his release.Here s who  Anthony Small Boxer  really is. This video is a great reminder of why Trump was correct about our need to do a better job of vetting our refugees:Go here to see Paul Golding of Britain First s reply to former professional boxer turned  Allah s Soldier  Tommy. ",0
18754,ACTIVIST JUDGE Just Blocked Trump’s Effort To Cut Off Funding To Sanctuary Cities Harboring Illegals,"Here we go again! Another activist judge has shut down an effort by President Trump to protect Americans A President s #1 job!How do we know Judge Orrick of California is an activist? Well, he raised 200K for Obama: That should tell you all you need to know about this guy except one more HUGE thing:He s the judge who blocked the Planned Parenthood videos:A federal judge late Friday granted a temporary restraining order against the release of recordings made at an annual meeting of abortion providers. The injunction is against the Center for Medical Progress, the group that has unveiled Planned Parenthood s participation in the sale of organs harvested from aborted children.Judge William H. Orrick, III, granted the injunction just hours after the order was requested by the National Abortion Federation.Orrick was nominated to his position by hardline abortion supporter President Barack Obama. He was also a major donor to and bundler for President Obama s presidential campaign. He raised at least $200,000 for Obama and donated $30,800 to committees supporting him. Read more: The FederalistBRILLIANT LEGAL SCHOLAR AND DEMOCRAT JONATHAN TURLEY HAD THIS TO SAY ON TWITTER:The fact is that  sanctuary cities  violate our Constitution: CORNELL LAWCALIFORNIA JUDGE BLOCKS TRUMP:A federal judge in San Francisco has blocked a Trump administration order to withhold funding from communities that limit cooperation with U.S. immigration authorities.U.S. District Judge William Orrick issued the temporary ruling Tuesday in a lawsuit over the executive order targeting so-called sanctuary cities. The decision will stay in place while the lawsuit moves through court.The Republican president s administration and two California governments that sued over the order disagreed about its scope.San Francisco and Santa Clara County argued that it threatened billions of dollars in federal funding.But an attorney for the Justice Department, Chad Readler, said at a recent court hearing that it applied to a limited set of grants.Some of Judge Orrick s comments are shocking:Judge Orrick said Trump s order  by its plain language, attempts to reach all federal grants, not merely the three mentioned at the hearing. The rest of the order is broader still, addressing all federal funding. And if there was doubt about the scope of the order, the president and attorney general have erased it with their public comments. Federal funding that bears no meaningful relationship to immigration enforcement cannot be threatened merely because a jurisdiction chooses an immigration enforcement strategy of which the president disapproves. Note that once again activist judges use  public comments  just like they did in the prior block to an executive order. READ MORE: ABC7",0
18755,BRAVO! TED CRUZ To Introduce Bill To Help Trump Keep One Of His Biggest Campaign Promises To Americans,"Now one unlikely Senator is about to put forth a bill, paving the way for Mexico to pay for the wall and in the process, helping Trump to keep one of his most important campaign promises.Republican Sen. Ted Cruz wants to make Mexicans pay for the wall   at least some of them, that is.The El Chapo Act was introduced by Cruz Tuesday, according to Axios, and it would use seized assets from drug lords such as Mexican Joaquin  El Chapo  Guzman to pay for the wall on the southwestern border.Federal prosecutors are trying to seize $14 billion in assets from El Chapo, and the border wall has been estimated to cost $21.6 billion. Fourteen billion dollars will go a long way toward building a wall that will keep Americans safe and hinder the illegal flow of drugs, weapons, and individuals across our southern border,  Sen. Cruz told Axios.For entire story  Daily Caller ",0
18756,NANCY PELOSI’S Latest Over-The-Top Claim: Trump will “take food out of the mouths of babies and seniors”,"Nancy Pelosi s latest claim is over the top:In a conference call with reporters, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-California, criticized Trump s late push for some funding for the wall now, which she said would be wrong if it was budgeted for at the expense of government programs like those that help young people, the elderly and the environment. He did not promise that he would take food out of the mouths of babies and seniors and education, clean air, clean water, scientific research off the table in a significant way in order for him to pay for his immoral, ineffective, unwise proposal of a wall,  Pelosi said.But she said she was open to some technology and other improvements at the border so long as they were not related in any way to the planning, prepping or building of the wall itself. Read more: The HillHouse Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi was on Meet the Press and let out another gibberish laden response to a question. Does anyone out there understand what she meant by her comments about the wall. How does it mean Trump is weak if he wants a wall? Twisted reasoning is all that comes from Pelosi these days especially when in 2006 most prominent Democrats voted to build a barrier at the border. Immoral and unwise ? How is it immoral and unwise to want to protect your people? You have to understand this part of the country. There s a community going through it. WHAT THE HECK HAPPENED TO THE 2006 BORDER WALL FENCE?Remember the promise of a fence on our southern border? Yes, it was the plan but the $1.2 billion dollar plan was never executed as proposed. You can thank our Liar in Chief and a popular Republican for that WE RECENTLY POSTED THIS VIDEO OF AN IMMIGRATION OFFICIAL SAYING BUILDING A BORDER FENCE  ISN T POSSIBLE  EVEN THOUGH $1.2 BILLION WAS GIVEN IN 2006 FOR A FENCE:  In his speech in El Paso on immigration reform on May 10, 2011, Obama declared that the fence along the border with Mexico is  now basically complete.  Like much of what comes out of the Obama administration, that was a lie. What was supposed to be built was a double layered fence with barbed-wire on top, and room for a security vehicle to patrol between the layers. Except for 36 of the seven-hundred mile fence, what was built looks like the picture above or the one below.But that doesn t stop your liar in chief. He claims. We have gone above and beyond what was requested by the very Republicans who said they supported broader reform as long as we got serious about enforcement,  Obama said.  All the stuff they asked for, we ve done. But even though we ve answered these concerns, I ve got to say I suspect there are still going to be some who are trying to move the goal posts on us one more time. Maybe he s right the goal posts were moved, but to make the job easier.The Secure Fence Act was introduced on Sept. 13, 2006 by Rep Peter King (R-NY) and passed Congress on a bi-partisan basis. In the House of Representatives, the Fence Act passed 283 -138 on September 14, 2006. On September 29, 2006, the Fence Act passed in the Senate 80 -19. The Secure Fence Act of 2006 s goal was to help secure America s borders to decrease illegal entry, drug trafficking, and security threats by building 700 miles (1,100 km) of physical barriers along the Mexico-United States border. Additionally, the law authorized more vehicle barriers, checkpoints, and lighting as well as authorizing the Department of Homeland Security to increase the use of advanced technology such as cameras, satellites, and unmanned aerial vehicles to reinforce infrastructure at the border. So far less than 40 miles of a real fence have been built   most of it during the Bush Administration.Of the almost 700 miles of fencing, DHS reports there are currently 36.3 miles of double-layered fencing, as the bill required, the kind with enough gap that you can drive a vehicle between the layers. But the majority of the fencing erected has been made from vehicle barriers with single-layer pedestrian fencing, the kind of barriers that are designed to stop vehicles rather than people. The design specifications vary, depending on geography and climate characteristics, but according to the Customs and Border Patrol website, those include  post on rail  steel set in concrete; steel picket-style fence set in concrete; vehicle bollards similar to those found around federal buildings;  Normandy; vehicle fence consisting of steel beams; and concrete jersey walls with steel mesh. The first blow against the promised fence was made by Kay Bailey Hutchison, Republican Senator from Texas, at the urging of DHS she proposed an amendment to give the Department discretion to decide what type of fence was appropriate in different areas. The law was amended to read,  Nothing in this paragraph shall require the Secretary of Homeland Security to install fencing, physical barriers, roads, lighting, cameras, and sensors in a particular location along an international border of the United States, if the Secretary determines that the use or placement of such resources is not the most appropriate means to achieve and maintain operational control over the international border at such location.  Hutchison s amendment was included in a federal budget bill in late 2007 despite the fact that Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., had a cow he argued the amendment effectively killed the border fence promised in the 2006 bill, he was right. Hutchison s intentions may have been honorable, but she didn t foresee Barack Obama being the next president.When Janet Napolitano became Obama s first DHS she took advantage of Ms. Hutchison s 2007 amendment, instead of building a fence which look something like the below, she built a fence that was mostly a combination of the two pictures above.When She was still Governor of Arizona Janet Napolitano said,  You show me a 50-foot wall, and I ll show you a 51-foot ladder at the border. And she may be right The fence will never STOP all illegal crossings. The purpose of the fence is two-fold, slowing the intruders and making them visible to members of the border patrol. The rest of the work is done by human beings.Very little of the Israeli separation barrier erected to keep out terrorists is a wall, most of the 400 miles of the barrier which has received so much international scorn is a two layered fence like section of their barrier below. The fence has served its purpose, in 2002, the year before construction started, 457 Israelis were murdered; in 2009, 8 Israelis were killed.The reason it has been effective is not simply the fence itself but how the fence is guarded and patrolled. And that s what will make our fence along the Mexican border work.Here s the bottom line. Back in 2006 the people of the U.S. were promised a border fence. Since then thanks to Kay Bailey Hutchison and Barack Obama 95% of the fence wasn t built. The arguments against the fence are bogus especially if you look at Israel s history. It s time for America to demand that its leaders build the fence they promised. No one can honestly say it wont work, after all it hasn t been tried. Via: The Lid",0
18757,AZ RANCHERS Living On US-Mexico Border Destroy Nancy Pelosi’s Claim About Trump Being “Weak” For Wanting Border Wall [VIDEO],"Twisted reasoning is all that comes from Pelosi these days especially when in 2006 most prominent Democrats voted to build a barrier at the border.Fred Davis and John Ladd are two Arizona ranchers who were guests on Fox and Friends this morning. As ranchers who are living and making a living on our US-Mexico border, they had a very different story to tell viewers. While laughing at claims made by Democrat House minority leader Nancy Pelosi, Ladd and Davis talked about how ridiculous her claims were and what the benefits of a real wall on our borders would mean to the actual residents living in the nightmare of illegal immigration.John Ladd was asked if he ever invited Pelosi to the border and he responded to Fox and Friends host Steve Doocy by saying,  Yes, but she never responded. ",0
18758,NASTY WOMEN! Ivanka Trump BOOED…HISSED By Unbelievably Rude Crowd During Panel Discussion On Women In Germany [VIDEO],"She s no stranger to nasty women in America who can t seem to get past their hate for her father to see that Ivanka Trump is a passionate advocate for women and a strong role model for working women raising a family. Ivanka is an incredibly hard working woman who is very accomplished. She s everything the so-called  feminist movement  should be celebrating, but since her father has taken a pro-life position, all bets are off the table. And unlike children of every previous President and First Lady, the Trump children have been the targets of one vicious attack after another. From the boycotting of Ivanka s clothing and accessory line to Rosie O Donnell accusing young 11-yr old Barron Trump of being autistic to the skanky comedian Chelsea Handler who after finding out that Eric Trump and his wife were expecting their first child tweeted,  Just what we need. Another person with those jeans [sic]. Ivanka Trump on Tuesday faced boos and hisses during a panel discussion at the W20 Summit in Berlin Tuesday morning after she defended her father s record of promoting women in his business before becoming president.The president s daughter was speaking on a panel that included German Chancellor Angela Merkel when she remarked that President Trump is  a tremendous champion  for women and families. That remark drew boos and hisses from the crowd at the panel.She later defended her father, citing media criticism but also clearly responding to people in the room. ",0
18759,OBAMA’S FORMER “Press Liar” Warns Trump Not To Cross The Community Organizer’s “Red Line”…LOL! [VIDEO],"Former White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Monday that there were some  clear red lines  that would cause former President Obama to speak out publicly against federal action.In an interview, MSNBC s Chris Jansing asked Earnest about the former president s promise to weigh in publicly if he senses a threat to America s  core values.  Obama spoke out in support of protests of President Trump s controversial temporary immigration ban proposal at the end of January. What do you think,  Jansing asked Earnest,  would motivate him to get back involved in the public debate in a way that he s not willing to do right now? Earnest made clear that Obama would not be interested in responding to every little thing. After the last eight years, the president doesn t relish the prospect of getting back into the day-to-day fights that characterize governing the United States of America in the 21st century,  Earnest said.  He spent the last eight years doing it, it s somebody else s turn to do that now. What would motivate President Obama to reengage in the political debate,  Earnest continued,  is if we saw the federal government start to cross some clear red lines in terms of long-observed norms and values that frankly I think that we started to take for granted.   For entire story: WFBWatch:Earnest s use of the term  red lines  was noteworthy given Obama s infamous history with the phrase. Obama pledged in 2012 that Syria using chemical weapons would cross a  red line  with him, but he backed off taking unilateral military action when the Assad regime did so in 2013. ",0
18760,"BILL O’REILLY IS BACK! Tell Fans He’s Not Going Away: “I’m very confident the truth will come out, and when it does…I think you’re going to be shaken” [LISTEN]","Bill O Reilly is back! And if you listen to his first podcast on his website BillOReilly.com you d almost think nothing happened. O Reilly uses his first podcast to announce he ll be broadcasting his show every Monday though Friday and that eventually, he plans to turn it into an actual news program. But will Bill O Reilly s own website be enough for his gigantic ego? Will it be enough for the fans who are used to turning on the TV and don t want to go to their computer or phone to watch him?Bill has built the largest conservative audience on TV. Many of his loyal fans are convinced the Murdoch brothers have used these allegations against him as an excuse to remove him from their network as they work to bring the FOX News channel more to the center and away from its right-leaning roots.O Reilly was dismissed overnight following allegations of sexual harassment by at least six women. It has been reported that Lachlan s wife Sarah Murdoch helped influence the decision. Last year the former Fox News creator, Roger Ailes, was sacked in similar circumstances, going on to advise Donald Trump s presidential campaign.It has also been suggested by many social media users that Roger Ailes and Bill O Reilly might form their own conservative leaning news network to compete against FOX News.In any case, for those who are missing the voice of a man they ve listened to for over 20 years Here you go.Bill O Reilly s first podcast started out like this (audio is below):Hey, I missed you guys.Welcome to the No Spin News on BillOReilly.com, a completely different experience than what you ve had in the past. And everybody is listening this week, or can listen Monday through Thursday.Next week we ll go back to just Premium Members only for the No Spin News, a service for you.So, what we re going to do here is about fifteen minutes, twelve minutes of the headlines. This is an extended Talking Points Memo that will cover the world each day.And then as we develop the website, we ll have guests and things like that, and this will become longer and longer and longer, into a genuine news program.That s the vision right now.I am sad that I m not on television anymore. I was very surprised how it all turned out. I can t say a lot, because there s much stuff going on right now.But I can tell you that I m very confident the truth will come out, and when it does, I don t know if you re going to be surprised   but I think you re going to be shaken, as I am. There s a lot of stuff involved here.Now, I can t say anymore because I just don t want to influence the flow of the information. I don t want the media to take what I say and misconstrue it. However you, as a loyal O Reilly listener, have a right to know, I think, down the lane what exactly happened. And we are working in that direction, okay?Click on this LINKO'Reilly's back! Check out Bill's first No Spin News since leaving FNC   https://t.co/hiv184nXgU  Bill O'Reilly (@billoreilly) April 24, 2017 ",0
18761,SHOCKER! CNN PANEL Rips On DNC Chair For His Disgusting Profanity Laden Speeches [Video],"What a shocker! A CNN panel rips on Tom Perez for his profanity laden speeches They turn it on Trump but it s really interesting that they even questioned this so-called strategy: Just in case you haven t heard Perez speak:DNC Chair Tom Perez was on MSNBC (video below) to answer to critics who didn t like his nasty speech last week.He appeared at an event held by New Jersey Working Families Alliance, a re-branded ACORN agency and gave a hateful and divisive speech. He claimed that, Republicans don t give a sh*t about people . Why the Democrats picked this far left radical is puzzling unless the Democrats plan on going full commie Perez is connected to the radical open borders group La Raza. Something tells us that Obama made this pick for the Democrats. Check out a defiant Perez doubling down on is nastiness:OUR PREVIOUS REPORT AND VIDEO BELOW:Perez has a long radical history connected to La Raza and other open borders organizations. His track record  is full on radical. e s in cahoots with Obama to continue the  fundamental transformation  of America. Anyone who s a Democrat should be shocked that he s taking the party in such a far left direction. Do your research and you ll know why he was the choice for Dem Chair.He just fired all Democrat Party staffers and is bringing in all new people. The party is clearly taking a new direction and it s not a good one for any American. DONALD TRUMP DIDN T WIN WATCH ENTIRE VIDEO:  Republicans don t give a sh*t about people  ",0
18762,BOOM! WATCH SEAN HANNITY Hit Back At Bogus Sexual Harassment Allegations: “I can no longer let the slander against me slide” [Video],"Thank you Sean Hannity for hitting back at the latest woman to claim harassment! Hannity released a statement and spoke out on his show last night (video below) about blogger Debbie Schlussel s attempt to charge him with sexual harassment and it s dead on!SEAN HANNITY S STATEMENT: LET ME BE CLEAR   THE COMMENTS ABOUT ME ON A RADIO SHOW THIS WEEK by this individual are 100% false and a complete fabrication.This individual is a serial harasser who has been lying about me for well over a decade. The individual has a history of making provably false statements against me in an effort to slander, smear and besmirch my reputation.The individual has not just slandered me over the years but many people who this individual disagrees with.This individual desperately seeks attention by any means necessary, including making unfounded personal attacks and using indefensible and outrageous political rhetoric.My patience with this individual is over. I have retained a team of some of the finest and toughest lawyers in the country who are now in the process of laying out the legal course of action we will be taking against this individual.In this fiercely divided & vindictive political climate, I will no longer allow slander and lies about me to go unchallenged, as I see a coordinated effort afoot to now silence those with conservative views. I will fight every single lie about me by all legal means available to me as an American. THE BACKGROUND ON THIS BLOGGER FROM OUR PREVIOUS REPORT:During a discussion about sexual harassment charges against FOX News host Bill O Reilly, blogger Debbie Schlussel was asked by radio host Pat Cambell of 1170 Talk Radio if anyone at FOX News made her  feel uncomfortable ? or if  sexual advances were made on her? Campbell asked:  What do you make of this whole thing?   Schlussel responded,  Well, only by Sean Hannity, not by Bill O Reilly.  Campbell stopped her Whoa Wait, wait, wait! Say that again. Schussed responded: Only by Sean Hannity, not Bill O Reilly.  Although listeners get the sense the whole interview was a set-up, Campbell appears shocked by this new sexual harassment allegation being made against Sean Hannity and asks again,  Sean Hannity what?  He hit on you, or he made you feel uncomfortable? to which Schlussel responded,  Yeah. She then went on to explain her so-called experience with Hannity.After she finished her story where she claims Hannity asked her to come back to his hotel, and that she received horrible treatment from him and his executive producer after she declined his offer, She went on to claim that he never booked her on his show again and that she got a  very weird feeling about it . This kind of stuff very uh all over the place at Fox News and with anything that has to do with Sean Hannity. She then went on to make an infer that Hannity s executive producer Jill Vitale quit the show because Sean Hannity wanted something from her and she wouldn t give it.  Schlussel claimed that everyone should start looking into it because,  it s not an above-board story. Here is Jill Vitale s response to the LIE Schlussel told radio host Pat Campbell, when she inferred the reason Vitale left Hannity s radio show had to do with Hannity s inappropriate sexual behavior:I left because I had kids! https://t.co/Ek81EVGkrH  Jill Vitale (@Flirtyflipper) April 23, 2017Sean Hannity used to tease Vitale about being a liberal on his show, which makes her tweet defending Bill O Reilly very interesting:Bill O'Reilly's out. Who's next?  Jill Vitale (@Flirtyflipper) April 19, 2017Vitale also advocates for O Reilly here where she tweets that NYC s top radio talk show should hire O Reilly. She doesn t exactly sound like a woman who left Sean Hannity s show because she was victim of sexual harassment:It'd be a smart decision for @77WABCradio to hire him! https://t.co/kOiG93QC7K  Jill Vitale (@Flirtyflipper) April 20, 2017Schussed continued to make more accusations during her interview:  And it s funny because I have a friend that s a radio host in a different city and, um that used to work for Rush Limbaugh. And whenever Sean Hannity would take about Jon Edwards and his love child, he would always call me and we would laugh about it because he could ve had a love child too, given that with some of the stuff we ve heard about him and some of the stuff I know about him. Schlussel went on to make another wild claim about Hannity, calling him a  pimp  for Roger Ailes and a  Fixer  for Bill O Reilly. Debbie Schlussel, a former Fox News guest, appeared on a local radio show on Friday and recounted an incident where Sean Hannity purportedly asked her to a hotel, and when she rebuffed his advances, she claims, she was ostracized by the network star. The story has since gone viral garnering headlines like  Sean Hannity Accused of Sexually Harassing Fox News Guest in publications like The Daily Beast and The Huffington Post. Now, in an interview with LawNewz.com on Monday morning, Schlussel is denying that she was ever sexually harassed by Sean Hannity. While Schlussel stands by her description of the incident, Schlussel told us that she doesn t believe what happened between the two amounted to sexual harassment by any legal definition. I would never accuse him of that. Sexual harassment has a special meaning under the law, and I would never accuse him of that,  Schlussel, an attorney herself, said.  Schlussel said the interaction happened in the early 2000 s when Hannity was in Detroit taping a show. He tried to get me to go back to the hotel after the show after he and his executive producer Bill Shine treated me horribly,  she said on the radio program. Schlussel later clarified that it wasn t his hotel room, but rather his hotel. She told LawNewz.com that she did go on the show following the incident, but after that was  banned from Fox News. I never thought I was sexually harassed by Sean Hannity, I thought he was weird and creepy not someone I liked,  Schlussel said.Following the radio interview on Friday, Hannity issued a strongly worded statement denying Schlussel s claims saying he plans to take legal action against Schlussel for possible libel. LET ME BE CLEAR THE COMMENTS ABOUT ME ON A RADIO SHOW THIS WEEK by this individual ARE 100% false and a complete fabrication,  Hannity said in a statement obtained by LawNewz.com.  This individual is a serial harasser who has been lying about me for well over a decade. The individual has a history of making provably false statements against me in an effort to slander, smear and besmirch my reputation. The individual has not just slandered me over the years but many people who this individual disagrees with. Schlussel responded to Hannity s legal threats, telling LawNewz.com she believed they were  laughable,  and that she is also contemplating countersuing him based on his statements on Sunday in which he called her a  serial harasser. It s defamatory,  Schussel said,  Everything I said was true, and truth is an absolute bar to defamation. He on the other hand has a murky record on truth. The accuser has a history of making allegations against Hannity. Back in 2010, Schlussel, who Gawker claimed at the time was a  crazy birther blogger, wrote a blog post claiming that the  Freedom Alliance,  a war veteran charity, which is supported by Hannity, was skimming donations, and was all a  huge scam. According to a 2010 letter obtained by LawNewz.com, Thomas Kilgannon, the charity s founder and president, fired back in a note to donors: the blog posting accuses our friend Sean Hannity of personally benefiting from Freedom Alliance. This is FALSE. Freedom Alliance has never provided planes, hotels, cars, limos, or anything else to Sean. Sean gets nothing from Freedom Alliance except our gratitude for his personal generosity and for all he has done to help the troops and our organization.  Hannity has reportedly donated more than a million dollars to the charity over the last several years.  LawzNewz",0
18763,IS IVANKA TRYING TO CONVINCE Her Father To Break One Of His Key Campaign Promises?,"Watch this video compilation where Trump makes his stance on man-made global climate change very clear: As President Donald Trump contemplates whether to make good on his campaign promise to yank the United States out of the Paris climate accord, an unlikely lobbying force is hoping to talk him out of it: oil and coal producers.A pro-Paris bloc within the administration has recruited energy companies to lend their support to the global pact to cut greenhouse gas emissions, according to two people familiar with the effort who asked not to be identified.Cheniere Energy Inc., which exports liquefied natural gas, became the latest company to weigh in for the pact to cut greenhouse gas emissions in a letter Monday to White House energy adviser G. David Banks. Domestic energy companies are better positioned to compete globally if the United States remains a party to the Paris agreement,  Cheniere wrote. The accord  is a useful instrument for fostering demand for America s energy resources and supporting the continued growth of American industry. Exxon Mobil Corp., previously led by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Royal Dutch Shell Plc and BP Plc also have endorsed the pact.The industry campaign to stick with the Paris accord comes amid deep divisions in the Trump administration over the carbon-cutting agreement. Both the president s daughter, Ivanka Trump, and her husband, Jared Kushner, a White House special adviser, have urged the president to stay in the deal, along with Tillerson.Climate scientists who are against the climate treaty have written an open letter to President Trump:Breitbart News reports that in an open letter to Donald Trump, climate expert Dr. Duane Thresher has urged the President not to give in to his daughter Ivanka s misguided views on global warming and her insistence that the U.S. remain in the Paris climate agreement ratified by Barack Obama last August. Climate treaties like the Paris Agreement have little to do with climate,  Thresher notes in his letter, which he made available to Breitbart News.  They are about economic competition. As the greatest economy in the history of the world, other countries will do anything to cripple the United States. Countries like China will agree to anything in these treaties and simply ignore their obligations while demanding the United States fulfill theirs,  Thresher said, calling belief in global warming a  popular delusion. In his letter, Dr. Thresher also reminded President Trump of his campaign promises that led many Americans to vote for him. We who voted for you consider stopping this climate change madness one of your key promises,  Thresher said.  If you renege on it you will lose me and many others as supporters. After Trump s election, in fact, a number of climate change skeptics were emboldened to take more public stands against the politically imposed  scientific consensus  of global warming, welcoming a new era of free debate about a hotly contested issue.Scientists unconvinced by the party line on climate change applauded Trump s appointment of Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt to head up the Environmental Protection Agency as an important step away from climate alarmism.Even if Trump caves and stays in the Paris climate agreement, Thresher says, it won t win him any friends.  Your opponents are not going to support you; they ll just taunt you as being a flip-flopper,  he said.",0
18764,BLOGGER Comes Clean About Hannity Sexual Harassment Claim…Hannity’s Former Producer Publicly Calls Her Out On LIE About Why She Quit,"During a discussion about sexual harassment charges against FOX News host Bill O Reilly, blogger Debbie Schlussel was asked by radio host Pat Cambell of 1170 Talk Radio if anyone at FOX News made her  feel uncomfortable ? or if  sexual advances were made on her? Campbell asked:  What do you make of this whole thing?   Schlussel responded,  Well, only by Sean Hannity, not by Bill O Reilly.  Campbell stopped her Whoa Wait, wait, wait! Say that again. Schussed responded: Only by Sean Hannity, not Bill O Reilly.  Although listeners get the sense the whole interview was a set-up, Campbell appears shocked by this new sexual harassment allegation being made against Sean Hannity and asks again,  Sean Hannity what?  He hit on you, or he made you feel uncomfortable? to which Schlussel responded,  Yeah. She then went on to explain her so-called experience with Hannity.After she finished her story where she claims Hannity asked her to come back to his hotel, and that she received horrible treatment from him and his executive producer after she declined his offer, She went on to claim that he never booked her on his show again and that she got a  very weird feeling about it . This kind of stuff very uh all over the place at Fox News and with anything that has to do with Sean Hannity. She then went on to make an infer that Hannity s executive producer Jill Vitale quit the show because Sean Hannity wanted something from her and she wouldn t give it.  Schlussel claimed that everyone should start looking into it because,  it s not an above-board story. Here is Jill Vitale s response to the LIE Schlussel told radio host Pat Campbell, when she inferred the reason Vitale left Hannity s radio show had to do with Hannity s inappropriate sexual behavior:I left because I had kids! https://t.co/Ek81EVGkrH  Jill Vitale (@Flirtyflipper) April 23, 2017Sean Hannity used to tease Vitale about being a liberal on his show, which makes her tweet defending Bill O Reilly very interesting:Bill O'Reilly's out. Who's next?  Jill Vitale (@Flirtyflipper) April 19, 2017Vitale also advocates for O Reilly here where she tweets that NYC s top radio talk show should hire O Reilly. She doesn t exactly sound like a woman who left Sean Hannity s show because she was victim of sexual harassment:It'd be a smart decision for @77WABCradio to hire him! https://t.co/kOiG93QC7K  Jill Vitale (@Flirtyflipper) April 20, 2017Schussed continued to make more accusations during her interview:  And it s funny because I have a friend that s a radio host in a different city and, um that used to work for Rush Limbaugh. And whenever Sean Hannity would take about Jon Edwards and his love child, he would always call me and we would laugh about it because he could ve had a love child too, given that with some of the stuff we ve heard about him and some of the stuff I know about him. Schlussel went on to make another wild claim about Hannity, calling him a  pimp  for Roger Ailes and a  Fixer  for Bill O Reilly. Debbie Schlussel, a former Fox News guest, appeared on a local radio show on Friday and recounted an incident where Sean Hannity purportedly asked her to a hotel, and when she rebuffed his advances, she claims, she was ostracized by the network star. The story has since gone viral garnering headlines like  Sean Hannity Accused of Sexually Harassing Fox News Guest in publications like The Daily Beast and The Huffington Post. Now, in an interview with LawNewz.com on Monday morning, Schlussel is denying that she was ever sexually harassed by Sean Hannity. While Schlussel stands by her description of the incident, Schlussel told us that she doesn t believe what happened between the two amounted to sexual harassment by any legal definition. I would never accuse him of that. Sexual harassment has a special meaning under the law, and I would never accuse him of that,  Schlussel, an attorney herself, said.  Schlussel said the interaction happened in the early 2000 s when Hannity was in Detroit taping a show. He tried to get me to go back to the hotel after the show after he and his executive producer Bill Shine treated me horribly,  she said on the radio program. Schlussel later clarified that it wasn t his hotel room, but rather his hotel. She told LawNewz.com that she did go on the show following the incident, but after that was  banned from Fox News. I never thought I was sexually harassed by Sean Hannity, I thought he was weird and creepy not someone I liked,  Schlussel said.Following the radio interview on Friday, Hannity issued a strongly worded statement denying Schlussel s claims saying he plans to take legal action against Schlussel for possible libel. LET ME BE CLEAR THE COMMENTS ABOUT ME ON A RADIO SHOW THIS WEEK by this individual ARE 100% false and a complete fabrication,  Hannity said in a statement obtained by LawNewz.com.  This individual is a serial harasser who has been lying about me for well over a decade. The individual has a history of making provably false statements against me in an effort to slander, smear and besmirch my reputation. The individual has not just slandered me over the years but many people who this individual disagrees with. Schlussel responded to Hannity s legal threats, telling LawNewz.com she believed they were  laughable,  and that she is also contemplating countersuing him based on his statements on Sunday in which he called her a  serial harasser. It s defamatory,  Schussel said,  Everything I said was true, and truth is an absolute bar to defamation. He on the other hand has a murky record on truth. The accuser has a history of making allegations against Hannity. Back in 2010, Schlussel, who Gawker claimed at the time was a  crazy birther blogger, wrote a blog post claiming that the  Freedom Alliance,  a war veteran charity, which is supported by Hannity, was skimming donations, and was all a  huge scam. According to a 2010 letter obtained by LawNewz.com, Thomas Kilgannon, the charity s founder and president, fired back in a note to donors: the blog posting accuses our friend Sean Hannity of personally benefiting from Freedom Alliance. This is FALSE. Freedom Alliance has never provided planes, hotels, cars, limos, or anything else to Sean. Sean gets nothing from Freedom Alliance except our gratitude for his personal generosity and for all he has done to help the troops and our organization.  Hannity has reportedly donated more than a million dollars to the charity over the last several years.  LawzNewz",0
18765,THESE LIVES MATTERED: Americans Furious As New Orleans Joins Left’s Effort To Erase History,"It s a sad day in New Orleans Cultural Marxism has won The mayor of New Orleans wanted treasured cultural monuments removed and he got what he wished for at the expense of the citizens of the city: We will no longer allow the Confederacy to literally be put on a pedestal in the heart of our city.    New Orleans Mayor Mitch LandrieuThe City of New Orleans removed the first of four Confederate monuments this morning in an effort to appease those who believe the monuments represent racism or pretty much anything else they object to. By erasing our past, do we change anything?Some on Twitter are saying: New Orleans starts taking down Confederate statues, like ISIS did in the Middle East removing the history of our lives. It s not that we can compare religious persecution to a cleansing of history but it does have some similarities.Emotions are running high because this involves a time in our history that brother fought brother and died Should we forget the struggle and refuse to honor those who fought and died? Isn t it true that we should always remember history and learn from it?We should also honor the soldiers who fought and died No matter what!A LETTER FROM A PATRIOT WHO MAKES THE CASE FOR KEEPING THE MONUMENTS:By William McMichaelAny Longhorn will proudly declare that The University of Texas is more than an academic institution. The University is a beacon   a promise that Texas will continue to produce citizens who care about its future. However, the removal of the Jefferson Davis statue from the Main Mall demonstrates that the university values its current students more than it does its future ones.I believe that society does well to relegate the memory of the Confederacy to museums. Its legacy haunts the United States in ways that many will never understand. Recent events demonstrate that our nation may never fully heal from the wounds that the Civil War inflicted. However, removing a statue does not equate to progress particularly when other symbols of Confederacy continue to stand on the South Mall.In fact, the crowd of students and professors that gathered to witness the statute s removal serves as clear evidence that the University worries more about public appearances than it does encouraging future generations to remember the achievements of the past. Much like the university, the Main Mall serves as more than a beautiful area of the campus. The university commissioned the mall as a memorial to the reconciliation of the North and South. Less than 50 years after the end of the Civil War, sons of Union and Confederate soldiers fought together on the fields of France during World War I. Their parents had taught them to hate each other, yet they persevered together to defeat a common enemy.The South Mall s designers arranged the statues in such a way that the sun set on the faces of the Confederacy, a sign that the era of Jefferson Davis, Robert E. Lee, and Albert Sidney Johnston would no longer govern Texas. However, the sun rises on the faces of men who stood as symbols of Texas  hope for a progressive future: President Woodrow Wilson, Gov. Jim Hogg, and Senator John Reagan   a former Confederate sympathizer who encouraged Texas to rejoin the Union.The statues look center toward a statute of George Washington, the preeminent founder who warned of the dangers of national division. The Littlefield Fountain bears a Latin inscription that translates to read:  Short is the life given, but the memory of a life nobly surrendered is everything. Ultimately, the South Mall reminds viewers not to honor the errors of the past, but rather that Texas can triumph in spite of its past. Yet rather than explain the Main Mall s history and purpose to the public, the University allowed errant voices to rule the day. As a result, future generations will likely forget the Main Mall s importance altogether. The moral of the story will be no more.Longhorns, do not continue wasting time by fretting over appearances. Fight for worthwhile causes, and remember your history. It will make you better, and thereby prompt you to change the world.McMichael lives in Waco. He graduated with his bachelor s degree from the University of Texas in 2014.",0
18766,LIBERAL HACK ANCHOR Jumps On The FOX Harassment Train: “Grossly Inappropriate” [Video],"Former FOX anchor Alisyn Camerota just jumped on the sexual harassment train with stories of Roger Ailes treating her in a  grossly inappropriate  manner. Sour grapes or does she have a case? We think sour grapes CLUE: When asked what she did about this she said she  just went home IF YOU BELIEVE WHAT CAMEROTA SAID IN THE VIDEO ABOVE THEN WATCH HER GET CALLED OUT FOR HER  UNBELIEVABLE QUESTIONS  AKA LYING/SPINNING: Sean Spicer runs circles around political hack Camerota It gets good around the 3:30 mark I know it s frustrating for you that we re doing it in a logical way,    Sean Spicer to Allison Camerota https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6mzC5kPR3sIF YOU DOUBT CAMEROTA IS A POLITICAL HACK THEN WATCH THE VIDEO BELOW: CNN commentator Van Jones stood by his praise of President Trump on CNN s New Day Wednesday. After Trump s Joint Address to Congress, Jones called moments of the speech  extraordinary  and said that Trump  became President of the United States. Asked by New Day host Alisyn Camerota if he wanted to  amend  his comments at all, Jones declned the opportunity. In that moment, I m proud, I m human, I can still get teary-eyed even in a Trump speech,  Jones said.What exactly defines sexual harassment? The definition has gotten broader and broader to include anything you deem to be offensive. Well, that s not fair to people like Bill O Reilly who s been the subject of numerous accusations he cannot discount because he has no way to prove the women wrong. It s his word against all of the women who claim he harassed them.Please listen to the latest accuser to come forward claiming O Reilly harassed her and you ll see what we mean: The last accuser who could have been the nail in the coffin for Bill O Reilly spoke on The View about her sexual harassment lawsuit. Perquita Burgess and her lawyer were on The View for their 15 minutes of fame. Attorney Lisa Bloom should know better than to send her client on to speak out about her allegations. Lisa Bloom has a track record as a high profile lawyer for cases like this She should know better but it could be that she s trying to gain sympathy for her client.Please listen to the video and let us know what you think about what she said and about sexual harassment in the workplace:O Reilly settled with other women over sexual harassment but how do we know if any of them has any credibility? How does a man protect himself from such charges?If this could be brought up on charges, then every high profile man out there needs a witness when he walks around anywhere.Are the comments (if true) that this woman said Bill O Reilly made considered sexual harassment to you? What exactly is sexual harassment? If it s how you feel then men are in big trouble because of all of the  offended  women out there. Should the definition be broader or should it be more narrowly defined. We feel with our litigious society, the cases for sexual harassment should be very closely scrutinized.",0
18767,OOPS! WAS ANTIFA TERRORIST Who Threatened Acid Attack On Trump Supporters Caught Violating His Probation Today? [VIDEO],"Antifa member, Paul  Luke  Kuhn who was busted by Project Veritas undercover journalists plotting Butyric acid attacks to disrupt Trump s inauguration party and subsequently arrested was spotted today at a DC protest today.Was he violating his probation orders following his arrest?Rebel Media s Jack Posobiec was live on the scene in D.C. reporting at a protest when he was assaulted by Antifa. The Antifa supporter who physically assaulted Posobiec was immediately arrested. After reviewing the footage, Antifa member, Luke Kuhn was immediately recognized. (A face that creepy is impossible to forget).VIDEO footage of assault where you can see Luke Kuhn clearly.Note the woman who is pretending to be a  reporter  with a notebook in her hand who tells the police officer,  nothing happened  when he rushes across the street after clearly seeing what just happened. Another friend of the violent leftist who sucker punched Jack Posobiec tells the police officer,  It was self-defense. Lying, violent liberals wearing their little sister s bike helmets and masks. God help us if we ever need these  men  to actually defend our nation Jack Posobiec Assaulted by Antifa Terrorist pic.twitter.com/L2UvnJ2pKq  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) April 23, 2017Here s a Twitter user telling the  reporter  Lacy MacAuley to  lawyer up  after she lied to the police officer telling him,  nothing happened  after Posobiec got sucker-punched on camera:This is the video of you yelling, ""Nothing happened."" You were an accessory. I'd lawyer up pronto if I was you. https://t.co/mcY9sisqPC  Covfefing Michaela (@MichaelaAleach1) April 23, 2017Here is her arrogant response. Clearly she s living in the past  (when Obama still reigned supreme, and when criminals had the upper hand over law enforcement). You re living in Trump s world now Lacy. You may want to lawyer up.Yes I am absolutely proud of this. Thanks for reposting this video. Because, guess what? Nothing illegal happened. No one was punched. https://t.co/XSEXFK7VmO  Lacy MacAuley (@lacymacauley) April 23, 2017This is the video of you yelling, ""Nothing happened."" You were an accessory. I'd lawyer up pronto if I was you. https://t.co/mcY9sisqPC  Covfefing Michaela (@MichaelaAleach1) April 23, 2017Let s hope this loser who threatened an acid attack on Trump supporters joins his little lying friends behind bars: https://twitter.com/Stello_Official/status/856254436641042432Jack Posobiec Assaulted by Antifa Terrorist pic.twitter.com/L2UvnJ2pKq  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) April 23, 2017h/t Gateway Pundit",0
18768,"FRANCE: “Topless Trump” And “Topless Marine Le Pen” Dragged Away From Polling Place, As Country Under Siege By Islamic Radicals Votes","Earlier this evening, Le Pen had security authorities on high alert, with rioting expected across the country in protest due to her election success.Topless protesters wearing Donald Trump and Marine LePen masks were seen being dragged away from a polling place in France by police. Because nothing says I want a candidate who is willing to keep our nation safe from the massive invasion of Muslim immigrants which include an untold number of Islamic extremists who want to destroy our nation, like throwing on a mask and protesting topless at your local polling place.  More than 50,000 police and gendarmes were deployed to the 66,000 polling stations for Sunday s election, which comes after Thursday s deadly attack on the Champs-Elysees in which a police officer and a gunman were slain.French intelligence have warned of there would be  public disturbances in the case of the presence of parties in the second round that are extremist,  according to Le Parisien newspaper.Le Pen has vowed to offer French voters a referendum to leave the EU and wants to leave the Euro, known as Frexit.Pro-EU Macron, is against Brexit, but despite being a former socialist finance minister is standing a centrist independent candidate, who counts former US President Barack Obama as a supporter.The truth about the French election and why it matters.SHARE: https://t.co/sDLAIZn7hG pic.twitter.com/SrGlZ0lcn0  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) April 19, 2017In Besancon eastern France a stolen car was abandoned outside a polling station with the engine running.Police found a hunting rifle inside the vehicle which had been disguised with stolen number plates.In Rouen, Normandy, a gunman shot and wounded another man but the incident was classified as  non-terror related .Two other polling station, in Saint Omer, northern France, were evacuated because of a suspicious vehicle with Dutch number plates.Ballots were cast in the wake of took place after a series of devastating terror attacks across France, but despite that armed police and soldiers are outlawed from protecting 67,000 French polling stations.There had been a serious concern that groups including Islamic State would target the election.However the 50,000 policemen and gendarmes that were only standby along with 7,000 soldiers were not required as the day went on.The top two candidates Macron and Le Pen face an election run off for the French presidency on Sunday 7 May. The presidential poll is the first to be held during a state of emergency, put in place since the Paris attacks of November 2015.For entire story  Daily Mail ",0
18769,SICK REASON Historic City With “Off the charts” Crime Rates Passes Disgusting Ordinance Putting Criminals Before Cops,"The Providence (RI) City Council voted Thursday to give first passage to the Community Safety Act, a far-reaching ordinance designed to curb profiling by the city s police but the odd benefits it gives to criminals and specifically gang members has many in law enforcement shaking their head.The council voted 12-0 to approve the ordinance as hundreds of supporters cheered.  Mayor Jorge Elorza has already said he intends to sign it into law.After reading the details of this ordinance, the only ones that will be cheering in a few months will be the criminals.While the politicians covered up the terrible provisions in this act by saying that it was simply designed to  curb profiling,  what was really inside it will create one of the most lawless cities this country knows.The violent crime rate in Providence is already 134% higher  than the state average and the passing of this ordinance will be the best thing that Rhode Island criminals have seen in some time.Developed by activist groups, the Community Safety Act is weighed heavily towards giving benefits to the criminal element.  If you don t believe us, just look at the official logo (above) of the Act.  It shows the police at the bottom, which is exactly where the politicians have placed them by passing this ordinance.No one in law enforcement will argue that racial profiling should not be eliminated but this Act uses that premise to handcuff law enforcement from simply doing their job.The international and extremely violent gang MS-13 that initiated in El Salvador and contains a large number of illegal immigrants here in the United States, has been thriving in Providence, RI for several years. This new  Safety Act  will go a long way in helping this gang, that uses many of the same practices as ISIS to grow and prosper in Providence:Here are some of the items that the future victims of Providence Crime need to be aware of:And of course, the ordinance ends with an entire page on how police will be prosecuted and sued for any violation of anything in the ordinance of which must goes far and beyond any case law or practice that any agency in this country is currently doing.  Actually, the piles of paperwork that the Act requires of a police officer after they stop someone is done in another city .Chicago.  Hasn t that worked out well there?Now there will be some that are not educated in the dynamics of what this ordinance will cause that say we oppose this because we want police to racially profile others.  That is ridiculous.  It is against the law for race to be the sole indicator on profiling and no one in the profession agrees with racial profiling but passing this ordinance because a small section prohibits racial profiling is like eating a salad with a milk shake.  Any of the benefits of the salad go away after you drink the 1000 calorie shake.Let us be clear.  The City of Providence is in deep trouble.  Their crime rate is already off the chart and this Act gives all of the rights to criminals and in an odd way, gang members?Via: LawOfficerJesse Waters takes a look at Providence, RI to help understand why the unemployment is so high. Perhaps instead of passing laws to protect criminals and illegal aliens, Providence should address the root cause of their problems, like fatherless children and an entire generation of drug dealers and slackers  (***Warning***this video may make you miss Bill O Reilly and his honest assessment of our inner cities):",0
18770,FAKE NEWS! RIGGED NBC/WSJ POLL Claims Trump Hits “Historic Lows”…100% FALSE!,"The poll below is why people shouldn t trust polls EVER! Always look at the sample size and breakdown of the people. Are they mostly Democrats? This popped up when  top news  was Googled. THIS IS FAKE NEWS THAT EVEN FOX NEWS IS REPORTING TODAY!The lead story this morning from NBC is that Trump has hit  historic lows  for a president in the first 100 days FALSE! When we looked a little closer, we found this poll is truly bogus!Here s what we know:The sample size was only 900 people!Please note the number of people who are  Strong Republicans  19%   If you add the people who consider themselves to be Republicans, it s 38%. Does this sample size reflect a fair sample size? We think not!Here s the take from NBC that s totally skewed:Forty-five percent of respondents in the survey believe Trump is off to a poor start, with an additional 19 percent who say it s been  only a fair start.  That s compared with a combined 35 percent who think the president s first three months in office have been either  good  or  great. Trump s 100th day in office takes place on April 29.By contrast, in the exact same question from April 2009 NBC/WSJ poll, 54 percent of Americans said that Barack Obama s first 100 days had gotten off to either a good or great start, while 25 percent said they were fair, and 21 percent called them poor.Trump s overall job-approval rating stands at 40 percent   down four points from February. It s the lowest job-approval rating for a new president at this 100-day stage in the history of the NBC/WSJ poll.At this same point in time of their presidencies, Obama s overall rating stood at 61 percent in the poll, George W. Bush s was at 56 percent and Bill Clinton s was at 52 percent.By party, 82 percent of Republicans approve of Trump s job, versus just 7 percent of Democrats and 30 percent of independents who give the president a thumbs-up.How can this poll NOT be false when over 54% of the people they polled are Dems?Listen to this ridiculous video saying Trump is  scrambling    total lies! ",0
18771,JUDGE JEANINE SOUNDS FREE SPEECH ALARM: “They are trying to silence you…It’s time to fight back!” [Video],"Judge Jeanine lets it rip! She s concerned with the silencing of conservative voices in America: https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1&v=kxa9F0s3aHsBERKELEY, CALIFORNIA MAYOR IS PART OF ANTIFA: Americans were stunned when they were told the police officers were allegedly told to  stand down  and allow violent Antifa and Democrat rioters to attack students who came to hear schedule speaker and gay conservative Milo Yiannopolous at Berkeley College in February. It turns out that the mayor who was accused of telling the police to stand down may have had a motive for allowing conservatives to be threatened and physically harmed. Here s the description of BAMN from their Facebook page: BAMN   Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action, Integration, and Immigrant Rights and Fight for Equality By Any Means NecessaryWait, WHAT!? The mayor of Berkeley is a member of BAMN? Is that why we were arrested the moment we went near their leader Felarca? pic.twitter.com/nIjqPCVtwN  Gavin McInnes (@Gavin_McInnes) April 21, 2017Arreguin also appears to be Facebook friends with Yvette Falarco, a BAMN organizer and Berkeley middle school teacher with a long hidstory of instigating violence.#Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguin not only member of #BAMN but also friends of #RadicalLiberalTerrorist Yvette Falarco #AntiFA #DefundBerkeley pic.twitter.com/QnFPKCIHzU  TX Intense TV   (@TxIntenseRadio) April 21, 2017BAMN was named by the FBI in 2005 as thought to be involved in domestic terrorist activities, and have boasted that they were the  organizers of Berkeley s shutdown of white neo-fascist Milo Yiannopoulos. BAMN is perhaps best known, however, for a 2016 incident in which they showed up to a rally held by the white-nationalist Traditionalist Workers Party outside the California state capitol building in Sacramento. The militant group was confrontational with the white-nationalists within minutes of arrival, and ten people were stabbed and hospitalized in a bloody fight. Police have verified through videos taken by members of the group, news organizations, and bystanders, that BAMN initiated the violence. Falarco was caught on camera at the event repeatedly punching a man in the stomach and throwing him to the ground.Arreguin, a far-left liberal, made headlines in February for his tweets prior to BAMN organizing a riot to prevent right-wing political commentator Milo Yiannopoulos from speaking at the city s University of California campus. Using speech to silence marginalized communities and promote bigotry is unacceptable. Hate speech isn t welcome in our community,  Arreguin had tweeted.The mayor also referred to Yiannopoulos as a  white supremacist,  and was forced to issue an  apology. I consider much of what Mr. Yiannopoulos says to be hateful. But I regret and apologize for the white national label,  Arreguin tweeted.Hours after his tweet, supporters of President Donald Trump who hoped to listen to Yiannopoulos speak were under a violent attack. People were assaulted with pipes, a generator-powered spotlight was firebombed, and looters destroyed several businesses in the area including a Starbucks.The rioters smashed windows, spray painted violent messages all over the area   including  Kill Trump    and began committing arsons. It was estimated that the rioters caused $100,000 in damage to the MLK Student Union, and $400,000 to $500,000 in damage to the area surrounding the university.It was immediately alleged that the mayor had ordered the police to stand down and allow the violence and destruction.Arreguin denied the accusations, saying that the police strategy was ordered by the department, not him.  They did an excellent job in preventing further risk to safety,  he added.It was alleged by journalist and author Mike Cernovich, who broke the Susan Rice scandal as well as impending Syria strikes, that the FBI was investigating Arreguin role in the stand down.Civil Rights section of FBI has opened an investigation into mayor @JesseArreguin, for inciting riots and ordering to police to stand down. pic.twitter.com/uy5EbgcvSm  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) February 2, 2017Last weekend Antifa showed up to shut down the free speech of Trump supporters who were rallying in Berkeley, CA and were surprised by the number of pro-Trump patriots who weren t going to sit back and allow themselves to be beaten.Watch these two stunning interviews, where police officers almost admit to this liberal reporter that they ve been told to stand down:I tell a police officer I've been seeing people get beat up all day and they haven't been around. ""Okay, and?"" he says. pic.twitter.com/OuGEcvvb8R  Shane Bauer (@shane_bauer) April 15, 2017This police officer is clearly agitated that he s being asked why he s ignoring the violence:I ask a cop why they've been hanging back as a brawl is happening half a block away in Berkeley. ""I'm not at liberty to discuss my tactics."" pic.twitter.com/teGEYBV1ho  Shane Bauer (@shane_bauer) April 15, 2017The last time violence erupted in Berkeley when anti-Trump terrorists attacked members of a pro-Trump rally, Americans were stunned to see police officers standing by and watching the violence unfold without making any attempt to stop it",0
18772,FIRST FEMALE MUSLIM Legislator Votes To Make Life Insurance Companies Do The UNTHINKABLE For Dead Terrorists [VIDEO],"She burst on the scene last August when she upset a 44-year incumbent Democrat in the Minnesota state primary elections to become the nation s first female Muslim state legislator.Ilhan Omar, the 34-year-old community organizer who came to America as a refugee from Somalia, was touted by Democrats as a model success story. From a refugee camp to the State Capitol with intelligence and insight,  beamed former Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak, who endorsed Omar.  This is a wonderful story to tell as Americans, and a great source of pride for the state of Minnesota s open arms. But on Thursday Omar made her mark in another way.She was one of only two members of the Minnesota State House to vote against a bill that would allow life insurance companies to deny payouts to the beneficiaries of terrorists who die in violent attacks on Americans.Omar, who represents the heavily immigrant Cedar Riverside area of Minneapolis, was joined by fellow Democratic Rep. John Lesch of St. Paul in voting against the bill.Omar s vote sticks out because at least 42 Somali refugees have been confirmed by the FBI to have left the U.S. to join overseas terrorist organizations, including al-Shabab, the al-Qaida affiliate in Somalia, and ISIS in Syria and Iraq.Dozens of other Somali-Americans have been tried and/or convicted of providing material support to overseas terrorists.The Minneapolis-St. Paul area is home to the nation s largest Somali refugee community.The Minnesota insurance bill was introduced by Rep. Joe Hoppe, R-Chaska, in response to Syed Farook s jihadist rampage in San Bernardino, California, in December 2015 in which he shot and killed 14 people and injured 22 at an office Christmas party. Farook made sure his life insurance policies worth $275,000 were valid before conducting the deadly shooting with help from his wife, Tashfeen Malik.After Farook died in a shootout with police, his mother fought to remain the beneficiary of the life insurance policies. The insurance company balked and the case has gone to court.Democratic Rep. Debra Hilstrom said the goal of the Minnesota bill  is to make certain that folks don t benefit [from terrorism] and this limits the beneficiary to the premiums that were paid in. It limits the exposure for the insurance company when someone is committing an act of terrorism.   WNDWatch:",0
18773,MINNESOTA: FIRST FEMALE MUSLIM Legislator Votes To Make Life Insurance Companies Do The UNTHINKABLE For Dead Terrorists [VIDEO],"She burst on the scene last August when she upset a 44-year incumbent Democrat in the Minnesota state primary elections to become the nation s first female Muslim state legislator.Ilhan Omar, the 34-year-old community organizer who came to America as a refugee from Somalia, was touted by Democrats as a model success story. From a refugee camp to the State Capitol with intelligence and insight,  beamed former Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak, who endorsed Omar.  This is a wonderful story to tell as Americans, and a great source of pride for the state of Minnesota s open arms. But on Thursday Omar made her mark in another way.She was one of only two members of the Minnesota State House to vote against a bill that would allow life insurance companies to deny payouts to the beneficiaries of terrorists who die in violent attacks on Americans.Omar, who represents the heavily immigrant Cedar Riverside area of Minneapolis, was joined by fellow Democratic Rep. John Lesch of St. Paul in voting against the bill.Omar s vote sticks out because at least 42 Somali refugees have been confirmed by the FBI to have left the U.S. to join overseas terrorist organizations, including al-Shabab, the al-Qaida affiliate in Somalia, and ISIS in Syria and Iraq.Dozens of other Somali-Americans have been tried and/or convicted of providing material support to overseas terrorists.The Minneapolis-St. Paul area is home to the nation s largest Somali refugee community.The Minnesota insurance bill was introduced by Rep. Joe Hoppe, R-Chaska, in response to Syed Farook s jihadist rampage in San Bernardino, California, in December 2015 in which he shot and killed 14 people and injured 22 at an office Christmas party. Farook made sure his life insurance policies worth $275,000 were valid before conducting the deadly shooting with help from his wife, Tashfeen Malik.After Farook died in a shootout with police, his mother fought to remain the beneficiary of the life insurance policies. The insurance company balked and the case has gone to court.Democratic Rep. Debra Hilstrom said the goal of the Minnesota bill  is to make certain that folks don t benefit [from terrorism] and this limits the beneficiary to the premiums that were paid in. It limits the exposure for the insurance company when someone is committing an act of terrorism.   WNDWatch:",0
18774,CLASSIC TRUMP! President Trump Announces Where He’ll Be On Eve Of White House Correspondents Dinner…CHECK MATE!,"On the eve of the upcoming 2017 White House Correspondents Dinner, President Trump will be miles away from DC and from the lion s den of so-called reporters who would love nothing more than to destroy him at the event. President Trump has chosen instead to spend the evening connecting with the voters who shocked the nation when they overwhelmingly turned out for him on election day in the formerly blue state of Pennsylvania.Trump made the announcement on Twitter:  Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it! Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 22, 2017Only 6 years ago, hundreds of leftist media hacks were doubled over in laughter while Barack Obama openly mocked Donald Trump at the 2011 White House Correspondents dinner.Little did the media at that White House Correspondents Dinner know, that the man they were so thrilled to see being mocked by our former Community Organizer in Chief would be our next President. They never dreamed that the man they were mocking while he sat defenseless that night would literally turn the once  trusted  media on its head. For the first time ever, Trump forced the media to play defense instead of assuming the offensive posture they d been used to taking against Republicans and conservatives for decades. Trump shamed them for using their publications and networks to promote the Democrat Party and their radical agenda, and America cheered.McKay Coppins of Buzzfeed wrote about the mistake Obama made that night when he brought the  birther  nonsense to a head which (according to her) overrode Obama s better judgment and led him to tear into Trump to his face:On the night of the dinner, Trump took his seat at the center of the ballroom, perfectly situated so that all 2,500 lawmakers, movie stars, journalists, and politicos in attendance could see him .But as soon as the plates were cleared and the program began, it became agonizingly clear that Trump was not royalty in this room: He was the court jester.The president used his speech to pummel Trump with one punchline after another When host Seth Meyers took the mic, he piled on with his own rat-a-tat of jokes, many of which seemed designed deliberately to inflame Trump s outer-borough insecurities:  His whole life is models and gold leaf and marble columns, but he still sounds like a know-it-all down at the OTB.  The longer the night went on, the more conspicuous Trump s glower became. He didn t offer a self-deprecating chuckle, or wave warmly at the cameras, or smile with the practiced good humor of the aristocrats and A-listers who know they must never allow themselves to appear threatened by a joke at their expense. Instead, Trump just sat there, stone-faced, stunned, simmering   Carrie at the prom covered in pig s blood. Watch:Obama, of course, had his reasons for wanting petty vengeance over the birth certificate controversy, which he not-unreasonably regarded as racist. But he s also the prime example of a guy who has always been the coolest kid in the room ( I m LeBron, baby ), and the spectacle of him using the platform of an event originally designed for l se-majest  to lock arms with a TV comic and gang-tackle Trump s ego to his face to the laughter of a crowd that Obama fit into and Trump didn t is one of the more graceless things he s done. His speechwriters, John Favreau and Jon Lovett, express some remorse now for having let the  circus-like atmosphere  goad them, and Obama, into it. One doubts that the president has any second thoughts; he rarely does.But what comes off clearly is that the WHCD has become just another vehicle for amplifying, rather than leavening, the presidential megaphone and the bitterness of our present politics, while widening the gulf between the DC  cool kids  and the rest of the country. It s a tradition that has outlived its usefulness, and should die.  National ReviewObama used his last White House Correspondents dinner to joke about it possibly being  perhaps the last White House Correspondents Dinner . It may have been the only thing he said that night that may actually turn out to be true.",0
18775,DIAMOND AND SILK Open Up LARGE Can Of WHOOP A$$ On Maxine Waters In PAINFULLY FUNNY Video,"Hollywood actor James Woods tweeted about Trump s #1 fans Diamond and Silk today. In his tweet Woods asks,  OMG. Why do these two gems of social media not have their own TV show? They are comedy genius #rockstars! @DiamondandSilk #ComedyPlatinumOMG. Why do these two gems of social media not have their own TV show? They are comedy genius #rockstars! @DiamondandSilk #ComedyPlatinum https://t.co/IFLM83KmKl  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) April 20, 2017If you don t know who Diamond and Silk are, you re missing one of the most entertaining and downright unexplainable elements of Donald Trump s campaign for president.Diamond and Silk are people sisters from North Carolina, to be exact and outspoken surrogates for Trump. Such a description obscures, however, what has made the pair a must-see act on the campaign trail. Indeed, more than anything, what distinguishes Diamond and Silk from your run-of-the-mill pro-Trump talking heads is not just that they re black women (that is pretty remarkable itself), but their undeniable gifts for debate and punditry.Lynnette Hardaway (Diamond) and Rochelle Richardson (Silk) didn t seek out the limelight. The two say they launched their YouTube channel, The Viewers View, simply because they were tired of being talked at by media elites and wanted to talk back. The first video posted to  The Viewers View  was a Black Lives Matter tribute, but it didn t take long before the sisters set their sights on Trump. Weeks after Trump announced he was entering the presidential race, Diamond uploaded her first pro-Trump video entitled,  Dump the rest of those Chumps and vote for Donald Trump in 2016.  Diamond was joined by Silk for their next video, a discussion of the investigation into Sandra Bland s death in police custody. It was their second video together, however, that went viral and eventually led to Diamond and Silk joining Trump on the campaign trail.  ComplexLeftists are perplexed by the support of President Trump by these two outspoken black women. What they don t realize is that Diamond and Silk are speaking out for millions of frustrated Americans of every race across America. Watch Diamond and Silk, as they call out the problem with ILLEGAL immigration in America in the video below. Through their videos, these ladies have been able to expose the truth about serious social and economic issues that are facing our nation and are only being reported from a liberal view by the mainstream media. With the perfect blend of comedy and seriousness, they have been able to tap into the feelings of frustrated Americans who feel like they re voices are being ignored. After watching one of their videos, these ladies will almost always leave you feeling like you want to stand up and cheer!Two months before the election, Rolling Stones magazine did a hit piece on them. Tessa Stuart, the author of the article used several unfounded examples of racism by Trump or his campaign as a reason that Diamond and Silk should disavow him and run for the hood that the Democrat Party supports. Diamond and Silk simply laughed off attempts by the media to shame them.From the Rolling Stone article:When sister act Diamond and Silk take the stage, though, the audience, sparse as it is, erupts in cheers.  Ditch and switch!  hollers a barrel-bellied man in an  I Love Women Who Vote Trump  shirt, referring to the duo s campaign to encourage Democrats to register as Republicans.Diamond and Silk beam back at the crowd.  Oh my goodness!  Diamond, the taller one, coos appreciatively. She cuts to the chase:  First of all, if y all haven t noticed: We black  . And just because we black, we found out, that doesn t mean we have to vote Democrat. Uproarious applause.  We can come off the Democratic plantation, and we can vote for whoever we want to vote for.  Silk, standing to Diamond s left, bobs her head in agreement.Diamond, who possesses the timbre and timing of a revivalist minister, goes on.  We don t need the media spoon-feeding us a narrative. We can think for ourselves, and we started thinking for ourselves. And in Donald J. Trump, we see a man that never wavers, nor does he back down, and that s what we love.  She pauses for emphasis.  I love ev-er-y-thing about Donald J. Trump. He can do no wrong in my eyes. For Diamond and Silk, loving ev-er-y-thing about Donald Trump means loving him in spite of his years-long racist birther campaign, and his various degrading remarks about black people, like,  Laziness is a trait in blacks,  and,  You re living in poverty, your schools are no good, you have no jobs  . What the hell do you have to lose? It means loving him in spite of the bogus statistics about the African-American community he repeats ( 58 percent of your youth is unemployed ) and retweets ( blacks killed 81% of white homicide victims ), and overlooking both the Department of Justice lawsuit accusing Trump and his father of housing discrimination and the long, demonstrated history of racial bias at other Trump properties.And it means loving him right alongside his other supporters, the ones affiliated with the KKK, the neo-Nazis, the white nationalist movement and assorted militia groups.Diamond and Silk know all this, and they love him anyway.Anyone who thinks these ladies give a hoot about what the liberal media has to say about them or their beloved new president Donald Trump hasn t been watching their videos ",0
18776,ONE VIDEO Perfectly Illustrates Why Liberals Wanted BILL O’REILLY Off The Air,"Bill O Reilly was dismissed overnight from FOX News allegedly over allegations of sexual harassment by at least six women. Was O Reilly ousted from FOX News over allegations made by women like the one who is already out promoting herself on TV shows like  The View , or because he DEMANDED both sides of the story were being heard on his show? (Watch one of the accuser s interviews on The View HERE.)Bill O Reilly took on highly controversial topics on his FOX News  The O Reilly Factor  show that other TV hosts wouldn t touch for fear of being labeled by the left as a  racist,  a  hate-monger  or  a right-wing nazi sympathizer!  O Reilly demanded both sides of the story were being told and for over 20 years he was able to rise to the top for having the courage to do just that on his wildly popular  The O Reilly Factor  show. Bill wasn t afraid to invite flame-throwers like Al Sharpton to appear on his show, in fact he relished it. O Reilly knew that if he was able to get these bad-actors on his show, that through logical discourse, he would very likely be able to expose them to his massive audience. Almost like magic, within 10-15 minutes O Reilly  was usually able to discredit them while exposing their hidden radical agenda. The video below is a perfect example of how with a respectful tone, and with composure that most of us wouldn t be able to maintain, he forces his radical leftist guests to explain their positions. By dissecting their argument and forcing them to explain themselves to his viewers, he was able to expose the hypocrisy and lies of their positions.In the interview below, O Reilly attempts to expose how the  Democratic Party is trying to undermine federal law, undermine law enforcement in general and upend our capitalistic system.  O Reilly asks a VERY IMPORTANT question of his viewers,  How many Americans even know that it is happening?  In his interview with Criminal Defense Attorney Kisha Hebdan and NYC Councilman Humane Williams, Bill O Reilly exposes the hypocrisy of the left and their support for Black Lives Matter, Abortion and illegal immigration. There aren t too many hosts who can attack all three of these very controversial subjects in one interview, but then again, that s why O Reilly had substantially more viewers than any other news host on cable TV. That s also a very good reason to eliminate him from your lineup if you re James and Lachlan Murdoch, the two liberal sons of Rupert Murdoch, who owns the FOX News network where the #1-rated host Bill O Reilly has reached a massive audience for over 20 years.Watch one video that perfectly illustrates why the left is cheering from the rooftops now that Bill O Reilly no longer has the ability to expose them: As an added bonus, watch Bill O Reilly as he exposed the lies of the left being pushed on Americans about police officers using racial hatred by low-life race-baiters like Al Sharpton:In this video, O Reilly continues to expose the lies of the left about the racial divide in America. Bill O Reilly points out  Racial politics are abhorrent and black Americans should rebel against them. Earlier this week we published a story about the liberal sons of Rupert Murdoch and about their liberal wives, one of whom regularly posts anti-Trump tweets and is employed by the Clinton Climate Initiative.From the article IS FOX NEWS ABOUT TO BECOME CNN? : ",0
18777,HEY “SIMPLETONS”…We’ve Got Great News! The Left Is Going To Help You Identify “Fake News” [VIDEO],"Lauren Southern is one tough reporter. She s not afraid to jump into the middle of the fire in order to get the truth out to Americans who rely on unreliable leftist sources of information like NYT s, The Huffington Post, PBS, The Washington Post,  CNN, MSNBC, ABC, NBC, CBS. She starts out her video sarcastically telling her viewers,  As we know, right-leaning viewers like myself are some of the most gullible people on the planet.  Southern then tells readers not to worry because, Our corporate masters are so kind and helpful, making sure no wrong thing gets through to our little ignorant minds.  She tells viewers not to worry, us half-wits  are in good hands, because social media corporations like Facebook and Google are helping you out by  cracking down on fake news sources  by using leftist sources like Snopes and Politfact to tell you what you should, and should not believe:  I don t know about you, but once I found out about this amazing system, I realized just how lucky I am that now only myself or any other simpletons online will fall for lies ever again.   Sometimes  fake news  doesn t just blow up in the metaphorical sense, where everyone shares it around on social media, but literally as well. In 1993 NBC actually rigged a truck with explosives in order to claim  General Motors vans were likely to catch on fire after crashing. Lauren has a few tips for Americans who are sick and tired of being told which news people should, or should not believe in. Southern starts out her video rant by pointing out how  fortunate  we are to have large corporations who she identifies as our  corporate masters with a liberal bent telling  right-leaning voters like myself, who are some of the most gullible people on the planet what is and isn t  fake news.' Southern warns against trusting that a group of left-leaning social media corporations have your best interests in mind when they hire leftist organizations to tell you what news you should or should not believe. She asks her viewers:  With all of the fake news that is floating around, what are we supposed to do? Well, it seems like we have 2 options: The first one is to stop reading the news permanently. We all know the corporate media will lie to you for profit. Google is filtering what we see. Facebook is surpassing stories that have a conservative bent and stops them from trending at all. I personally prefer option 2 where Facebook and Google and whoever else can just stop pretending to be the complete arbiters of truth with their stupid filters and promises of  objectivity  and go let s back to using our own heads to discern what is and is not a real news story, and compare and contrast facts provided by all news sites from all political viewpoints. It s not that hard. So Facebook, Google and all the rest of you who want to control our news, why don t you guys just screw off! By the way, it s not just Facebook and Google that are helping you to decide what you should and shouldn t believe, Twitter and Youtube are joining in to help viewers determine what content that users post on their social media platforms they deem  reliable  or  unreliable.  Behind the curtain, you will likely find hosts from CNN, MSNBC, ABC, CBS, NBC clapping their hands like seals, as this effort to shut down alternate media sources is beginning to effect revenue streams of top conservative sites like Breitbart News. Like a  Scarlett Letter,  advertisers are now using lists provided to them by leftist organizations to determine who they should or should not advertise with. And since there are very few (if any) left-leaning websites on those lists, you may have already guessed it, publications like the NYT s who have been losing huge amounts of ad revenues to alternative news sources that are eating their lunches, will be able to re-pocket those profits once they regain their monopoly on the news.",0
18778,WOW! BERKELEY MAYOR Who Allegedly Told Police To “Stand Down” Is Part Of Antifa Terrorist Facebook Group,"Americans were stunned when they were told the police officers were allegedly told to  stand down  and allow violent Antifa and Democrat rioters to attack students who came to hear schedule speaker and gay conservative Milo Yiannopolous at Berkeley College in February. It turns out that the mayor who was accused of telling the police to stand down may have had a motive for allowing conservatives to be threatened and physically harmed. Here s the description of BAMN from their Facebook page: BAMN   Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action, Integration, and Immigrant Rights and Fight for Equality By Any Means NecessaryWait, WHAT!? The mayor of Berkeley is a member of BAMN? Is that why we were arrested the moment we went near their leader Felarca? pic.twitter.com/nIjqPCVtwN  Gavin McInnes (@Gavin_McInnes) April 21, 2017Arreguin also appears to be Facebook friends with Yvette Falarco, a BAMN organizer and Berkeley middle school teacher with a long hidstory of instigating violence.#Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguin not only member of #BAMN but also friends of #RadicalLiberalTerrorist Yvette Falarco #AntiFA #DefundBerkeley pic.twitter.com/QnFPKCIHzU  TX Intense TV   (@TxIntenseRadio) April 21, 2017BAMN was named by the FBI in 2005 as thought to be involved in domestic terrorist activities, and have boasted that they were the  organizers of Berkeley s shutdown of white neo-fascist Milo Yiannopoulos. BAMN is perhaps best known, however, for a 2016 incident in which they showed up to a rally held by the white-nationalist Traditionalist Workers Party outside the California state capitol building in Sacramento. The militant group was confrontational with the white-nationalists within minutes of arrival, and ten people were stabbed and hospitalized in a bloody fight. Police have verified through videos taken by members of the group, news organizations, and bystanders, that BAMN initiated the violence. Falarco was caught on camera at the event repeatedly punching a man in the stomach and throwing him to the ground.Arreguin, a far-left liberal, made headlines in February for his tweets prior to BAMN organizing a riot to prevent right-wing political commentator Milo Yiannopoulos from speaking at the city s University of California campus. Using speech to silence marginalized communities and promote bigotry is unacceptable. Hate speech isn t welcome in our community,  Arreguin had tweeted.The mayor also referred to Yiannopoulos as a  white supremacist,  and was forced to issue an  apology. I consider much of what Mr. Yiannopoulos says to be hateful. But I regret and apologize for the white national label,  Arreguin tweeted.Hours after his tweet, supporters of President Donald Trump who hoped to listen to Yiannopoulos speak were under a violent attack. People were assaulted with pipes, a generator-powered spotlight was firebombed, and looters destroyed several businesses in the area including a Starbucks.The rioters smashed windows, spray painted violent messages all over the area   including  Kill Trump    and began committing arsons. It was estimated that the rioters caused $100,000 in damage to the MLK Student Union, and $400,000 to $500,000 in damage to the area surrounding the university.It was immediately alleged that the mayor had ordered the police to stand down and allow the violence and destruction.Arreguin denied the accusations, saying that the police strategy was ordered by the department, not him.  They did an excellent job in preventing further risk to safety,  he added.It was alleged by journalist and author Mike Cernovich, who broke the Susan Rice scandal as well as impending Syria strikes, that the FBI was investigating Arreguin role in the stand down.Civil Rights section of FBI has opened an investigation into mayor @JesseArreguin, for inciting riots and ordering to police to stand down. pic.twitter.com/uy5EbgcvSm  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) February 2, 2017Last weekend Antifa showed up to shut down the free speech of Trump supporters who were rallying in Berkeley, CA and were surprised by the number of pro-Trump patriots who weren t going to sit back and allow themselves to be beaten.Watch these two stunning interviews, where police officers almost admit to this liberal reporter that they ve been told to stand down:I tell a police officer I've been seeing people get beat up all day and they haven't been around. ""Okay, and?"" he says. pic.twitter.com/OuGEcvvb8R  Shane Bauer (@shane_bauer) April 15, 2017This police officer is clearly agitated that he s being asked why he s ignoring the violence:I ask a cop why they've been hanging back as a brawl is happening half a block away in Berkeley. ""I'm not at liberty to discuss my tactics."" pic.twitter.com/teGEYBV1ho  Shane Bauer (@shane_bauer) April 15, 2017The last time violence erupted in Berkeley when anti-Trump terrorists attacked members of a pro-Trump rally, Americans were stunned to see police officers standing by and watching the violence unfold without making any attempt to stop it",0
18779,BREAKING NEWS: SECOND MUSLIM Doctor And Wife ARRESTED In MI For Genital Mutilation On 6-8 Yr Old Girls,"The alleged genital mutilations were NOT performed by Dr. Nagarwala at the Henry Ford Hospital in Dearborn, MI. Authorities are saying the procedures took place at the Dr. Attar owned Burhani Medical Clinic in Livonia, MI.Now a second Michigan doctor and his wife have been  arrested on charges of performing female genital mutilation on minors, according to breaking news from the U.S. Justice Department Friday.Fakhruddin Attar, 53, and his wife, Farida Attar, 50, of Livonia, were both arrested and have been charged with conspiring to perform female genital mutilations on minor girls out of Dr. Attar s medical clinic in Livonia.Authorities say Dr. Attar owned Burhani Medical Clinic in Livonia, which is where a Detroit emergency room doctor who was arrested last week is accused of performing FGM on minor girls. Authorities say Dr. Attar s wife is employed at Burhani Medical Clinic as an office manager. Authorities believe the husband and wife arranged and assisted in the FGM procedures performed by the Detroit doctor, Dr. Jumana Nagarwala.Authorities say Dr. Nagarwala never worked at Burhani Medical Clinic, therefore the office has no record of her billing for medical procedures there. Nargawala was arrested in Detroit on April 12.The FGM investigation at Burhani Medical Clinic has identified two young girls from Minnesota who have been operated on by Dr. Nagarwala. Other minor girls in Michigan may have undergone procedures as well.The defense argued, claiming no female genital mutilation took place, instead, a religious removal of a mucus membrane from the genitals which was wrapped up and given to the parents to bury   a practice they say is performed by a small sect of Indian-based Islam called Dawoodi Bohra.  FOX 2 Detroit ",0
18780,"DIAMOND AND SILK Open Up LARGE Can Of WHOOP A$$ On Maxine Waters In PAINFULLY FUNNY VIDEO: “When You Come For Donald Trump, We’re Coming For You!”","OMG. Why do these two gems of social media not have their own TV show? They are comedy genius #rockstars! @DiamondandSilk #ComedyPlatinum https://t.co/IFLM83KmKl  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) April 20, 2017Diamond and Silk are not happy about hypocrite Maxine Waters attacks on President Trump and they re not mincing any words in their latest (and possible their funniest) video where they brutally admonish Waters. The great thing about Diamond and Silk is that they are able to voice their opinions about the failures of black politicians like Maxine Waters without fear of being labeled  racists  for disagreeing with her.If you don t know who Diamond and Silk are, you re missing one of the most entertaining and downright unexplainable elements of Donald Trump s campaign for president.Diamond and Silk are people sisters from North Carolina, to be exact and outspoken surrogates for Trump. Such a description obscures, however, what has made the pair a must-see act on the campaign trail. Indeed, more than anything, what distinguishes Diamond and Silk from your run-of-the-mill pro-Trump talking heads is not just that they re black women (that is pretty remarkable itself), but their undeniable gifts for debate and punditry.Lynnette Hardaway (Diamond) and Rochelle Richardson (Silk) didn t seek out the limelight. The two say they launched their YouTube channel, The Viewers View, simply because they were tired of being talked at by media elites and wanted to talk back. The first video posted to  The Viewers View  was a Black Lives Matter tribute, but it didn t take long before the sisters set their sights on Trump. Weeks after Trump announced he was entering the presidential race, Diamond uploaded her first pro-Trump video entitled,  Dump the rest of those Chumps and vote for Donald Trump in 2016.  Diamond was joined by Silk for their next video, a discussion of the investigation into Sandra Bland s death in police custody. It was their second video together, however, that went viral and eventually led to Diamond and Silk joining Trump on the campaign trail.  ComplexLeftists are perplexed by the support of President Trump by these two outspoken black women. What they don t realize is that Diamond and Silk are speaking out for millions of frustrated Americans of every race across America. Watch Diamond and Silk, as they call out the problem with ILLEGAL immigration in America in the video below. Through their videos, these ladies have been able to expose the truth about serious social and economic issues that are facing our nation and are only being reported from a liberal view by the mainstream media. With the perfect blend of comedy and seriousness, they have been able to tap into the feelings of frustrated Americans who feel like they re voices are being ignored. After watching one of their videos, these ladies will almost always leave you feeling like you want to stand up and cheer!When sister act Diamond and Silk take the stage, though, the audience, sparse as it is, erupts in cheers.  Ditch and switch!  hollers a barrel-bellied man in an  I Love Women Who Vote Trump  shirt, referring to the duo s campaign to encourage Democrats to register as Republicans.Diamond and Silk beam back at the crowd.  Oh my goodness!  Diamond, the taller one, coos appreciatively. She cuts to the chase:  First of all, if y all haven t noticed: We black  . And just because we black, we found out, that doesn t mean we have to vote Democrat. Uproarious applause.  We can come off the Democratic plantation, and we can vote for whoever we want to vote for.  Silk, standing to Diamond s left, bobs her head in agreement.Diamond, who possesses the timbre and timing of a revivalist minister, goes on.  We don t need the media spoon-feeding us a narrative. We can think for ourselves, and we started thinking for ourselves. And in Donald J. Trump, we see a man that never wavers, nor does he back down, and that s what we love.  She pauses for emphasis.  I love ev-er-y-thing about Donald J. Trump. He can do no wrong in my eyes. For Diamond and Silk, loving ev-er-y-thing about Donald Trump means loving him in spite of his years-long racist birther campaign, and his various degrading remarks about black people, like,  Laziness is a trait in blacks,  and,  You re living in poverty, your schools are no good, you have no jobs  . What the hell do you have to lose? It means loving him in spite of the bogus statistics about the African-American community he repeats ( 58 percent of your youth is unemployed ) and retweets ( blacks killed 81% of white homicide victims ), and overlooking both the Department of Justice lawsuit accusing Trump and his father of housing discrimination and the long, demonstrated history of racial bias at other Trump properties.And it means loving him right alongside his other supporters, the ones affiliated with the KKK, the neo-Nazis, the white nationalist movement and assorted militia groups.Diamond and Silk know all this, and they love him anyway.Anyone who thinks these ladies give a hoot about what the liberal media has to say about them or their beloved new president Donald Trump hasn t been watching their videos ",0
18781,GET OFF OUR CAMPUS! How Universities Plan To “Weed Out” Conservative Professors…Only Hire Liberal Educators,"United States universities are obsessed with hiring politically correct professors through mandatory  diversity statements,  according to an explosive report released in March by the Oregon Association of Scholars (OAS) and reported by The College Fix.Coming from one of the nation s most liberal states, the scholars can argue that they know first-hand what they are writing about.Their report focuses on how universities and colleges use  diversity statements  and their insistence that professors agree with them, as the means by which post-secondary institutions  weed out non left-wing scholars  and hire liberals.These diversity statements are integral to liberal ideology the OAS argues, arguing that it is the doctrine of group victimization and their subsequent claims for group-based entitlements that mark diversity statements as  partisan litmus tests  to ensure ideological purity of faculty.The association notes that it is now routine for universities to provide a diversity statement template that is like a checklist for progressive causes. These templates insist that professors will wholeheartedly agree to  keep the white students from dominating all classroom discussions,  and  reflect a commitment to queer visibility,  while advising students against the temptation to  thoughtlessly reproduce the standard white and Western model of legitimate knowledge. More than 20 colleges enforce a requirement that faculty demonstrate their commitment to the ideals of  diversity, equity, and inclusion,  the OAS found. However, they say this is only the tip of the political correctness iceberg as many post-secondary institutions do not directly enforce the diversity requirement but administer it through coercion and that many institutions demand adherence to diversity statements for entrance to Ph.D. programs or when applying for a university job.The University of Oregon used a diversity statement scheme like this when it ordered that a faculty member s teaching must  reflect the diversity of the field, including the racial, ethnic, and gender diversity of its scholars and practitioners.  The university also demands that professors exercise good faith in  incorporating issues of equity, implicit bias, and cultural understanding in new faculty searches.  For entire story  Daily Caller ",0
18782,"ARROGANT Former ILLEGAL ALIEN Brags About Using Fake SS Number, Says Border Wall Is “Expression Of Hate”…Gets DESTROYED By Tucker [VIDEO]","Julissa Arce, who is now a Vice President at Goldman Sachs was a guest on Tucker Carlson s show last night. Tucker asked her about her use of an illegal social security number. Arce claimed that she was very fortunate to marry a US citizen and is now a US citizen. Tucker reminds her that using a fake social security number is a felony. Arce quickly explained to Carlson that using a fake social security number is not a felony in every state.  She then went on to explain to Tucker how she had to violate our laws because they were unjust. While her story is compelling because she became an American citizen (through marriage) and is a contributing member to our economy and to our tax base, the bottom line is that she was in our country illegally and used a fake social security number that allowed her  to deceive employers, educational facilities and likely social services reserved for legal American citizens.Tucker Carlson tried to ask her why she was against the building of a wall to protect our nation, at which point, she started to use an argument that it would cost taxpayers too much money. Tucker called her out, and reminded her that she had called the building of a wall on our US-Mexican border (that most Americans want to see built) a  symbol of hate , Tucker then went on to tell her that he found her opinion on the building of wall to be  ungrateful  to a country that has given her so much. Carlson continued,  I don t understand why a country s desire to protect its border is an expression of hate.   Arce went back to her argument about the cost of the wall being her real objection to construction of the wall. Tucker pressed on asking,  Why is hateful to want to build a wall ?  After Arce finally realized Carlson was not about to let her off the hook, she answered the question honestly,  It is a hateful symbol. It is  a symbol of hate against immigrants. It is a symbol of hate against uh Mexican immigrants, which you know, the precedent, uhh  that Mr. Trump ran his campaign on.  Tucker pressed on,  I just want to get to the bottom of this because you re throwing around language that has an effect on people s attitudes and it s pretty heavy duty, because it presumes motives that you can t know. You don t know that people who support the wall hate Mexicans immigrants. A lot of people come across that border, are not from Mexico as you know, they re Central Americans. Is it legitimate, is it morally legitimate for an American to say,  I want to control of who comes into my county  and we don t have that, so a wall will reestablish that control. For you to denounce that as  hate  seems a little much. Watch: ",0
18783,PRICELESS! BERNIE SANDERS Tells MSNBC Host He’s NOT A Democrat While Touring With DNC Chair To Promote Dem Party [VIDEO],"Democrats are having a tough week. First their golden boy Jon Ossoff wasn t able to pull off an upset in the George special election to replace Rep. Tom Price in a  red-leaning  district, and now Tom Perez appears to be imploding, as he travels around with the best the Democrats have to offer, Socialist Bernie Sanders. Sanders still appears to be wildly popular with the  free sh*t  crowd that the Democrats created after decades of promising voters they would give them something for nothing in exchange for votes.When it comes to pulling the fractured Democratic Party together, DNC Chair Tom Perez was clearly not the best choice following Hillary s blistering loss to President Trump. The day before his interview with Joy Reid on MSNBC Tom Perez was introduced by the leader of the Maine Young Democrats Claire Cumming. The video shows Cumming attempting to get the crowd excited by the mere mention of socialist Bernie Sanders, Regardless of why you showed up today, you showed up for a reason. Something compelled you to find the space and time to be here, and I want you to ask yourself what that reason is.   Maybe it s because you love a certain senator from Vermont,  she suggested, while the crowd began to chant  Bernie!   Maybe you came because you re curious about the new DNC chairman and the future of the Democratic  The  boos  drowned her out.Watch the millennials  boo  Perez as Cumming appears to be surprised by their reaction to this name: National Review -Those jeers served as a stark reminder that there is a lot more to unity than the mere insistence that it exists. Sanders s popularity continues to be a thorn in the Democratic establishments side.Evidently, Perez is working hard to rally the base. He curses about Republicans from the podium; praises Sanders often; and has so far stuck considerably to the left of the political center. Given the state of the party   and the scale of the challenge that it faces   an ecumenical approach makes sense. But the power of anti-establishment sentiment can swiftly overwhelm even the most ostensibly sensible strategies, as Tom Perez may soon discover to his detriment, and turning him into an asset has proven a difficult balancing act.  During his talk last night, Sanders again targeted perceived Democratic failures, saying  Our job is to radically transform the Democratic party.  Throughout, Sanders stuck to his talking points, even touting single-payer health care, which demonstrates the ample leeway Perez and the party are providing him on this speaking tour.  Watch Socialist Bernie Sanders tell MSNBC s Chris Hayes that he s NOT a Democrat in the midst of promoting Democrats on their  Democratic Unity Tour.  LOL!",0
18784,IS FOX ABOUT TO BECOME CNN? Leftist Wives Of Liberal Murdoch Sons Blamed For Firing Of Bill O’Reilly…TRASH Trump On Social Media,"It is difficult to exaggerate the significance of Fox News sacking of Bill O Reilly.Not only was he the single most dominant public figure in America s vast conservative media environment, his removal signals the growing power of James and Lachlan Murdoch in the world s most powerful media empire, their father Rupert Murdoch s 21st Century Fox.O Reilly was dismissed overnight following allegations of sexual harassment by at least six women. It has been reported that Lachlan s wife Sarah Murdoch helped influence the decision. Last year the former Fox News creator, Roger Ailes, was sacked in similar circumstances, going on to advise Donald Trump s presidential campaign.O Reilly has been a towering figure in American politics and culture since Murdoch and Ailes began to build the conservative Fox News channel and its identity around him in 1996. His evening talk program, The O Reilly Factor, was combative and trenchantly conservative, setting the tone for the entire channel, which soon came to dominate cable news and, in turn, the entire American news landscape. In January 2014, Fox News marked its 145th consecutive month as the No.1 rated cable news channel in the US. Sydney Morning HeraldJames Murdoch s wife works for the Clinton Climate Initiative. She is an outspoken hater of President Trump on Twitter and much of her hate is directed at his refusal to accept that man-made climate warming cooling change is settled science. Here are a few examples of the hate she spews for Donald Trump on Twitter:Clean energy jobs for many Americans or dirty energy money for a few polluters- this shouldn't be a hard choice. https://t.co/pdX6CPEYJm  Kathryn Murdoch (@KathrynAMurdoch) April 19, 2017Enough of President Bannon. President Jarvanka preferable.  Kathryn Murdoch (@KathrynAMurdoch) April 5, 2017""An angry reflex in search of an idea"" sums up a lot https://t.co/sof1ZB4paw  Kathryn Murdoch (@KathrynAMurdoch) March 28, 2017Bill O Reilly spent a considerable amount of time on his top rated show debunking phony man-made climate-change. Hmmm could there be a connection the #1 host on Fox News who had the ability to influence millions of people and his firing?New York Magazine s Gabriel Sherman, who has broken a string of stories about the changing of the guard inside Fox, wrote that, as allegations mounted against O Reilly, Rupert Murdoch wanted to stand by the host, while Lachlan and James wanted to sack him.The Murdochs  decision to dump O Reilly shocked many Fox News staffers I ve spoken to in recent days. Late last week, the feeling inside the company was that Rupert Murdoch would prevail over his son James, who lobbied to jettison the embattled host. It s still unclear exactly how the tide turned. According to one source, Lachlan Murdoch s wife helped convince her husband that O Reilly needed to go, which moved Lachlan into James s corner. The source added that senior executives at other divisions within the Murdoch empire have complained that if O Reilly s allegations had happened to anyone else at their companies, that person would be gone already.Has it actually been proven that Bill O Reilly is guilty or is America to believe that just because Rupert Murdoch s liberal sons (and/or their wives) want O Reilly gone that he is indeed guilty?Hollywood Reporter   Last July, after Gretchen Carlson sued the Murdoch-controlled 21st Century Fox and Roger Ailes, the then-head of Fox News Channel, for sexual harassment, Rupert Murdoch told his sons, both Ailes enemies, that paying off Carlson without a fight would mean more lawsuits. Easy-money settlements always bring more claims. James and Lachlan Murdoch, however, were eager to get rid of their nemesis, and the most direct way to do that was to accept Carlson s claims after a quickie investigation and then use a big payoff   $20 million   to end the dispute and calm the storm.Nine months later, the chickens coming home to roost, Fox has continued to collect a string of look-alike claims against Ailes and against ratings giant Bill O Reilly, with a firestorm of recent press attention on what The New York Times is calling the  O Reilly revelations.  What has been revealed is not evidence nor an admission of guilt but details of payments settling complaints against O Reilly   not a small distinction. You can assume maximal guilt, which the Times and other Fox haters do, or you can assume, as many lawyers do, that when there is money to be had, plaintiffs come out of the woodwork. ( Coming out of the woodwork  is a virtual term of art in big settlement tort cases).Murdoch Senior is said to be saying,  I told you so.  James, CEO of 21st Century Fox, is blaming it on the Fox News culture and has hired Paul Weiss, the same law firm that performed a two-week investigation of Ailes, to probe O Reilly (there is, too, a Department of Justice investigation of how settlement payments were made, which Rupert dismisses as DOJ liberal politics and which his sons see as indicating more Fox News dark arts). This is a reflection of greater family and company interests and conflicts. For 86-year-old Rupert, Fox News is a key part of his legacy, as well as the family company s health: the most profitable news outlet ever ($1.5 billion in profits this year) and among the most influential. For James, 44, and Lachlan, 45, the hope is to reshape this legacy, to move Fox away from what they see as its retro, Trump-style views toward, well, something nicer (and to do this profitably, they hope, somehow).It s a particular sort of irony that Fox, which, to the delight of its audience, built itself on rejecting liberal assumptions, might now be brought down by such a signature liberal assumption: Where there are charges of sexual harassment, there is sexual harassment. It s a kind of zeitgeist power play. After President Trump went out of his way to support O Reilly on April 5, The New York Times, which left little doubt that it accepted the truth of the allegations, noted  the president has a particular rapport with Mr. O Reilly, whose hectoring braggadocio and no-apologies nostalgia for a bygone American era mirror Mr. Trump s own. This is a curious view considering Trump won the presidency, and O Reilly is the highest-rated cable news host and, to boot, one of the best-selling authors in the country. So, more accurately, it may only be a bygone era for The New York Times and the liberal order that so furiously opposes and links Trump and Fox. But the cultural upper hand is a mighty one   and sexual harassment has become an issue so fraught, it largely precludes debate. Hence, advertisers are now fleeing O Reilly   seeming to make a moral judgment, but, practically speaking, just avoiding controversy (few, if any, have left the network entirely).Your narrative is your fate. It doesn t matter if O Reilly or Ailes did or didn t do the things they are accused of   no trial has occurred, no evidence has been released, no investigators  conclusions shared   their real guilt is that people believe they could have.Confusing matters, the Murdoch sons also see O Reilly and Ailes as part of a bygone era   their father s. Pay no attention that it was precisely this sensibility that has been such a powerful audience draw at Fox. (Of note, to the lasting outrage and confusion of liberals, Trump, despite the bygone era suggested by his Billy Bush  pussygate  tape, was elected anyway.) The Murdoch sons, while in important ways financially supported by the profitable, culturally backward views at Fox, see their job as taking the company into a new era.The sons  plan was to make Fox the network of Megyn Kelly rather than of Ailes and O Reilly. That plan foundered on widespread resentment at the network toward Kelly for her part in Ailes  ouster and on the election of Trump. Suddenly, Fox s  when America was great and men were men  appeal was even stronger.Murdoch Senior has remained largely remote from this dispute, but he reportedly has been paying attention again. He is said to be worried that his sons are moving toward a radical break    re-imagining Fox,  is what James is said to call it   and hastening the end of an era that, in television terms, so far has been more popular and unyielding than any cozier new one.",0
18785,THE VIEW Brings On Bill O’Reilly’s Sexual Harassment Accuser…Is This REALLY Sexual Harassment? [Video],"The last accuser who could have been the nail in the coffin for Bill O Reilly spoke on The View about her sexual harassment lawsuit. Perquita Burgess and her lawyer were on The View for their 15 minutes of fame. Attorney Lisa Bloom should know better than to send her client on to speak out about her allegations. Lisa Bloom has a track record as a high profile lawyer for cases like this She should know better but it could be that she s trying to gain sympathy for her client.Please listen to the video and let us know what you think about what she said and about sexual harassment in the workplace:O Reilly settled with other women over sexual harassment but how do we know if any of them has any credibility? How does a man protect himself from such charges?If this could be brought up on charges, then every high profile man out there needs a witness when he walks around anywhere.Are the comments (if true) that this woman said Bill O Reilly made considered sexual harassment to you? What exactly is sexual harassment? If it s how you feel then men are in big trouble because of all of the  offended  women out there. Should the definition be broader or should it be more narrowly defined. We feel with our litigious society, the cases for sexual harassment should be very closely scrutinized. ",0
18786,"VALERIE JARRETT Discusses Possibility Of Michelle Obama’s Run For Office With MSNBC Media Ally, Says Trump’s Win Was”Gut-Wrenching” [VIDEO]","In a harsh reminder of just how differently reporters treated the Obama Administration compared to the current administration. Mika couldn t contain her excitement at getting to talk to Jarrett even begging the former advisor repeatedly to get herself, Michelle or Barack involved in politics again, to  save the party. She began the sympathetic interview by empathizing how  rough  election night was for Democrats. She cooed to Jarrett,  There were some rough   I mean, election night, what was that like for you?After Jarrett answered that it was  gut-wrenching  but work still had to be done so they needed to move on, the MSNBC host harped on the election night  devastation  again: I still, though, wonder like, is there any flash in time, election night or in the days after, God, I saw some brutal pictures of some really devastated faces, could you ever have imagined and was there a moment when you realized the next president is going to be the man who rose to power on the birther movement, of all things?Though there s no denying Trump did help spread birther conspiracies prior to his campaign, so did Hillary Clinton. Her campaign was actually the first to raise these conspiracy theories during the 2008 election when she was running against then Senator Obama.Mika then asked Jarrett what she wish she d known before her first days in the White House. Jarrett responded with a scathing rebuke of  partisan  Republicans who had obstructed Obama from  day one  and were  terrified  at giving the  power back  to the  hands of the American people.   NewsbustersThe best part of the interview comes near the end when Mika implores Jarrett to ask Barack Obama to come back:  Could he come back and save the party? Tell them what to do?  Laughter What dingbat leftist Mika clearly doesn t understand is that community organizer Barack Obama is still running the party from DC and doesn t have any plans to go away Watch: You know, elections have consequences,  Jarrett told Mika.  It s part of why President Obama worked so hard during the campaign. And so when people show you who they are you can t be surprised when they actually then continue to fulfill what they said they were going to do. Here is the entire video:",0
18787,3 CONSERVATIVE CELEBRITIES Visited Trump Last Night And Hilariously Trolled A White House Picture Of Hillary,"Ted Nugent is all smiles, as he s pictured with President Donald Trump in the Oval Office:Rocker Ted Nugget s wife Shemane Nugent posted this video to Facebook of her husband excitedly telling fans about his visit to the White House as they flew to Washington DC:Shemane Nugent tells her Facebook followers what it was like to have dinner with President Trump:The best photo of the night was taken when Sarah Palin, Ted Nugent and Kid Rock hilariously trolled the White House photo of Hillary Clinton. Sarah Palin posted this picture of Kid Rock, his new fianc  Audrey Berry, Ted Nugent and his wife Shemane Nugent along with Sarah Palin and her daughter Bristol Meyer with the caption:  So Ted Nugent, Kid Rock and Sarah Palin walk into a bar With sons who hunt, the President is very aware of the misguided, anti-science and anti-hunting laws and regulations perpetrated by power abusing bureaucrats infesting our states and nation. I would say that the prognosis for hunter s rights has never been better for the future of hunting, fishing and trapping in America, I assure you.President Trump told me to not only give you his very best and a big presidential thank you for the phenomenal wildlife conservation force we have succeeded at, but also gave me his word that he is aware of the ongoing mistakes in wildlife mismanagement and his commitment to right the flurry of wrongs that get in the way of meaningful  wise-use  of our precious renewable wildlife resources.We didn t actually confirm that I will be organizing annual deerhunts at Camp David, but he is acutely aware of  wise-use  management versus  politically correct misuses  and vows to work diligently to make it right.We discussed various quality of life issues and how entrenched status quo political correctness has wrecked everything it has touched and how his administration is focused and dedicated to get back to the US Constitutional basics of government of, by and for the people.President Trump summed it up when he humbly and proudly stated that he works for  we the people  and he will not let us down.Sarah Palin speaks with President Trump in the Oval Office:Sarah Palin pictured speaking with Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner:Kid Rock has made several trips overseas to visit and perform for our troops. He s been a huge supporter of veterans and has even purchased homes here in our home state of Michigan for wounded warriors.Here s a video we took of Ted Nugent performing at Trump s final rally in Michigan the night before the election: ",0
18788,"COLLEGE PROFESSOR’S SEVERED TRUMP HEAD Painting Displayed In Art Gallery At Largest PUBLIC University In Alaska: “After Trump was elected, I spent days just weeping”","A painting on display at a University of Alaska Anchorage art gallery, which depicts the severed head of President Donald Trump, is sparking debate about free speech rights and whether the image is appropriate for display, at a public institution.The artwork, created by Assistant Professor of Painting Thomas Chung, is part of a faculty art exhibition, at the UAA Fine Arts building.In describing his painting, Chung said,  It s an image of the actor who plays Captain America, and two eagles are sort of screaming into his ears, and he s holding the severed head of Trump, and there s a young Hillary Clinton clinging to his leg. I was reminded of those 80 s rock posters, where there s a woman in tattered clothes clinging to a strong male hero s leg. Chung says the motivation for the painting was his dismay over the results of the presidential election. After Trump was elected, I spent days just weeping. And it was really surprising, because I m not a political person,  Chung said.  I am a social artist. I deal mostly in ideals of culture and global culture, but this election bled into that. The painting has prompted debate on social media and complaints to the university.Paul Berger, a former adjunct professor at UAA, went to see the painting, after a family member saw it on display. Berger posted pictures of the painting on his Facebook page. The painting itself, I kind of found disturbing,  Berger said.  The image itself was very graphic. So from that point of view, and as a father, trying to explain to my children what the artist is trying to say   [it s] difficult. Berger said he supports free speech, but questions whether it is appropriate for display, at a publicly-funded institution. Had the roles been reversed, and it was Obama s head hanging there, I think the outrage would be fantastic,  Berger said.  As a free speech advocate, everyone has a right to express their opinion the way they want to express them. But as a parent and a citizen, there s a discussion. In a university setting, what s appropriate? Chung said he had reservations about putting his painting on display at UAA, because of its political message. I was really torn about putting this piece up a faculty show, because I would never talk about my own political beliefs to my students,  Chung said.  I would never push that upon them and make them feel uncomfortable, and so I wondered to myself if putting up this painting was in a way doing that. But I realized that I feel very strongly about this, and I think even students that might be pro-Trump supporters could benefit from having a conversation with me about why I feel this way   why I painted this. Berger, who describes himself as a political conservative, questions whether a painting, depicting the decapitation of the president, will help civil discourse about politics. Prior to the election, it was important to the opposing side that we accept, move forward, respect our president and respect the rule of law,  Berger said.  As we raise our kids in our schools, we try to teach them and inculcate them in our civics. Paintings like that   I really think   send a strong, powerful, wrong message to children and students. Steven Godfrey, chairman of the Fine Arts Department at UAA, said,  I guess the people are upset about the work that s being shown. If they were taking a class at the university and made art that was considered controversial, no matter what their political or religious bent is, we would do our best to protect them and protect their rights to make that kind of work in the institution, whether it would be a student or faculty. The exhibition that includes the painting is scheduled to remain on display through April 20, in the Kimora Gallery.  KTUUTom Chung was born in New Jersey and grew up in Hong Kong and New York City. He received his Bachelors of Fine Arts Degree from the San Francisco Art Institute in 2010 and his Masters of Fine Arts Degree from Yale University in 2013. He has participated in numerous group and solo shows throughout the United States. His multidisciplinary work has been written about in Art in America, The New Yorker, and Modern Painters Magazine.",0
18789,PROUD MOMENT FOR AMERICA: President Trump Signs Bill Giving VETERANS Access To Private Health Care…Another Promise Kept [VIDEO],"Fox Business News host Stuart Varney makes no secret about the fact that he s a huge President Trump fan. He breaks into his show today so everyone can witness the signing of a bill by President Trump that will give our brave veterans the ability to receive care from the private sector. This should have been done a long time ago, but first we needed a president who gave a damn about our veterans and the quality of their health care.President Trump took a bold step in helping our veterans get the quality health care they deserve with the signing of the S.544 Veterans Choice in Healthcare Act. Trump took a moment to explain to the media what he was signing and why it was so near and dear to his heart.Watch:Watch:#WednesdayWisdomTY @POTUS from the bottom of our     from every Veteran who has honorably served! #VetsFirst pic.twitter.com/bwu9IkIfp5  Carrie  Merica   (@carrieksada) April 19, 2017Stuart Varney was visibly thrilled after Trump signed the bill that promises to make life so much easier and better for our veterans in need of health care. President Trump promised that he would make our veterans a priority and today, he took a huge step in that direction.Here s the entire video. It s worth watching:",0
18790,CNN TRIES TO Push FAKE Story About Size Of New England Patriots’ Crowd At White House…PATRIOTS Call Them Out For Lying!,"Here s CNN s tweet with pictures comparing Obama s Super Bowl event to President Trump s:Photos on social media appear to show a difference in the New England Patriots' turnout at the White House vs. 2015 https://t.co/cZgEjSCV6J pic.twitter.com/WW5mcd2MWJ  CNN (@CNN) April 20, 2017Once again, CNN was busted pushing fake news about the number of Patriots who came to the White House to be honored by Trump. The Patriots actually busted them with this tweet responding to CNN from the New England Patriots Twitter account, which stated: These photos lack context. Facts: In 2015, over 40 football staff were on the stairs. In 2017, they were seated on the South Lawn. These photos lack context. Facts: In 2015, over 40 football staff were on the stairs. In 2017, they were seated on the South Lawn. https://t.co/iIYtV0hR6Y  New England Patriots (@Patriots) April 20, 2017The New England Patriots followed it up with another that clarified the  crowd size  with President Trump at the White house today vs. previous Super Bowl celebrations with the Patriots at the White House. The picture they used this time was one of George W. Bush with the Patriots. Comparable photos: The last time the #Patriots won two Super Bowls in three years, 36 players visited the White House. Today, we had 34. pic.twitter.com/Aslvf1RaXU  New England Patriots (@Patriots) April 20, 2017Twitter user Tennessee GOP showed CNN another picture of the New England Patriots that was taken with the entire group who traveled to the White House to be honored by President Trump. Tennessee GOP then told CNN to  delete your account labeling CNN s latest scam #PhotoGatehttps://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/854865906165587968CNN for future reference, when the President of the United States is one of the closest friends of the  New England Patriots owner, it s probably not a good idea to try to embarrass him by suggesting the Patriots didn t want to be there.  ",0
18791,WOW! Dem Rep Keith Ellison BLAMES Obama For Huge Democrat Losses: He’s “Put His Legacy In Jeopardy” [VIDEO],"Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) said that President Obama bore some of the blame for Democrats  spectacular collapse in the 2016 election at an event at the University of Minnesota Wednesday.Ellison was quick to say that he voted for every radical piece of legislature that Barack Obama pushed for, but when it comes to uniting the party, it appears that the most narcissistic, self-serving president in history may have been much of a team player. Barack Obama could have been a better party leader, and I think that the fact that he wasn t has put his legacy in jeopardy,  Ellison said. Given that we   lost a lot of state house seats, governorships, secretaries of states, his true legacy is in danger,  Ellison continued.  And I don t think he can say that he wasn t part of those losses. NTKNetworkBarack Obama s not exactly a team player unless of course you re talking about the times that he worked with Al Sharpton and Eric Holder to divide our nation. When it came to promoting other Democrats however, Obama didn t have such a great track record. If you don t believe us, just ask Hillary These numbers don t lie:Republican strategist Rory Cooper pointed out in this blistering tweet that under President Obama, Democrats lost over 900 state legislature seats, 12 governors, 69 House seats, 13 Senate seats.Under President Obama, Democrats have lost 900+ state legislature seats, 12 governors, 69 House seats, 13 Senate seats. That's some legacy.  Rory Cooper (@rorycooper) November 4, 2015",0
18792,GAME ON! UC Berkeley BANS Ann Coulter From Immigration Speech…She’s Going Anyway,"THE BIRTHPLACE OF FREE SPEECH IS NOW OFFICIALLY A PLACE OF OPPRESSION Berkeley students came together to shut down the free speech rights of gay, conservative activist Milo Yiannopoulis in February. Students violently attacked fellow students who tried to attend Milo s scheduled speech, random fires were lit, windows were broken and rocks were thrown. Using violence, threats and intimidation to shut down opposing views is not only un-American it should be illegal. But we re not talking about just any college or city in America, we re talking about UC Berkeley, the former home of free-speech UC Berkeley has now banned conservative commentator and author Ann Coulter, citing security threats.According to Young America s Foundation, student organizers of an upcoming Ann Coulter event at the university were emailed by Berkeley administrators who claimed they were unable to  find a safe suitable venue  for Coulter. UC-Berkeley, a publicly-funded university, first imposed a series of ridiculous requirements on the speech allegedly in the name of  safety.  Coulter, we were informed, would be required to deliver her speech in the afternoon; only students would be allowed to attend; and the speech location would not be announced until close to the event,  they continued.  Against our advice, Coulter agreed to all these requirements. In return, she requested two measures, which actually had something to do with safety. This is as clear-cut a case as it gets that public universities are using taxpayer dollars to shut down conservative speech, while allowing liberal speech only,  Young America s Foundation proclaimed.  UC-Berkeley has for example, welcomed the corrupt former President of Mexico, Vicente Fox, who has cursed at and mocked Donald Trump, currently the President of the United States. The university, and U-C chancellor Janet Napolitano personally, have revealed themselves to be using taxpayer money for an unconstitutional purpose. Even after Coulter went along with their ruses and guises to shut down her speech, they simply announced, like Kim Jung Un, that it was cancelled. We have no intention of acceding to these unconstitutional acts,  the organization concluded.  The Ann Coulter lecture sponsored by Young America s Foundation will go forward. Ron Robinson, the President of Young America s Foundation, further declared in a quote that  Berkeley disappoints anyone who really believes in free speech. Their actions to ban conservatives while giving leftists a platform reinforces this fact,  Robinson claimed.  It s a shame that Berkeley is robbing its students of the opportunity to receive a well-rounded education.   Breitbart ",0
18793,PRESIDENT TRUMP Receives Patriots Jersey From Close Friend In White House Ceremony [VIDEO],"In an outdoor ceremony to celebrate the super Bowl champ New england patriots, president Trump received a football jersey with the number 45 on it. It s no secret that Trump is close with Robert Kraft, the owner of the Patriots (see below). This was a special moment!Patriots owner Robert Kraft tells Brian Kilmeade of Fox and Friends about the special friend that Trump was to him and how he went out of his way to help him after his  beloved  wife died,  I m loyal to my friends, I remember who the people are  there when the tough times are there and he did that for me. ""I remember who the people are there when the tough times are there and he did that for me."" -Robert Kraft on his friendship with Pres Trump pic.twitter.com/pQiBWDYCtF  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) February 3, 2017",0
18794,"BILL O’REILLY IS OUT At Fox News Over Alleged Sexual Remarks, Advances…Evidence Of “Smear Campaign” By “Far-Left” Has Been Uncovered","BILL CLINTON has been accused of multiple rapes and sexual assaults against several women. Bill s only punishment to date, is being married to Hillary. No matter what he s done, or what he may still be doing, Bill Clinton continues to be a rock star in the Democrat Party.Today, FOX News has announced that Bill O Reilly has been fired: Fox News is parting ways with Bill O Reilly, who for years stood as one of cable news  most popular hosts. The network s parent company, 21st Century Fox, announced the move Wednesday in a statement. After a thorough and careful review of the allegations, the Company and Bill O Reilly have agreed that Bill O Reilly will not be returning to the Fox News Channel,  the statement read.The host s top-rated program, The O Reilly Factor, had recently suffered an exodus of advertisers amid revelations that O Reilly, Fox News and 21st Century Fox quietly paid out roughly $13 million in settlements to five women who had accused him of sexual harassment.  NPRHere is a statement from Bill O Reilly s attorney Marc E Kasowitz:That evidence will be put forth shortly and is irrefutable.Last week Bill O Reilly announced that he d be taking a two week vacation. He made it clear in his announcement that there was nothing unusual about his planned vacation. That was last week. This week, his lengthy reign as Fox News  top personality has come to an end. Was it the advertisers who removed their ads from his show after caving to pressure from the left, or was it Rupert Murdoch s liberal son James who influenced their decision?It s interesting how conservatives in politics and in media are so willing to jump on the opposing team when it comes to destroying one of their own. Democrats, and those in the leftist media will literally lay down on the tracks when it comes to defending one of the key players on their team. When NBC s Brian Williams was caught  red-handed  lying several times to viewers about his phony interactions with the news while he was reporting, he simply took a brief vacation then came back as a host on their sister station MSNBC. It was almost like nothing ever happened.When Hillary Clinton s husband, former President Bill Clinton was accused of raping and sexually assaulting several women throughout the course of his political career, Democrats laughed at and mocked his accusers. Juanita Broaddrick was especially vocal about Bill Clinton raping her during Hillary s campaign. Thanks to Donald Trump, she was finally able to tell the media her story and how Hillary enabled Bill to continue to sexually assaulting women. Hillary s fans paid no attention to Broaddrick, the media and the Democrat Party had already discredited her.With the exception of Donald Trump (who wouldn t allow anyone to falsely malign him or his character), if a woman makes an accusation of sexual assault or advances against a high-profile conservative media personality or politician, one can pretty much be assured they ll be removed from their position with approval of their fellow conservatives in short-order.It s the age old question:  Why are conservatives so willing to eat their own?  When will we learn to rally around our own and stop allowing the left to destroy anyone who s capable of harming them and their agenda? Bill O Reilly is the top-rated conservative personality on the top-rated conservative-leaning news organization. Where is the outrage from viewers? Why are we assuming these allegations are true because the left tells us they are? As a woman, I am keenly aware that we have a lot of power when it comes to destroying a man s career in the hostile anti-male environment we re living in today. I d actually like to see Bill O Reilly go to court over these allegations and not quietly settle them behind closed doors. Perhaps his conservative viewers should have given him the benefit of the doubt, and maybe FOX News should have considered defending him to the leftists who wanted his hide James Murdoch also pushed to fire Roger Ailes amid last summer s sex scandal, and sources think he could be successful in weeding out O Reilly this time around. The New York Magazine reported earlier today that the Murdoch family has decided to pull The O Reilly Factor off air amid allegations of sexual harassment against prime-time host Bill O Reilly, and will soon be officially announcing his departure, according to sources close to Gabriel Sherman in New York magazine.According to Sherman, the decision was primarily driven by Rupert Murdoch s sons, James and Lachlan, after The New York Times reported earlier this month that $13 million has been paid out from either Fox News or O Reilly to five women to settle their sexual harassment claims against the host in lieu of litigation, despite O Reilly s denying the veracity of their claims.Fox News executives are reportedly meeting on Wednesday to discuss how to contain any damage from an O Reilly dismissal. O Reilly, who is currently on vacation, has hosted the network s most popular show   The O Reilly Factor   since the network s inception in 1996 and remains the country s highest-rated cable news host.Sherman reports that  the board of Fox News  parent company, 21st Century Fox, is scheduled to meet on Thursday to discuss the matter. Decisions are now being made as to whether O Reilly will be allowed a final show to bid farewell to his audience. They are also discussing the terms of his release, with O Reilly recently having signed a new long-term $20 million a year contract.Executives within the company are also discussing who will fill O Reilly s primetime 8 pm slot, with hosts such as Eric Bolling, Dana Perino, and Tucker Carlson currently under consideration.  Breitbart News ",0
18795,ANTI-TRUMP TEACHER Wears “Tuck Frump” Jacket During Classes…Student’s Snap Goes Viral,"A disrespectful teacher at Sherman Jr Senior High School in West Virginia wore a  Tuck Frump  jacket during classes. A student s picture went viral.We re just wondering why this teacher wasn t fired on the spot! She s promoting her political beliefs in school and disrespecting our president with a twist on profanity. Not funny and not cute no matter how short the time was that she wore the jacket her excuse doesn t fly.What say you?BOONE COUNTY, W.Va. (WSAZ)   Boone County Schools is investigating after a picture of a teacher is circulating on social media and getting major attention. The picture shows a teacher inside her classroom wearing a jacket with an anti-Trump patch on the back of it.The snapshot was of Sherman Junior High and High School teacher Cheryl Judy who is an art teacher at the school.The picture shows Judy sporting a jean jacket with a play on words, disrespecting President Trump.Judy confirmed  that she is the one in the photo, but says it does not show the whole story. She says she wore the jacket to school without the anti-Trump patch and pinned it on during school hours, trying it on for just two minutes to make sure the patch was on straight. She says in the short period of time she had the jacket on inside the classroom, a like-minded student snapped a picture and posted it to social media.A community member re-posted the picture, and it has since been shared several thousand times on multiple platforms.Judy says she did not  flaunt the jacket at school  and although she is liberal, would  never force her liberalism on others. Although Huffman cannot comment specifically on personnel matters, he says a full investigation will begin once spring break is over, at the end of the week:  We expect professionalism with both conduct and appearance   It seems to have caused great a bit, a great amount of concern from around the area and around the nation, as we ve received multiple phone calls today. Community reactions were mixed, on Facebook and in the neighborhood nearby the school, some expressing concern, others outrage and some saying the picture is being taken out of context and being made into a bigger deal than it is. Nobody thought it would blow up like that,  said Braxton Harless, who is a junior at the high school.  Some are upset. Some just really don t care about it. Some parents are calling for Judy s resignation, while others like Lori Selbe say she may not have made the right decision is putting on the jacket but says everyone makes mistakes.Via: wsaz",0
18796,SUPER BOWL CHAMP PLAYER Busts Into WH Press Briefing: “Need any help?”…Liberal Snowflakes Have A Meltdown! [Video],"IT S INTERESTING THAT A LIGHTHEARTED MOMENT LIKE THE ONE BELOW COULD CAUSE SUCH ANGER AND OUTRAGE FROM THE LEFT!Rob Gronkowksi popped into today s White House press briefing to ask Sean Spicer if he needed any help. Spicer, a Patriots fan, declined the offer. Mild laughs were had. Gronkowski then disappeared, presumably to cause more mischief in other parts of the building.It s not surprising that the tight end performed a bit like this. That he was wearing a shirt while doing it was a bit of a shock.Right after this video was posted Facebook comments were brutal about how unprofessional it was to have this guy pop into the briefing. We had Obama s antics for 8 years and these people can t take one light moment like this?The left went nuts with faux outrage: We can think of many moments during the Obama administration where some  unprofessional  antics took place. The only problem is that these  antics  are much more serious Remember Jay Carney? Well, here are 6 big moments he s caught in BIG lies. We consider this to be much more important than what happened today.6 OF THE TOP  ANTICS  FROM WHITE HOUSE PRESS BRIEFINGS UNDER OBAMA   JAY CARNEY S NOT FUNNY BUT SERIOUS  GAFFES : 1. When he said he knows 3 people named  Hilary Rosen.  After Obama adviser Hilary Rosen said Ann Romney hadn t worked a day in her life, it was discovered Rosen had visited the White House numerous times. When questioned on it, Carney claimed he knew 3 separate women named  Hilary Rosen. 2. That one time he stumbled when asked why the Obama Administration withheld a crucial Benghazi email.3. That day when he called a reporter s repeated questions on Kathleen Sebelius  lame. 4. That time he admitted White House staff knew of the IRS scandal and didn t tell Obama.5. That time he admitted that the Obama Budget wouldn t balance.6. That moment when he finally admitted Obama s  Keep Your Plan  promise wasn t true.Shouldn t the liberal snowflakes be outraged at what Jay Carney did? ",0
18797,"MILLIONS IN OUTSIDE MONEY, Hollywood Influence Couldn’t Put Georgia’s 6th District Democrat Candidate In “Win” Column [VIDEO]","Dem. candidate for Georgia congressional seat @ossoff: Not an issue I don t live in district, can t vote for myself https://t.co/RcX3MNqMTD  New Day (@NewDay) April 18, 2017Democrats used the anger and fury of their progressive base, including hate-filled Hollywood actor Samuel L. Jackson, to stir up emotions in voters as a way to encourage them to the show up at the polls in Georgia yesterday. They failed Listen to disgusting Hollywood actor/radical activist Samuel L. Jackson tell voters in a state where he doesn t even live to  go vote vote for the Democratic Party.  STOP Donald Trump, the man who encourages racial and religious discrimination and sexism. Remember what happened the last time people stayed home. We got stuck with Trump! We have to channel the great vengeance and fury that we have for this administration into votes at the ballot box. Ossoff led an 18-candidate field of Republicans, Democrats and independents, the entire slate placed on a single ballot to choose a successor to Republican Tom Price, who resigned to join Trump s administration as health secretary.But Ossoff fell just shy of the majority required to claim Georgia s 6th Congressional District outright, opening the door to Handel, who finished a distant second but ahead of a gaggle of Republican contenders.The investigative filmmaker and former congressional staffer received 48.1 per cent of the vote on Tuesday   he needed 50 per cent to avoid a runoff. Handel, meanwhile, received 19.8 per cent of the vote.The rest of the vote was split between several other Democrats and Republicans, as well as two Independents.Here s what President Trump had to say on Twitter about the Democrats failed efforts to embarrass him:Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG ""R"" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 19, 2017Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 19, 2017In total, Democrats received 49 per cent of the vote, Republicans received 51 per cent of the vote. Daily MailIf Republicans are going to maintain their majority in the House and Senate, perhaps they need to take a few pages from the Democratic playbook. The Democrats are fighting for their lives this is no time for the Republicans to sit back and take their majority for granted.Republican resources were split between eleven Republican contenders. The most prolific fundraising candidate among them raised less than $500,000,  not even ten percent of the amount Ossoff raised.The Republican establishment, initially caught flat-footed, ended up spending over $5 million in advertising against Ossoff in the last weeks of the campaign, but it never caught up in the all-important ground game, which typically consists of a positive voter engagement on behalf of a single specific candidate rather than a negative attack on a single candidate.In retrospect, Republicans failed to recognize the unique opportunity the  jungle primary  provided Democrats who focused all their support behind one candidate. Republican leadership could have made a similar choice from among their eleven candidates, but did not do so. They did, in the end, get some help from the Republican establishment in Washington. Republicans in Georgia sounded the alarm several weeks ago, prompting $2 million in spending from the NRCC to help boost Republican turnout and counter Democrats  energy. The Congressional Leadership Fund, the super PAC aligned with House leadership, also dumped in $3 million of its own money and dispatched on-the-ground staffers to the district,  Politico reported.Speaker Ryan, however, who has the responsibility to support Republican candidates in the House, did not see the risk of a Democratic victory in Georgia until it was too late.In fact, he was not even in the United States on Tuesday. Instead, he was in Europe, leading a bi-partisan Congressional delegation.For entire story: Breitbart ",0
18798,USA TODAY Caught Fabricating Story About Innocent “Dreamer” Being Deported…Here’s The Truth [VIDEO],"More fake news pushing a leftist agenda If you read the USA Today report of Juan Manuel Montes being deported you might believe their headline:  First Protected Dreamer Deported Under Trump USA Today reported Tuesday that an illegal immigrant protected by Barack Obama s amnesty was deported in February after spending an evening with his girlfriend. However, a Department of Homeland Security spokesman told The Daily Caller that this story is false because Juan Manuel Montes Bojorquez did not receive amnesty and was caught climbing over a border fence when he was detained.  Conservative TreehouseThe USA Today story said that Bojorquez, 23, was apprehended by Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agents while he was waiting for a car ride to pick him up.According to the article, he told the officers he left his wallet in his friend s car and, because he didn t have his ID or proof of his Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) status, he was deported. Within three hours, he was back in Mexico, becoming the first undocumented immigrant with active DACA status deported by the Trump administration s stepped-up deportation policy,  the USA Today reporters wrote.The Trump administration has said it will continue honoring the over 750,000 illegal immigrants who receive DACA, but this incident, if accurate, would have been a departure from that policy. David Lapan, a DHS spokesman, told TheDC,  Juan Manuel Montes Bojorquez was apprehended by the Calexico Station Border Patrol after illegally entering the U.S. by climbing over the fence in downtown Calexico. He was arrested by BP just minutes after he made his illegal entry and admitted under oath during the arrest interview that he had entered illegally. The spokesman added,  His DACA status expired in Aug. 2015 and he was notified at that time. In addition, he has a conviction for theft for which he received probation.  Daily CallerFrom USA Today: Federal agents ignored President Trump s pledge to protect from deportation undocumented immigrants brought to the United States as children by sending a young man back to his native Mexico, the first such documented case, a USA TODAY examination of the new administration s immigration policies shows.After spending an evening with his girlfriend in Calexico, Calif., on Feb. 17, Juan Manuel Montes, 23, who has lived in the U.S. since age 9, grabbed a bite and was waiting for a ride when a U.S. Customs and Border Protection officer approached and started asking questions.Montes was twice granted deportation protections under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program created by President Barack Obama and left intact by President Trump.Montes had left his wallet in a friend s car, so he couldn t produce his ID or proof of his DACA status and was told by agents he couldn t retrieve them. Within three hours, he was back in Mexico, becoming the first undocumented immigrant with active DACA status deported by the Trump administration s stepped-up deportation policy. Some people told me that they were going to deport me; others said nothing would happen,  Montes told USA TODAY in his aunt and uncle s home in western Mexico where he s been staying.  I thought that if I kept my nose clean nothing would happen.  He asked that the exact location of their home be withheld.Yet Trump declined to revoke the DACA protections Obama had granted to more than 750,000 undocumented immigrants, repeatedly saying he had a soft spot for these young people who are leading productive lives and have few, if any, ties to the countries of their birth. They shouldn t be very worried,  he told ABC News in January.  I do have a big heart. Even so, DACA enrollees are being targeted by immigration authorities.At least 10 are in federal custody, according to United We Dream, an advocacy organization made up of DACA enrollees and other young immigrants.The group s advocacy director, Greisa Martinez, who has DACA protection, said Montes  case is proof that people like herself are at risk despite what Trump said.For entire story: USA Today ",0
18799,“Crazy Fat Kid” Kim Jong Un Has HILARIOUS Rule That Prevents N. Korean Men From Copying His Look,"Just when everyone thought the  Crazy Fat Kid couldn t get any crazier! This has to be the funniest thing we ve seen in a long time Don t think about asking your barber for  The Kim Jong Un  in North Korea.North Koreans can choose between 15 sanctioned hairdos   none of which appear to include their leader s signature swept-back style.Twitter user Mika M kel inen shares an image board with 15 different snappy styles men are allowed to choose from when they visit their barber in N. Korea.North Korean men can choose between 15 approved haircut styles. I had the most popular one   and it's not like Kim Jong Un. #ylemaailmalla pic.twitter.com/BvDCrgqg7R  Mika M kel inen (@Mikareport) April 14, 2017Because nothing says  trendy  like this handsome devil s hairstyle:   Equality in North Korea: Both sexes have 15 approved haircut models. You can forget about dyeing your hair though,  reporter Mika M kel inen  tweeted.The North Korean leader and hair icon reportedly first started wearing his hair in the voluminous style as a nod to his grandfather Kim Il-sung.  NYP",0
18800,THE SIMPSONS Destroy The Idiocy Of The Politically Correct Left On College Campuses…And It’s Hilarious! [VIDEO],"The setting for this episode is Yale University, a campus that s been embroiled in a number off social justice controversies over the past couple of years. A major donor is visiting the campus and two administrators are taking him around campus. Every time they turn around the donor seems to be offending someone or violating someone s rights. The donor offers to endow a nuclear plant management. One of the administrators quickly informs him that they  can t do nuclear  and that he d  be creating a space for violence to happen . The other administrator informs him that their  students are highly entitled wusses . The donor asks if it s  still a coven of capitalism where evil money can acquire a patina of virtue? The writers for FOX s The Simpsons make a point of letting the viewers know that one of the most idiotic lines uttered in the segment,  you d be creating a space for violence to happen  is an actual quote, as they flash,  Actual quote from Yale student  on the screen. In the end, the joke is on the students, as the major donor who is also childless, pulls his contribution to the university and heads literally explode over Homer s offensive costume.Enjoy:",0
18801,BREAKING NEWS: Facebook Killer Dead…Here Are The Details [VIDEO],"MI, PA, OH and NY residents were all warned he could be anywhere in their state. Thank God he was caught and is no longer a danger to innocent people who may have encountered him Kudos to the PA State Police Department!The man who posted a Facebook Live video showing him fatally shooting an elderly man in Cleveland died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound Tuesday morning, authorities in Pennsylvania said.Steve Stephens had been on the run since Sunday. State police found Stephens s body in a white Ford Fusion after a brief pursuit in Erie, Pa., Tuesday morning.Steve Stephens was spotted this morning by PSP members in Erie County. After a brief pursuit, Stephens shot and killed himself.  PA State Police (@PAStatePolice) April 18, 2017In a Facebook Live video, Stephens, 37, could be seen fatally shooting Robert Godwin, 74, in Cleveland. The episode sparked a nationwide search for Stephens, who fled soon after the shooting.In the video, Stephens claimed that he had killed 15 people that same day, though only Godwin s murder could be confirmed.  The HillStephens  mom, Maggie Green, told Fox News on Tuesday she heard the news of her son s death on the radio. She said she believed he would commit suicide because he visited her house before the murder to say goodbye. Momma this will be the last time you see me I just wanted to see you for the last time,'  Green said that Stephens told her.Green said Stephens had an issue with gambling. Steve was a good Christian person he just snapped he had a gambling problem,  she said.At a press conference earlier this morning, Cleveland police said they did not know where Stephens was.  FOX News",0
18802,VOTING MACHINES STOLEN In Controversial GA Election Where Dems Hope To Embarrass Trump With 30-Yr Old Jon Ossoff Win,"SANDY SPRINGS, Ga., April 18 (Reuters)   For U.S. President Donald Trump, an off-year congressional election on Tuesday in the reliably Republican northern suburbs of Atlanta could spell trouble if Democratic upstart Jon Ossoff pulls off a surprise victory.Watch MSNBC Morning Joe show hosts and guest attempt to contain their excitement over the possibility of a Democrat winning the seat of former House Leader Newt Gingrich and now, in a special election they are hoping to replace Tom Price s Georgia s 6th District seat:Donald Trump is actively campaigning against Ossoff on social media:Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime & 2nd A.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 18, 2017A 30-year-old political novice, Ossoff is running as the lone Democrat against a field of 17 Republicans for a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives vacated when Trump named Tom Price to be secretary of health and human services.The outcome will not tip the balance of power in the Republican-controlled House. But an Ossoff win could weaken Trump s already shaky hold on his fellow Republicans in the House by encouraging those in competitive districts to distance themselves from the president.The Democrats are in the fight of their lives. They re pulling out all of the stops, as they believe a win in this traditionally  red  district of Georgia would be a huge black eye for President Trump. Is anyone really surprised that voter machines from this district have been stolen only days before what Democrats are calling a  must win  election?Channel 2 Action News has learned that critical voting machines were stolen just days before polls will open for a special election.State officials are investigating after equipment was taken from a Cobb County precinct manager s vehicle. According to Secretary of State Brian Kemp, the equipment was stolen on Saturday evening while the vehicle was parked at the Kroger on Canton Road.Kemp s office says Cobb County Elections waited two days to tell his office about the theft of the machines.The four so-called ExpressPoll machines were the computers poll workers used to check-in voters, and check those off who cast ballots. It s very shocking, especially with the climate we have of voter fraud out there,  one Georgia voter told Channel 2 s Ross Cavitt.Cobb County Elections Director Janine Eveler said the stolen machines cannot be used to fraudulently vote in Tuesday s election. Eveler said the machines have voter information on them, but that information is  hard to access. Eveler said they will completely replace the machines at the Piedmont Road precinct. ",0
18803,ANTI-TRUMP Communications Specialist For UN Arrested In NYC For Robbing Banks During Lunch,"A United Nations employee was busted for robbing four Manhattan banks   all during his lunch hour, authorities said.Only 3 weeks ago, the anti-Trump UN worker warned on Facebook that some  dubious characters are betraying us  and that he would reveal names later. (see post below).Abdullahi Shuaibu, 53, was picked up by cops Monday and hit with two counts of robbery and two counts of attempted robbery for the crimes committed during his two-month spree.Abdullah Shuaibu s LinkedIn account states that he lives in New York and is currently employed by the UN as a  Communications Specialist .A photo from Shuaibu s Facebook page shows him standing with UN General Assembly President Morgens Lykketoft. Abdullah Shuaibu s Facebook page includes several anti-Trump posts like this one where he hilariously refers to  The New Yorker  as  one of America s most prestigious magazines LOL!So a guy who works for the UN and holds up banks on his lunch hours is concerned about a private conversation Trump had with another guy on a bus? Shuaibu claims  racism  is the  Trump card  in this post: All four banks are within walking distance of UN headquarters on First Ave. near E. 42nd St., where the Nigeria native works as a journalist for an African news agency, police said.Authorities were led to the thief after a retired police officer who works at the facility recognized Shuaibu from a surveillance image previously released by the NYPD.In the first incident, Shuaibu walked into a Santander Bank on Madison Ave. near E. 43rd St. on Feb. 27 and told the teller he had a gun. The bank employee complied and handed Shuaibu an unknown sum of money.He hit two more banks during the month of March, first striking out at a Bank of America on Third Ave. near E. 47th St. on the 13th. He was successful in robbing a Santander Bank on Third Ave. and E. 63rd St. on the 27th.Police arrested him later in the day when he returned to the UN. Read more: NYPOn March 28th, warned his Facebook friends that some  dubious characters are betraying us! Names will be mentioned later Hmmm very interesting timing!",0
18804,VIEWERS ARE SHOCKED To See American Flag Fall When Democrat Party Leader Mentions Hillary Clinton’s Name During Live MSNBC Interview [VIDEO],"Radical Democratic Chair Tom Perez was being interviewed by MSNBC s Joy Reid about what Democrats need to do to ensure they win more seats in Congress. Joy Reid asked her viewers,  How do Democrats turn enthusiasm and better vibes, along with real anger at Donald Trump into the only thing that matters, winning elections?  Reid then turned to DNC Chair Tom Perez for answers. As Perez started to speak from a location in Portland Oregon, where he was appearing with Bernie Sanders for an event, viewers can see people in the background setting up for an apparent event. (Only Democrats would have people setting up their stage who have absolutely no respect for our American flag.) Watch the people tasked with setting up the Americans flags, as they drag the flag (on right side of the screen) across the ground before attempting to set it up. As the interview continues, it s only fitting that while Perez is talking about the email list Hillary Clinton gave the DNC from her campaign, that our American flag (after being dragged across the ground) would fall onto the stage. Perez goes on to discuss  Democratic values.  Sorry Tom, but for most of us who ve been witnessing the childish, violent and unAmerican behavior of Democrats following Hillary s loss to President Trump, we all became keenly aware of your  Democratic values.  When our American flag fell to the ground, almost on cue while mentioning Hillary s name that pretty much summed up your party.Here s the Perez interview in its entirety. The Tom Perez interview happens at about 25-30 seconds into the show:Here s a tweet showing the moment the flag fell while Perez was speaking:Metaphor alert. pic.twitter.com/RAJU5qmdke  T. Becket Adams (@BecketAdams) April 18, 2017DNC Chair Tom Perez was clearly not the best choice for the fractured Democrat Party following Hillary s blistering loss to President Trump. The day before his interview with Joy Reid on MSNBC Tom Perez was introduced by the leader of the Maine Young Democrats Claire Cumming. The video shows Cumming attempting to get the crowd excited by the mere mention of socialist Bernie Sanders, Regardless of why you showed up today, you showed up for a reason. Something compelled you to find the space and time to be here, and I want you to ask yourself what that reason is.  The excitement quickly fell flat when she mentioned Tom Perez to the crowd. Watch the millennials  boo  Perez as Cumming appears to be surprised by their reaction to this name:",0
18805,MY FAVORITE EXCUSES…Featuring Hillary Rotten Clinton [VIDEO],Enjoy:,0
18806,LEFT GOES NUTS After Antifa Woman Attacking Trump Supporter Got Punched…That Was Before This Photo Revealed What She Had In Her Hand [VIDEO],"Yesterday, Antifa (anarchists and free-speech terrorists) and other various violent anti-Trump groups (many paid by Soros funded organizations) made their way to Berkeley, CA to shut down another pro-Trump rally. The last time these two group clashed, the Trump supporters were seriously outnumbered. This time was a different story. Trump supporters came prepared for the unprovoked attacks of these hate groups and took them to task. With all the violence that happened yesterday, leftist media outlets seemed to be obsessed with reporting on the video that was taken of an alleged Trump supporter who punched an antifa female who was part of the violent group  Oak Roots Collective  that traveled to Berkeley to confront Trump supporters and shut down their right to free speech.Here s the video. At the 18 second mark you can see the woman cock her arm back as though she is about to swing her arm at someone. When she brings her arm forward, that is where she gets hit. We are NOT condoning the hitting of a woman by a man, but if she had a bottle in her hand and was about to hit someone that changes everything:CBS San Fransisco Bay Area news interviewed anarchist Louise Rosealma, who along with her boyfriend is a member of the Oak Roots Collective. Here s a sample of the violence they promote on their Facebook page. This is how these people (that should be labeled as domestic terrorists) see themselves. These anarchists live in a world where it s okay to act with violence against law enforcement and innocent people who don t agree with their political views:Reseal explained to the CBS reporter (in a very sweet voice) how she was just happened to be with her boyfriend, and how he lost her and the next thing she know she was surrounded. Next, she explains that completely unprovoked, from the corner of her eye, she just saw a fist coming at her. She claimed she got punched in the nose and that it was cut, but that was last night, and (of course) it s already healed. According to the antifa member, she was also punched several times and then after she was down, she was  kneed  several times in the forehead (which is also completely unbruised and miraculously healed). She also claims the Trump supporters were  trying to crush her skull on the curbs and on the planters.  She says she didn t exchange any words with anyone, that she was just being attacked. According to Rosealma, she was also pepper sprayed several times in the face but somehow managed to find her boyfriend who was  soaked in blood . It never occurred to either one of them to press charges though? Most people would find that slightly odd for someone who was just there for the fun of it. Wow! I wonder if her boyfriend looks as good as she does today?After her long and totally embellished story to this CBS SF Bay reporter, we thought we d share this picture of the innocent anarchist that just surfaced. The picture appears to be taken just before she got punched, and by the looks of this picture it appears she was about to hit this man with a large glass bottle (circled in photo below) which would account for his response.There was violence on both sides yesterday, but in defense of the Trump supporters, this violence has been perpetuated against them (even paid for by George Soros groups and Democrat activist groups) since the days of Trump s campaign rallies. Many have warned that Trump supporters are not going to put up with the unprovoked violence forever and when they fought back, many warned the basement dwellers on the Democrat side wouldn t fare to well. That s exactly what happened yesterday in Berkeley, CA.Here s citizen journalist Tim Pool talking to the Antifa female who was hit. When he asks her if she thinks it s okay that Antifa rioters threw M-80 s at people on the Trump side, her response was,  Well, the revolution isn t f*cking easy!  (This video was taken after she was hit) Apparently she was correct about one thing ",0
18807,"MELANIA Thanks Troops For Sacrifices At Easter Egg Roll…FLASHBACK To 2016: “Peanut Crew” Had To Remind Michelle Obama To Mention Troops, After Using Easter Speech To Brag About All Of Their Accomplishments [VIDEO]","During the annual White House Easter Egg Hunt, President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump stood with their son Baron on the White House balcony and addressed the crowd. President Trump spoke briefly and then announced that as soon as they were finished with the activities, he and Melania, and their son Baron would be heading downstairs to sign cards they planned to send to our troops.  It was very touching to see Melania go out of her way to thank the military band and all of the staff and volunteers who worked  tirelessly  to make sure everyone had  memorable experience.  Melania then delivered a sincere and heartfelt message of gratitude to our troops,  I want to thank all of the military with us today, and all of the great military in this nation and service men and service women all around the world who is keeping us safe. Compare Melania s speech to this video of Michelle and Barack s final speech at the Easter Egg Roll in 2016:  Today is a little bit bittersweet for us, because this is the Obama administration s last Easter Egg Roll (pauses for reaction from crowd) yeah.   Michelle continued,  And if we think about what we ve accomplished over the past 7 years, it s pretty incredible. Because when Barack and I first got here, one of the goals that we had was to open up the White House to as many people from as many backgrounds as possible. To open it up to our kids to our musicians, to explore our culture, to expose families to healthy living and to just to have fun. Because what s more fun than being a kid and going to the White House for an Easter Egg roll and hearing the First Lady drone on about  healthy living? After several minutes of listening to Michelle drone on about all of her and Barack s achievements in  diversity  and bringing  their culture  to the White House, Barack had to interrupt her to remind her to mention the troops. He can be seen at least 2 times  saying,  military families  behind her before Michelle finally responded,  And also to our military families I ve got the peanut gallery back here remaining me of stuff.  Laughs Our theme this year, in our final year is pretty simple, it s  Let s celebrate.  Let s celebrate all the good work that we ve done, all the great messaging that we ve had, all the amazing change that we ve seen in this country. ",0
18808,DINGBAT MAXINE WATERS Tells Islamic Society Republicans Trying To Prevent Sharia Law From Being Enforced In America Is “Contrary To American Values…Threatens National Security” [VIDEO],"Is it simply pandering for votes, or is it possible Democrat Congresswoman Maxine Waters is really just a complete ignoramus? How much longer will America have to put up with the crazy antics of Maxine Waters and Nancy Pelosi? Will either of these women ever retire or more importantly, will their constituents ever tire of them? Many of the radical remarks made by Waters and Pelosi went under the radar because we had such a horrible president that he over-shadowed the left-wing nut-jobs California elected to represent them in Congress It s not hard to prove that Sharia Law is such a far-fetched idea when you see videos like the one below where Democrat Congresswoman Maxine Waters, while speaking to the Islamic Society of Orange County, CA at a town hall meeting in 2012, condemned Republicans in front of a Muslim audience for trying to make it unlawful for Sharia Law to be enforced in America. And that s supposed to be a bad thing? Maxine Waters Stood Before The Muslim Brotherhood & Openly DEFENDED & Advocated For Sharia Law. One Word: DEMENTED! pic.twitter.com/665dfp4Q21  Kevin W. (@kwilli1046) April 16, 2017As for the claim of strategy, one need only look to the goals of the Muslim Brotherhood to determine whether this is a strategy or a conspiracy theory. I ll go with what the Muslim Brotherhood has written concerning this issue. Mrs. Waters is either ignorant (without excuse) or she is complicit. In either case, this woman is not fit to hold office.She then declared that, at the time, at least thirteen states were looking to adopt legislation forbidding Sharia. What is wrong with that? We have a US Constitution. That s the law in the US. Each State has a Constitution and as far as I know, not one of them is Sharia compliant. But what happens when states try and push forward this legislation? You guessed it, the Islamists and their socialist and communist friends come out of the woodwork to try and beat it down. Just look at Oklahoma, where the federal government tried to force them to overturn anti-Sharia law and to pay Islamists $303,333!After speaking about Newt Gingrich s call for Sharia not to be recognized by any court in the United States, she smugly declared that she doesn t mind calling names and telling it like it is, but you will find absolutely no mention in her pre-written speech about the Muslim Brotherhood s goals, will you?In fact, the very document I reference speaks of:Hmmm, global Islamic State, eh? I m pretty sure Barack Obama knew about these goals before his speech the other night when he deceptively declared that the Islamic State was neither Islamic nor a state. But I digress.Islam means to change the very culture you live in and the laws you live under America. If you have any doubts, understand that a current imam at the Islamic Society of Orange County and former president of the Islamic Society of North America, Muzammil H. Siddiqi, issued this fatwa on Islamonline.net (the link has now dead, but did find it in the web archives here).-InfowarsHere is an excerpt from that document: It is true that Islam stands for the sovereignty of Allah the Almighty and Allah s rules are not limited to the acts of worship, they also include social, economic and political matters. By participating in a non-Islamic system, one cannot rule by that which Allah has commanded. But things do not change overnight. Changes come through patience, wisdom and hard work.I believe that as Muslims, we should participate in the system to safeguard our interests and try to bring gradual change for the right cause, the cause of truth and justice. We must not forget that Allah s rules have to be established in all lands, and all our efforts should lead to that direction. ",0
18809,"BOOM! TRUMP POLL Numbers Going Up…Up…Up! While Media, Democrats, George Soros Efforts To Destroy Him Fall Flat [VIDEO]","Way before the election ever took place, the left had strapped on their battle gear and were preparing for the ultimate war against Donald Trump. Democrats, their media allies and George Soros, chief financier of violent anti-Trump protests, were all preparing for what they believed was the remote possibility Trump would win the presidential election. Trump stunned the world when he pulled off a stunning victory against the anointed Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton and now, the desperate left has been reduced to using character assassination of Trump, his family, anyone in his administration and even his supporters as a means diminish his immense popularity with American voters.Here s a sampling of the left, hard at work trying to destroy our new president: Unfortunately, despite their best efforts, the left has been unable to turn Americans against President Trump and his new poll numbers are proving he s only becoming more popular as he continues to do what he promised during his campaign.Today, Rasmussen Reports daily Presidential Tracking Poll for Monday, April 17, shows that 50% of Likely U.S. Voters approve of President Trump s job performance. Fifty percent (50%) disapprove.This is the first time the president s overall approval rating has been back in the 50s in nearly a month. Just after his inauguration, Trump s job approval peaked at 59% and remained in the 50s every day until early March. It s gone as low as 42% since then.Here are former President Obama s approval ratings by comparison.On April 17 2009 the allegedly wildly popular Barack Obama s approval rating was at 55% after accomplishing absolutely nothing in office. The latest figures for Trump include 30% who Strongly Approve of the way Trump is performing and 39% who Strongly Disapprove. This gives him a Presidential Approval Index rating of -9. (see trends).  Rasmussen",0
18810,STUDENT NEWSPAPER At Hillary’s Alma Mater: It’s Okay To Use Violence To Shut Down Free Speech [VIDEO],"Watch well-organized anti-Trump terrorists pull individual Trump supporters into their crowd, while surrounding them in order to keep friends from helping them, while they mercilessly beat and stomp on them in video below. According to the student newspaper at Hillary s alma mater, this is okay to do because these people are perceived to be hateful because they support a different political ideology:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/853347335463743492American citizens shouldn t have to fear for their lives because they hold an opposing political view to those on the left. In a post-Obama and Hillary America however, this has sadly become a new reality. While cops are being told to  stand down  as violent protesters are bloodying Trump supporters from Chicago to Berkeley, CA, we now have radical leftist institutions of  higher learning  like Wellesley College whose students are actually condoning violence against Americans if they dare to take a political view that is in opposition to theirs.Wellesley College made news last month when professors declared  speakers with  objectionable  views are not only offensive to students, but actually diminish their liberty.  Now, the student newspaper at the elite private college has taken it a step further   justifying violence against anyone who  either continue to speak hate speech or refuse to adapt their beliefs  to accepted progressive norms, saying  then hostility may be warranted. The shocking statement came in an editorial in the student newspaper, The Wellesley News, entitled  Free Speech Is Not Violated At Wellesley. Wellesley students are generally correct in their attempts to differentiate what is viable discourse from what is just hate speech,  the paper declared.  Shutting down rhetoric that undermines the existence and rights of others is not a violation of free speech; it is hate speech. The founding fathers put free speech in the Constitution as a way to protect the disenfranchised and to protect individual citizens from the power of the government. The editorial board at the paper then ascribes a new meaning to the First Amendment.  The spirit of free speech is to protect the suppressed, not to protect a free-for-all where anything is acceptable, no matter how hateful and damaging,  the demand.The reason  hate speech  exists is that the United States is a racist country, according to the paper.  We have all said problematic claims, the origins of which were ingrained in us by our discriminatory and biased society. Luckily, most of us have been taught by our peers and mentors at Wellesley in a productive way,  the paper continues.As for speakers and student who do not conform to what the paper deems acceptable speech, the editorial says violence may be justified.  (I)f people are given the resources to learn and either continue to speak hate speech or refuse to adapt their beliefs, then hostility may be warranted,  the editorial states.Read more: Daily Caller ",0
18811,LOL! Democrats To Sue Over “Unprecedented Environmental Catastrophe” Trump Wall Poses To Birds…Ignores Actual Bird Blenders Pushed By Democrats [VIDEO],"A conservation group and Democrat Congressman have filed a lawsuit to demanding an environmental study is performed before   construction of Trump s wall on the border between the US and Mexico. Biologist Jeff Corwin paid a visit to MSNBC to breathlessly warn viewers about the dangers of the wall President Trump plans to build on the Texas-Mexico border national security purposes. He warned viewers of the  unprecedented environmental catastrophic  consequences Trump s wall on wildlife. The MSNBC host responds to his highly dramatic warning by asking drama queen Jeff Crowin,  At the risk of sounding ignorant or foolish the birds specifically Wouldn t they be able to fly over that wall?'   HILARIOUS!Not surprisingly, there was no mention of wind turbines in Texas during the interview.Watch:Meanwhile in America, Democrats remain silent about the bird holocaust caused by wind turbines every year. An estimated 140,000 to 328,000 birds are killed every year in N. America by these green energy bird blenders.Instead of worrying about Trump s wall  killing birds  how about addressing these wind turbines in oil-rich Texas that liberal federally-funded NPR promoted while using a picture of turbines on top of a huge wall of dirt? NPR  Another record was set for wind power generation this week, according to the group that manages much of the state s power. The Electric Reliability Council of Texas(ERCOT) says Wednesday evening, wind power generation on the grid reached10,296 megawatts (MW), or enough to power 5 million Texas homes during times of regular demand. That beat the previous record of actual generation by 600 megawatts, roughly the equivalent of a medium-sized fossil fuel power plant.Here s the real danger to birds in America that few Democrats are willing to address:In 2010 David Newstead, a U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service field biologist, visited the Gulf shoreline of Laguna Madre, Texas, to survey skimmers, terns, and egrets. But it was a flock of 15 American White Pelicans that caught his eye, flying toward the nearby Pe ascal wind farm. As he watched, a pelican at the flock s tail end was swiped by a massive turbine blade and  literally  erased  from the air, Newstead wrote afterwards. This in itself isn t surprising wind turbines are notorious bird killers but this specific farm was supposedly equipped with radar that could detect approaching birds and halt the blades. The radar had failed to do its job.Watch as what appears as this bird that appears to be an eagle, is killed as it s chopped by a blade on this powerful wind turbine:Wind turbines kill an estimated 140,000 to 328,000 birds each year in North America, making it the most threatening form of green energy. And yet, it s also one of the most rapidly expanding energy industries: more than 49,000 individual wind turbines now exist across 39 states.  Audubon",0
18812,DISGUSTING: ANARCHIST PUNK Calls U.S. Veteran “Anti-American”…VETERAN Yells Back “I’m a Patriot!” [Video],"The Berkeley, California anti-Trump protesters got a dose of reality today when pro-Trump patriots fought back. Video after video posted on twitter shows the pro-Trump group fighting back against the Antifa Anarchists. One video in particular shows a punk anarchist telling a veteran he s  un-American Huh? Since when is it unAmerican to serve your Country? This punk immediately got an earful from the veteran. It s beyond pitiful and sad that this kid wasn t taught about our heroes. The kid is lucky someone didn t knock him out Disgusting! ANTIFA kid calls U.S. Veteran an ""Anti-American"". pic.twitter.com/8eEBnH2tBJ  #AmericaFirst Intel (@huitz_warrior) April 16, 2017 ",0
18813,"LOL! TRUMP SUPPORTERS Sing “Hey, Hey, Hey Good Bye!” As They Send Antifa, Soros-Paid Democrats In Berkeley Back To Parent’s Basements [VIDEO]","Are you tired of seeing pictures and videos of Trump supporters being beaten and bloodied by Soros paid thugs and Antifa terrorists? Apparently these Trump supporters are also tired of seeing those images and decided to let these domestic terrorists know that their freedom of speech will not be taken away by a bunch of basement dwellers.Watch this video as Trump supporters clear the streets of the anti-Trump attackers and send them running back to their parents basements Listen near the middle of the video where one of the reporters tells viewers,  They re kicking out Antifa. Na, na, na, na, na, nah  Hey, hey Yeah. Goodbye! Singing after MAGA pushes weak #ANTIFA back in #Berkeley pic.twitter.com/mtKuSwvyeT   MAGS4 Trump  (@DJTJohnMiller) April 16, 2017As an added bonus, Trump supporters celebrate their victory against Antifa thugs by chanting,  We Are The Champions! We are the champions! No time for loser ANTIFA because we are the champions of the world. We won Berkeley! So tired of all this winning!   pic.twitter.com/1GjYCMle2D  Irma Hinojosa   (@irmahinojosa_) April 16, 2017",0
18814,HILARIOUS! TRUMP SUPPORTER Uses Berkeley Riot To Brilliantly Mock Pepsi’s “Protesting Is Fun” Ad Campaign,"Pepsi got hammered by just about everyone for their lame attempt at glamorizing anti-Trump and Black Lives Matter violent protesters in an ad campaign with Kendall Jenner that made protesters look like they popped off the pages of a J. Crew magazine for a party/protest.Here s the Pepsi ad:The marketing team for Pepsi really needs to review the actual footage of these violent Antifa and Soros-funded Democrat thugs, because in reality they are about as far away from the pages of  J. Crew as they could possibly be.Here s a picture of the Antifa protesters in Berkeley, CA taken at today s rally. Sorry Pepsi, we re just not seeing the resemblance PRICELESS! This Trump supporter couldn t have done a better a better job of mocking Pepsi with this is perfect shot of a Pepsi can in front of Antifa terrorists in the background: Photo of the day. @bakedalaska handing antifa a @pepsi #TaxMarch #MAGA #Berkeley pic.twitter.com/fzfatMw93D  Kambree Kawahine Koa (@KamVTV) April 15, 2017Oh, and next time Pepsi wants to make light of the  fun protests  that are taking place across a very divided America, they might want to bring the fake blood. The anti-Trump terrorists and the Black Lives Matter thugs don t just threaten anyone who disagrees with them, they leave them bloodied and beaten. Here are just a few of the photos of Trump supporters that were taken today at Berkeley, California after anti-Trump terrorists once again used violence to shut down anyone who disagrees with their political views. Cheers Pepsi  Here s what a real protest in a post-Obama world looks like a far cry from Pepsi s glamorized version:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/853376478003826688",0
18815,NO POLICE IN SIGHT: Large Group Of Masked Antifa Cowards Take On Trump Supporters In Berkeley…CHAOS ERUPTS [VIDEO],"Watch these two stunning interviews, where police officers almost admit to this liberal reporter that they ve been told to stand down:I tell a police officer I've been seeing people get beat up all day and they haven't been around. ""Okay, and?"" he says. pic.twitter.com/OuGEcvvb8R  Shane Bauer (@shane_bauer) April 15, 2017This police officer is clearly agitated that he s being asked why he s ignoring the violence:I ask a cop why they've been hanging back as a brawl is happening half a block away in Berkeley. ""I'm not at liberty to discuss my tactics."" pic.twitter.com/teGEYBV1ho  Shane Bauer (@shane_bauer) April 15, 2017The last time violence erupted in Berkeley when anti-Trump terrorists attacked members of a pro-Trump rally, Americans were stunned to see police officers standing by and watching the violence unfold without making any attempt to stop it. So it s no surprise that the Berkeley farmers market made the decision to close down after 30 years for the day due to threats of violence at today s  Patriots Day  rally.Martin Bourque, director of the Ecology Center which runs the market, said the center decided to cancel the market because of the unpredictability of the planned  Patriots Day  rally, which is scheduled to start at the park at noon. A counter-rally organized by people on the far left will begin at 10 a.m. In early March, the last time the two sides met in the park, the protests turned bloody, police seized numerous bats and sticks, and ten people were arrested. Berkeley SideSome of the farmers chose to come anyhow, as seen in the background in the video below where conservative reporter Lauren Southern is covering the events while wearing a gas mask and helmet. https://t.co/XLf1ZJXTji  Lauren Southern (@Lauren_Southern) April 15, 2017It wasn t long though before all out violence and chaos broke out between the patriots attending a pro-Trump rally and the terror group Antifa, which is really just a collection of Soros-paid thugs, anti-Trump Democrats and basement dwellers looking for something to do that makes them feel like they have a purpose in life. Watch how quickly things escalate in the video below. Note how the cowardly anti-Trumpers drag one person into their crowd and then gang up on him to ensure maximum violence is used against them, while Trump supporters appear to be trying to either stop the fights or fighting anti-Trumpers in one-on-one battles:  https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/853347335463743492Antifa terror group throws projectiles, pepper bombs at pro-Trump supporters then run away. Twitter user suggests they re running back to their parents basements LOL!#ANTIFA Throws bottles & pepper bombs at #Trump supporters in Berkeley then run away, presumably back to their mother's basement.#TaxMarch pic.twitter.com/MNpsm3mo7J  DeeconX (@DeeconX) April 15, 2017Last March the local news station confirmed that the police allowed violent Democrats to attack peaceful Trump supporters and confirmed that Trump supporters who were part of a planned March 4 Trump nationwide rally were seriously outnumbered:",0
18816,DOUBLE AMPUTEE VET Blasts Obama’s War Strategy…Saw Him As “Expendable”…Explains Why He Wishes He Was Fighting Under President Trump [VIDEO],"War veteran Johnny  Joey  Jones praised President Trump for dropping the  mother of all bombs  on ISIS, saying the last administration failed to take appropriate action.Jones, who lost both his legs in an IED explosion, said he might still have his legs if the Obama administration wasn t concerned with public relations backlashes.He said he felt  expendable  because he lost his legs clearing a empty town on-the-ground, because the White House did not want to be seen in the press as dropping bombs on villages.Jones said Trump instead gave his generals the tools to make the decision best for their troops.  FOX NewsHere s Jones  tweet that went viral:I lost my legs because my gov't was afraid to use the tools they had and saw me as expendable. I wish I'd had this admin.  Johnny (Joey) Jones (@Johnny_Joey) April 13, 2017War-hawk, anti-Trump John McCain s daughter Megan took to Twitter to invite Johnny  Joey  Jones to appear on Fox show  Outnumbered  where she is a co-host. He kindly accepted her invitation:Everyone loves you   can you come on the show soon?  Meghan McCain (@MeghanMcCain) April 14, 2017Others on Twitter took the time to let him know how much they appreciate his service and his sacrifice:Real patriots don't see you as expendable.  Jim (@Jim65783) April 14, 2017https://twitter.com/Lord12Almighty/status/852741550790422528thank you sir. Your service to protect me will never be forgotten.  Sbeard74 (@Sbeard741) April 14, 2017Thank you, Joey. Honest to God, thank you from the bottom of my heart for your service. I wish you'd had this administration, too.  NyetToSeeHere (@GRRRR8est) April 13, 2017",0
18817,LIBERAL MEDIA IGNORES MELANIA’S Visit To Home For Abused Girls…Proving They Really Don’t Care Much About Actual Women’s Issues After All,"First Lady Melania Trump visits HomeSafe, photo via HomeSafe.GP   The First Lady s visit to HomeSafe was unannounced, however a press release was issued by HomeSafe and several photos were posted online including at the @FLOTUS Twitter account.Yet, with the exception of the local Palm Beach Post and FootwearNews which focused on the shoes she wore to HomeSafe, no media reported on the First Lady s visit.Melania Trump mentioned her visit on Twitter with this photo of her at the home for the abuses girls, along with offering the girls some words of encouragement and praise:I had a wonderful time visiting @HomeSafeFla today! The young ladies I spoke with hold so much promise for the future. pic.twitter.com/3W5i2Xpo5m  Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) April 14, 2017Palm Beach Post reporter George Bennett also tweeted about her visit:Pic from HomeSafe of @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP visiting the girls' residence today. Story: https://t.co/zBkPUlSSAe pic.twitter.com/dx0pUtbH1J  George Bennett (@gbennettpost) April 14, 2017Home Safe also tweeted pictures of Melania s visit. They thanked her for the visit and said they were  excited to have @FLOTUS visit our girls group home in Lake Worth. Today we were excited to have @FLOTUS visit our girls group home in Lake Worth.Thank you for taking the time to listen & talk with the girls pic.twitter.com/v0OqECxqDa  HomeSafe (@HomeSafeFla) April 14, 2017Here is an excerpt from the HomeSafeFL press release:Home Safe s description of their agency on Twitter: HomeSafe is preparing children and families for safer, more productive lives through child abuse and domestic violence prevention and intervention programs.The media s decision to ignore this story only proves they really don t care much about the plight of women or of young girls, what they care about is destroying the enemy. The media s transparent hate for anything Trump has forced them to show their cards, and as a result the mainstream media will likely never be trusted again by Americans who once bought everything they were being told hook, line and sinker.",0
18818,HOLY MOLY! Rebel Media Uncovers ILLEGAL USA-Canada “Fake Refugee” Trafficking Ring…Wait Until You See Who’s Vetting Them! [VIDEO],"You ll never guess which mainstream TV network is right around the corner from this operation! Illegal  refugees  are flooding the 49th parallel from all over America to ILLEGALLY cross into Canada. According to Rebel Media s report, this is a well-organized effort with an American cab company and Greyhound as well as US and Canadian border agents working together to help loosely vetted illegal  fake refugees  cross the border from the US into Canada.Here s how it works: A Greyhound bus or  runners  help to deliver (or TRAFFIC)  fake refugees  from all over the United States to an agreed upon location, where the Town Taxi cab company picks them up and for a fee. Next, the illegal refugees are taken to the Town Taxi cab company headquarters where one man, who says his name is  Victor,  does all of the  vetting  of these  refugees  by himself. Victor was surprisingly open with the Rebel Media reporter. He said that their job is to make sure the  ones who are not here legally   get across the border.  He quickly corrected himself and said they help them to  get to the border . He claims the  refugees  are brought to the office to be interviewed by him. He also claims that the  vetting  process actually starts to take place when the driver gets them into their cabs, Victor then does a more thorough job of vetting them once they get to his office. When the Rebel Media reporter asked Victor how he can be sure that he s properly vetting these illegal refugees, he responded:  Well, there s no real way to tell if anyone s a good person or not. Um, we just go off what our gut tells us. (Feeling safer yet?) Next, the cab company contacts  the other side  (the Canadian border agents) where Victor claims they have a  direct line  with the border agents to let them know they (the  refugees) are coming. It s really quite stunning to see how calm the illegal refugees are when confronted with being  arrested  by the US border agents as they attempt to cross the border into Canada.As the story unfolds, Faith Goldy accidentally discovers that in the middle of this human trafficking ring is a NBC satellite station. Here is her rant after making the discovery: So, a flood of fake refugees, the vast majority of whom are single men from the middle east, illegally entering Canada from the United States. A country s-wide network Trafficking humans to Canada for a fee All at the Prime Minister s invitation. It s a huge story, a wild story and yet, the mainstream media refuses to cover it, even if it s unfolding in their own backyard literally! Watch the video here:  This story is absolutely stunning. What makes it even more stunning is the fact that NBC has an office in the center of this trafficking ring, yet it would appear that they re ignoring this very obvious, and very serious crime that is being committed in their own backyard.It s horrifying to imagine what would have happened to these illegal refugees, who are desperately trying to get to Canada if Donald Trump was not elected. If Hillary was our president, these unvetted ILLEGAL refugees wouldn t fear being deported and would be living in our cities and neighborhoods. If Hillary Clinton was our president they would have no fear of being deported. They would likely be given benefits, and eventually citizenship with full voting rights (as long as they promised to vote for Democrats).This human trafficking operation is just one of how many more in upstate New York? How many more operations like this one exist along the  longest undefended international border in the world ? ",0
18819,YIKES! JUST WHEN Everyone Thought Things Couldn’t Get Much Worse For United Airlines…THIS Happened,"It s been a bumpy PR ride for United Airlines, but this one really stings.A passenger was traveling on board Flight 1418 from Calgary to Houston when he was stung by a scorpion, CBS News correspondent Kris Van Kleave confirmed.The scorpion fell onto Richard Bell s head and stung him underneath his fingernail. We were on the plane about an hour, having dinner, and then something fell on my head, so I grabbed it. I was hanging onto it,  Bell said in a Skype interview.  It was lucky that it hit my nail more than my skin I think, so maybe my thumbnail saved me a little bit. United apologized and offered Bell and his wife a credit for a future flight.As a precaution, crews also checked the airplane for a possible infestation. Our crew immediately consulted with a MedLink physician on the ground who provided guidance throughout the incident and assured our crew that it was not a life-threatening matter. Medical personnel met the aircraft after it arrived in Calgary,  United said in a statement.   CBS NewsSadly, this scary incident took place the same day that a passenger was filmed as he was being dragged off a United flight from Chicago to Louisville by the airport police. United took a huge PR hit after the video was seen by millions. ",0
18820,TUCKER CARLSON: Why Brutal MS-13 Gang (Obama’s “Undocumented Children”) Is Far Greater Threat Than ISIS [VIDEO],"The notoriously violent MS-13 street gang, known for slashing victims to death with knives and machetes, is reviving its brutal brand of violence to reassert its dominance in the Washington metropolitan area   with authorities linking at least eight homicides in Virginia and Maryland in 2016 to the gang.The recent uptick in violence can be traced to a failed gang truce in El Salvador and, in part, to a surge of unaccompanied Central American children who entered the United States in 2015 to flee violence at home, according to gang analysts.There is concern over the degree to which MS-13, also known as Mara Salvatrucha, has exploited an immigration policy that over the past two years has allowed waves of migrant children to enter the United States.In one of the eight recent killings with MS-13 ties, three young men were charged in connection with the fatal shooting of a 17-year-old in Loudoun County, Virginia. They were identified as having entered the United States illegally in 2013 as unaccompanied children who later skipped immigration hearings.-Washington TimesWatch Tucker Carlson tell viewers that MS-13 is a far greater threat than ISIS: The police commissioner on Long Island s Suffolk County declared war on the MS-13 gang Thursday after the discovery of four mutilated bodies in a Central Islip parkThe slayings are  a stark reminder that we are in the midst of a war,  Timothy Sini said, standing across the street from where the bodies of four young men were found Wednesday night.  We re going to continue that war. MS-13, already blamed for six Long Island slayings, emerged as the prime suspects because of the brutality of the executions.Wednesday s discovery came six weeks after 13 alleged MS-13 gang members were indicted by the U.S. Department of Justice for murders.MS-13 was founded in Los Angeles by immigrants seeking safe haven from a civil war in their native El Salvador during the 1980s. This is a long-term war,  Sini said.  And make no mistake about it, it s a war.   UPI",0
18821,LIBERAL LUNATIC CHRIS MATTHEWS Scolded By Piers Morgan for Trashing Trump Family [Video],"Who knew former CNN anchor Piers Morgan would criticize MSNBC s Chris Matthews! Matthews keeps comparing the Trump family to the former royal family of Russia the Romanovs.It s not just one passing comment but several! The Russian royal family lived a lavish life before being lined up and shot by the incoming communists. It s a horrific story and Matthews keeps comparing the Trumps to the tragic royal family. Liberal Lunacy!MORGAN RIPPED INTO THE LUNACY OF THE MATTHEWS THEORY ABOUT TRUMP:  We re expected to believe that Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin get together, and they plan the mass murder of children to make some kind of point that they re no longer best buddies. Really? Really? We think this a legitimate conspiracy theory flying? https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=4&v=pBP5-kRofEwThe video that Morgan is referring to of Chris Matthews comparing the Trumps to the Romanovs is below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7kabB63sc4Piers Morgan went on to explain the history of the Romanov family. The Romanovs were all slaughtered at the start of what would become the communist Soviet Union. Whatever your view of the Romanovs, that s not really a comparison I don t think anyone in the American media should be making about the Trump family,  he said.  What are we supposed to deduce from that comment   that, somehow, Jared, Ivanka, and Donald are all going to be murdered by communists? Hannity said the media is at  a new low  for how they portray Trump and his family, including his 10-year-old son Barron and wife Melania.Matthews has repeatedly compared the two families over the last couple months. Matthews likened President Donald Trump s daughter Ivanka and his son-in-law Jared Kushner s White House roles to the Romanovs  last week. He also asked on Inauguration Day why the Trump family reminded him of the Romanovs.Via:WFB",0
18822,NFL PLAYER Delivers Courageous Message: Stop Blaming White People…Black People Are Holding Black People Back,"Dallas Cowboys star wide receiver Dez Bryant took to Instagram Monday to express his thoughts on who s to blame for the plight of the black people in America. First and foremost, I would like to say I do a great job of minding my own business, but it s pressing on my heart to share my thoughts about white Americans and black Americans (racism),  Bryant wrote.Bryant continued:I saw a person quote Charles Barkley when he said,  We as black people, we re never going to be successful not because [of] you white people, but because of other black people. I hate to admit it, but I understand that quote.I ve been [racially] profiled on numerous occasions, but not once has it influenced an ill feeling inside me about anyone outside of that issue. REAL SLAVERY is different from what s going on in our world now. We all (every ethnicity) have the opportunity to lead by EXAMPLE.Instead of making videos about the history of racism that get applause or people with influence merely doing things to post for social media, we should focus on individual accountability to be better as a whole.I recently ran into a guy I grew up with who spent his adulthood dealing drugs. While we were catching up, he shared with me that he wished that he chose a different and better path. He said seeing my success was inspiring and that it encouraged him to do better with his life.Real question: What is wrong with being sophisticated and black? Why do we associate those who choose the straight-and-narrow as not being  black enough?  Why was it that I was one of the first examples of success to my friend?We focus hard on fighting the realities that exist instead of creating our own reality. The ones who came for us (Martin Luther King, Rosa Parks, Malcolm X) paved a new path for us to follow. The struggles and hurt they endured created new life for us today.It is not our job to carry the burden, but it is our job to lead by example.Not that my opinion matters, I m just sharing my thoughts. Dee s opinion does matter, especially when you consider that he had to know he would get blowback for his views.  MRCTV BreitbartHere is a screen shot of his final post on the matter. Bryant tries to explain to his followers that God guides him in all that he does,  my life has no filter lol all I can say is thank you God :Here are a few of the hateful responses Bryant got to his remarks on Instagram: ",0
18823,TWITTER Posts Hilarious Images After Announcement That It’s NOW ILLEGAL To Post Images Of Putin As “Gay”,"Here s the original post by the Washington Post:It s now illegal in Russia to share an image of Putin as a gay clown https://t.co/trihoOp6nt  Washington Post (@washingtonpost) April 5, 2017Here are some of the hilarious responses:Huh. Is this illegal? pic.twitter.com/ZIK2xBHslt  Jessica   (@NoFascistsPls) April 5, 2017Like this? pic.twitter.com/YNa6CB61ML   B3r$A  (@ScamGoggles) April 6, 2017What about this pic.twitter.com/LlA6cEV6KT  Jessica   (@NoFascistsPls) April 5, 2017Really? Because I like this one. pic.twitter.com/ZiEVbUddqr  Lisa Stewart (@holachola) April 6, 2017Or this? pic.twitter.com/29syZcNkbt  Jessica   (@NoFascistsPls) April 5, 2017Well, the demand for gay Putin clowns just went up. I m gonna capitalize on this meme. pic.twitter.com/iD2wST92q9  Tyler (@Dy5function) April 5, 2017Here ya go.Courtesy of https://t.co/tJWNKZbBEv pic.twitter.com/Bi0VGOKe4a  Stranger Thingamabob (@MikeyMooseNC) April 5, 2017 ",0
18824,DISNEY SELLS Disgusting New Book Teaching “Liberal and Progressive” Thought…Targets 0-2 Yr Old Babies,"Is Disney officially admitting they re in the business of indoctrinating our children to become good little progressives? For anyone who says this book has nothing to do with Disney or their philosophy, Disney Publishing Worldwide s company overview claims to publish books that are  in support of the franchises :Disney Publishing Worldwide, Inc. publishes children s books, comics, and magazines. The company publishes titles in support of the franchises.Disney is selling a new Feminist Baby  children s book so parents can teach their toddlers to grow up to be  progressive thinkers  who smash the patriarchy  and believe gender is a social construct.Loryn Brantz, the author and illustrator behind Feminist Baby,  told TIME that her 22-page children s book aims to make children  liberal and progressive thinkers. Here s an example of Brantz s liberal propaganda: They re not going to take away all the nuances and important parts of feminism necessarily, but it s important just to have it be in their vocabulary and part of their life rather than discovering it when they re older,  Brantz explained.  It s so that they re aware of feminism and see it as a good thing and not a bad thing. They need to grow up with feminism and not be scared of it, and not think that it means they re going to be overpowered by women someday,  Brantz said.  It just means wanting equality for everyone. It s not something they think they need to fight when they re older. Huffington Post   In the comics, Feminist Baby serves as an underage heroine bent on smashing the patriarchy and subverting tired traditions like the  gender reveal.  The panels provide both political commentary (she punches Steve Bannon who is dressed as a Nazi) and silly comic relief. But while they re aimed at different audiences, both the comics and the book express the same basic message. Feminism is for everyone   including babies!  Brantz says. Here are some examples of Brantz s  feminist baby  cartoons:     The publisher for the book is Disney Publishing Worldwide. Disney s website claims the book is targeted for children the 0-2 age range.Disney s description for the book states the  Feminist Baby likes pink and blue. Sometimes she ll throw up on you! Feminist Baby chooses what to wear and if you don t like it she doesn t care! The book hit online stores and bookshelves on April 11. According to the Amazon listing for the book, as of the 13th, the book is No. 7 in best sellers for children s books new baby.For entire story: MRCTV",0
18825,"BREAKING: EMERGENCY Room Doctor In Dearborn, MI Hospital Arrested, Charged With Genital Mutilation Of 6-8 Yr Old Girls [VIDEO]","B b b but that doesn t happen in America does it? A Henry Ford Hospital emergency room doctor has been arrested and charged in connection to performing female genital mutilation on young girls.Jumana Nagarwala, 44, of Northville Michigan is accused of performing female genital mutilation on underage girls.According to a criminal complaint, Nagarwala performed the procedure on girls ages six to eight years old at a medical clinic in Livonia.Some of the children were brought from out of state for the illegal procedure. Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) is considered the complete removal or partial removal of the clitoris, known as a clitoridectomy. FGM is internationally recognized as a violation of the human rights of women and girls.The investigation revealed that in one particular case, a 7-year-old was brought by her family from Minnesota. An investigation into phone records revealed their location. The child was interviewed on April 10. She stated that she was brought to Detroit for  special girls trip. The child victim also stated that she said she had to go to the doctor  to get the germs out.  Upon a medical exam on April 11, a doctor determined that the child s genitals had been altered or removed. The child identified Dr. Nagarwala as the doctor who performed the procedure.Some consider FGM as a religious and cultural practice. The purpose of this illegal practice is to suppress female sexuality in order to reduce sexual pleasure.In the criminal affidavit, Nagarwala performed FGM on girls who were approximately 7 years old at the time at a clinic in Livonia. According to the complaint, despite her oath to care for her patients, Dr. Nagarwala is alleged to have performed horrifying acts of brutality on the most vulnerable victims,  said Acting Assistant Attorney General Blanco.  The Department of Justice is committed to stopping female genital mutilation in this country, and will use the full power of the law to ensure that no girls suffer such physical and emotional abuse. Female genital mutilation constitutes a particularly brutal form of violence against women and girls. It is also a serious federal felony in the United States. The practice has no place in modern society and those who perform FGM on minors will be held accountable under federal law,  stated Acting United States Attorney Daniel Lemisch. The allegations detailed in today s criminal complaint are disturbing. The FBI, along with its law enforcement partners, are committed to doing whatever necessary to bring an end to this barbaric practice and to ensure no additional children fall victim to this procedure , said Special Agent in Charge David Gelios.Via   WXYZ TV ",0
18826,SWEDISH CITIZENS Get DISTURBING News About Likely Punishment For ASYLUM SEEKERS Who Live-Streamed RAPE Of Swedish Girl On Facebook,"When will government officials who allowed this nightmare to grow like a cancer in Sweden be held accountable? Breitbart  Two asylum seekers who are on trial for raping a Swedish girl and streaming the ordeal live on Facebook will not face deportation back to their home countries.The asylum seekers directly involved in the rape, aged 18 and 21, will not face deportation after the prosecution withdrew their previous claim.From 24 Uppsala: On Tuesday, ending the trial of the three men suspected of involvement in the rape that has been broadcast live in a closed group on Facebook.A 25-year old man is on suspicion of failure to disclose rape, and two men, a 21-year-old and a 18 year old, on probable cause suspected of rape.The three accused men sat sunken in their chairs, and the hearing began with a number of charges against two men, one admitted all seven points including the possession and consumption of drugs and driving without a license and DUI.The most remarkable thing was that the prosecutor Magnus Berggren denied his and prosecutors Pontus Melanders earlier demands for the expulsion of two of the men (18 year old and 21 year old) who were not born in Sweden. Only yesterday, he told me that nothing has changed regarding the claim.Mr. Wallin, who represents the 21-year-old Afghan national, said he and his 18-year-old co-defendant arrived in Sweden when they were under the age of 15. The third defendant in the case, a 25-year-old Iranian immigrant with Swedish citizenship, is also being tried as he is accused of filming the incident and not reporting it to the police. He also faces a charge of defamation as he broadcast the rape on Facebook. However, due to him holding Swedish citizenship, he cannot be deported. Prosecutor Pontus Melander said he was confident he would achieve a guilty verdict.  We have an incredibly good evidence in the form of film material, but it is always up to the district court,  he said.Melander said the likely punishment for the two involved in the attack would be three years in prison, while the 25-year-old who filmed it could receive a one-year sentence. The prosecution argued the sentence for slander should be at least one year due to the fact the video was spread widely on social media and the victim would have to live with it for the rest of her life. ",0
18827,"LIBERAL Lansing, MI Mayor Forced To REMOVE “Sanctuary City” Status After MI Residents Hammer Him For Arrogant Announcement On Tucker Carlson [VIDEO]","Watch his appearance on Tucker Carlson where he announced that Lansing, MI would be designated a  sanctuary city  here:The city council in Lansing, Mich. voted Wednesday to rescind its decision to deem itself a  sanctuary  city for illegal immigrants after concerns from the businesses that the status would draw unwelcome attention to the city.The term  sanctuary city  generally refers to jurisdictions that do not cooperate with U.S. immigration officials. Under Lansing city policy, police don t ask for people s immigration status, except as required by U.S. or Michigan law or a court order.Council members voted 5-2 to reverse last week s 6-0 vote to give the city  sanctuary  status. Immigration advocates in the crowd called called council members  spineless  and said  you re all losing your seats. The dispute comes as several cities are battling President Donald Trump s promised crackdown on places that block cooperation between their police departments and U.S. immigration authorities. The Trump administration has warned that sanctuary cities could lose federal money for refusing to cooperate with immigration authorities.After last week s vote, council members received a letter from the Lansing Regional Chamber and Michigan Chamber of Commerce urging them to remove references to  sanctuary city  from its resolution. Lansing is a diverse community, rich with history and culture. It s what makes our city a welcoming destination to live, work and thrive,  the business groups  letter says.  Recent actions of City Council, whether intended or not, have placed an unnecessary target on the City of Lansing while jeopardizing millions of dollars in federal funding that impacts the city budget. The term  sanctuary  in the resolution has become very problematic and distracting   so distracting in my opinion that s it s taken away from the intent of our resolution, which is to protect individuals,  said Councilwoman Judi Brown Clarke.  It s basically a  don t ask  policy, which was outlined by the mayor s executive order and what we had in our policy complements that. That was already the policy in Lansing before last week s vote, but Lansing called itself a  welcoming city,  rather than a  sanctuary city.  Neither the welcoming city resolution nor the sanctuary city resolution called for Lansing to prohibit workers from providing information on a person s immigration status with U.S. immigration officials   a ban that s at the heart of some urban sanctuary cities disagreements with the Trump administration.The issue also has touched off debate in the Republican-controlled Michigan Legislature, which is considering banning local governments from enacting or enforcing rules that limit communication and cooperation with federal officials concerning people s immigration status. Similar legislation died in the last session.   FOX News",0
18828,FUTURE SNOWFLAKE ALERT! Little Girl Gets Birthday Wish: A Poop-Themed Birthday Party,"And we wonder how we keep producing snowflakes? You know, the kind of college kids that can t take no for an answer. They live in their own world and don t take direction or follow social mores.Just wondering why this mom wouldn t fill this little girl in on how this might now be such a great idea and why Not cute but kinda gross, right?Nothing says you love your child more than saying no and gently guiding them to do the right thing It s never too early to start!FUTURE SNOWFLAKE ALERT!A 3-year-old girl in Missouri named Audrey had every immature adult s dream: a poop-themed birthday party.Audrey s mother, Rebecca, said she went all out for her daughter s second birthday, decorating a pumpkin patch and  going a little crazy,  she told Babble. So for the next year, she decided she would do whatever Audrey wanted. For months, every time we mentioned her party, Audrey requested  poop balloons and a poop cake,  the mom told The Huffington Post.  I tried suggesting other themes, but she always insisted on poop. So eventually her mom gave in and decided to have a poo-poo party.But, being an enthusiastic and good mother, this mom didn t just settle for balloons and a cake. Instead, she went all out, getting a poop pinata, a poop cake, poop cookies, poop costumes, whoopie cushions and a game called  pin the poop,  per Fox 13. Think pin the tail on the donkey, but with a toilet and some feces-themed stickers. Audrey herself wore a shirt with the poop emoji on it. In the pi ata, the mom placed Tootsie Rolls, Hershey Kisses and other brown candies. I expected the grandparents to question it, but they all just laughed when I told them She just happens to really, really like poop. I don t think it ever even occurred to her that it was a strange request  As for those who think such a party may be weird or even disturbing, well, this mom doesn t give a crap. This party wasn t for me, it was for Audrey. I love that we will look back at pictures, and it will represent her at 3   my funny and quirky little girl I will never forget how excited she was when she came down the stairs and saw everything   To see how happy she was, was totally worth whatever embarrassment I felt wearing a poop costume.Read more: Charlotte Observer",0
18829,OUCH! NEW BOOK Takes Readers Inside Hillary’s Nasty Campaign: Self-Righteous Hillary Was ‘so mad she couldn’t think straight’…Attacked Her Aides…Focused Too Much On Black Voters…Bill Gave Aides An “Ass-Chewing”,"The failed Presidential candidate attacked her aides with a  potent mix of exhaustion and exasperation  after the embarrassing loss to her rival Bernie Sanders in March last year.Clinton s top staff said she was  visibly, unflinchingly p***ed off at us  and blamed them for making her look  vulnerable .During another tirade Bill Clinton took over and gave aides an  a** chewing  on the phone and told them to  do their d**n jobs .The details of the rows show the tensions at the top of Clinton s presidential campaign, tensions that she did her best to keep quiet during the election.They are revealed in  Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton s Doomed Campaign , which is out next week and delivers the scathing verdict that her campaign was  living in denial .The book says that neither Clinton nor her husband  could accept the simple fact that Hillary had hamstrung her own campaign and dealt the most serious blow to her own presidential aspirations .  Daily MailAn extract of the book was published by The Hill which said it showed that Clinton s campaign was  plagued by bickering : We Got An Ass-Chewing Hillary was so mad she couldn t think straight. She was supposed to be focused on the prep session for that night s Univision debate in Miami, but a potent mix of exhaustion and exasperation bubbled up inside.She d been humiliated in the Michigan primary the night before, a loss that not only robbed her of a prime opportunity to put Bernie Sandersdown for good but also exposed several of her weaknesses. How could she have been left so vulnerable? She knew   or at least she thought she did. The blame belonged to her campaign team, she believed, for failing to hone her message, energize important constituencies and take care of business in getting voters to the polls. And now, Jake Sullivan, her de facto chief strategist, was giving her lip about the last answer she d delivered in the prep session. That s not very good,  Sullivan corrected. Really?  Hillary snapped back.The room fell silent. Why don t you do it? The comment was pointed and sarcastic, but she meant it. So for the next 30 minutes, there he was, pretending to be Hillary while she critiqued his performance.Every time the Yale lawyer and former high school debate champ opened his mouth, Hillary cut him off.  That isn t very good,  she d say.  You can do better.  Then she d hammer him with a Bernie line.It wasn t just Sullivan in her crosshairs. She let everyone on her team have it that day.  We haven t made our case,  she fumed.  We haven t framed the choice. We haven t done the politics. She was visibly, unflinchingly pissed off at us as a group,  said one aide who was in the room for the humiliating scene.  And she let us know she felt that way. Hillary had been up into the wee hours the night before, agitating over her loss. This is because we made poor choices about where we traveled, she thought. She emailed Robby Mook to tell him she believed she d spent too much time in the cities of Detroit and Flint and not enough in the working-class white suburbs around them. Sensing just how angry she was, Mook responded by putting together a morning conference call so that Hillary could vent. But that didn t settle her; if anything, it left her more perplexed and angry, as her debate-prep team witnessed firsthand.Her aides took the browbeating   one of several she delivered in person and on the phone that day   in silence. They had a lot of their own thoughts on what went wrong, some of which echoed Hillary s assessment: her message was off for Michigan, and she had refused to go hard against trade; Mook had pinched pennies and failed to put organizers on the ground; the polling and analytics were a touch too rosy, meaning the campaign didn t know Bernie was ahead; she had set up an ambiguous decisionmaking structure on the campaign; and she d focused too heavily on black and brown voters at the expense of competing for the whites who had formed her base in 2008. The list went on and on.The underlying truth   the one that many didn t want to admit to themselves   was the person ultimately responsible for these decisions, the one whose name was on the ticket, hadn t corrected these problems, all of which had been brought to her attention before primary day. She d stuck with the plan, and it had cost her.Months earlier, Hillary Clinton turned her fury on her consultants and campaign aides, blaming them for a failure to focus the media on her platform.In her ear the whole time, spurring her on to cast blame on others and never admit to anything, was her husband. Neither Clinton could accept the simple fact that Hillary had hamstrung her own campaign and dealt the most serious blow to her own presidential aspirations.That state of denial would become more obvious than ever to her top aides and consultants during one conference call in the thick of the public discussion of her server. Joel Benenson, Mandy Grunwald, Jim Margolis, John Anzalone, John Podesta, Mook, Huma Abedin and Dan Schwerin were among the small coterie who huddled in Abedin s mostly bare corner office overlooking the East River at the campaign s Brooklyn headquarters. Hillary and Bill, who rarely visited, joined them by phone.Hillary s severe, controlled voice crackled through the line first. It carried the sound of a disappointed teacher or mother delivering a lecture before a whipping. That back end was left to Bill, who lashed out with abandon. Eyes cast downward, stomachs turning   both from the scare tactics and from their own revulsion at being chastised for Hillary s failures   Hillary s talented and accomplished team of professionals and loyalists simply took it. There was no arguing with Bill Clinton.You haven t buried this thing, the ruddy-cheeked former president rasped. You haven t figured out how to get Hillary s core message to the voters. This has been dragging on for months, he thundered, and nothing you ve done has made a damn bit of difference. Voters want to hear about Hillary s plans for the economy, and you re not making that happen. Now, do your damn jobs. We got an ass-chewing,  one of the participants recalled months later.Hillary came back on the line to close the lecture. It was hard to tell what was worse   getting hollered at by Bill or getting scolded by the stern and self-righteous Hillary. Neither was pleasant. You heard him, she admonished.  Get it straight. The above excerpt was adapted from  Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton s Doomed Campaign,  which will be released on April 18. Copyright   2017 by Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes. Published by Crown, an imprint of the Crown Publishing Group, a division of Penguin Random House, LLC. ",0
18830,"NEW VIDEO Of United Airlines Passenger Emerges: “I won’t go…You can drag me, I’m not going…I’m staying right here…I tell you…make a lawsuit against United Airlines”","Watch here:@United overbook #flight3411 and decided to force random passengers off the plane. Here's how they did it: pic.twitter.com/QfefM8X2cW  Jayse D. Anspach (@JayseDavid) April 10, 2017Many readers on our 100 Percent FED UP Facebook page were enraged to think that we would even suggest that there could be more to the story than what was being reported. We were curious about what happened before Dr. Dao was dragged out of his seat. To be clear, we don t condone the abuse of any passenger on a paid flight by airport police, but we still believed there was more to the story than what was being shown in a video making the rounds on social media, that was taken by a passenger on the flight from Chicago to Louisville.We re wondering how long the United Airlines passengers would have put up with Dr. Dao s refusal to leave the plane before they became involved. After 1 or 2 hours of Dr. Dao s refusal to leave (even though he accepted to those terms when he agreed to fly with United), would the passengers have taken matters into their own hands after hours of listening to him refusing to leave? How long would the passengers have allowed Dr. Dao to delay their flight before demanding someone take action?Here s the latest UPDATE:The tense moment Dr David Dao argued with a Chicago cop just seconds before being humiliatingly hauled off an overbooked United Airlines flight has been captured on camera.Footage of Dr Dao being unceremoniously dragged from a plane at Chicago O Hare International Airport on Sunday has traveled around the world, leading to mass condemnation of United and its policies.But exactly what happened in the moments leading up to the doctor being pulled from the fight by his arms was unknown.Until now.The new video, recorded by a female passenger sitting directly behind Dr Dao, starts with a flight attendant and police officer standing in the aisle.The doctor is seen gesturing with his arm towards the cop, while talking on his cellphone. I won t go. I m a physician I have to work tomorrow, eight o clock,  he is heard saying.Dr Dao then tells the person he is talking to on the phone:  I  I tell you  make a lawsuit against United Airlines. The officer is then heard in the video again asking Dr Dao to leave. No I am not going,  he replies, shaking his head angrily.The cop then says:  Well  I have to drag you  You know how this is going to end up happening, right? Dao then replies:  You can drag me, I m not going. I m staying right here. You ll have to drag me. The cop then says,  I m just telling you, it s going to be a lot harder for you , before Dao interrupts with:  Yes I know that, I d rather go to jail. You d rather go to jail than just getting off,  the cop replies, while sounded confused at the comment. Yes,  Dao is heard saying.The two then continue speaking for a few more seconds, with Dr Dao mentioning he had flown to Chicago from Los Angeles and was desperate to get home, before the video cuts off.Here s the video:  Daily Mail",0
18831,BILL O’REILLY ANNOUNCES 2 Week Vacation…Will Murdoch’s Liberal Son Who Pushed To Fire Roger Ailes Make His Vacation Permanent? [VIDEO],"Embattled Fox News host Bill O Reilly announced on Tuesday that he will be going off the air for almost two weeks, to take a vacation.The anchor s announcement comes amid an ongoing controversy over sexual harassment allegations made against him and a new report that James Murdoch wants him out of the company for good.The exodus of sponsors followed a recent report in The New York Times that five women were paid a total of $13million to keep quiet about harassment allegations.The accusations surrounding O Reilly, which date back 15 years, include claims of dirty phone calls, unwanted kisses and hotel room invites. The assumption is that he ll exit in a non-embarrassing way,  one senior Fox News staffer told the magazine.O Reilly declined to share where he was heading, but has launched an online contest for fans to vote on where they think his vacation destination is. He made the point that the time off was voluntary.Bill O Reilly kept his announcement to leave FOX News for a two-week vacation upbeat:The claims prompted 60 sponsors to drop advertising deals with the prime time show and led to an internal investigation.Four network sources told New York Magazine that it s possible O Reilly s getaway could turn into a permanent vacation.The Murdoch family, the owners of Fox, are reportedly split on what to do about O Reilly. Rupert Murdoch and his eldest son Lachlan are said to be inclined to keep O Reilly, while younger son James   the CEO of 21st Century Fox   wants to give him the boot.James also pushed to fire Roger Ailes amid last summer s sex scandal, and sources think he could be successful in weeding out O Reilly this time around.  Daily MailJames Murdoch is said to have convinced his father, 76, to  go green  in a major May 9 speech. In the speech, Rupert Murdoch sounded like Al Gore, saying that  Climate change poses clear, catastrophic threats  and that  We may not agree on the extent, but we certainly can t afford the risk of inaction. Marc Gunther of Fortune magazine commented that  Murdoch has boldly promised to make News Corp. carbon neutral by 2010 and to weave environmental issues and themes into his newspapers, TV shows, movies and online properties-a tricky business, particularly when it comes to news.  (emphasis added)The Hillary front organization known as Media Matters has challenged Murdoch to rein in the various Fox News personalities, including Hannity, who have voiced skepticism about the man-made global warming theory. The group complains that conservative voices on Fox far outnumber  progressive  voices and that Fox anchors, reporters, and guests inject pro-Republican views into the shows.Murdoch s decision to hand the European and Asian operations of his company to his son James has been widely interpreted as a sign that James will soon inherit control of the entire company. That means that James  liberal philosophy on environmental and other matters could become the party line not only of News Corporation but the Fox News Channel.The New York Times has described James Murdoch as  steadfastly liberal  and notes that he  has supported Bill Clinton and Al Gore whose daughter he befriended at Harvard.    Aim ",0
18832,BORDER PATROL UNION PRESIDENT Blasts Paul Ryan For Delay On Border Wall Funds [Video],"Border Patrol Council President Brandon Judd was  on Varney and Co. this morning after news hit that Paul Ryan would cave and not put funding for the border wall in the budget this year. He wasn t too happy about this news.Paul Ryan and the Washington establishment continue to put up roadblocks to the Trump agenda. This is outrageous!The strange thing is that there are reports that the wall will begin in San Diego and that construction is set to start: President Trump s proposed wall with Mexico will kick off in the San Diego border community of Otay Mesa, U.S. Customs and Border Protection confirmed Monday.The community is home to one of two border crossings in San Diego and will be the site where 20 chosen bidders will erect prototypes of the envisioned wall. Winners will be selected around June 1, the agency said.While funding for the massive infrastructure project is still not set, up to 450 companies submitted designs last week. The agency s bid said roughly 20 companies will be selected to build the prototypes   30 feet long and up to 30 feet high. Read more: SDUTThe models will be built on a roughly quarter-mile strip of federal land within 120 feet of the border, said a U.S. official with knowledge of the plans quoted by the Associated Press.BRANDON JUDD ON VARNEY & CO: Stewart Varney: There is a report this morning that Speaker Paul Ryan is suggesting that Congress delay border wall funding until next year. What do you say about that?Brandon Judd: I disagree. President Trump promised he was going to secure the border and part of securing the border is putting in place the proper technology and resources that allows us to be successful. And a border wall in strategic locations is one of those things that must get done.",0
18833,OOPS! DOCTOR DRAGGED Off United Airlines Flight Has Dark History [VIDEO],"Is it possible the  good  Dr. Dao was simply setting himself up to be the benefactor of a massive lawsuit against United Airlines?  You be the judge First underreported fact:Initially, United insinuated that flight 3411 was  overbooked.  However, United spokesman Jonathan Guerin told USA Today that was not the case. He said that all of the 70 seats on the plane were filled, but that didn t make it over capacity.Instead, a regional affiliate that was operating the flight   Republic Airlines   opted to move four of its passengers because four crew members were considered  must-ride passengers. Second underreported fact: The airline said its agents  were left with no choice  except to call Chicago Aviation Police to get Dao off of the flight. When they arrived, security officers were unable to get Dao to cooperate with their instructions and physically removed him through the aisle.In the scuffle, Dao s face struck an arm rest and his mouth became bloodied. A short time after officials got him off the plane, he returned to the cabin and ran to the back, holding onto an object and pled to let him go home.Is Dr. Dao playing to the crowd on the flight or is he truly traumatized after being physically removed from his seat?#flythefriendlyskies my husband was on that flight. Screw you United!! @united pic.twitter.com/4EcxrMy5jZ  Kaylyn Davis (@kaylyn_davis) April 10, 2017Watch the short video taken by a passenger here. It appears that the  good doctor is either very good at drama or has some sort of disorder which causes him to violently scream when touched:@United overbook #flight3411 and decided to force random passengers off the plane. Here's how they did it: pic.twitter.com/QfefM8X2cW  Jayse D. Anspach (@JayseDavid) April 10, 2017Here s some of the background on Dr. Dao, the passenger who was physically removed by airline cops from the United flight leaving from Chicago:The passenger hauled off a United flight is a lung doctor with a taste for gambling, a history of angry outbursts   and a conviction for trading narcotics prescriptions and cash for gay sex in motels.Dr. David Dao of Elizabethtown, Ky., confirmed Tuesday that he was the inadvertent star of a viral video stirring outrage around the globe and said he was undergoing hospital treatment in Chicago.In an interview from his bed, Dao, 69, told Louisville TV station WLKY that he wasn t feeling well.In 2003, Dao was charged with 98 counts of illegally prescribing and trafficking prescription painkillers such as hydrocodone, Oxycontin and Percocet. You can read the criminal complaint above, along with other documents related to the case and Dao s medical license.David Dao by Heavy on ScribdHe was a co-defendant in the case along with Brian D. Case, who was indicted on 33 felony drug charges.Dao was caught on surveillance video meeting patients and supplying them with painkillers, mainly hydrocodone.According to a criminal complaint on at least one occasion, Dao received $174 in exchange for the pills in an unlabeled bottle. From 2001-2003, Dao  unlawfully prescribed controlled substances  to patients, court documents said.The criminal complaint in the case went onto say that Dao would solicit homosexual relations with a male patient in exchange for a prescription for hydrocodone. The meetings occurred at motels and it was found that Dao had written out personal checks to the patient on more than one occasion.The patient was arrested at a Walgreens Pharmacy and brought in for an interview, where he confessed about his and Dao s relationship. The man was brought into police custody because he was calling the pharmacy to order prescriptions and saying that he was in fact Dao, picking up prescriptions under numerous aliases.Dao was eventually arrested by police at a hotel room in Jefferson County on July 25, 2003. The room was under surveillance by the Louisville Police Department and Dao was seen with the male patient without a shirt on and with his pants undone. The patient gave Dao money for a bottle of pills and police stormed the room to arrest him upon the exchange.Dao was officially charged with unlawful prescribing, trafficking in a controlled substance and complicity in obtaining drugs by fraud and deceit and pled not guilty to the charges.Some of those charges ended up being dismissed, but Dao was eventually convicted on six counts. He was found guilty of complicity in obtaining a controlled substance (hydrocodone) by fraud and sentenced to two years, eight months in prison, a sentence that was suspended, and was ordered to pay a $5,000 fine.  HeavyOn the day he was busted, Dao was secretly videotaped with Case in a Red Carpet Inn in Jefferson County, Ky.,  with his shirt off and his pants undone,  the records say.Dao was convicted after a trial and sentenced to five years  probation after the judge agreed to suspend a prison term of two-plus years recommended by the jury.He agreed to surrender his medical license in 2005, but had it provisionally reinstated in 2015 so he could work one day a week for another doctor in Elizabethtown.The licensing records also reveal how Dao was  the subject of many complaints  while working at Hardin Memorial Hospital.The Medical Executive Committee there  took a strong stance in 2002, and put [Dao] on a corrective action plan due to his disruptive behavior  and referred him  for evaluation and anger management,  the papers say.   NYP",0
18834,MELANIA WINS HUGE SETTLEMENT FROM TABLOID Over Fake And “Embarrassing Claims”,"Melania Trump just accepted damages of approximately $3 million  from Daily Mail after they published a smut article claiming she prostituted herself during her modeling career. The  false and defamatory claims  got the left-leaning tabloid in hot water when they couldn t produce evidence.The Daily Mail has been anti-Trump from the beginning. They often publish inflammatory and false articles on Trump, his family and his administration. The problem with this is that this publication is read world-wide. Millions of people are reading this slanted news! Talk about fake news!MELANIA WINS BIGLY!Melania Trump has accepted damages and an apology over allegations about her work as a professional model.The action was against Associated Newspapers, publishers of the Daily Mail.The amount of damages was not disclosed in court, although  the total payment of damages and costs is believed to come to about  $3 million.An article published in the newspaper and on Mail Online last August  included false and defamatory claims  about the First Lady  which questioned the nature of her work as a professional model, and republished allegations that she provided services beyond simply modelling , the court heard.Her lawyer John Kelly said the story included statements that Mrs Trump denied the allegations and that Paulo Zampolli, who ran the modelling agency, also denied the claims.The article, he said, also said there was no evidence to support the allegations.The article about Mrs Trump was published last August Mr Kelly told Mr Justice Nichol:  The article also claimed that Mr and Mrs Trump may have met three years before they actually met, and  staged  their actual meeting as a  ruse . He said the allegations about Mrs Trump were not true   and  strike at the heart of the claimant s personal integrity and dignity .Catrin Evans QC, for the publishers, told the judge:  The defendant acknowledges that these claims about the claimant are untrue, and we retract and withdraw them. The defendant is here today publicly to set the record straight, and to apologize to the claimant for any distress and embarrassment that the articles may have caused her. THE DAILY MAIL APOLOGY: The Mail Online website and the Daily Mail newspaper published an article on 20th August 2016 about Melania Trump which questioned the nature of her work as a professional model, and republished allegations that she provided services beyond simply modelling.The article included statements that Mrs. Trump denied the allegations and Paulo Zampolli, who ran the modelling agency, also denied the allegations, and the article also stated that there was no evidence to support the allegations.The article also claimed that Mr and Mrs Trump may have met three years before they actually met, and  staged  their actual meeting as a  ruse. We accept that these allegations about Mrs Trump are not true and we retract and withdraw them. We apologise to Mrs Trump for any distress that our publication caused her. To settle Mrs Trump s two lawsuits against us, we have agreed to pay her damages and costs.Via: Sky News",0
18835,FIRST PERSON TO BE KILLED By Terrorist In Speeding Truck Was Activist Who Helped Refugees Like The One Who Killed Her Stay In Sweden,"A Belgian psychologist and mother-of-one who worked with asylum seekers facing deportation has been named as the latest victim of Friday s jihadi atrocity in Stockholm.Males Dereymaeker, 31, was waiting for friends from work on the corner of Drottninggatan and Olof Palmes gata when the terrorist struck.She was the first victim to be hit by the speeding lorry and died instantly at the scene.It took forensic experts two days to identify her mangled body from DNA samples.Ms Dereymaeker, who was from the small town of Lembeek near Brussels and had an 18-month-old toddler, worked with illegal immigrants facing deportation like her killer, Rakhmat Akilov.Today, as Sweden held a minute s silence for the victims, politicians demanded greater powers to monitor failed asylum seekers.Activists even managed to hijack memorials for the victims with politically correct messages like the sign seen below that reads,  Terrorism Isn t [sic] A Religion :The tough new measures are being demanded after it was revealed the alleged killer Rakhmat Akilove, 39, had been told to leave Sweden in December. He was given four weeks to leave, but disappeared from his last known address.The fanatic, who killed four in Friday s carnage, told the Swedish Migration Board that he had been arrested during a demonstration and was subsequently tortured by police for nine days.However, a medical examination showed that torture had not taken place.Investigators concluded that his identity could not be confirmed as he had used several aliases when applying for asylum.A court also questioned his version of events, saying that his description of conditions in prison was too vague. He was unable to describe its appearance and anybody who was in prison with him.Read more: Daily Mail",0
18836,OBAMA SIDEKICK VALERIE JARRETT In Hot Water Over Speaking Fee At Broke Public University,"Remember when Valerie Jarrett signed with a Hollywood talent agency? Well, we think she thinks she s a BIG deal now. How do we know? She charges $30K to speak! Who would pay a penny to hear this commie speak?A college in her hometown would pay this except they re going broke!That s a whopper of a bill for a university in her hometown that s going broke. There was an outcry when is was discovered that she would speak and charge $30K. Someone came forward to donate the fee but wouldn t it have been a great move on her part to donate the money to the failing university?Valerie Jarrett found herself in hot water in her adopted hometown for agreeing to take a $30,000 speaking fee from a public university that s going broke, a new report said Tuesday.President Obama s longtime adviser and confidante eventually waived the fee for delivering a commencement address at Northeastern Illinois University in Chicago after an outcry over the hefty payment, Politico reported.The university shut down over spring break and also announced unpaid furlough days for staffers, the most recent in a string of measures taken to fight financial woes caused by a lengthy partisan state budget debate.The Chicago Sun-Times first reported the details in Jarrett s contract, and that a private donor agreed to pay her fee once university leaders raised objections. While keenly aware of the financial challenges in Illinois, we were not aware of the specific issues facing Northeastern Illinois University or that a donor would be paying for the speaking fee,  Amy Brundage, a Jarrett spokeswoman, told Politico. Jarrett notified [University] President [Richard] Helldobler this morning that she will not be accepting a speaking fee for the commencement address. Jarrett looks forward to addressing the graduates and other members of the NEIU community next month. NEIU board members were not amused about the deal paying so much for a speaker at a time the school is cutting programs and struggling to survive.Read more: NYP",0
18837,MARYLAND COUNCILWOMAN Who Struggles To Formulate Coherent Sentence Calls Trump “RETARDED”…Compares Him To Kids At Disability Center [VIDEO],"Salisbury City Councilwoman April Jackson posted a Facebook status last Thursday proclaiming that President Trump is  RETARDED. Ya lls President is RETARDED ..He s far pass the Holly Center,  Jackson wrote on her Facebook page.For those that don t know, the referenced Holly Center  is a state-operated, 24-hour residential training facility for individuals with developmental disabilities. That s right. Jackson not only called the President of the United States  retarded,  she then made it worse by comparing Trump to a facility where mentally disabled or challenged people try to make their lives better.Here s the original deleted post:Meanwhile, the woman who calls President Trump  RETARDED  appears to struggle when it comes to putting a complete sentence together on many of her Facebook posts:Anyone else notice that Jackson either  liked,   laughed  or  loved  her own post? Pathetic.Not to be outdone, Jackson commented on the controversy surrounding her comments, and as far as I can tell, she apologized for nothing. Watch below:Local news station WBOC-TV 16 tried to contact Jackson to ask her about her post on Facebook. Not surprisingly, Jackson didn t respond.WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas News Leader, FOX 21  Via-MRCTV",0
18838,TUCKER CARLSON Shocked At Lawyer’s Delusion On Rejection Of Voter ID Law In Texas [Video],"A Texas federal judge appointed by Obama has again rejected the 2011 Texas voter ID law, stating that the legislators meant to discriminate against minority voters.Tucker Carlson interviewed one of the lawyers involved in the case. The reasoning is beyond flawed! The only people being discriminated against are the LEGAL voters of this nation! Why is this activist judge assuming that minorities are being discriminated against? You will find her reasoning to be biased and racist. The Court of Appeals even came back with this statement:  some of the evidence used by the judge wasn t relevant. U.S. District Judge Nelva Gonzales Ramos made this same ruling in 2014, which forced an appeal. The Fifth Circuit issued a stay against the order. The Supreme Court stepped in and allowed Texas to use the voter ID law.But last July the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans asked the judge  to re-examine the decision  since the judges found that  some of the evidence used by the judge wasn t relevant.  The two sides reached a deal for the 2016 election, which allowed a voter to  sign a declaration swearing that he or she has had a reasonable difficulty that prevented obtaining one of the accepted forms of photo identification. Ramos went back to the drawing board but came to the same conclusion.The Texas Tribune reported:After weighing the evidence again, she came to the same conclusion, according to Monday s ruling. Her decision did not identify what some have called a smoking gun showing intent to discriminate, but it cited the state s long history of discrimination;  virtually unprecedented radical departures from normal practices  in fast-tracking the 2011 bill through the Legislature; the legislation s  unduly strict  terms; and lawmakers   shifting rationales  for passing a law that some said was needed to crack down on voter fraud. The Court holds that the evidence found  infirm  did not tip the scales,  Ramos wrote. Civil rights groups and others suing the state offered evidence that  established a discriminatory purpose was at least one of the substantial or motivating factors behind passage of SB 14,  she added.The law requires a voter to use  one of seven forms of identification  when they vote. The voter can use a driver s license, concealed handgun license, military ID, passport, or a state-issued personal ID card.Democrats and civil rights activists claimed the  Republican legislators departed from procedural norms in passing the law, including classifying it as emergency legislation, cutting debate short and bypassing the ordinary committee process in both chambers. But Republican officials, which includes Governor Greg Abbott, insists the law stops voter ID and strengthens the integrity of elections.From The New York Times:They said that the law was aimed at preventing voter fraud and that the departures from the normal legislative process were made to prevent Democratic lawmakers from manipulating procedural rules to thwart passage. They maintained that opponents had turned up no evidence that any legislator had intended to discriminate against blacks and Hispanics.Texas lawmakers have not announced how they ll respond, but they can choose to appeal again.Fox News reported:Republican Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton did not immediately react to the ruling, although the state could once again appeal, which is what one of Paxton s top deputies appeared to suggest would happen while testifying to lawmakers just as the ruling came down. Brantley Starr, a deputy first assistant attorney general, acknowledged that Texas could be dragged back under preclearance but noted there was little precedent. It s possible. It s our belief that you d have to have multiple instances of discriminatory purpose,  he said. ",0
18839,TIME TO GO? 84-Yr Old Supreme Court Justice Ginsberg Tells College Audience 3-Term Male U.S. Senator Is A Female [VIDEO],"Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg erroneously labeled South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham as one of the  women of the Senate  on Monday.Ginsburg s misstatement came in her remarks upon accepting an Allegheny College award given to her and the late Justice Antonin Scalia for civility in public life. Hours after Justice Neil Gorsuch was sworn in to replace Scalia, Ginsburg took to the podium in calling on lawmakers to work together, but mistakenly identified South Carolina s senior senator as a woman. I thought back to the 1993 confirmation of my nomination to the court the hearing was altogether civil, the vote was 96 to 3. For Justice Scalia, the vote was unanimous,  Ginsburg said.  Let s hope members of Congress, the members that Allegheny College has already honored   Vice President Joe Biden and Senator John McCain, the women of the Senate, Senators Dianne Feinstein and Lindsey Graham   let s hope that they and others of goodwill will lead in restoring harmonious work ways. Via: FOX News",0
18840,HELLO UNITED AIR LINES! Delta Just Paid A Woman $11K Not To Fly Last Weekend [Video],"In case you haven t heard, a man was assaulted by uniformed airport cops then physically pulled down the aisle of the airplane to make way for employees who were trying to get to Louisville, KY. The videos are below and are really upsetting. United Airlines offered any passenger $800 if they would leave the flight. After no one took the offer, the cops took the man off by force.DELTA AIR LINES DID THE OPPOSITE:Five days after the storms that wreaked havoc on Delta s operations, Channel 2 s Jim Strickland was back at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport to find out if recovery is complete.Strickland noticed Paris to Atlanta was one of them, a vast recovery from more than 3,000 flights canceled since Wednesday s storms.Strickland found Amanda Kowalesky in Midtown, Atlanta. She s supposed to be in West Palm, but with day one of her three day weekend shot at the airport, she stayed home.She s now lugging fears about a dream trip this summer. If there s a storm am I not going to get to Ireland in time?  Kowalesky said.  We re going to see U2 play in Dublin, that s a once in a lifetime thing. Delta flew her bag to Florida at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport. I found baggage left in the residue of the airline s spring break meltdown,  Kowalesky said.They said the flight was canceled and pandemonium broke out.After a Sunday cancelation, Eyelyn Rubin flew in this morning from Newark. Delta apparently didn t know her bag made it. They told you it was going to Arkansas?  Strickland asked.  Yes,  Rubin answered.Delta says it will hand deliver bags that don t catch up to their owners.Suzanna Wasserman is missing a bag after missing her weekend cruise out of Miami. Delta going to do for you?  Strickland asked. We don t know, we can t get anyone on the phone,  Wasserman said.Delta says it s working on compensation. Strickland Skyped with Yahoo travel editor Laura Begley Bloom, who gave up her family s seats on three consecutive days. Delta paid a total of near $11,000. I wanted to get to Florida to have my vacation, but the money kept getting better,  Bloom said.  We walked away with a pretty hefty chunk of change from Delta Air Lines. Via: wsbtvIN CASE YOU VE BEEN LIVING IN A CVE THE PAST 48 HOURS:If you ve flown much then you know that airlines overbook flights. When that happens, they usually offer free tickets to anyone willing to give up their seat.In this case, EVERYONE wanted to stay on the plane including one man who eventually had to be physically tossed off by uniformed men He claimed to be a doctor and needed to get home to see patients in the morning. We re sure you ll hear more about this man but we can t verify that he s a doctor. We just find it odd that he would endure this treatment by the security at the airport. It was a disturbing situation for sure!<strong>In the fine print when you buy your ticket, the airline reserves the right to toss you if they re over booked This isn t the way to do it! </strong>Does anyone else out there REALLY miss the good old days of flying? I do!Flying these days can be a nightmare check this one out:A United passenger was forcibly removed from a flight from Chicago to Louisville after he refused to voluntarily give up his seat.Fellow passengers on the flight posted jarring videos late Sunday night of uniformed men dragging the man off of the flight after what United called an  overbook situation. Flight 3411 from Chicago to Louisville was overbooked,  a United spokesperson told Yahoo News when asked about the incident.  After our team looked for volunteers, one customer refused to leave the aircraft voluntarily and law enforcement was asked to come to the gate. <strong>Audra D. Bridges and Tyler Bridges posted video of the incident:</strong> <blockquote class= twitter-video  data-lang= en > <p dir= ptr  lang= en ><a href= https://twitter.com/united >@united</a> <a href= https://twitter.com/FoxNews >@FoxNews</a> <a href= https://twitter.com/CNN >@CNN</a> not a good way to treat a Doctor trying to get to work because they overbooked <a href= https://t.co/sj9oHk94Ik >pic.twitter.com/sj9oHk94Ik</a></p>   Tyler Bridges (@Tyler_Bridges) <a href= https://twitter.com/Tyler_Bridges/status/851214160042106880 >April 9, 2017</a></blockquote> <script async src= //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js  charset= utf-8 ></script>ANOTHER ANGLE: <blockquote class= twitter-video  data-lang= en > <p dir= ltr  lang= en ><a href= https://twitter.com/united >@United</a> overbook <a href= https://twitter.com/hashtag/flight3411?src=hash >#flight3411</a> and decided to force random passengers off the plane. Here s how they did it: <a href= https://t.co/QfefM8X2cW >pic.twitter.com/QfefM8X2cW</a></p>   Jayse D. Anspach (@JayseDavid) <a href= https://twitter.com/JayseDavid/status/851223662976004096 >April 10, 2017</a></blockquote> <script async src= //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js  charset= utf-8 ></script>Bridges and Anspach gave similar accounts of the incident to the Louisville Courier-Journal and on Twitter: United had overbooked the flight and was looking for four volunteers to leave the plane in order to send four United crew members to Louisville. Passengers were allowed to board and United offered $800 to anyone who gave up their seat, but when there were no volunteers, United said a computer would randomly select four passengers. The man in the video claimed to be a doctor who had patients to see in the morning and refused to leave, at which point airport security dragged him off the plane.The United Contract of Carriage lays out specific policies for passengers who are not allowed to board overbooked flights but doesn t cite policy for removing passengers who are already seated on such flights.Via: <a href= https://www.yahoo.com/news/video-shows-guards-dragging-passenger-off-united-flight-132930349.html >Yahoo</a>",0
18841,OOPS! GOP Governor Who Called For Trump To “Step Aside” After Taped Sexual Remarks FORCED TO RESIGN After Embarrassing Audio Tape Proves Involvement In Sex Scandal,"Between Hollywood and our elected officials, it s hard to keep track of who has the worst record when it comes to being a disgusting hypocrite When President Trump was running for office, Alabama s Republican Governor Robert Bentley was one of the first politicians to announce that he would not support him over the exposed private conversation he had with a guy on a bus about a woman. He proudly claimed his support would be given to Governor Kashich of Ohio AP  Bentley comments came as state Alabama U.S. Reps. Martha Roby and Bradley Byrne, on Saturday called for Trump to step aside from the GOP ticket. Trump is under fire for his remarks about him groping women in a 2005 recording.Roby was one of the first Republicans to speak out against Trump on Saturday, leading what would soon be a chorus of voices against the GOP nominee. Now, it is abundantly clear that the best thing for our country and our party is for Trump to step aside and allow a responsible, respectable Republican to lead the ticket,  Roby said in a statement.  Hillary Clinton must not be president, but, with Trump leading the ticket she will be. But that was yesterday before anyone knew what a hypocrite scumbag Governor Bentley was.In June 2014, Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley and first lady Dianne Bentley agreed to a divorce settlement, ending their 50-year marriage, the governor s office said Monday.The settlement was filed just four weeks after the first lady filed for divorce, saying their marriage had suffered an  irretrievable breakdown.  The governor said he has asked a judge to unseal the case file so the public and media can see it.  CBS NewsAfter a tumultuous day in Montgomery, Governor Robert Bentley has resigned from office. The time has come for me to look at new ways to serve the people of our great state. I have decided it is time for me to step down as Alabama s governor. This comes hours after a House committee began impeachment hearings, and about one hour after Bentley was booked in the Montgomery County Jail on misdemeanor charges.  He pleaded guilty to the charges.",0
18842,"DISGUSTING! SEATTLE MAYOR WHO Announced He’s Suing Trump Over Sanctuary City Exec Order Is Accused Of Raping 15-Yr Old Boy, Two Others","Ed Murray has just been accused of alleged sexual assault of teenagers which took place in the 1980 s according to the lawsuit filed. The Mayor denies all allegations.A 46-year-old Kent man sued Seattle Mayor Ed Murray on Thursday, claiming Murray  raped and molested him  over several years, beginning in 1986 when the man was a 15-year-old high-school dropout.The lawsuit in King County Superior Court, filed under the man s initials,  D.H.,  alleges Murray sexually abused the crack-cocaine addicted teen on numerous occasions for payments of $10 to $20. I have been dealing with this for over 30 years,  the man, now sober for a year, said in an interview with The Seattle Times. He said he was coming forward as part of a  healing process  after years of  the shame, the embarrassment, the guilt, the humiliation that I put myself through and that he put me through. A statement from Murray s personal spokesman Jeff Reading said,  These false accusations are intended to damage a prominent elected official who has been a defender of vulnerable populations for decades. It is not a coincidence that this shakedown effort comes within weeks of the campaign filing deadline. These unsubstantiated assertions, dating back three decades, are categorically false. Mayor Murray has never engaged in an inappropriate relationship with any minor.   Mayor Murray will vigorously fight these allegations in court. D.H. is not the first to accuse Murray, one of the state s most powerful politicians, of sexual abuse that occurred decades ago. Murray, 61, has known of other allegations for years, and has quietly, but vigorously denied them.Two men, Jeff Simpson and Lloyd Anderson, said they knew Murray when they were growing up in a Portland center for troubled children, and later as teenagers. They accuse Murray of abusing them in the 1980s when he was in his 20s. Simpson made the claim as a teen in 1984, and talked with a social worker and detective at the time. No charges were filed.",0
18843,"SORE LOSER, WAR-HAWK John McCain Blames President Trump For Syrian Chemical Attack [VIDEO]","Sunday on CBS s  Face the Nation,  Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) said the administration of President Donald Trump was  probably was partially to blame,  for the deadly chemical weapons attack in Syria.McCain referred to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson comments in March that  the longer-term status  of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad will be decided by the Syrian people, McCain said,  I think it probably was partially to blame. And Secretary Tillerson is basically saying the same thing after kind of contradicting himself and then saying the same thing argues vigorously for a plan and a strategy. As I said, again, taking this action, I support and was important. But we have got to have a strategy and a plan to follow through.   Breitbart",0
18844,MSNBC PINHEAD HOST Threatens FOX’S Bill O’Reilly: “Come and sue me…I dare you” [Video],"But O Donnell told Joy Reid on MSNBC s  AM Joy  on Sunday that if they sue Walsh, they should sue him as well: I believe that Bill O Reilly sexually harassed Wendy Walsh. I believe Bill O Reilly is a sexual harasser. Now, according to O Reilly s thug lawyer, I m sue-able right now. Go ahead. Go ahead. Come and sue me, Bill O Reilly, I dare you.  He predicted that O Reilly won t sue because  he s actually guilty of these things  and also because he wouldn t want to be under oath answering questions about the case.O Donnell also blasted Fox News as a  cesspool of sexual harassment and abuse of women. Attention-starved O Donnell wants to jump in on the action   It s all about ratings ",0
18845,CAMPING NIGHTMARE: Machete Wielding Refugee Drags 23-Yr Old Woman From Tent…Forces Boyfriend To Watch The Unthinkable,"A refugee from Ghana has been arrested for dragging a young woman from her tent and raping her while she was on a camping holiday with her boyfriend.The young couple were on a camping trip in the Siegaue Nature Reserve, north of the former German capital of Bonn, when they were approached by a machete-wielding man at about 12.30am on Sunday last week.The boyfriend was forced to watch as the attacker violated his 23-year-old lover.The boyfriend, 26, who had also been threatened by the man, contacted police and medical responders took her to hospital. A photofit picture of the attacker led to his arrest on Saturday and DNA testing confirmed his guilt, according to police.He tried to flee when police moved in to arrest him, flinging a rucksack at one officer.  Daily Mail ",0
18846,HOW GORSUCH Will Have Immediate Effect On Historic 2nd Amendment Decision And These Significant Controversial Cases,"Neil M. Gorsuch joins the Supreme Court just in time to cast potentially significant votes in cases that pit religious liberty against gay rights, test limits on funding for church schools and challenge California s restrictions on carrying a concealed gun in public.Such issues arise either in appeals filed by conservative groups that have been pending before the justices for weeks or in cases to be heard later this month.Gorsuch s votes in those matters may give an early sign of whether the court s conservatives   with their 5-4 majority restored by his confirmation   will pursue an activist agenda.The cases include a Colorado baker s claim that he deserves a faith-based exemption from the state s anti-discrimination law after he refused to design a wedding cake for a gay couple. The justices have been considering his appeal behind closed doors since December, but have taken no action.  LA TimesA Second Amendment controversy arising from California, would be the biggest gun-rights decision in several years, should the justices agree to hear it.In D.C. v. Heller and McDonald v. Chicago, the Court ruled that the Constitution protects the right to keep functional firearms in the home for self-defense, and that state and local governments cannot infringe upon said right. The challenge now pending before the Court, Peruta v. California, involves the right to carry a firearm outside the home for self-defense.The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals issued a ruling in 2016 affording county governments in California significant leeway in the issuance of concealed carry permits. Some permit regimes in the state are fairly accommodating of applicants, while others make it functionally impossible to obtain a concealed carry license. A group of Second Amendment applicants challenged the 9th Circuit s decision.Should the justices take the case and side with the activists, they could announce a constitutionally-protected right to bear firearms outside the home for the first time in American history.Via: Daily Caller",0
18847,SUBWAY RIDER ATTACKED With Hammer For Asking Passenger To Stop ‘MAN-SPREADING’,"Hammer attacks have been happening way too often lately.  Honestly, if you Google NYC hammer attacks you come up with way too many cases. Is this the new trend in street crime? Last year, it was slashing with a razor or knife. Horrible!We just reported on a hammer attack last week:While the left wants to take guns away, the hammer is the culprit in this subway brawl This is a terrible attack that was provoked by nothing! Two men asked if the person on the subway could move over. The passenger was  man-spreading  aka using up two seats by spreading his legs apart.New York launched a campaign last year with posters on the subway telling passengers not to  man-spread . As you can see, it was a total waste of taxpayer dollars.It all went downhill from there An argument over man-spreading on a Lower East Side subway train ended in an all-out brawl with one man attacking another with a hammer, officials said Saturday.The 30-year-old hammer victim was on a Queens-bound J train pulling into the Bowery station when his 53-year-old pal asked a stranger taking up two seats to make room.The seat hog complied but that didn t stop the 30-year-old man from getting into an argument with him and six friends he was riding the train with, sparking a fight.One of the six friends repeatedly kicked the 30-year-old man in the head and chest, officials said.J train nightmare ensues after off-duty cop shoves conductor When the victim tried to defend himself, his attacker s friends jumped in   and one of them pulled a hammer out of his backpack and bashed the victim repeatedly with it.The victim and his friend, 53, were on a Queens-bound J train coming into the Bowery/Delancey St. station when the older man asked a stranger taking up two seats to move.The victim s friend tried to shield the victim but was also beaten, witnesses told police.The suspects fled the train at the Bowery station and have not been caught, police said.First responders took both victims to Beth Israel Hospital with non-life-threatening wounds.Via: NYDN",0
18848,PAUL JOSEPH WATSON Is Not Happy About The Air Strike On Syria…Here’s Why [VIDEO],"The truth about the air strike on Syria.SHARE: https://t.co/ABMiasgK6D pic.twitter.com/eoEjPeb5w7  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) April 8, 2017Watson argues that half of Trumps advisors are CFR globalists and that he has NOT yet drained the swamp.Watson also claims the airbase that was bombed was actually protected a nearby Christian town from being overrun by jihadists. He claims that that town will now be taken over by jihadists, and that the air strike on the air base only cleared the way from them to move in and take over.Watson also questions why Assad would have used chemicals to attack his own people when it would be completely self-defeating?  Less than one week ago, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said a regime change in Syria was  off the table . Now Tillerson is saying regime change is back on the table. Why would Assad put himself in this position he asks? Watson believes there is a real chance that Trump has been surrounded and manipulated by neocons in the  deep state .",0
18849,WATCH CRAZED LEFTIES PROTESTING TRUMP Shut Down Syrian Refugee Who Disagrees [Video],"THIS IS SO IRONIC! CRAZED LEFTISTS with an anti-Trump agenda had a hard time relating to reason from a Syrian refugee who actually has skin in the game. They claim to be speaking to protect this guy and other Syrians, but they actually don t care about what he has to say. They don t care about the facts!A Syrian refugee shut down by protestors, trying to make his point in a polite way. Is this really acceptable? #stopthewar #syria pic.twitter.com/yvEgNfuPZZ  Tehmoor Khalid  (@TehmoorKhalid) April 7, 2017Is anyone surprised?Watch the crazy lefty shake her finger in his face and yell at him. Of course, she knows more about what s going on in his country than he does. He asks the woman if he could speak, when the head guy who s probably a Soros employee, tells her to  keep chanting What these people forget is that we are supposed to have the right to free speech in America! Why is it the left that continuously silences anyone and everyone they disagree with?ANOTHER EXAMPLE OF THE LEFT TRYING TO FRAME THE NARRATIVE:A set up by CNN to try and push the anti-Trump narrative experienced a major detour today when a survivor of a gas attack in 2013 didn t follow the line of propaganda that CNN was pushing. CNN pundit Brooke Baldwin had interviewed this victim of the 2013 attack just 3 days ago. This survivor spoke of the attacks on innocents setting up the liberal humanitarian perspective.Fast forward to today when we have the aftermath of last night s airstrike, Ms. Baldwin brought Kassem Eid back to frame a narrative about President Trump launching an airstrike in Syria, but being unwilling to accept Syrian refugees. They wanted to make Trump out to be a hypocrite.To set up the attack on Trump, CNN producers  showed Hillary Clinton saying,  we cannot speak of protecting Syria s babies, and in the next breath close America s doors to them .What happened next shocked Baldwin and she couldn t shut this guy down fast enough Epic!Kassem Eid, who survived a 2013 chemical gas attack in Syria, expresses his gratitude to President Trump for his missile strike of a Syrian airbase.",0
18850,PRESIDENT TRUMP’S Sr. Staff Member Omarosa Manigault Marries Democrat Pastor At Trump’s DC Hotel Amid Death Threats [VIDEO],"Omarosa Manigault, a senior staff member of President Donald Trump s administration and a former Apprentice cast member, got married in Trump s Washington DC hotel this morning.Omarosa has been a staunch defender of her boss President Donald J. Trump. The video of her appearance on The View, where she single-handedly destroyed Joy Behar and crew went viral the day after her appearance. Please enjoy:About 70 people attended the wedding in the hotel s Presidential Ballroom, which was followed by a brunch and reception.Donald Trump and other White House senior staff remained at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida following Chinese President Xi Jinping s visit and after the US airstrike on Syria. The couple exchanged vows at an intimate private ceremony and the celebration went forward without incident   despite Omarosa s concerns about death threats.Last week, Omarosa received $25,000 worth of merchandise from Kleinfeld Bridal after appearing on the television show  Say Yes to the Dress, The Hill reported.The former reality television star postponed and relocated her upcoming wedding to Pastor Newman because of concerns about her safety and backlash from her fianc s church.She was supposed to get married on March 25 at the church her fianc  oversees, The Sanctuary @ Mt. Calvary, in Jacksonville, Florida.But sources close to Omarosa revealed to DailyMail.com that an onslaught of death threats and safety concerns caused her to delay her nuptials and move the ceremony to Washington, DC.Via: Daily Mail",0
18851,BREAKING WIKILEAKS BOMBSHELL! Murdered DNC Staffer Seth Rich Was DNC LEAKER: “He Was My Whistleblower”,"Conspiracy theories have been surrounding the murder of Seth Rich. They reached a new frenzy after the hacking of DNC e-mails led to the resignation of its chairwoman, Debbie Wasserman Schultz.Rich was beaten, shot and killed early on the morning of July 8 while he was walking home and talking on the phone to his girlfriend. Police have said they haven t determined if his murder was a botched robbery or something else. The killer or killers appear to have taken nothing from their victim, leaving behind his wallet, watch and phone.Wikileaks just confirmed murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was the source of the DNC leak.Wikileaks released a series direct messages from US alleged  Russian spy  Guccifer 2.0 to actress model Robbin Young (according to Young).In the stream of texts the discussion leads to the DNC leaker.His name is  Seth ** In November Julian Assange said Russia did not hack into the DNC servers. -h/t GP Here s the proof:Direct Messages from U.S. alleged Russian spy @GUCCIFER_2 to actress-model @robbin_young (according to the latter) https://t.co/uMsB9WgxRQ  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 8, 2017Actress Robbin Young claims she had given this information she received from Guccifer 2.0 to the authorities but,  no one cared :https://twitter.com/Robbin_Young/status/850743524953702404Actress Robbin Young states that Guccifer 2.0 told her,  i m eager to find facts about seth, i m sure it wasn t just a robbery. seth was assassinated. :Guccifer 2.0 said, ""i'm eager to find fact about seth, i'm sure it wasn't just a robbery. seth was assassinated."" #SethRich  Robbin Young (@Robbin_Young) March 29, 2017In June 2016,the hacker Guccifer 2.0 claimed responsibility for breaking into the Democratic National Committee s servers, lifting opposition research the DNC had gathered, including a 200-page document focused on presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.The hacker s moniker is an homage to  Guccifer,  the nom de guerre of Romanian hacker Marcel Lazar who claimed a previous hack into Hillary Clinton s private email server and is now awaiting prosecution for cybercrimes.  RTWhile Wikileaks  Julian Assange was being interviewed by John Pilger, he brought up the death of Seth Rich. Watch Assange s strange and somewhat cagey reply.Here is part of the conversation:Julian Assange: Whistleblowers go to significant efforts to get us material and often very significant risks. As a 27 year-old, works for the DNC, was shot in the back, murdered just a few weeks ago for unknown reasons as he was walking down the street in Washington.Reporter: That was just a robbery, I believe. Wasn t it?Julian Assange: No. There s no finding. So  I m suggesting that our sources take risks.Watch it again in slow motion below:Watch Assange answer question about Seth Rich s murder again in slow-motion: THE RUSSIA HOAX: Julian Assange acknowledges murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was Wikileaks  source. Why is MSM covering this up? #Trump pic.twitter.com/FS297JooQI  ViveLaFrance (@vivelafra) December 11, 2016Seth Rich s parents explain what happened only moments before his death. He was the Voter Expansion Data Director for the DNC. His parents say he was,  Making sure everyone who wanted to vote, had the opportunity :Shortly after the killing, Redditors and social media users were pursuing a  lead  saying that Rich was en route to the FBI that fateful morning, apparently intending to speak to special agents about an  ongoing court case  possibly involving the Clinton family.More recently, Wikileaks s thousands of DNC emails and voice mails have piqued Reddit s interest, with Redditors combing through years of communications looking for any clue to Rich s murder.The theory is apparently based on Julian Assange s recent ITV appearance, where he scoffed at the idea that Russian hackers could be responsible for the data dump, and said that  anyone  within the Democrats  organization could easily have sent Wikileaks the offending messages.Given that Rich as a DNC staffer presumably would have had some access to its servers, Reddit is absolutely positive Rich paid the ultimate price for exposing Debbie Wasserman Schultz and the DNC s crusade against Bernie Sanders.  HeatstreetGo HERE for fascinating timeline of events leading up to the brutal murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich. ",0
18852,WOW! FBI SUED Over Andrew Breitbart Records Request…What Are They Withholding?,"The speech he gave to a sold out crowd on Saturday is epic. We often listen to it to get fired up about bringing down the commies currently trying to destroy America. It s truly epic! THE SPEECH THAT BREITBART IS BEST KNOWN FOR IS HIS CPAC SPEECH:The complaint, filed Friday in federal court in California, says that Leopold filed a Freedom of Information Act request with the FBI for  all records related to Andrew Breitbart  on Aug. 7, 2012, a few months after Breitbart died at age 43.According to the suit, the FBI responded to the request on Sept. 4, but said that the bureau only searched it  main file records,  claiming that no records were located.The complaint says that Leopold appealed the FBI s response but was denied by the U.S. Department of Justice Office of Information in 2013. In its appeal decision, OIP claimed that the FBI is not required to perform cross-reference searches unless the requester provides  information sufficient to enable the FBI to determine with certainty that any cross-references it locates are identifiable to the subject of [the] request,  including, for example, the dates and locations of contacts between the subject of the request and the FBI, the subject s social security number, or other such information,  the suit reads.However, BuzzFeed and Leopold contend in the complaint,  Nothing in the FOIA statute requires a requester to provide this information before a cross-reference search must be conducted. As FBI and OIP are certainly aware, Andrew Breitbart was a well-known public figure and is easily identifiable by the FBI in conducting a cross-reference search,  the suit reads.  As the FBI and OIP are also aware, cross-reference searches frequently turn up records not located in main file searches. Via: THE WRAP",0
18853,WHY DEMOCRATS Can Thank HARRY REID For Replacing Justice Scalia With Neil Gorsuch [VIDEO],"In 2013, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid used the  nuclear option  to call for a vote to change the rules of the Senate with a simple majority. His call won 52-48, with only three Democrats voting in opposition to the rule change that eliminated the ability to filibuster any presidential nominees except the United States Supreme Court.  This is the way it has to be,  Reid said. Former President Barack Obama supported Reid s rule change, citing that Republicans used the filibuster more often than the historical average in order to prevent confirmation of his nominees.Watch Democrats explain why they need the  nuclear option  is necessary:  Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell vowed revenge and hoped to recoup a majority in the Senate in the upcoming 2014 elections, which they successfully did. Reid s decision proved to bear short term benefits for Democrats; it set the precedent for McConnell to apply the same option to push through President Donald Trump s nominee to the Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch.  The ObserverThanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.  Senator Harry Reid (@SenatorReid) November 21, 2013McConnell recently promised not to kill the filibuster for legislation, though Politico reported he  argued that using the nuclear option to confirm Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch later this week merely restores what had been the custom in the Senate before a war over judicial nominations flared up during the George W. Bush administration.  The nuclear option was averted in 2005 over several of Bush s court picks, but Reid s use of it in 2013 allowed several of Trump s nominees to barely get confirmation in the Senate with a simple majority. Now, Republicans used the power to change the rules again to apply this simple majority rule to the Supreme Court nomination.",0
18854,“GODFATHER OF FAKE NEWS” Brian Williams Calls Syrian Airstrikes “Beautiful”…Instantly Gets DESTROYED On Twitter,"Watch:good thing we don't have govt-controlled media in this country pic.twitter.com/fLkt9lQZa6  Adam H. Johnson (@adamjohnsonNYC) April 7, 2017Brian Williams is getting hammered on Twitter after making what many consider to be an insensitive and even repulsive choice of words to describe an airstrike on human beings in Syria:Brian Williams must love the smell of Napalm in the morning .  pixzen (@pixzen) April 7, 2017Twitter user Brett Eversole suggests that Brian Williams and John McCain apparently share the same lust for war with this tweet:Somewhere John McCain and Brian Williams are engaging in a threesome w/ a cruise missile right now  Brett (@NeverKnovvsBest) April 7, 2017Peter Gratton took issue with Williams referencing the  beauty  of the missiles as though it was a fireworks display:How morally obtuse to react to missile launches that will kill scores of people like they're July 4th fireworks? https://t.co/km9VtvWx02  Peter Gratton (@PeterMGratton) April 7, 2017Another ""BEAUTIFUL"" Brian Williams bombshell. When will the drama queens at FAKE NEWS learn to just REPORT the news? @MSNBC @greta @CNN  Liberty Wins (@ScottLynch149) April 7, 2017And finally, this Twitter user asks Williams,  What is wrong with you? https://twitter.com/earthmann/status/850453062804262913",0
18855,YIKES! Hillary Still Needs Help Walking On Stage…Walks Gingerly To Microphone [VIDEO],"A producer at the Women in the World event had an awkward moment on Thursday night when he was caught in the spotlight while leading Hillary Clinton onto the stage.The backstage producer could be seen with his hand on Clinton s back leading her onto the stage and pointing her in which direction to walk to get to her position.Hillary gingerly walking across the stage to greet Samantha Bee, who introduced her, letting out a hearty cackle while successfully negotiating the riser.Moments later, Clinton conquered a single step like a pro before taking a seat.Ummm Sorry Samantha Bee, but we re not seeing the Beyonc connection.  American Mirror",0
18856,WATCH TUCKER CARLSON Scorch Sanctuary City Mayor: “Don’t you believe in laws?” [Video], ,0
18857,PARIS NIGHTMARE: MUSLIM MAN Scales Wall Of Apartment…Stabs Jewish Woman…What He Does Next Is Unthinkable! [VIDEO],"An elderly Jewish woman living in Paris was not even safe in her own apartment from a Muslim man who scaled the wall of her apartment and violently murdered her. While the authorities have not yet named the motive, it s highly likely the Muslim man who killed the Orthodox Jewish woman while yelling,  Alluha Akbar  may have been motivated to commit such a hateful crime by the  religion of peace In a violent attack causing trepidation amongst Paris  Jewish community, a 66-year-old Orthodox woman, Sarah Halimi, was murdered to the cry of  Allahu Akbar  early Tuesday morning, pushed from the window of her top-floor apartment in Paris  11th arrondissement.The accused, a 27-year-old of Muslim origin known to police for a string of offenses, had broken into the apartment of his victim   reportedly scaling the exterior wall from the floor below where he lived with his parents   to stab his victim before throwing her to her death.The lifeless body of Ms. Halimi was found on the ground beneath her apartment, having been pushed to her death from her third story window during the attack which took place at approximately 4:30am.Three armed police were on the scene prior to the murder, according to neighbors, who also reported hearing the cry of  Allahu Akbar  at the moment of the crime. Unconfirmed reports circulating on social media also suggest that Ms. Halimi had previously been harassed by a relative of the accused, and that she had been subjected to verbal abuse in the days leading up to the incident. Neighbors claim that the accused had been  radicalized  and that police were waiting for an anti-terrorist unit to deal with the situation.French media have been covering the event with limited reference to the background of either the victim or the accused, instead characterizing the crime as the act of an unhinged individual. Further details of the incident have been emerging in the local Jewish media, with the story now gaining traction in Israel.Whilst the motives behind this crime are not yet 100% clear, it represents a growing phenomenon of criminal acts being preceded by cries of  Allahu Akbar  ( Our God is Greater ) consistently explained by French media as the acts of  d s quilibr s , the  unbalanced    a word fast entering the lexicon for such circumstances. Gateway Pundit",0
18858,LEAKED DOCUMENTS Show How This American Citizen Works To Affect Outcomes Of Elections Around The World,"Leaked documents from George Soros  Open Society Foundations reveal how Soros works to defeat populist candidates and movements in Europe.Soros, a U.S. citizen, uses a network of nonprofits and partner organizations across Europe to try and affect the outcomes of elections in foreign countries, the documents show.Through advocacy efforts, education campaigns and media influencing projects, Soros does his best to affect electoral outcomes around the globe in support of his open borders worldview.Populist candidates opposed to mass immigration represent a direct threat to that worldview: THE PM OF HUNGARY HAS CALLED OUT SOROS ON HIS MASS MIGRATION EFFORT: It is causing trouble   that they are trying secretly and with foreign money to influence Hungarian politics,  Orban said.OSF sent $35,000 to the Athena Institute for the express purpose of  Analyzing and reporting the 2014 European elections and countering extremist and populist political voices in Hungary. Another $49,930 went to the Institute for European Policy for  Naming and shaming populism in [the European Parliament] election campaign  in the Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia.Another $27,049 was given to the Public Diplomacy Council of Catalonia for a workshop to influence  leading journalists and media practitioners from Europe  to change their coverage to prevent  populist, xenophobic and Eurosceptic movements. The stated aim of the workshop was to  trigger a change of attitude amongst journalists and media practitioners so that they will report about the EU in a way that does not directly promote the cause of these movements. An OSF spokesperson said the organization  has funded efforts to encourage voter participation and education, encourage policy innovation, and promote independent journalism to help make governments of all types more transparent and accountable to the people they serve. Open Society Foundations does not financially support candidates for public office. OSF may not financially support candidates for public office, but it is clear from the documents that OSF did support organizations who opposed candidates who clash with the OSF worldview.A $46,840 grant to the Center for Peace Studies, for example, was meant to  stimulate public support and election turnout among ambivalent voters in order to prevent the election of xenophobic, racist, and other radical political options representing Croatia at the EU level.  Supporting restrictions on immigration is typically synonymous with  xenophobia  in OSF s internal documents.Another $100,000 went to UNITED for Intercultural Action to  counter the election [of European Members of Parliament] from populist and far-right parties in Europe. According to the documents, UNITED teamed up with the European Network Against Racism (ENAR) and Hope not Hate to push back against populist candidates in all 28 member states of the EU, while  particularly focusing  on five countries: France, Greece, Hungary, Italy, and the Netherlands. Local groups in these five countries will be formed to organize meetings and door-to-door campaigns ahead of the EP elections to (1) encourage voters to register and vote; and (2) to vote for non-extremist candidates,  the documents state.Netherlands, a separate OSF document explained, was one of the five  priority countries  because of the rise of the far-right PPV party, lead by populist Geert Wilders.OSF chose Netherlands because polling showed PPV  will have a very good result in the European Parliament elections, and because it is one of the drivers of anti-European and anti-migration discourse in the EU. Another document, from two months before the 2014 EP elections, stated that OSF s strategy in the Netherlands varied depending on the success of Wilders and PPV. The outcome of the European Parliament elections in May 2014 and how well the PPV, the populist party of Geert Wilders, does will help to determine [OSF s] next steps in the Netherlands,  the document stated.In total, Soros gave more than $6 million to 90 different partner organizations to influence the outcome of the 2014 European Parliamentary elections.Read more: Daily Caller",0
18859,JUST IN TIME FOR RE-ELECTION…Angela Merkel’s Cabinet Agrees To Bill Designed To “Stop Fake-News” Or Suppress Truth About Rampant Sexual Assault By Refugees?,"Here are a few facts:Sexual violence in Germany has reached epidemic proportions since Chancellor Angela Merkel allowed into the country more than one million mostly male migrants from Africa, Asia and the Middle East.Gatestone Institute first reported Germany s migrant rape crisis in September 2015, when Merkel opened up the German border to tens of thousands of migrants stranded in Hungary. A follow-up report was published in March 2016, in the aftermath of mass attacks against German women by mobs of migrants in Cologne, Hamburg and other German cities.Germany s migrant rape crisis has now spread to cities and towns in all 16 of Germany s federal states. Germany is effectively under siege; public spaces are becoming increasingly perilous. Police have warned about a potential breakdown of public order this summer, when young male migrants are likely to see women lightly dressed.During the month of July 2016, hundreds of German women and children were sexually assaulted by migrants (see Appendix below). The youngest victim was nine; the oldest, 79. Attacks occurred at beaches, bike trails, cemeteries, discotheques, grocery stores, music festivals, parking garages, playgrounds, schools, shopping malls, taxis, public transportation (buses, trams, intercity express trains and subways), public parks, public squares, public swimming pools and public restrooms. Predators are lurking everywhere; safety nowhere.Dozens of women and children have been assaulted by migrants at summer festivals and public swimming pools   staples of ordinary German life.Germany officially unveiled a landmark social-media bill Wednesday that could quickly turn this nation into a test case in the effort to combat the spread of fake news and hate speech in the West.The highly anticipated draft bill is also highly contentious, with critics denouncing it as a curb on free speech. If passed, as now appears likely, the measure would compel large outlets such as Facebook and Twitter to rapidly remove fake news that incites hate, as well as other  criminal  content, or face fines as high as 50 million euros ($53 million).Chancellor Angela Merkel s cabinet agreed on the draft bill Wednesday, giving it a high chance of approval in the German Parliament before national elections in September. In effect, the move is Germany s response to a barrage of fake news during last year s elections in the United States, with officials seeking to prevent a similar onslaught here.Already, a few fake news reports have emerged in Germany. One falsely alleged that a German girl of Russian descent was raped last year by asylum seekers. Repeated by high-level Russian officials, the reports seemed aimed at Merkel s open-door policy for refugees.Merkel is now involved in a strenuous campaign for a fourth term in office. The providers of social networks are responsible when their platforms are misused to spread hate crime or illegal false news,  German Justice Minister Heiko Maas said in a statement.The proposed law would apply only within German borders. But Maas said Wednesday he would press for similar measures across the European Union.   Washington Post",0
18860,"MAID SCREAMS, BEGS FOR HELP As She Holds On To Window Of High-Rise Apartment By One Knuckle…Boss Films Her Fall [VIDEO]","While immature, snowflake college students freak out over the pronouns their fellow students and teachers use to address them, people in so many countries around the world are facing real human rights violations that most of us can t even imagine.The floor looks clean in this high-rise apartment, seven stories above Kuwait City traffic. Not a smudge in sight on the picture window. On the other side of the glass, the maid is hanging on by one knuckle, screaming. Oh crazy, come here,  a woman says casually in Arabic, holding a camera up to the maid. Hold on to me! Hold on to me!  the maid yells.Instead, the woman steps back. The maid s grip finally slips, and she lands in a cloud of dust, many stories below.The maid   an Ethiopian who had been working in the country for several years, according to the Kuwait Times   survived the fall. The videographer, her employer, was arrested last week on a charge of failing to help the worker.It s still unclear what led to the fall. But it was not the first time a domestic servant had fallen off of a building in Kuwait, an oil-rich country where foreign workers are cheap, plentiful and live largely at the mercy of their employers.  Washington Post",0
18861,"BRITAIN’S THERESA MAY Refuses To Wear Headscarf On Saudi Arabia Visit…Media Compares Her Bravery To Hillary, Michelle Obama…But We Have Pictures That Tell A Different Story","How long before the media will stop using two of the most irrelevant women in America to compare to women who actually will be remembered in history for making a positive difference in this world? British Prime Minister Theresa May, turned heads on Tuesday when she arrived in Saudi Arabia without wearing a headscarf   reportedly bucking the advice of her own government.The photos showed May s ankles and wrists were covered. However, The Telegraph noted her outfit did not completely comply with Foreign Office guidelines:  Women should wear conservative, loose-fitting clothes as well as a full length cloak (abaya) and a headscarf. There is no law in Saudi Arabia forcing foreign visitors to wear a headscarf, the newspaper reported.   FOX NewsMSN News and other publications attempted to paint Hillary and Michelle Obama as two other prominent women who refused to don the headscarf in Saudi Arabia. They probably just forgot that First Ladies going back for several decades refused wear a headscarf while visiting Saudi Arabia.She follows in the footsteps of other political figures including Hillary Clinton and Michelle Obama, in refusing to adhere to the dress code for women.Ms May has said she hopes to be an inspiration to oppressed women in Saudi Arabia by showing people there  what women can achieve .Wow here s Hillary in Muslim majority Pakistan. It sure looks like her head is covered in this picture: While the media is busy giving Hillary kudos for being so brave as to reject wearing a headscarf in Saudi Arabia, perhaps they can explain why she and her adult daughter were wearing headscarfs with the person many call the  Father of terrorism  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. How is it considered  brave  to wear a headscarf in deference to a terrorist?Oops! It looks like Michelle was caught wearing a headscarf while visiting Muslim majority Jakarta, Indonesia. It doesn t look like she s  refusing  to follow the Islamic dress code in this picture. While it s true that Michelle did not wear a headscarf while visiting Saudi Arabia, she was only following a long tradition of other First Ladies who also refused to wear a headscarf. She was not expected to, nor did she shake hands with the Saudi dignitaries.Rosalyn Carter can be seen without a headscarf as she walked behind the Saudi dignitaries.",0
18862,"BLACK WOMAN ATTACKS Man, His Car, Boat With Hammer…Spits In Wife’s Face: “I’m sick of fancy white people” [VIDEO]","A black New Jersey woman who said she s  sick of fancy white people  allegedly attacked a man with a hammer and smashed his Porsche and boat at a Virginia gas station was arrested Wednesday, according to authorities and reports.Angela Jones, 26, of Newark is accused of beating the man from Massachusetts Tuesday as he fueled up his car at an Exxon gas station on I-95, the Essex County Sheriff s Office said.The victim, identified by WTVR.com only as Bob, had stopped at the station on his way home from Florida with his wife Katherine when he was allegedly approached by a screaming Jones. This lady was a couple pumps over and talking to me and yelling at somebody about having a message for her. I had no idea what she was talking about,  Bob told WTVR.com. I was coming around the side of the car and next thing I know a car blocks me in. She comes out of her car gets in my face and yelling at me about some sort of message I got for her,  he said.The victim said that Jones eventually threatened to put a hole in his  fancy boat. Jones then allegedly busted up the victim s Porsche and his boat with the tool and spat in the face of the victim s wife, according to Sheriff Armando Fontoura of the Essex County Sheriff s Office. You ve gotta love how the authorities say they re investigating a  possible  hate crime Possible hate crime leaves man bloodied at gas pump https://t.co/sS5c44rjBf pic.twitter.com/vQI8F4zqRe  WTVR CBS 6 Richmond (@CBS6) April 4, 2017A sheriff from the Carolina County Sheriff s Office in Virginia told the news outlet,  She actually took a hammer and she hit his vehicle and the boat She actually clawed him. He took her down to the ground to prevent her from doing any more damage. Jones, who is black, reportedly said she was  sick of fancy white people,  during the attack, the couple told WVTR.com. I have no idea why she started going after us, but I guess she thought we were some rich people,  Bob said.The Carolina County Sheriff s Office said it is investigating whether the case is a hate crime, according to the news station.Via: NYP",0
18863,MUSLIM TEEN Who Wrote 3 Radical Words Over And Over Again On College Application Has Been ACCEPTED To Prestigious Stanford University,"A Muslim teenager from New Jersey was accepted to the prestigious Stanford University after he wrote  #BlackLivesMatter  a hundred times on his college application.Ziad Ahmed, a senior who attends the $34,600 a year private Princeton Day School, posted his acceptance letter and the essay that helped get him accepted on Twitter. The tweet shows that when he was prompted to answer the question,  What matters to you, and why?  Ahmed simply wrote the hashtag  #BlackLivesMatter  one hundred times.In his acceptance letter, Stanford emphasized how the university loved the  passion, determination, accomplishments and heart  shown in Ahmed s application. They also said he will be joining a  diverse, joyful, and welcoming campus community with a shared determination to make our world better  if he chooses to attend Stanford.In an interview with Mic, Ahmed said,  I was actually stunned when I opened the update and saw that I was admitted. I didn t think I would get admitted to Stanford at all, but it s quite refreshing to see that they view my unapologetic activism as an asset rather than a liability,  he added.Ahmed said he included a reference to Black Lives Matter because he feels  unapologetic progressivism is a central part of my identity, and I wanted that to be represented adequately in my application. To me, to be Muslim is to be a BLM ally, and I honestly can t imagine it being any other way for me,  Ahmed explained.  Furthermore, it s critical to realize that one-fourth to one-third of the Muslim community in America are black   and to separate justice for Muslims from justices for the black community is to erase the realities of the plurality of our community. Happy birthday to my role model, @lsarsour! As an American-Muslim youth today, she inspires/empowers me through her advocacy. Grateful. pic.twitter.com/u1YdU3tlyt  Ziad Ahmed (@ziadtheactivist) March 19, 2017Ahmed s Twitter profile includes more of his activism and political leanings. On his Twitter page, Ahmed has a profile photo with former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, a background photo with former President Obama, a photo with Women s March organizer and terrorist sympathizer Linda Sarsour, and a photo with Teen Vogue writer Lauren Duca, who famously said President Trump is  gaslighting America  and defended Ivanka Trump being harassed.Although Ahmed s application mentioned his support for Black Lives Matter, according to the College Board website, Stanford is 36 percent white, 21 percent Asian, 16 percent Hispanic or Latino, 10 percent two or more races, 9 percent non-resident alien, but only 6 percent black or African American.   MRCTV ",0
18864,BODY LANGUAGE EXPERT Gives Clear Examples Of Susan Rice Lying About Trump Surveillance During Interview [VIDEO],"Watch the fascinating analysis of Rice s body language here:The latest news from The Daily Caller proves that Susan Rice was lying in her PBS interview:Former President Barack Obama s national security adviser Susan Rice ordered U.S. spy agencies to produce  detailed spreadsheets  of legal phone calls involving Donald Trump and his aides when he was running for president, according to former U.S. Attorney Joseph diGenova. What was produced by the intelligence community at the request of Ms. Rice were detailed spreadsheets of intercepted phone calls with unmasked Trump associates in perfectly legal conversations with individuals,  diGenova told The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group Monday. The overheard conversations involved no illegal activity by anybody of the Trump associates, or anyone they were speaking with,  diGenova said.  In short, the only apparent illegal activity was the unmasking of the people in the calls. Two weeks after the PBS interview shown by the body language expert, watch Susan Rice admit to unmasking  U.S. persons  included in intelligence reports to MSNBC s Andrea Mitchell:",0
18865,CHER HUMILIATES Democrats Over Childish Neil Gorsuch “Tantrums” In One BRUTAL Tweet,"DEMS,The Merrick Garland SHIP HAS SAILED  Let It Go OR .Do You Want Some   To Go With Your WHINE This Tantrum Wreaks Of Desperation  Cher (@cher) April 4, 2017Don t be fooled by Cher s tweet to Democrats in Congress. She s not planning to switch parties anytime soon. Only 3 days ago, Cher warned her followers that if they don t act now (We re assuming she means acting against the  evil  Donald Trump and the horrible human beings who ve bought into his  Make America Great Again  mantra) it will be the end of America and the end of the world:WATCHING ALL THE PRESIDENTS MEN . ADMINISTRATION  X SMORE TREACHEROUS,FRAUDULENT, DUPLICITOUS,HORRIFYING IF WE DONT ACT, WILL END OF &  Cher (@cher) April 1, 2017 ",0
18866,WHICH IS IT? DID SUSAN RICE Lie to Andrea Mitchell or Judy Woodruff Two Weeks Ago? [Video],"WATCH: Susan Rice insists  I leaked nothing to nobody  https://t.co/kAsbu4VJDN  MSNBC (@MSNBC) April 4, 2017 I know nothing about this. I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today. What she says is a lie but who is surprised by this? We know that Susan Rice lied 5 times on 5 different morning shows the morning after Benghazi. Why wouldn t she try and cover this spying up to protect herself and others including Obama.Susan Rice is also giving conflicting stories on what she did so it might be a good idea for her to lawyer up right now. She claimed ignorance of the unmasking and spying but today she spoke about doing it. Yes, red flags are everywhere on this! The reality and truth is this was more of a political attack to destabilize the Trump presidency and embarrass him:Andrew McCarthy said it best: The national-security adviser is not an investigator. She is a White House staffer. The president s staff is a consumer of intelligence, not a generator or collector of it. If Susan Rice was unmasking Americans, it was not to fulfill an intelligence need based on American interests; it was to fulfill a political desire based on Democratic-party interests. The bottom line is that laws were broken when the names were unmasked Someone s in BIG trouble!",0
18867,FLASHBACK VIDEO Shows Leftist Media Members Praising Use Of “Nuclear Option” To Confirm (LIBERAL) Supreme Court Justices,"With Senate Republicans poised to use the  nuclear option  to confirm Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, will the liberal media hypocritically accuse them of a power grab? In 2013, when then-Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid did basically the same thing, he was cheered on in the studios of MSNBC and CNN.Back then MSNBC s Chris Hayes hailed it as  an affirmative win for democracy,  while his colleague Rachel Maddow blurted  This is a huge freaking deal. This is like 3-inch headlines. This is like people who don t even care about politics really ought to care about this. Over on CNN, political analyst Paul Begala hailed the nakedly partisan maneuver by Reid as necessary, whining that Republicans had  so abused  the filibuster that Democrats  can t take it anymore.  And Begala s colleague Ron Brownstein approved of Reid s decision as a forward-thinking move:  The idea of requiring a super majority for the president to appoint his nominees just is anachronistic. But the cable network news hosts and analysts weren t the only ones championing the nuclear option. On the pages of the Los Angeles Times, Reid s move was celebrated in a November 22 editorial  Democrats bust the filibuster, and good for them. The Times editorial board crowed:  We welcome this action not because it represents a comeuppance for arrogant Republicans but because filibustering presidential nominees is undemocratic and violates the spirit if not the letter of the Constitution, which says that the president shall appoint judges and other officials  by and with the advice and consent of the Senate    not by and with a supermajority of the Senate.  The Times went on to call it  a victory not just for the Democrats but for good government.  Newsbusters",0
18868,LOL! CNN Host Don Lemon Tells Viewers: “We will not insult your intelligence” By Reporting On Susan Rice Spying Scandal [VIDEO],"The most laughable  news  network in America just proved how unreliable they are when it comes to honestly covering the news. CNN s leftist propagandist host Don Lemon actually told viewers they would not be covering the most important story in the news because fake news publication  The Washington Post  says,  there is no evidence that the Trump team was spied on illegally.  He also claimed the story is nothing more than a  diversion . In other words, we don t want you to believe that this scandal is real so we re not going to report about it Watch:",0
18869,BREAKING NEWS: Susan Rice ADMITS To Unmasking “US Persons” During Interview With MSNBC Media Ally Andrea Mitchell [VIDEO],"During her Tuesday interview with MSNBC s Andrea Mitchell, former National Security Advisor Susan Rice for the first time admitted to unmasking  U.S. persons  included in intelligence reports. There s no equivalence between unmasking and leaking. The effort to ask for the identify of an American citizen is necessary to understand the intelligence report in some circumstances.   Daily CallerBut only less than 2 weeks ago, on March 22nd, Susan Rice told PBS host Judy Woodroof that she knew nothing about the unmasking of people being investigated. Watch the video below, as she pretty much lies through her teeth.",0
18870,HERE’S THE BEST WAY To Silence A Liberal Demanding The Impeachment Of President Trump,"Here s a special public service announcement created to silence the angry,  Impeach Trump  leftists Free of charge.SHARE it with all of your liberal friends From the Left coast of California to the East coast of New York, liberals across America are calling for the impeachment of President Trump. The next time you hear or see someone calling for Trump s impeachment, share this handy little succession guide with them. Nothing will silence a liberal faster than this visual explaining their options:  #Winning",0
18871,BARACK OBAMA’S NSA Susan Rice Ordered Spies To Provide “Detailed Spreadsheets” Of Trump Calls…”That’s A Felony”…Brother Of CBS News President Also Involved [VIDEO],"While Obama hangs out in Tahiti, his NSA director Susan Rice and her deputy director Ben Rhodes, brother of David Rhodes CBS News president, appear to be two of the key figures behind the surveillance of Donald Trump s campaign. What was Hillary s role in this massive scandal? Why is the media not questioning her? Does anyone really believe she had nothing to do with this? Meanwhile, not surprisingly at CBS News you can find the latest headline:The CBS News headline is followed up by two paragraphs citing the Washington Post (one of the  news  publications who sat on the Susan Rice spying story). The story is clearly a distraction from the real news, which is that Susan Rice and the CBS News president s bother were behind the surveillance of Trump s campaign. Apparently, CBS News thinks that an alleged  secret meeting  between a DONOR of President Trump and a  Russian close to Putin  with an  agenda that remains unclear  is somehow supposed to be relevant or important to the American people in the midst of a spying case that makes President Nixon look like an amateur:WASHINGTON   The United Arab Emirates arranged a secret meeting in January between an American businessman supporting then President-elect Trump and a Russian close to President Vladimir Putin as part of an apparent effort to establish a back-channel line of communication between Moscow and the incoming president, The Washington Post reports.Citing U.S., European and Arab officials, the Post said the UAE agreed to broker the meeting in part to explore whether Russia could be persuaded to curtail its relationship with Iran, including in Syria, a Trump administration objective that would be likely to require major concessions to Moscow on U.S. sanctions. The full agenda remains unclear, the newspaper said.Daily Caller   Former President Barack Obama s national security adviser Susan Rice ordered U.S. spy agencies to produce  detailed spreadsheets  of legal phone calls involving Donald Trump and his aides when he was running for president, according to former U.S. Attorney Joseph diGenova. What was produced by the intelligence community at the request of Ms. Rice were detailed spreadsheets of intercepted phone calls with unmasked Trump associates in perfectly legal conversations with individuals,  diGenova told The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group Monday. The overheard conversations involved no illegal activity by anybody of the Trump associates, or anyone they were speaking with,  diGenova said.  In short, the only apparent illegal activity was the unmasking of the people in the calls. Also on Monday, Fox News and Bloomberg News, citing multiple sources reported that Rice had requested the intelligence information that was produced in a highly organized operation. Fox said the unmasked names of Trump aides were given to officials at the National Security Council (NSC), the Department of Defense, James Clapper, President Obama s Director of National Intelligence, and John Brennan, Obama s CIA Director.Joining Rice in the alleged White House operations was her deputy Ben Rhodes, according to Fox.Critics of the atmosphere prevailing throughout the Obama administration s last year in office point to former Obama Deputy Defense Secretary Evelyn Farkas who admitted in a March 2 television interview on MSNBC that she  was urging my former colleagues,  to  get as much information as you can, get as much intelligence as you can, before President Obama leaves the administration. Farkas sought to walk back her comments in the weeks following:  I didn t give anybody anything except advice. Col. (Ret.) James Waurishuk, an NSC veteran and former deputy director for intelligence at the U.S. Central Command, told TheDCNF that many hands had to be involved throughout the Obama administration to launch such a political spying program. The lawyers and counsel at the NSA surely would be talking to the lawyers and members of counsel at CIA, or at the National Security Council or at the Director of National Intelligence or at the FBI,  he said.  It s unbelievable of the level and degree of the administration to look for information on Donald Trump and his associates, his campaign team and his transition team. This is really, really serious stuff. Michael Doran, former NSC senior director, told TheDCNF Monday that  somebody blew a hole in the wall between national security secrets and partisan politics.  This  was a stream of information that was supposed to be hermetically sealed from politics and the Obama administration found a way to blow a hole in that wall. That s a felony,  he told TheDCNF.  And you can get 10 years for that. It is a tremendous abuse of the system. We re not supposed to be monitoring American citizens. Bigger than the crime, is the breach of public trust. We re looking at a potential constitutional crisis from the standpoint that we used an extremely strong capability that s supposed to be used to safeguard and protect the country,  he said.  And we used it for political purposes by a sitting President. That takes on a new precedent. For entire story: Daily Caller ",0
18872,WATCH SUSAN RICE Lie About Spying On Trump: “I know nothing about this”…White House Computer Logs Say She’s Lying! [Video],"Intelligence sources said the logs discovered by National Security Council staff suggested Rice s interest in the NSA materials, some of which included unmasked Americans  identities, appeared to begin last July around the time Trump secured the GOP nomination and accelerated after Trump s election in November launched a transition that continued through January.The intelligence reports included some intercepts of Americans talking to foreigners and many more involving foreign leaders talking about the future president, his campaign associates or his transition, the sources said. Most if not all had nothing to do with the Russian election interference scandal, the sources said, speaking only on condition of anonymity given the sensitive nature of the materials.SUSAN RICE CLAIMS TO NOT HAVE A CLUE OF THE SPYING:  I know nothing about this    The question from Judy Woodruff is at the beginning of the video. The entire interview is interesting because of what we know now.Read more: Circa News",0
18873,NY Teacher Gives Assignment To High School Kids: Come Up With Argument In Favor Of Mass Killings Of Jews,"A pair of high school students who take classes at SUNY Oswego via a specialized program are upset at an assignment their  Principles of Literary Representation  class received: Defend Hitler s Final Solution.CiTi/BOCES New Vision program teacher Michael DeNobile handed out a  Top Secret memorandum  to the class  addressed to senior Nazi party members.  It asked students  to put themselves in the shoes of Adolf Hitler s top aides,  according to a report at Syracuse.com.Students Archer Shurtliff and Jordan April, who ended up on opposite sides of the, er,  debate  wondered: Does DeNobile really want students to argue in favor of  the Nazis  justification for genocide? Although the lesson does tell students it is  not for you to be sympathetic to the Nazi point of view,  and is just  an exercise on expanding your point of view,  Shurtliff and April allege it created a rather intolerant atmosphere.One student did a Nazi salute in class, they say, and another said he wished he d been assigned the pro-Holocaust side  because Heil Hitler, duh. From the story:The students brought their concerns over the assignment to DeNobile, administrators in the New Vision program and educators at their home schools.The classroom assignment took them on a mission: To make sure no other student would be asked to argue in favor of killing Jews again.They carefully documented each meeting and conversation with their teachers. They researched other cases, including one in which a teacher was disciplined.They came up with dozens of alternate assignments and materials that didn t force kids to argue on behalf of mass killings. They contacted the Anti-Defamation League, which advocates for Jews.Within a few days, an alternative assignment was offered. Jordan wrote about America s AIDS crisis and response. Archer wrote about the internment of Japanese-Americans and compensation paid to survivors.The students said they weren t satisfied with the administration s response.They are calling for an apology, for the program to retract the assignment completely, and agree to never give it again.Despite the alternative assignment offered, many chose to stick with the original.Archer and Jordan say DeNobile and administrators defended the assignment, claiming they were told  the essay was a lesson in having to do things you don t like, and in seeing the other side of an argument. But Shurtliff shoots down this rationalization rather easily:  It s settled opinion. You can t say that Jews deserve to die. It should be a settled thing. In a letter to New Vision officials, Anti-Defamation League Education Director Beth Martinez wroteThere is no assignment that could ever be given to students that even hints at their [sic] being  two sides  to the  Final Solution /Holocaust that would be pedagogically or morally sound, and we are very disturbed that students are reportedly being asked to be a part of this.Indeed, the assignment says the objective is for students to go  outside [their] comfort zone  and to train their brains  to logistically find the evidence necessary to prove a point. High schoolers   vouching for the annihilation of an entire people is   merely going  outside their comfort zone ? Lovely.For entire story: College Fix",0
18874,WATCH: HILARIOUS Video Proves CNN Doesn’t Even Bother To Verify Identity Of “Expert” Guests…Interviews FAKE Police Chief,"Watch these hilarious examples of CNN having reckless disregard for facts when they interview a fake police chief, a fake mayor of a major city, and a fake eye witness to a breaking story! Media analyst Mark Dice has the story.Captain Janks, a 50 year old truck driver from Philadelphia has been able to get live on the air countless times on CNN posing as different people. Through his prank calls, he s attempting to demonstrate how most major news outlets are not really news but instead, they are simply entertainment. Jank s is a big fan of the Howard Stern show, so we will warn you now, that there will be some rough language in these clipsWatch:",0
18875,THE BENGHAZI LIARS Are Back: Susan Rice And Adam Schiff Are Once Again Caught In Another Huge Scandal…Only This Time Their Target Is President Trump [VIDEO],"White House lawyers last month learned that the former national security adviser Susan Rice requested the identities of U.S. persons in raw intelligence reports on dozens of occasions that connect to the Donald Trump transition and campaign, according to U.S. officials familiar with the matter.The pattern of Rice s requests was discovered in a National Security Council review of the government s policy on  unmasking  the identities of individuals in the U.S. who are not targets of electronic eavesdropping, but whose communications are collected incidentally. Normally those names are redacted from summaries of monitored conversations and appear in reports as something like  U.S. Person One. Most of us remember Susan Rice for going on a media lying blitz on behalf of Hillary and President Barack Obama, where she told millions of viewers on several networks that the Benghazi attack was a spontaneous event caused by a video. We all know now this was a lie and that a  video  did not cause the attack on our American consulate in Benghazi. Here is a compilation of Susan Rice lying to the media about the reason for the Benghazi attack:The National Security Council s senior director for intelligence, Ezra Cohen-Watnick, was conducting the review, according to two U.S. officials who spoke with Bloomberg View on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss it publicly. In February Cohen-Watnick discovered Rice s multiple requests to unmask U.S. persons in intelligence reports that related to Trump transition activities. He brought this to the attention of the White House General Counsel s office, who reviewed more of Rice s requests and instructed him to end his own research into the unmasking policy.The intelligence reports were summaries of monitored conversations   primarily between foreign officials discussing the Trump transition, but also in some cases direct contact between members of the Trump team and monitored foreign officials. One U.S. official familiar with the reports said they contained valuable political information on the Trump transition such as whom the Trump team was meeting, the views of Trump associates on foreign policy matters and plans for the incoming administration.Rice did not respond to an email seeking comment on Monday morning. Her role in requesting the identities of Trump transition officials adds an important element to the dueling investigations surrounding the Trump White House since the president s inauguration.Both the House and Senate intelligence committees are probing any ties between Trump associates and a Russian influence operation against Hillary Clinton during the election. The chairman of the House intelligence committee, Representative Devin Nunes, is also investigating how the Obama White House kept tabs on the Trump transition after the election through unmasking the names of Trump associates incidentally collected in government eavesdropping of foreign officials.Rice herself has not spoken directly on the issue of unmasking. Last month when she was asked on the  PBS NewsHour  about reports that Trump transition officials, including Trump himself, were swept up in incidental intelligence collection, Rice said:  I know nothing about this,  adding,  I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that account today.   BloombergWatch Rice in PBS NewsHour interview here:It appears the political left are having trouble embedding a false narrative or else they wouldn t need to expend so much energy attempting to deceive their audience.Represenative Adam Schiff is the vice-chair of the House Intelligence Committee and as a consequence of his position he is a member of the Intelligence Oversight Gang of Eight.  Adam Schiff can go and look at any information Chairman Devin Nunes has already reviewed.   Adam Schiff does not want to see the intelligence because he would be unable to keep lying about it.   Devin Nunes cannot share the Go8 level intelligence with the full committee because the committee is not authorized to see it; only Adam Schiff can.In order for Schiff to maintain his public protestations, entirely based on politics, he must mislead about the rules and laws surrounding the intelligence product. Schiff must also keep the committee from seeing the full executive intelligence report that is concerning to Devin Nunes. -Conservative TreehouseWatch Schiff caught lying in side-by-side interviews that took place only 3 days apart from each other:Side-by-side clips showing Adam Schiff is lying. Watch. -VJ#SusanRice pic.twitter.com/Qz4rR0TvH9  RealVinnieJames (@RealVinnieJames) April 3, 2017Schiff has had no problem in himself acting as a surrogate for Team Obama or Team Hillary. That deafening silence you hear is the outrage he has expressed over the leaking of classified information to the press designed to fatally wound the Trump transition. Schiff had no problem repeating claims without evidence that Team Trump was colluding with the Russians. Now he is troubled by Nunes citing reports proving President Trump was right about his team being monitored.Schiff and his brethren insist that this still doesn t prove Trump s claim that Obama ordered the surveillance. This is a distinction without a difference. It was Obama who ordered a review of alleged Russian hacking of our elections, demanding that he receive it before he left office. It was President Obama who expanded the power of the National Security Agency to share monitored communications with the 16 other intelligence agencies before applying privacy protections. Obama made the leaking of communications he arguably knew were being monitored easier and more likely. President Obama wanted to damage the incoming Trump administration.Schiff should be shouting from the rooftops demanding the intelligence leakers be found and incarcerated and that the names of those who approved he  unmasking  of the names of American citizens caught up in the  incidental  collection of the conversations with foreign nationals be revealed. Names of such Americans are supposed to be masked by default, unless unmasking is approved for some reason. As the Weekly Standard reported:Nunes told reporters Wednesday that Trump transition members  communications were repeatedly intercepted during legal surveillance on a foreign target, otherwise known as incidental collection. These communications were then disseminated in intelligence reports, despite having  little or no apparent foreign intelligence value.  A number of Trump transition members  names were also revealed through a process known as  unmasking,  he said .April Doss, a former NSA lawyer who spent over a decade at the agency, told THE WEEKLY STANDARD earlier in March that intelligence officials are required to follow strict procedures governing foreign intelligence collection. These procedures protect the identity of U.S. persons. If the communication appears likely to be worth reporting on   there s a reason why other people in government need to see an intelligence report that says,  here s what our foreign target was doing  they ll write the report in a way that focuses only on the foreign target and that doesn t name the U.S. person, that literally inserts something like  U.S. person number one,'  Doss said.Schiff was the individual who called the heroes who fought off terrorists from the roof of the CIA annex in Benghazi liars for their account of the Obama/Clinton administration s denying security improvements, ignoring warnings of the attack, and the issuance of a stand-down order for any rescue, an order they ignored. As Investor s Business Daily recounted in 2014:The California Democrat who suggested that his party boycott the Benghazi Select Committee as a waste of time now accuses those who fought on the CIA annex roof of lying  to promote a new book. Schiff, who was not in Benghazi that night, says Paronto, Geist and Tiegen are making up a tale to sell their book, as if their story is less plausible than the proven lie that the Benghazi attack was caused by an inflammatory YouTube video, a myth promoted both by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and President Obama.After seeing clips of Schiff saying the contractors were trying to sell their book and Smith claiming a stand-down order  was never given,  Geist said he  would like to invite Mr. Schiff to a debate  we can talk about it.  He wondered if Schiff wished to  say that to my face. Schiff thought the Benghazi heroes were making it up and now he thinks Nunes and Team Trump are making up the fact that they were caught up in Obama administration monitoring of conversations in which they were involved or mentioned. Schif was not being honest then or now. It is he who is not telling the truth.  American ThinkerMegyn Kelly also DESTROYED Adam Schiff and his LIES about Benghazi. Watch here:",0
18876,MARINE VETERAN’S American Flag Set On Fire…In His Own Driveway [Video],"A former Marine and his wife woke up one morning to find the burned remains of an American flag that once flew outside their Arizona home.Brian Ellison was pulling out of the driveway to go to work Wednesday morning when he noticed the charred shreds of red, white and blue. When I looked down, it was the American flag that we fly on the front of our house,  Ellison told KTVK-TV.  It had been burned. It had caught fire. And then I looked at the flagpole and all of the flag had burned off of the pole. The family has no idea who would have done such a thing. This was not right,  said Ellison s wife, Lisa.  It s personal. Somebody may think it s their right to burn the flag, but it doesn t make it right,  said Ellison.Police are investigating the crime.Meantime, the Ellisons promptly hung their spare flag. I want everyone in Ahwatukee to get their own flag and all of us stand proud and say this is not going to happen anymore,  said Lisa Ellison. KMOV.comVia: kmov",0
18877,THE OBAMA LEGACY: Worst Economic Growth Of All 13 Post-WWII Presidents [VIDEO]," Last week the Commerce Department released its third revision for fourth-quarter 2016 gross domestic product. The number came in at a paltry 2.1 percent, meaning that growth during President Obama s final year in office   the end of an  Error of Hope    landed with a big thud at just 1.6 percent.That low-water mark puts the Obama presidency in last place among all the post-World War II presidents when it comes to economic growth.There have been 13 post-WWII presidents, beginning with Harry Truman, who had the disadvantage of beginning in the aftermath of war in 1946, during which the economy contracted 11.6 percent   four times the contraction any other negative year since   and even he bested Obama s economic record!Truman, a moderate Democrat, also posted the two best years of growth on record: 1950 at 8.7 percent and 1951 at 8 percent, and there was no zero percent interest rate to gin up the economy back then.Thirteenth of 13 presidents is no mild distinction. Obama had eight full years to enact a growth policy, while many of his predecessors never had two complete terms. George H.W. Bush and Jimmy Carter had just four years each, Gerald Ford had less than three years and Richard Nixon had five.I m not the least bit surprised the Obama economy was a failure. I ve chronicled it for more than seven years in this column.Here are the average growth rates for each president:Johnson (1964-68), 5.3 percent Kennedy (1961-63), 4.3 percent Clinton (1993-2000), 3.9 percent Reagan (1981-88), 3.5 percent Carter (1977-80), 3.3 percent Eisenhower (1953-60), 3 percent Nixon (1969-74), 2.8 percent Ford (1975-76), 2.6 percent G.H.W. Bush (1989-92), 2.3 percent G.W. Bush (2001-08), 2.1 percent Truman (1946-52), 1.7 percent Obama (2009-16), 1.6 percentVia: NYP",0
18878,NOT SO “Funny Guys” Carl Reiner And “Meathead” Son “Feel Sorry For Obama” After “Racist” Americans Elected President Trump [VIDEO],"As father and son comedy writers and liberal activists Carl Reiner and Rob Reiner appeared as guests on Friday s Tavis Smiley Show on PBS, the two lamented that former President Barack Obama   whom Carl called  the smartest President we ve had since way back    was replaced by President Donald Trump   whom Rob derided as  clearly mentally unstable. A bit later, Rob Reiner blamed  racism  that was  unleashed  after Obama s election for the Republican-controlled Senate blocking him from appointing Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court, as he seemed to tie in birtherism and declared that  all of that is about delegitimizing an African-American person and everything that s followed from that. Carl fretted:  He s working very hard now to take away everything from poor people so that rich people can get a tax break. Smiley, who last week likened possible ObamaCare repeal to a  drive-by  shooting, agreed,  Oh, yeah. And to go from having the smartest President we ve had since way back, to this guy, is like, it s crazy. It s nuts. I mean, I feel so sorry for Obama. I can t believe how he must feel today.  MRCTV",0
18879,TOUGH TEXAS MAYOR Who Fought Back Against Implementation Of Sharia Law In Her City Will Join Trump Team [VIDEO],"When a group of imams tried to bring a form of  Shariah light  to Texas, they met an unlikely foe   Irving Mayor Beth Van Duyne.Van Duyne was thrust into the national media spotlight, and her city was being called  ground zero  in the battle to prevent Islamic law from gaining a foothold, no matter how small, in the U.S. legal system.The media frenzy was touched off by reports that an Islamic tribunal was being set up in the Dallas, Texas, area. A group of imams from surrounding mosques would sit on what they call a  mediation panel,  as defacto judges, and mediate disputes between Muslims who voluntarily submit to its edicts. They denied this was a Shariah court, saying the panel would mete out nonbinding decisions in business disputes, divorces and other family matters  in full accordance with the law. She worked with state legislators to craft a bill that would declare it illegal for any U.S. court to adopt any foreign legal system for the basis of its rulings. Islam was not mentioned in the bill, nor was any religion.The Irving City Council voted 5-4 to endorse the bill before a packed room full of mostly angry Muslims.  WNDWatch: Irving Mayor Van Duyne also made news when she took on  clock boy  and his family.The mayor said the records would  help to describe why it progressed as it did. Nobody is going to walk in and say,  Oh you re a 14-year old child, you re totally cooperating, we have all the answers we need, let s arrest you,  Van Duyne said, adding she had information that Mohamed was being  passive aggressive  and  non-responsive  when police questioned him.Van Duyne also noted that the family seemed more interested in seeking press than resolving the issue.Irving Mayor Beth Van Duyne will be joining the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to work under Secretary Ben Carson, a source with direct knowledge of the situation confirmed to The Daily Caller.Van Duyne announced at a luncheon Thursday that she would be joining the Trump administration, but declined to say which department she will be joining, CBS DFW reported. She is expected to make an official announcement sometime next week after completing the necessary paperwork.  Daily Caller ",0
18880,BREAKING: A Third Democrat Senator To Vote For Supreme Court Nominee Neil Gorsuch,"Assuming all Republicans support Gorsuch, the nominee would need the votes of five more Democrats to achieve the 60 votes needed to avoid a filibuster. If the number does not hit 60, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has indicated he will invoke the  nuclear option  to end filibusters of Supreme Court nominees and require only a majority vote for confirmation.Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., and Joe Minchin, D-W.Va., announced Thursday they would vote to confirm Gorsuch to the Supreme Court: Senators have a constitutional obligation to advice and consent on a nominee to fill this Supreme Court vacancy and, simply put, we have a responsibility to do our jobs as elected officials,  Manchin said in a statement Thursday.  I will vote to confirm him to be the ninth justice on the Supreme Court. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csE04bREOAEHeitcamp of North Dakota also pledged her vote for Gorsuch and released a statement to confirm:  After doing my due diligence by meeting with Judge Gorsuch and reviewing his record and testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, I ve decided to vote in favor of his confirmation. He has a record as a balanced, meticulous, and well-respected jurist who understands the rule of law, . ",0
18881,PROFESSOR Gives Instruction For What’s Acceptable After Mass Migration And Conquering Of A Nation [Video],"FEMALE MUSLIM PROFESSOR SAYS RAPE IS AN ACCEPTABLE FORM OF HUMILIATION: The female prisoners of wars are  those whom you own.  In order to humiliate them, they become the property of the army commander, or of a Muslim, and he can have sex with them just like he has sex with his wives. MUSLIM IMAM BLAMES THE VICTIM: Warning women against  adding fuel to the fire , the Imam of a Salafist Cologne mosque has said the victims of the New Year s Eve attacks in that city were themselves responsible for their sex assault, by dressing inappropriately and wearing perfume.Speaking to major Russian channel REN TV, Imam Sami Abu-Yusuf s remarks came during a 12 minute segment bringing Russians up to date with the latest developments in the migrant invasion of Europe. Sandwiched between eyewitness-footage of migrant rampages in Cologne, women being sexually assaulted by apparently Arab gangs, and a segment on a surge of interest in self defence courses in Germany the Imam told the interviewer:  we need to react properly, and not to add fuel to the fire .Explaining in the view of Salafist Islam why hundreds of women found themselves groped, sexually assaulted and in some cases raped by gangs of migrant men in cities across Germany the Imam said:  the events of New Year s Eve were the girls own fault, because they were half naked and wearing perfume. It is not surprising the men wanted to attack them. [Dressing like that] is like adding fuel to the fire .The tone of the report was telling, expressing no surprise that Muslim mass migration would result in violence and gang-rape. The narrator of the report told viewers that after the events of New Year s Eve it was becoming difficult to tell who s country Germany was, one belonging to Muslims or to Germans. Also expressed was the opinion that the sex attacks were no more than a dress rehearsal for something much bigger to come. READ MORE: BREITBARTSHARIA BLAMES THE FEMALE VICTIM:",0
18882,SHOCKER: Public School Turns Computer Lab Into Mosque…Bars Non-Muslim Students [Video], ,0
18883,CAMPUS CRAZINESS: Student’s Grade Goes Down For Using The Word “Mankind” [Video],"A battle for  mankind  is taking place inside a Northern Arizona University classroom. An English major at NAU contacted an educational watchdog this week after she was penalized for refusing to use a gender-neutral term in lieu of  mankind.  A follow-up email by Dr. Anne Scott said that anyone who does not abide by the  letter or spirit  of the class must be docked for their decision. Included with class rules were several examples of what was and wasn t OK to use,  student Cailin Jefferstold Campus Reform Tuesday.  In one of these examples she stated that we could not use the word  mankind.  Instead, we should use  humankind.  I thought this was absurd, and I wasn t sure if she was serious.  Dr. Scott took one point out of 50 off Ms. Jeffers  paper and noted that the Modern Language Association is working to have gender-neutral guidelines adopted on a national level. I will respect your choice to leave your diction choices  as is  and to make whatever political and linguistic statement you want to make by doing so,  the professor wrote.  By the same token, I will still need to subtract a point because your choice will not be made in the letter or spirit of this particular class, which is all about having you and other students looking beneath your assumptions and understanding that  mankind  does not mean  all people  to all people. It positively does not. An email was sent to the entire class shortly afterward, which stated the  crucial  need to recognize that  our word choices mean a great deal and have consequences in terms of what we reveal about our assumptions about ourselves and others, and the world generally. Via: WT",0
18884,"FIRED! #NeverTrumper, Close Friend Of Reince Preibus, White House Deputy-Chief-Of-Staff Katie Walsh OUTED As Leaker","Many people were wondering why the White House was holding back on calling out the congressional intelligence oversight gang-of-eight regarding their political unwillingness to review the same executive intelligence previously reviewed by House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes.Today, you just got the answer.White House Deputy Chief-of-Staff Katie Walsh was fired today immediately following a New York Times report which outed two National Security Council members as the source for Devin Nunes  tip  to review a specific batch of President Obama s executive intelligence. The transparent sequence of events reveals that Walsh was the source of NYT reporter Maggie Haberman s article; (Walsh and Haberman are  friends ).Breitbart   Walsh is a  close ally of chief of staff Reince Priebus,  having served as his chief of staff at the Republican National Committee.Walsh previously told Breitbart News in an exclusive interview ahead of President Trump s exclusive interview with Breitbart News in the Oval Office that she was in charge of the president s schedule, and coordinating the activities of Trump s unusual circuit of senior aides like Priebus, chief strategist and former Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon, and Trump son-in-law and senior adviser to the president Jared Kushner.Walsh said in the exclusive interview with Breitbart News last month:As you know, we ve got a lot of senior folks in the White House who have a great ability to help push the president s agenda and message and that s Reince Priebus, Steve Bannon, Jared Kushner, KellyAnne Conway, and others, but there is a logistical piece of that that has to get implemented and so I try and help with that. So I try and do what I can to make sure the right hand is talking to the left hand and everyone knows what everyone is doing, and there is a cohesive operation or effort to make sure, whatever we re doing, that nothing happens in a silo if you will. So even if Reince is with the president working on something, and Jared is working on an issue related to trade, and Steve is working on an issue related to immigration or something, we try and make sure everyone is still on the same page and working together and moving together as fast as we can.But rumors surfaced online that Walsh was leaking information about the White House. Everyone knows not to talk to her in the White House unless you want to see it in the press,  Got News editor Charles Johnson quoted a  source close to the president  as saying in February.  The only question is whether or not she s doing it at the behest of [White House Chief of Staff] Reince Priebus or if she s doing it to advance herself in DC media circles. And with the White House Leaker now identified and fired, the White House challenges the congressional intelligence committee leaders, four members of the oversight  gang-of-eight,  to come and review the Obama intelligence report. That review request paints Intel Committee Ranking Member Adam Schiff, and Senate Intelligence Committee Vice-Chair Senator Mark Warner into a corner.President Trump is now challenging the House and Senate intel committee heads to review the evidence of President Obama s surveillance. How can they refuse to see the truth without exposing their political agenda?Well played, Team Trump, well played.Here s the play   FIRST THE LEAKER:White House deputy chief of staff Katie Walsh, a top aide to President Donald Trump, is leaving his administration to work for an outside group supporting the president s agenda, three Republicans close to Trump said. [ ] Walsh was a close ally of White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, serving as his chief of staff when Priebus led the Republican National Committee. (link)Katie Walsh was brought on specifically because President Trump s Chief-of-Staff Reince Priebus asked for her. Walsh was a #NeverTrumper during the 2016 primary.[Now fathom the renewed leverage/influence President Trump (and Bannon) carries over Priebus.]  The article written by Maggie Haberman outlined two National Security Council members as the people who facilitated the intelligence information for Devin Nunes to review:[ ] The congressman [Nunes] has refused to identify his sources, saying he needed to protect them so others would feel safe coming to the committee with sensitive information. He disclosed the existence of the intelligence reports on March 22, and in his public comments he has described his sources as whistle-blowers trying to expose wrongdoing at great risk to themselves.Several current American officials identified the White House officials as Ezra Cohen-Watnick, the senior director for intelligence at the National Security Council, and Michael Ellis, a lawyer who works on national security issues at the White House Counsel s Office and formerly worked on the staff of the House Intelligence Committee.A White House spokesperson declined to comment.Mr. Cohen-Watnick is a former Defense Intelligence Agency official who was originally brought to the White House by Michael T. Flynn, the former national security adviser. The officials said that this month, shortly after Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter about being wiretapped on the orders of President Barack Obama, Mr. Cohen-Watnick began reviewing highly classified reports detailing the intercepted communications of foreign officials.Officials said the reports consisted primarily of ambassadors and other foreign officials talking about how they were trying to develop contacts within Mr. Trump s family and inner circle in advance of his inauguration.The officials spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe the intelligence and to avoid angering Mr. Cohen-Watnick and Mr. Ellis. Officials say Mr. Cohen-Watnick has been reviewing the reports from his fourth-floor office in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building, where the National Security Council is based.But the officials  description of the intelligence is in line with Mr. Nunes s own characterization of the material, which he has said was not related to the Russia investigations when he disclosed its existence in a hastily arranged news conference.According to Mr. Nunes, he received a phone call from a source the night before, and then rushed to meet the person on the grounds of the White House. He has explained the choice of location by saying he needed access to a secure place where people with security clearances could legally view classified information, though such facilities can also be found in the Capitol building and at other locations across Washington.The next day, Mr. Nunes gave a news briefing at the Capitol and then returned to the White House to brief President Trump on the information. (link)With Ezra Cohen-Watnick, the senior director for intelligence at the National Security Council, and Michael Ellis, a lawyer who works on national security issues at the White House Counsel s Office, outed as the source of the information for Chairman Nunes   the entire media narrative of  controversy  collapses as a nothingburger.Both Ezra Cohen-Watnick and Michael Ellis are cleared and authorized to act on behalf of the President in such matters. The President s National Security Council has a responsibility to follow intelligence protocols to draw attention to matters of compromise; their notification of Intel Chairman Devin Nunes is following that protocol.  So the administration action follows   With the long-sought White House leaker (Katie Walsh) identified and released, and the controversy of the Nunes leaker a nothingburger, the White House now moves forward with a brilliant request to the Intelligence Oversight Gang-of-Eight to come and review the aforementioned discovery of President Obama surveillance.For entire story: Conservative Treehouse",0
18885,TUCKER CARLSON EMBARRASSES Liberal Professor Who Said He “Wanted To Vomit” After Passenger Gave Up 1st Class Seat To U.S. Soldier [VIDEO],"A Drexel University professor   who said he wanted to  vomit  after he saw an airline passenger give their first-class seat to a U.S. soldier   engaged in a heated debate tonight with Tucker Carlson.Watch: George Ciccariello-Maher argued that it s  irresponsible  to blindly support wars that lead to the deaths of Americans and foreign civilians, so he wanted to  yell about Mosul  when he saw the act of kindness on the plane.Tucker pointed out that Ciccariello-Maher s issue appears to be with U.S. foreign policy-makers, yet he s blaming the soldiers. Why is it bad to give them a first-class seat?  Tucker asked.  Somebody s trying to be nice to guy who s going through all these hardships   and that makes you mad. Why?   FOX Insider",0
18886,MICHAEL FLYNN’S LAWYER Releases Statement Scorching “Highly Politicized Witch Hunt”, ,0
18887,VICE PRESIDENT PENCE BREAKS TIE In Bill Allowing States To Deny Federal Funds For Killing Babies," A society can be judged by how it deals with its most vulnerable: the aged, the infirm, the disabled and the unborn.    Mike PenceVice President Pence cast a tie-breaking Senate vote Thursday to pass legislation that will allow states to withhold federal funds from Planned Parenthood and other health care providers that perform abortions.The measure, which now goes to President Trump for his signature, dismisses an Obama-era rule banning states from denying federal funds to such organizations.Pence s vote was needed to break a 50-50 tie. Republicans Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska broke with their party, voting against the measure.Republicans have said the Obama rule should be overturned to allow states the right to steer funds away from abortion providers, if they choose.Sen. Joni Ernst, R-Iowa, said the measure reverses a rule that  attempted to empower federal bureaucrats in Washington and silence our states. Democrats condemned the measure throughout the day, with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York calling it  another example of the Republican war on women. It would let states treat women as second-class citizens who don t deserve the same access to health care as men,  he said.The House in February had voted 230-188 largely along party lines to reject the rule under the Congressional Review Act, which allows Congress to overturn recently enacted regulations.Via: USA Today",0
18888,TWO NEW JERSEY MOMS Attacked By Community For Exposing Islamic Indoctrination In Middle School…Thomas More Law Center Steps Up To Defend Them [VIDEO],"Two New Jersey mothers appeared on the Tucker Carlson show to explain why they re upset about Islamic propaganda being taught at their sons  Chatam, NJ middle schools, while prohibiting any mention of Christianity.  The Chatam community turned on the two moms immediately after they appeared on Carlson s show. Watch their appearance here:Astonishingly, seventh graders in this public school are taught:  May God help us all find the true faith, Islam. Richard Thompson, President and Chief Counsel of the Thomas More Law Center, commented:  The promotion of Islam is worse than what the mothers presented to Tucker Carlson. After viewing one of the videos which the seventh graders were directed to watch, I can t imagine any objective person saying this is not Islamic indoctrination. Clueless school administrators across our nation are allowing this type of indoctrination to take place and it s up to vigilant parents to stop it. Libby and Nancy should have been praised, not pilloried. Watch the video shown to the 7th grade students here:Libby Hilsenrath and Nancy Gayer, with sons in different classes in the seventh grade, detailed their concerns in person to the Chatham Board of Education at their February 6, 2017 public meeting. Superintendent Michael LaSusa indicated that any change to the curriculum was unlikely, and the next day also refused their request to meet privately with him to discuss their concerns.Students had been shown a subtle propaganda cartoon video, 5 Pillars, which opens with two boys, one of them a Muslim, kicking a soccer ball. The Muslim teaches the non-Muslim the 5 Pillars of Islam. Additionally, a subtitle of bright, multi-colored words of various shapes pronounces a form of the Islamic conversion creed:  There is no god except Allah and Prophet Muhammad is His messenger.  The cartoon ends with a sad non-Muslim boy, who suddenly smiles when the Muslim boy invites him to join him at the mosque for noon-day prayers. Something the teacher can t personally do, but does through the cartoon. Clever!See the 5-minute video here: Clearly, seventh graders had been presented with a sugarcoated, false depiction of Islam. They had not been informed of the kidnappings, beheadings, slave-trading, massacres, and persecution of non-Muslims, nor of the repression of women   all done in the name of Islam and the Koran.Libby Hilsenrath and Nancy Gayer were subjected to personal attacks throughout their campaign to stop Islamic indoctrination at the Chatham Middle School. They were defamed as  bigots  and  Islamophobes ,  hateful ,  ignorant ,  xenophobes ,  intolerant ,  racist ,  closed minded ,  sad and ignorant  in social media, and the list goes on. The attacks significantly intensified after their appearance on the Tucker Carlson Show.Commenting on the community s reaction, Nancy Gayer stated:  It s just not fair that within this unit of study the Chatham school district taught one religion to the exclusion of all others, and for the community to be so unkind and unwelcoming towards us, just for having raised legitimate questions as concerned parents. Libby Hilsenrath added,  One of my fundamental obligations as a parent is to guide the religious and secular education of my children. That s why I will continue the fight against the Islamic indoctrination now taking place at Chatham, regardless of the personal attacks. Libby Hilsenrath and Nancy Gayer asked the board to review the curriculum and requested that either the Islam lessons be removed or that the school spend equal time on the study of Christianity and other religions.Nancy Gayer contrasted the World Cultures and Geography lessons on Islam to her son s previous experience in fourth grade when he was precluded from including a short quote from the Bible,  he who lends to the poor, lends to the Lord.  (Prov 19:17) The quote was a part of his video presentation related to gathering warm clothes for underprivileged children. Nancy said that her son s teacher informed him that the brief Biblical quote  belongs in Sunday school, not in the classroom.  Obviously, based upon the World Cultures and Geography lessons being taught to children within the same school district, this abridgment of religious speech does not apply to Islam.The Thomas More Law Center (TMLC), a national public interest law firm based in Ann Arbor, Michigan, today announced that it is representing two Chatham, New Jersey mothers who are being pilloried by their community.",0
18889,BOMBSHELL: COMEY Wanted To Expose Russian Meddling Months Before Election…OBAMA Regime Barred Him From Telling Public [VIDEO],"FBI director James Comey wanted to go public with information about Russia s interference in the 2016 election as early as last summer but was reportedly barred from doing so by the Obama administration.According to Newsweek sources, Comey presented a draft op-ed to top administration officials during a White House meeting in June or July. He had a draft of it or an outline,  the source said.  He held up a piece of paper in a meeting and said,  I want to go forward, what do people think of this? Former Secretary of State John Kerry, former Attorney General Loretta Lynch and ex national security adviser Susan Rice were among those in the meeting.Comey s idea was rejected because White House officials thought the message would have more impact coming from multiple agencies and not just him. An op-ed doesn t have the same stature, it comes from one person,  the source said.A second source told Newsweek the op-ed, which Comey would have likely sought to publish in the New York Times, contained the same information as the intelligence report made public on January 6 that said Russian President Vladimir Putin tried to influence the presidential election.Comey s op-ed was rejected around the same time he publicly revealed details about the investigation in Hillary Clinton s emails. The FBI director revealed before the House Intelligence Committee last week that the agency is investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 election.He told the Intelligence Committee the Russians were  very noisy  and  unusually loud  in their hacking of US Democratic party computers. It was almost as if they didn t care if we found out,  he added.Watch FBI Director Jame Comey confirm his investigation into alleged Russian interference in our elections: ",0
18890,PUTIN Steals Famous President Bush Quote In Forceful Denial Of Russian Interference In U.S. Elections…Makes Surprising Announcement About Relations With U.S.,"The funny thing is, we all know the  media s  obsession with Russia would never be happening if Hillary won the election. Where were all the rabid Russian conspiracy  journalists  when Hillary was selling them our uranium for favors? We re not fans of Putin, but any dummy can see that the left is clearly using Putin s alleged involvement in our elections as a means to destroy the legitimacy of President Trump s election Russian President Vladimir Putin has denied interfering in the U.S. elections, and he did it by using a famous quote from a U.S. president. Watch my lips, no,  Putin said.The Russian strongman made the claim when asked point-blank whether Russia had interfered and whether any evidence to the contrary would get found.He invoked former President Reagan, although the  Read my lips  quote was actually used by his successor, George H.W. Bush, speaking at a CNBC event on Arctic issues.Putin said claims of Russian interference were  lies  used for  domestic American politics.All those things are fictional, illusory and provocations, lies,  Putin continued. All these are used for domestic American political agendas. The anti-Russian card is played by different political forces inside the United States to trade on that and consolidate their positions inside. Then he delivered a friendly message to U.S. audiences.  We said on numerous occasions and I reiterate that we are confident   And know for sure that opinion polls in the Unites States show that very many people are   friendly towards the Russian Federation and I d like to tell these people that we perceive and regard the United States as a great power with which we want to establish good partnership relations. House Speaker Paul Ryan said Thursday in an interview with CBS News,  We all knew Russia was trying to meddle with our election. And we already know right now they re trying to do it with other countries. Ryan continued:  The world s super power, the American government needs to do everything we possibly can, not only to undercut what they re trying to do but to uncover what they re trying to do and help our allies prevent it from happening.  Putin also said Thursday he is ready to meet with Trump if Finland hosts an Arctic summit. Finland is set to take over the rotating leadership of the Arctic Council.For entire story: Daily Mail ",0
18891,JUDICIAL WATCH Email Release Shows Huma Was Asked To Plan “Healthy” Hillary’s Funeral,"A long-time aide to Hillary Clinton sought to map out her funeral   and Bill Clinton s   in 2010 because  planning is best done when they are still with us,  according to an email released on Wednesday by Judicial Watch.Capricia Marshall, who was chief of protocol for the State Department when Hillary Clinton served as secretary of state, wrote to Huma Abedin, Doug Band and Cheryl Mills on Feb. 23, 2010, saying  everytime someone significant passes, I am flooded with requests  about the Clintons  arrangements. Planning is necessary and best done when they are still with us,  she wrote to top Clinton aide Abedin. As well, Huma, I would make the same suggestion to you   for her it will be a little different   And once affirmed it will be very hard for someone to deny the type of ceremony she wanted   as well I understand that the President can request certain arrangements for her that she/her rep cannot (ie if you want the motorcade to go through DC   stop somewhere),  Marshall wrote in one email.She told the aides she needed to contact the military to prepare for the funerals    as Protocol has a lot to do with planning, notification etc. Judicial Watch, a government watchdog group, released 1,184 pages of emails on Wednesday. NYP",0
18892,OBAMA’S Defense Deputy ACCIDENTALLY ADMITS Obama White House Spied On Candidate Trump During MSNBC Interview…But WAIT…There’s Even MORE To This Story! [VIDEO],"Accidents are bound to happen when Democrats become so comfortable with their allies in the liberal media that they forget they re on TV, as they expose themselves and their crooked administration to a national audience.The Conservative Treehouse does a brilliant job of dissecting the interview between former Obama administration official Evelyn Farkas and MSNBC s Mika Brzezinski. They also offer evidence of a fake disinformation campaign that was spread by the Obama regime about a Trump- Russian connection. [UPDATE to story below]This is stunningly interesting and hopefully will be picked up by MSM and congressional investigators.Sometimes when a person is deep inside an echo-chamber of like-minded ideologues, they might not realize what they re saying is rather revealing to those on the outside. That s the set up for former Obama administration official Evelyn Farkas (Deputy Asst. Secretary of Defense) appearing on MSNBC and admitting first hand knowledge the Obama administration spied on candidate and president-elect Donald Trump s transition team to gather  intelligence  for political use.It would appear Ms. Farkas was so caught up in the discussion, she didn t quite realize the significant admissions she was making about the Obama administration spying on Donald Trump s team and generating classified intelligence for Ms. Farkas (and others) to spread to Capitol Hill politicians. MSNBC s Mika Brzezinski recognized the  oh-snap  admission and tried to play it off,  but by then it was too late.With the help of MSNBC, simultaneous to her admission of first-hand specific knowledge of the administration spying on Mr. Trump, Ms. Evelyn Farkas outs herself as the key source for a New York Times report which discussed President Obama officials leaking classified information to media.Considerable irony jumps to the forefront when you recognize, the New York Times tried to protect Evelyn Farkas as the source of their reporting by stating: More than a half-dozen current and former officials described various aspects of the effort to preserve and distribute the intelligence, and some said they were speaking to draw attention to the material and ensure proper investigation by Congress. All spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were discussing classified information, nearly all of which remains secret.  (link)D oh.Whoopsie.Looks like Devin Nunes and the House Intelligence Committee has a new person to bring in for testimony. A positive development because at this rate the media leakers will out themselves without much need for investigation.I wonder what the criminal penalties are for having access to intelligence and sharing it with Democrat politicians [ The Hill People ].Question #1:Who, specifically, are these  Hill People  you speak of Mrs. Farkas?Watch again. Longer version starts at the 4:50 mark:https://youtu.be/cVGp2FZmVA4  Evelyn Farkas has stated freely on TV that she and a group of associates from the Obama Administration went to congressional staffers who did not have access to these COMINT products and urged them to seek to gain access to them.At some point in the recent past Farkas was de-briefed (cut off) from access to the various kinds of compartmented information she had been given as a requirement of her prior job. When that occurred she signed some papers in which she accepted the responsibility to protect the secrecy of that information. (link)  Evelyn Farkas is also a senior fellow of the Atlantic Council  SEE HERE  the Atlantic Council is funded in part by the US State Department, NATO, the governments of Latvia and Lithuania, the Ukrainian World Congress, and the Ukrainian oligarch Victor Pinchuk. The Atlantic Council has been among the loudest voices calling for a new Cold War with RussiaAnd guess who else is a senior fellow of the Atlantic Council? Dimitri Alperovitch   the founder and CTO of CrowdStrike! Alperovitch is head honcho of the Atlantic Council s  Cyber Statecraft Initiative .  CrowdStrike, aka Dimitri Alperovitch was the organization that initially claimed they had evidence the Russians were connected to the Trump organization. A claim they have subsequently walked back   SEE HERECrowdStrike has retracted statements it used to buttress claims of Russian hacking https://t.co/8AZOvoQl0K  Michael Tracey (@mtracey) March 28, 2017Combine all of these data-points and you discover that Evelyn Farkas was essentially part of a disinformation campaign with Obama insiders spreading a fake DNC constructed story using false information. However, in addition to pushing the false Trump Russian conspiracy narrative, Farkas has knowledge of the outcome of the original pushing of the narrative leading to actual surveillance of the Trump team.This bolsters the information already presented by Devin Nunes that an entirely separate network of surveillance, unrelated to the Russian conspiracy story, was directly targeting the candidacy of Trump and the post-election surveillance of the President Elect Trump-transition team.For entire story: The Conservative Treehouse",0
18893,BEAUTIFUL MELANIA WEARS LBD TO HOST Reception for Senators…Guess Who Was There Wearing A Smirk On His Face? [Video],"Trump commented about it during the reception: Hopefully it ll start being bipartisan. Because everybody really wants the same thing: We want greatness for this country that we love Chuck Schumer was at the event with a smirk on his face Peach of a guy, huh? He was recently spotted at a swanky Upper East side restaurant yelling at patrons he said voted for Trump. He s blocking literally everything Trump is trying to do including the vote on Neil Gorsuch.President Trump said he considers Schumer a friend He might want to rethink that! Read more: Daily Mail",0
18894,5-YEAR OLD SUSPENDED FROM SCHOOL For Playing With ‘Stick Gun’…Said She ‘Posed A Threat’,"The Hoke County School school system defended its policy in a statement and said it would  not tolerate assaults, threats or harassment from any student.The Hoke County School system said Caitlin posed a threat to other students when she made a shooting motion   a violation of school policy, officials said. We know why it s bad,  Miller told WTVD.  We watch the news, but then I have to tell my kid,  you re not allowed to play like that in school because people do bad things to kids your age.' The Hoke County School school system defended its policy in a statement and said it would  not tolerate assaults, threats or harassment from any student.Read more: ABC",0
18895,LOL! DEM Senator Dick Durbin Voted To Confirm Circuit Judge Gorsuch In 2006…Tells CNN Host “He Can’t Remember” How He Voted [VIDEO],"Sen. Dick Durbin (D., Ill.) announced Tuesday that he will join fellow Democrats in filibustering Neil Gorsuch s nomination to the Supreme Court, despite in 2006 supporting Gorsuch to become a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit.Durbin, the Senate s second-ranking Democrat, took to the Senate floor on Tuesday to voice his opposition to Gorsuch s nomination. He did not earn my vote,  Durbin reportedly said.  I ll vote no when his nomination comes before the committee next week. I will vote no on cloture, and I ll oppose his nomination on the Senate on the Senate floor. At least 21 other Senate Democrats have pledged to vote against Gorsuch as Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D., N.Y.) rallies support to filibuster the judge s nomination.Gorsuch, President Donald Trump s nominee to the high court, spent last week going through severals hours of testimony during his confirmation hearings before the Senate Judiciary Committee as they asked him questions about previous rulings and his judicial philosophy.Durbin, a member of the Judiciary Committee, appeared to be impressed by Gorsuch s performance, calling the judge  very gifted  last week.Watch Senator Durbin explain how Democrats are dumbfounded after not being able to pin anything on Judge Gorsuch during his lengthy hearings. Durbin appears to be flabbergasted by the idea that Judge Gorsuch would actually rely on our US Constitution to make decisions as a possible future Supreme Court Justice.Durbin also previously voted to confirm Gorsuch to be a federal Circuit Court judge. The Illinois Democrat appeared on MSNBC s  Morning Joe  last month, when he was asked by co-host Willie Geist whether he supported Gorsuch in 2006. Do I have it right that you voted  aye  on the voice vote in 2006 when Gorsuch was up for the federal appeals court,  Geist asked. Good question, Willie. I just don t remember, to be honest with you,  Durbin responded.  On voice votes, you don t make much of a note of it and it s possible I don t believe there was a lot of controversy surrounding it, but let me tell you he s moving from triple-A ball to the big leagues here. Geist cited the congressional record to point out that Durbin did support Gorsuch. The congressional record shows you did vote in favor it was a unanimous vote, but has something changed in your view of Gorsuch since 2006 when you did vote  aye  for him?  Geist asked No,  Durbin said.Not a single Senate Democrat voiced an objection to Gorsuch in 2006, when then-President George W. Bush nominated him to the Colorado-based 10th Circuit Court of Appeals.For entire story: WFB ",0
18896,YOUNG WOMAN Pleads With President Trump To Keep Talking About Muslim Invaders [VIDEO],"The woman in the video isn t Swedish, but her husband is. She recalls a Sweden that used to be clean, safe and peaceful when she was a teenager. Today she claims that when she walks the streets, all that she sees are,  hijabs, burqas and looting foreign men who stand on corners and  cat call  her, and men who lifestream gang rapes while they throw rocks at cops. Mr. Trump, please keep talking about Sweden. Sweden calls upon our @POTUS for help ! Please share as much as possible! Stop the madness! #mondaymotivation #SwedenSOS pic.twitter.com/QwKddF1Nsb  Oak-Town Unfiltered  (@hrtablaze) March 27, 2017",0
18897,SEAN SPICER CALLS OUT Race Baiting Journalist: “Stop Shaking Your Head Again” [Video], ,0
18898,"MSNBC’s CHRIS MATTHEWS Compares Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner To Saddam Hussein’s Murderous, Rapist Sons…”Couldn’t Have Eye Contact With Them Without Getting Killed” [VIDEO]","To say the leftists in the media are completely unhinged would be an understatement During his latest segment, MSNBC s unhinged Chris Matthews compares Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner, two of President Trump s most trusted confidants, to the murderous, kidnapping, rapist, thug sons of deceased Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein.While discussing Ivanka and Jared Kushner with Politico reporter Annie Karnie, Matthews expresses his concern over the (clearly dangerous and threatening <sarcasm>):  Uday and Qusay working for Saddam Hussein, you couldn t go to restaurant and have eye contact with one of those guys without getting killed. These people are really powerful. Imagine getting into a fight in the office with Jared or Ivanka. They have enormous power and they re always gonna be there. Watch:",0
18899,NEW LOW: NYT’s And CBS Used FAKE NEWS To Smear Wounded Warrior Project…Triple Amputee Vet And Freedom Daily Expose Them,"Freedom Daily   The Wounded Warrior Project (WWP) has been helping injured veterans since its inception in 2003, 2 years after the deadly terror attacks that rocked the nation on 9-11. Since its inception, the organization became the #1 veterans charity in the world. This year, WWP surpassed the 100,000 mark in terms of veterans they provide assistance to. Work the Wounded Warrior Project does has seen billions of dollars go to help severely injured veterans, and that doesn t even include the charity s day to day operations.After being attacked by the New York Times and CBS News last year, Wounded Warrior Project has fallen on hard times, and many severely wounded veterans are no longer receiving assistance. But now the truth has come out. The reports by the Times and CBS that Wounded Warrior Project was misusing funds has been completely debunked. Not only were tens of thousands of wounded veterans harmed by the lies maliciously told about WWP, but two of the founding members were fired by the board of directors, and now they re speaking out.Freedom Daily spoke exclusively to Al Giordano, a Marine vet & co-founder and former Chief Operating Officer of WWP.In 2009, Steve Nardizzi, another co-founder, became CEO of WWP. Both he & Giordano have been credited with building the Wounded Warrior Project into a charity powerhouse for injured veterans. That s when MSM began running fake news about the organization.On Wednesday, January 27, 2016, the New York Times ran a story based on the testimonies of several employees of WWP who were disgruntled over their termination from the charity. The former employees who had been fired had created a private Facebook page with which to communicate with one another. There they plotted to take down Wounded Warrior Project, and the New York Times was more than eager to help.Here is a response that was published by the NYT s to their article:To the Editor:I read with disgust your slanted article on the Wounded Warrior Project. The saddest part is that it endeavors to hurt an organization that does so much to help our wounded soldiers.I have been involved with the Wounded Warrior Project for over 12 years. I have met over 1,000 soldiers and their caregivers whose lives have been positively affected by the organization. Many soldiers have told me they would have committed suicide were it not for the Wounded Warrior Project.Your article zoned in on some disgruntled former employees rather than the roughly 500 staff members who work tirelessly to honor and empower our wounded. You do not reflect the sentiments of the more than 80,000 wounded soldiers we have helped, focusing instead on a few malcontents. For fiscal year 2015, Wounded Warrior reported a 92.9 percent satisfaction rate with the organization s services.PETER HONERKAMPAmagansett, N.Y.Giordano steered us to Professor Doug White, an author, recognized expert on charities, and former Director of the Masters of Science in Fundraising Management program at Columbia University. Professor White became aware of the hit piece done by the New York Times and compiled a 79-page independent report on the matter.White pointed out in his independent report that the Facebook group included Len Stachitis, Executive Vice President of Strategic Giving of WWP. Stachitis was terminated for covering up the theft of donor dollars from his direct reports including Teresa Nichols, Manager of Major gifts, another member of the Facebook group.Dave Philipps, a reporter for the Times, had been contacted by the group of fired WWP employees in June of 2015. Giordano relayed to us that while some former employees spoke glowingly about what WWP had done for them personally, they lied about how the charity was being managed. They had a score to settle. And Philipps ate it up.Nothing good that Philipps was told about WWP made it into his final article for the New York Times.What did Philipps leave out of his hit piece? Employees told him that WWP saved their lives and even their marriages.  Dan Nevins, an Army vet who lost both of his legs in Iraq literally cried about what WWP had done for him. Philipps laughed about it.  WWP had awesome morale and the lowest employee turnover for any charity   half the industry standard.  WWP had been voted the best non-profit to work for 3 years in a row   Philipps said it was worst.  WWP set up a private health care network with $70 million over three years to 4 hospitals for injured veterans to receive free mental health counseling.  WWP set up a Trust Fund with $100 million to take care of veterans whose parents couldn t so they wouldn t have to have the government put them into nursing homes.  Al Giordano and Steve Nardizzi got rave reviews from the WWP Board of Directors for how they did their jobs  Every. Single. Year.  A third party company was even brought in to do the internal polling in order to avoid the possibility of employees feeling  pressured  to rate their bosses in a favorable light.None of these things made it into the New York Times  hit piece on the Wounded Warrior Project. Everything that was perceived to be negative about the charity, even the lies the disgruntled, fired employees told Philipps, made the cut, though. Imagine that.The New York Times cited a report from charity auditor  Charity Navigator  that WWP spent  lavishly  on executives & administration rather than on vets. It turns out, the reporting was completely bogus, and just recently, WWP was afforded a 4-star rating by Charity Navigator, it s top rating, for the fiscal year 2015. Of course, for the New York Times, the story is all that matters, regardless of who is hurt if the story is 100% BS.Professor White explained in his report how the inaccurate reporting came about. His conclusions are damning   for the Fake News New York Times that is. In his report, he states that:The disgusting thing about all of this? Despite being proven wrong, neither the New York Times nor CBS will publish a retraction of their false stories. The Wounded Warrior Project is on schedule to lose $300 million in donor funds since the fake news stories came out. This has devastated WWP and its ability to help more wounded veterans, according to Giordano. Millions of veterans have been affected.Even the uber-liberal Washington Post reported on WWP being cleared of any wrongdoing under Nardizzi & Giordano.Houston Chronicle   After reports they were  spending lavishly  on things like travel, dinners and team building exercises at posh resorts instead of the needs of combat veterans, the Wounded Warrior Project has been given a clean bill of fiscal health from the Better Business Bureau.The BBB s Wise Giving Alliance said this month that the Florida-based Wounded Warrior Project meets their 20 point standard of charity accountability. According to their report, the WWP gets a passing grade for proper finances, governance, effectiveness and funding raising. WWP provided details of expenses and expense areas to demonstrate there was no evidence of lavish spending,  according to the report which found  the organization s spending to be consistent with its programs and mission. One of the issues that drew critical attentionin 2016 was a so-called  All Hands  meeting for WWP s employees at a five-star hotel in Colorado Springs. The audit from the BBB determined that the event cost $1 million and not the $3 million that was reported in the media. That amounted to less than $440 per day for the five-day training for 415 staff members, including hotel, food, travel and conference cost,  according to the report.Fox News  Bill O Reilly covered the news. Watch at 3:48 into the video.https://youtu.be/JHY3G1r3VSQ",0
18900,"YOUNG DANISH COUPLE BEATEN, Woman Punched In Head, After “ETHNIC” Gang Attacked Them For Eating Pork On Pizza","Danish police are looking for a gang who beat up a young couple over a pizza slice with ham. The woman now risks permanent damage to her hearing after being punched in the head.Saturday night a young couple were attacked by up to five people  of other ethnic origin  in Silkeborg, reports BT.The attack took place outside a pizza restaurant in Silkeborg, where a 24-year-old woman and her boyfriend sat while eating a pizza.The perpetrator took one of her pieces of pizza and threw it on the ground, which developed into a scuffle, and soon after the perpetrator got help from a group of friends who ganged up on the couple and attacked them with several punches and kicks.Midtjyllands Avis writes that the young couple were asked if there was pork on their pizza, which they answered yes to. And it was apparently what triggered the brawl. Suddenly a young man of other ethnic origin rushed towards the young woman and hit her in the head, so that she has subsequently lost the hearing on one ear. Right now we do not know whether it is a permanent hearing damage! He then takes a stranglehold on her and shouting that she sure as hell should not eat pork on her pizza,  writes the mother of the young man in a post on Facebook that the newspaper has seen.Mid and West Jutland Police describe the main offender as about 175 cm high, ethnic origin other than Danish, and wearing dark clothing. Police are also looking for four other persons who participated in the attack. So basically they are looking for a Muslim gang.  Speisa ",0
18901,60 Minutes Uses “Fake News” Story To Destroy Credibility Of Popular Conservative Twitter Personality For Suggesting Hillary Had Parkinson’s [VIDEO],"Things got tense Sunday on 60 Minutes as CBS Evening News anchor Scott Pelley squared off with prominent Trump supporter Mike Cernovich.As part of a segment on Fake News, Pelley introduced Cernovich as the founder of a website, Danger & Play, which  has become a magnet for readers with a taste for stories with no basis in fact. Things only got testier from there.Pelley grilled Cernovich over a story he published titled  Hillary Clinton has Parkinson s Disease, Physician Confirms.  Kelley pointed out that Cernovich had not actually spoken to any doctor who had examined the democratic Presidential nominee, and that the campaign denied the allegation.   MediaiteSpeaking of  fake news here s the clip of the 60 Minutes segment CBS s 60 Minutes tweeted.: That story got so much traction, it had to be denied not only by Clinton s doctor, but by the National Parkinson s Foundation. (2/2) pic.twitter.com/SLu19bN6Gr  60 Minutes (@60Minutes) March 27, 2017The only thing CBS showed that could have been construed as negative news for the left would be the studies that showed the",0
18902,"BOOM! SHAREHOLDER Confronts Liberal Starbucks CEO Over Damage To Stock Value After Saying He’ll Hire 10,000 Refugees…Questioned Why Schultz Ignored Obama’s Travel Ban [VIDEO]","Americans who are sick and tired of leftist CEO s using their public positions to attack President Trump and his efforts waged a huge boycott against Starbucks and the Starbucks brand: Kudos to this shareholder for standing up and confronting Schultz over his selfish decision to publicly shame President Trump in his efforts to keep terrorists from entering our country With Starbuck s stock underperforming, its about time someone questioned Starbucks s liberal agenda. Just don t expect the media to care.A conservative think tank, The National Center for Public Policy Research, confronted outgoing controversial Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz. As an owner of Starbucks stock, the group sent its General Counsel Justin Danhof to Starbucks s annual shareholders meeting on March 22. There, he questioned Schultz for his public liberal opinions that may have hurt the company s stock price.In reference to Schultz s Jan. 29 decision that Starbucks would hire 10,000 refugees, Danhof asked Schultz  How much will Starbucks investors have to spend so that the company can properly vet refugees that the federal government admits it can t afford to vet? He also asked Schultz why he condemned President Donald Trump s immigration order but  lacked the courage to speak out against the Obama-Clinton travel ban? Watch:",0
18903,FORMER OBAMA SPOKESLIAR To Join NBC As Paid Fake News Host…We’ve Got A Few Clips Of His Best Lies To The Press [VIDEO],"President Obama s White House press secretary spokes liar Josh Earnest has joined NBC News as a political analyst.NBC announced the addition of Obama s spokesliar to their lineup in a memo form NBC News president Noah Oppenheim and MSNBC president Phil Griffin:We are pleased to announce that Josh Earnest will join NBC News and MSNBC as a Political Analyst. As you may have seen, he made his debut this morning on TODAY and Morning Joe.Josh recently completed a ten-year run with President Obama, most recently serving as White House Press Secretary from 2014-2017.Josh joined the Obama presidential campaign in March 2007 as the Iowa communications director, and went on to serve as deputy communications director during the 2008 general election. Josh has also worked on numerous national, statewide and local campaigns over the course of his twenty years in politics.A native of Kansas City, Josh graduated from Rice University with a degree in political science and policy studies.With his wealth of experience and insight, Josh will be a great addition to our roster of contributors and will be an asset for our two networks as we continue to cover the White House, Congress and politics beyond the Beltway.Please join us in welcoming Josh.Noah and PhilHere s Obama s spokesliar Josh Earnest lying about the time Obama clearly identified ISIS as a  JV team Watch Josh Earnest refer to lies being told by the Obama regime about Iran deal,  cross-talk.  Cross talk? What the heck is  cross-talk?  Isn t that just  cross-talk  for LYING?Here s Josh Earnest lying to reporters, where he states  clearly  that Obama didn t pay ransom to Iran for the release of American hostages. Watch him as he tries to turn the conversation to  right-wingers  in US working with  right wingers  in Iran. Really?  ",0
18904,UNREAL! CBS’S TED KOPPEL Tells Sean Hannity He’s “Bad for America” [Video], ,0
18905,WATCH DINESH D’SOUZA’S GREAT COMEBACK To A Student Who Called Him A “Hack” [Video],"If you want to call me a hack, you should probably be able to point out at least one thing I said that was demonstrably false. pic.twitter.com/3UCo3z2umH  Dinesh D Souza (@DineshDSouza) March 26, 2017",0
18906,THE HORRIBLE END GAME: BERNIE SANDERS Calls for Socialized Medicine aka Single-Payer Healthcare [Video], ,0
18907,EXCLUSIVE: “AMERICA 2021” Hilarious Poem Describes What America Looks Like After 4 Years Of President Trump,"Trump is off and running now, and I m here to confirm,There ll be a lot of changes by the end of his first term. Let s put the turbulence on hold and have a little fun . . . Here s my look at where we ll be in 2021.Trump s been re-elected with another strong campaign, Defeating Oprah Winfrey and her running mate . . . McCain. The wall has been completed and Obamacare is dead. America is great again . . . just like the Donald said.The president would not allow a migrant infestation, So, coastal California has become a separate nation. They opened up their borders and adopted the Quran, Made Ashley Judd their leader . . . and they called it Libastan.With Libastan seceding . . . and the lipstick off the pig, Waters and Pelosi had to find another gig. They both went into acting and received a handsome fee, For starring in the new release of  Dumb and Dumber 3 .NBC and CNN have all but gone away. The day fake news was outlawed . . . they had nothing left to say. They doubled down on Trump and non-existent Russian spies. Now, Chuck Todd is at McDonalds . . . in the drive-up serving fries.And, wacky Rachel Maddow still has all the breaking news, Like the loss of the Titanic . . . and the death of Howard Hughes. Tonight, she has a bombshell scoop that s sure to make her shine . . . . . . Trump got a parking ticket back in 1989.Hillary has settled down with roommate Cheryl Mills. She keeps a secret server in their cell at Bedford Hills. There s little cause to worry on her 20-year  vacation , She had Slick Willy neutered prior to incarceration.Al Gore waits for the ice to melt outside his padded room. An inconvenient outcome for his prophecy of doom. The world no longer buys the hoax that he has tried to sell  em. The only thing that s melting is his unused cerebellum.For years, we ve speculated on the mental health of Schumer. The doctors then announced that in his butt there was a tumor. All the surgeons gathered  round, and despite initial dread, When they looked a little closer, they could see it was his head.Fauxcahontas Warren has been banished by her tribe. She spent her people s wampum, and accepted heap big bribe. They say she spoke with forked tongue, and did some crazy deeds. She traded Massachusetts for a blanket and some beads.The pigment-challenged Dolezal is back to being white. Despite a valiant effort, she proved all her critics right. Three decades in a tanning booth . . . she failed at getting blacker. Everybody knows you don t put chocolate on a cracker.There s lots of stars in Tinseltown no longer on the clock. The earthquake they called Trump created quite an aftershock. Then came a tsunami of depression and despair, The kind of feeling we all get when we see Whoopi s hair.Entertainment s better now that Hollywood is gone. Billy Ray has moved away . . . likewise, his demon spawn. Yes, Miley pledged allegiance to the U.K. s Union Jack But, once the British got a taste . . . they tried to give her back.Rosie still plays Bannon for the skits on SNL. She bears a close resemblance . . . too much time at Taco Bell. She s mean and unappealing, and to use a metaphor . . . She looks like the result of cloning Slash with Michael Moore.Yes, the snowflakes are all melting and their binkies laid to waste. A fortune spent on therapy and loyalties misplaced. Now the country s being run by those that they deplore. There may not be a snowflake left by 2024.This poem (America 2021) is republished here with permission and attribution to author Tony Olson About the Author: Tony Olson is an American journalist, poet and bestselling author. His book SPIN GAME: Exposing Political Lies and Tactics was an Amazon Top Ten Bestseller. Tony also authored the recent poems  Twas The Night Before Inauguration  and  Ode To Liberal Lunacy , both of which went viral. Tony currently lives in Boise, Idaho.",0
18908,TWO PICTURES Perfectly Illustrate The Difference Between Obama’s Lawless America And Trump’s Law-And-Order America,"This picture is representative of the violence Americans witnessed last year after former President Obama made it clear (through his silence) to Americans and to illegal aliens that it was acceptable to violently attack American citizens who held an opposing political view:This picture represents a post-Obama America, when American citizens who support our current law-and-order President have had enough, and are fighting back against violent basement dwellers and paid Soros activists. Is there really anything better than watching an Antifa thug running from a Trump supporter wielding an American flag? Here s the video of what happened after the Antifa thugs after attempting to harm pro-Trump supporters at a rally in Huntington Beach, CA: Violence erupting at Trump rally when pro and anti Trump protestors collide. #MAGAMARCH in Huntington Beach pic.twitter.com/MDxGhX2GoO  Cindy Carcamo (@theCindyCarcamo) March 25, 2017",0
18909,AFGHANISTAN AMBASSADOR Was Delightfully Shocked After Meeting With President Trump: Asked 3 Important Questions Obama Never Did [VIDEO]," Donald Trump wanted to win, where as before, President Obama just didn t want to lose Watch: President @realdonaldTrump wants to Win  President Obama just didn t want to lose!#MAGA #Gutfeld pic.twitter.com/oWBDR9tSOu  gab.ai/VandeMataram (@Vande_Mataram) March 15, 2017",0
18910,DONALD TRUMP JR. WRECKS “Fake Indian” Elizabeth Warren On Twitter…Conservatives Cheer!,"Senator Elizabeth Warren took to Twitter to cheer the failure of the Republicans first attempt at replacing the disastrous Obamacare. She went on to lie to her followers saying she wasn t doing a  touchdown dance  as long as  the GOP is still hell-bent on rigging the system for the rich and powerful. But I'm not doing a touchdown dance today. Not when the GOP is still hell-bent on rigging the system for the rich & powerful.  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) March 24, 2017Twitter user Chet Cannon posted a copy of a story exposing the truth about  poor  Elizabeth Warren who loves to call out the Republicans for supporting the  rich and powerful  (which is a actually pretty good description of Warren and her socialist friend the other whiny, wealthy Senator from Vermont, Bernie Sanders):.@SenWarren ""the rich & powerful"" pic.twitter.com/n9CmeQe9Ar  Chet Cannon (@Chet_Cannon) March 25, 2017Curt Schilling nailed it with his response to her tweet: You are everything wrong with this nation, every single thing. A lying fraudulent system rigging insider. @va_shiva in 18  Curt Schilling (@gehrig38) March 25, 2017Twitter user David Witty asks Warren why she doesn t use O-Care if it s so great?If O-care is so great, why don't you use it? Instead you have diff plan and btw, you are rich and powerful. Stop pretending.  David Witty (@davidwitty) March 25, 2017But it was Donald Trump Jr. who really hit the phony Elizabeth Warren hard with this truth bomb:Ha, you mean like someone who was paid almost $500,000.00 to ""teach"" one class a semester at Harvard? #DoAsISayNotAsIDo https://t.co/8OpNksJQhl  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) March 25, 2017On a more hopeful note, it appears that radical leftist and  fake Indian  Elizabeth Warren may have a serious challenger in her next Senate race: Today, ShivaRatri, when Light overcame Darkness, we launched my campaign for US SENATE against @SenWarren. Defend the American Dream!  Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai (@va_shiva) February 25, 2017V.A. Shiva Ayyadurai, an Indian-American, will take on the only fake Indian in the US Senate, Elizabeth Warren.Shiva announced his candidacy last night at a private event hosted by Mike Cernovich and Jeff Giesea in suburban Maryland.",0
18911,OBAMACARE AND THE FORGOTTEN FAMILY: A Tale Of How The Middle Class Was Royally Scr*wed By Washington [Video],"In light of Republican failure to pass the American Health Care Act, Charles Krauthammer dismissed the idea that Chuck Schumer would try to work with Republicans at all, since the Democrats are moving toward a single-payer system as the country increasingly expects coverage to be an entitlement:Read more: CNN",0
18912,"COP LAUNCHES BIKE AT ANTI-TRUMP TERRORIST In Philadelphia, As Masked Antifa Cowards Wage War On Trump Supporters [VIDEO]","Somebody buy that cop a beer Antifa protesters have allegedly waged war on Trump supporters in Philadelphia this afternoon, prompting police to step in.Popular conservative personality Jack Posobiec appears to be at the scene and is reporting on the clashes via his Twitter page.Images shared by Posobiec show members of Antifa   clad in their trademark black hoodies and face masks   burning American flags and attacking both police and peaceful rallygoers by setting fires and throwing smoke bombs.Here are photos and videos of anti-Trump thugs burning American flags and generally causing chaos in Philadelphia:Right now in Philadelphia, a massive black bloc is shutting down a pro Trump rally pic.twitter.com/QGqRFTbFB7  agitator in chief (@soit_goes) March 25, 2017Philly chanting ""any time, any place, punch a nazi in the face!"" | via @jpegjoshua https://t.co/1CbcjEdQMJ  agitator in chief (@soit_goes) March 25, 2017This video shows the cowardly (masked) Antifa scum attacking innocent Trump supporters:Antifa Running Toward Trump March, Clashing with Philly Police pic.twitter.com/hgHdpFo1CJ  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) March 25, 2017Watch Philadelphia police officer launch his bike at Antifa coward:VIDEO: Philly Police Officer Hits Antifa Rioter With Bicycle pic.twitter.com/j6Rc9l5520  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) March 25, 2017-Milo",0
18913,ANTI-TRUMP ANARCHISTS Attack Pro-Trump Rally Participants…Trump Supporters Fight Back! [Video],"THE HUNTINGTON BEACH, CA RALLY WAS PRETTY BIG WITH LOTS OF AMERICAN FLAGS DISPLAYED AND THEN THE ANTIFA ATTACKERS CAME WEARING ALL BLACK   HERE S WHAT THE RALLY LOOKED LIKE BEFORE THE ANTIFA ARRIVED: Violence In Huntington Beach, CA (@theCindyCarcamo)pic.twitter.com/524Lc0iNvf  Breaking911 (@Breaking911) March 25, 2017THE TRUMP SUPPORTERS HAVE BEEN TAUNTED AND ATTACKED ENOUGH SO THEY RE FIGHTING BACK   HERE S ANOTHER LOOK:Absolute unrest at the #MAGAmarch, anti-Trump protestors defending themselves while being ganged up on by Trump supporters. pic.twitter.com/7c8xu0J7N3  budo (@hectorarzula) March 25, 2017LIVE: Trump Supporters Clash with Antifa in California https://t.co/Zj7WUyJ3ke  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) March 25, 2017WE HAVE A NEW HERO: ",0
18914,LAWYER FOR ILLEGAL ALIEN RAPISTS: “Hysteria” Over Rape of 14-Year Old Caused by Trump [Video], ,0
18915,OUTRAGEOUS! NANCY PELOSI Claims Obamacare Honors “Vision of Our Founders” [Video], ,0
18916,INTEL WHISTLEBLOWER: Trump was likely spied on for some time…too easy for Americans to be spied on [Video], ,0
18917,SHOCKING REPORT: 50% of Babies in 24 States Born via Medicaid…Is Your State on the List?,"New Mexico led all states with 72 percent of the babies born there in 2015 having their births covered by Medicaid.Arkansas ranked second with 67 percent; Louisiana ranked third with 65 percent; and three states Mississippi, Nevada and Wisconsin tied for fourth place with 64 percent of babies born there covered by Medicaid.New Hampshire earned the distinction of having the smallest percentage of babies born on Medicaid. In that state, Medicaid paid for the births of only 27 percent of the babies born in 2015.Virginia and Utah tied for the next to last position, with 31 percent of the babies born on Medicaid.However, according to KFF, some of the nation s most populous states shared the distinction of having 50 percent or more of the babies born there born on Medicaid.",0
18918,KARMA! Did Meryl Streep’s Anti-Trump Rant At Golden Globes Cost Her Dream Role In Hillary Movie?,"Karma It seems to be biting a lot of anti-Trump libs pretty hard in the a*s lately A movie is in the works about Hillary Clinton and her amazing  criminal life, and legendary actress Glenn Close has been chosen to play the former first lady and presidential candidate! Glenn and Meryl [Streep] s names were both mentioned a lot but after Meryl got so political at the Golden Globes, producers thought it might be better to go with Close,  sources said.-RadaronlineStreep was honored with the Cecil B. DeMille Award earlier this year for her lifetime achievements at the Golden Globes. She went on a 6-minute long tirade against Trump just days before he was sworn into office.Not everyone thought Streep s Trump bashing speech was so clever or honest for that matter.Watch:",0
18919,"THIS ISN’T OBAMA’S AMERICA ANYMORE! Women’s March Leader, Convicted Palestinian Terrorist STRIPPED Of U.S. Citizenship…Will Be DEPORTED","Convicted  Palestinian  terrorist and leader of  A Day Without a Woman  march, Rasmea Odeh, 69 is being stripped of her U.S. citizenship and will be deported to Jordan.As an alleged member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP), designated by the U.S. as a terrorist group, Rasmea Odeh was arrested for her alleged involvement in two bombings in the late sixties. Two Israeli university students were killed and nine more were injured.In 1980, Odeh was freed from an Israeli jail as part of a prisoner exchange deal, and a decade later emigrated to the U.S. She recently made headlines again after being charged with immigration fraud for lying about her terrorist background when applying for U.S. citizenship. Ode is being charged with immigration fraud for lying on her visa and citizenship forms about her past terrorist convictions and ties to terrorist groups.   Gateway PunditPalestinian activist Rasmea Odeh will avoid jail but lose US citizenship https://t.co/jXv3QNBwrl pic.twitter.com/H0sC9phJqd  Middle East Eye (@MiddleEastEye) March 24, 2017Rasmea Odeh, 69, will avoid jail time as part of the deal, the Rasmea Defense Committee announced on Thursday. She will plead guilty to Unlawful Procurement of Naturalization, lose her U.S. citizenship, and be forced to leave the country, but will exit the U.S. without having to serve any more time in prison or ICE detention, a victory, considering that the government had earlier fought for a sentence of 5-7 years. An activist with the Arab American Action Network, Odeh was alleged to be a member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP), a designated terror group. She was convicted in Israel in 1970 of taking part in two bombings the year before, one at a supermarket in Jerusalem and another at the British consulate. Two Israeli students were killed in the supermarket bombing. Nine were injured in the two blasts.  Daily Caller",0
18920,SARA CARTER AND JAY SEKULOW With The Latest On Obama Spying On Trump: “I think this goes to the highest levels of the Obama administration” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRLVvYzG46w,0
18921,BREAKING: HOUSE INTEL TO PRODUCE “SMOKING GUN” Showing Obama Administration Spied On Trump Transition Team,"Republican congressional investigators expect a potential  smoking gun  establishing that the Obama administration spied on the Trump transition team, and possibly the president-elect himself, will be produced to the House Intelligence Committee this week, a source told Fox News.Classified intelligence showing incidental collection of Trump team communications, purportedly seen by committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., and described by him in vague terms at a bombshell Wednesday afternoon news conference, came from multiple sources, Capitol Hill sources told Fox News.The intelligence corroborated information about surveillance of the Trump team that was known to Nunes, sources said, even before President Trump accused his predecessor of having wiretapped him in a series of now-infamous tweets posted on March 4. What I ve read bothers me and I think it should bother the president himself, and his team because I think some of it seems to be inappropriate.    INTEL CHAIR DEVIN NUNESRead more: FOX News ",0
18922,FAKE CNN and MSNBC Caught Claiming “LIVE” Guest…But They Aired at the Same Time [Video], ,0
18923,"FOUR-TIME DEPORTED ILLEGAL ALIEN Gang Member Sexually Assaults 2-Yr Old Girl In Front Of 4-Yr Old Brother…Violently Stabs Mother, Another Woman","Nassau County cops busted a Long Island man who was previously deported four times and went on a sick five-hour alcohol-fueled rampage, allegedly sexually abusing a 2-year-old girl and stabbing his girlfriend and a second woman before passing out, officials said.MS-13 gang member Tommy Vladim Alvarado-Ventura, 31, had been deported multiple times since 2006 before the shocking attacks that started late Tuesday, but kept coming back.Alvarado-Ventura began the violent spree by allegedly abusing the toddler sometime after 11:30 p.m. Tuesday in Hempstead   while a 4-year-old boy and another tenant were in the Fulton Ave. apartment.With the 2-year-old crying, Alvarado-Ventura stormed out of the home and went eight blocks to the El Mariachi Lounge.He was there drinking for two hours, when he got into an argument with a 24-year-old woman over a marijuana sale at about 2:20 a.m., officials said.The woman walked out of the bar and Alvarado-Ventura followed her in a rear parking lot, officials said. He punched and kicked her, then pulled a knife and stabbed her repeatedly. The woman suffered a collapsed lung, among other injuries.Alvarado-Ventura staggered back to his home at about 3:15 a.m. and stewed until his girlfriend came home.She spotted the 2-year-old s injuries, described by Nassau cops as severe, and confronted him.As the argument escalated, Alvarado-Ventura pulled the knife and stabbed her over and over.Alvarado-Ventura promptly passed out, which is how police found him after they arrived in response to a 911 call.Cops arrested Alvarado-Ventura and charged him with predatory sexual assault, attempted murder, assault and illegal weapons possession.  NY Daily News",0
18924,SEAN SPICER HITS LAME CNN: “Let’s actually look at what CNN reported.” [Video], ,0
18925,What Neighbor Said About MUSLIM MAN ID’d As London Terrorist Speaks Volumes About The Danger Of “Islamic Non-Assimilation” [VIDEO],"The terrorist who killed three people and injured dozens in Westminster on Wednesday was a married 52-year-old living with his family in an inner city suburb of Birmingham, according to police and a neighbour.Khalid Masood was born in Kent on Christmas Day 1964 and was described by a neighbor in Winson Green on Thursday as  very calm  and part of a  very reserved family . But in fact the man who crashed a rented Hyundai into dozens of people on Westminster Bridge and stabbed PC Keith Palmer to death was a violent convicted criminal with multiple offenses to his name, including assaults, grievous bodily harm, possession of offensive weapons and public order offenses.His first conviction was in November 1983 for criminal damage and his last conviction was in December 2003 for possession of a knife, according to Scotland Yard, who finally named him on Thursday afternoon. They were a nice family   very reserved,  said his neighbour Iwona Romek, a factory worker, who confirmed his identity to the Guardian.  He was very calm. I saw the photos on the TV and knew it was the man who lived here. The attack in Westminster came out of the blue not only for police, who stressed he had never been convicted of any terrorism offenses, but also for some who knew him in Birmingham, where he and his family lived on the modern Quayside estate about a mile from the city centre.However, he was once  investigated in relation to concerns about violent extremism . May described that case as  historic , but Downing Street declined to say whether that was during her time as home secretary between May 2010 and June 2016, repeating May s position that it was  some years ago .Watch Brigette Gabriel explain how  non-assimilation  plays a major role in terror attacks by Muslims:He had lived in Winson Green, Romek said, before moving out, it is believed to a flat above a restaurant on Hagley Road, which was raided on Wednesday night. He regularly wore traditional white Islamic robes, the neighbor said.   The Guardian",0
18926,"COPYCAT MUSLIM TERRORIST ARRESTED With Assault Weapons, Knives Drives Into Busy Shopping Area At High Speed [VIDEO]","Assimilation fail A French Muslim has been arrested after trying to drive a car loaded with liquid gas, assault rifles and knives into a crowd at high speed on a busy shopping street in Antwerp. Belgian police, who confirmed more security personnel had been sent to the area, said the car was being driven at high speed and that pedestrians had to jump out of the way to avoid being injured.In the car, authorities said they found knives, a shotgun and a gas can with an unknown liquid and the case has now been taken over by officers who usually deal with extremist attacks. It comes just hours after three people were killed in London by a terrorist who mowed down pedestrians and cyclists outside the House of Commons before stabbing a policeman to death.Belgian police arrested a man named as Mohamed R, 39, on Thursday after he tried to drive into a crowd at high-speed in a shopping area in the port city of Antwerp at around 11am. The suspect, who has not been confirmed as a Muslim but is named after the religion s prophet and is said to be of North African descent, was wearing camouflage when he was arrested. Belgian security forces found a rifle as well as bladed weapons in a car driven by a Frenchman who tried to ram a crowd on Thursday in the port city of Antwerp. Different arms were found in the boot   bladed weapons, a riot gun (rifle) and a container of liquid that is still unidentified,  the federal prosecutor s office said in a statement.For entire story- Daily Mail ",0
18927,THE CARNAGE AND THE KINDNESS Of Good Samaritans After London Terror Attack [VIDEO],"The London terror attack was a horrific scene with injured bodies strewn everywhere after a vehicle plowed into pedestrians on the Westminster Bridge. While some simply walked by bodies on the street, others got down on their hands and knees to either administer CPR or to just offer encouragement and comfort for the victims until paramedics arrived.A heroic Team GB boxing coach jumped over a fence before fighting in vain to save a police officer killed in the London terror attack, it was revealed today.Tony Davis, who was visiting the Houses of Parliament for a press conference, put PC Keith Palmer in the recovery position and tried to resuscitate him.The coach from Darlington, County Durham, also revealed on TV how he put his raincoat underneath the officer to try to stem the blood as much as he could.Mr Davis was due to be at the Commons with students from the Hammersmith Boxing Academy in West London to launch a community project.And the former Army staff sergeant, who is a coach for the British Lionhearts boxing team, told ITV s This Morning how he reacted to the horrifying attack.Mr Davis, who served 22 years in the military, was leaving the press event with a group of boxers when he saw the attack taking place.He told the program:  We were leaving the exit parallel to where the crash happened, I had my phone out to take footage for social media about the event. All of a sudden I saw a large chap brandishing two knives come through the gates and start attacking the policeman. At that point instinct kicked in, I leaped over the fence because that guy needed assistance. The police were holding their ground and that is when poor Keith got attacked. You start moving back with adrenaline pumping in.PC Palmer was one of at least four people who died in the terrorist attack at Westminster yesterday afternoon, which left 29 others injured.An unnamed attacker mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge, mowing down pedestrians before he stabbed PC Palmer and was shot dead by police.As the maniac ploughed along the bridge in his two-ton Hyundai SUV, frequently mounting the crowded pavement, he mowed down pedestrians like ninepins.Of those who managed to dive out of his path, one woman ended up under a bus and at least two more leapt over the bridge parapet in a desperate bid to escape.Among those struck were three police officers returning from a commendation ceremony. Three French teenagers on a school visit were also targeted.A bloodied man who was injured on Westminster Bridge is comforted by a group of peopleThree were killed and many were left with  catastrophic  injuries amid a scene of horrifying carnage. The killer began his rampage at the south side of the bridge.A man appeared to have either jumped or been thrown from the bridge, and had fallen to concrete steps about 18ft below. He lay motionless with a dark pool of blood around his head and his leg obviously broken.Moving along the bridge, a bald man lay on the white line between the bus lane and main carriageway, clutching his head. One of the most harrowing scenes was the sight of a woman s legs poking out from under the wheel of a London double-decker bus. It appeared she was either struck by the terrorist or may have tried to dodge him, only to run into the path of the No 53.For entire story:Daily Mail",0
18928,ONE HILARIOUS TWEET Perfectly Sums Up How Irrelevant CNN Has Become,"Nunes dropped a bombshell that Obama admin spied on Trump.London attack claimed lives of 5 people. Wounded 40.Meanwhile on CNN: https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/844693397168283648If you thought this was a joke, and that CNN couldn t possibly have aired something so ludicrous as a entire segment dedicated to the  possibility  that President Trump may be  afraid of stairs,  think again Conservative comedian Mark Dice puts CNN s embarrassing  news  story into perspective:",0
18929,BRILLIANT! TUCKER CARLSON and AYAAN HIRSI ALI Discuss Terrorism and Trump’s Travel Order: He’s right about the danger of radical Islam [Video], ,0
18930,"BRITAIN’S ISLAMIC REALIST Tommy Robinson Tears Into Leftist Reporter: “50,000 British Muslims Downloaded A Terrorist Magazine Last Year…These People Are Waging War On Us!” [VIDEO]","Former English Defence League leader Tommy Robinson went to town on a reporter today after he was interrupted in the midst of a Rebel Media interview at the scene of the London terror attack.Robinson was speaking with Rebel Media s Caolan Robertson on the unsurprising nature of the incident in light of the suspected perpetrator s identity being released. This isn t a shock to me,  said Robinson.  I don t understand people who are surprised by this. We have over 3,000 Muslims who are monitored 24 hours a day 7 days a week at a cost of nine billion [pounds] a year. We re following them, waiting for them to do this. As Robinson continued to rant, a crowd apparently formed around him and began filming. Among them was a reporter who quickly took the offense against Robinson. Do you have information that no one else seems to have?  inquired the reporter. I have information that shows there was four terrorist attacks last week in France,  shot back Robinson.  There was 12 planned last year. Driving your car like this man has done is exactly what the  Inspire  magazine, which is Al Qaeda s magazine, which was downloaded by 50,000 British Muslims last year  50,000 British Muslims downloaded a terrorist manual.   Milo",0
18931,WOW! HOUSE INTELLIGENCE Chair CONFIRMS Trump Was Correct…Trump Transition Team WAS Surveilled By Obama [VIDEO],"House Intelligence Committee chairman Rep. Devin Nunes (R., Calif.) confirmed Wednesday that members of President Donald Trump s transition team were surveilled by the Obama administration.Nunes told reporters that the surveillance appeared to be incidental and legal. I recently confirmed that on numerous occasions the intelligence community incidentally collected information about U.S. citizens involved in the Trump transition,  Nunes said.  Details about U.S. persons associated with the incoming administration, details with little or not apparent foreign intelligence value, were widely disseminated in intelligence community reporting. Nunes also said none of the surveillance was related to Russia or the investigation of Russian activities. Nunes added that the committee would continue to investigate the matter.Nunes told House Speaker Paul Ryan (R., Wis.) what he had learned, and said he would be briefing Trump on Wednesday as well.It was not confirmed whether Trump s personal communications were surveilled.  WFB",0
18932,CROOKED HILLARY’S Campaign Manager Won’t Rule Out 2020 Run For President…She’s Focused On Tackling Worldwide Challenges Right Now…LOL!,"Mere months after being on the receiving end of one of the most stunning losses in presidential election history, former Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said there s a chance the former secretary of state could run again in 2020.In an appearance Monday on MSNBC, Mook was asked by host Greta Van Susteren  what are the odds  that Clinton will run for office again. I m going to let her answer for that,  Mook replied.  I think what happens right now, we ve got to get to the bottom of what happened in 2016, then we can start worrying about the next cycle. But we ve got to make sure that this cannot happen again in two years or four years to anybody else. Mook also refused to rule out a Clinton comeback in 2020 when asked Tuesday by veteran news anchor Dan Rather. I have no idea,  Mook said.  You genuinely would have to ask her.    Breitbart",0
18933,Homepage,[vc_row][vc_column width= 1/1 ][td_block_trending_now limit= 5 ][td_block_big_grid sort= featured ][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row] [vc_column width= 2/3 ][td_block_5 limit= 24  custom_title= HOT OFF THE PRESS!  td_filter_default_txt= All  ajax_pagination= load_more  border_top= no_border_top ] [/vc_column][vc_column width= 1/3 ][vc_widget_sidebar sidebar_id= td-default ][/vc_column] [/vc_row][vc_row][vc_column width= 1/1 ][td_block_14 limit= 3  custom_title= EVEN MORE NEWS  td_filter_default_txt= All  ajax_pagination= next_prev  header_color= #288abf ][/vc_column] [/vc_row],0
18934,"“FORMER BLEEDING HEART LIBERAL”: Shocked Parents Speak Out About Rape of 14-Year Old By Obama’s ‘Dreamer’: “This changed my attitude about a lot of things, as a former bleeding heart liberal” [Video]","A 14-year old girl was BRUTALLY raped and sodomized by illegal teens during school The parents at the Rockville, Maryland school held a meeting last night to ask how it is that these 17 and 18-year old teens were allowed to be in school with their children. A FORMER BLEEDING HEART LIBERAL SPEAKS OUT:Here s a woman #CNN won t be interviewing. #RockvilleRape pic.twitter.com/9CHcRrUiIv  Lionel (@LionelMedia) March 22, 2017Grandmother: The bathroom locked from the inside so they took her in there to rape her:Grandmother: The bathroom locked from the inside so they took her in there to rape her pic.twitter.com/oy9h7WaTiT  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) March 22, 2017  The superintendent said we re not going to let this change how we feel about immigrants :""The superintendant said we're not going to let this change how we feel about immigrants"" #RockvilleRape pic.twitter.com/P5Uvjm4Ek8  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) March 22, 2017 Parent:  This is the most horrific thing that s happened in Montgomery County in 60 years Parent:  This is the most horrific thing that s happened in Montgomery County in 60 years  #RockvilleRape pic.twitter.com/A2mS2xqMHn  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) March 22, 2017",0
18935,WHICH ONE OF THESE PEOPLE Tried to Lecture the Other on the Constitution….Guesses? [VIDEO], ,0
18936,IVANKA TRUMP BRAND SUED After Massive Sales Surge…Restraining Order Requested To Prevent Sales In State Of CA,"A class-action lawsuit against the first daughter s company has been filed by San Francisco-based retailer Modern Appealing Clothing. Although Ivanka Trump has distanced herself from her namesake brand, the business can t seem to catch a break. The first daughter s company has been sued by a San Francisco-based retailer over  unfair competition. Modern Appealing Clothing (MAC) has filed a class-action lawsuit against Ivanka Trump Marks LLC, claiming that the defendant has gained unfair advantage  from Donald J. Trump being the President of the United States and from Ivanka Trump and her husband, Jared, working for the President of the Unites States,  according to court documents published by the International Business Times.The suit was filed in the San Francisco Superior Court on Thursday.The lawsuit says President Donald Trump and counselor Kellyanne Conway provided publicity for Ivanka s lines and therefore helped boost its sales. Donald defended his daughter on Twitter, saying that Nordstrom was treating her unfairly when the retailer announced it would be dropping her line due to declining sales. Conway appeared on Fox & Friends in February and told viewers to  go buy Ivanka s stuff. The suit also asked for a restraining order that prevents the Ivanka Trump label from being sold in California. The doc read,  As a result of their unlawful acts, defendants have reaped and continue to reap unfair benefits and illegal profits at the expense of plaintiff MAC and the Class it seeks to represent.   Hollywood Reporter",0
18937,TOM HANKS TO JOIN Hollywood Liberals In Facebook Live Fundraiser For Fight Against Trump Agenda,"Tom Hanks, Tina Fey, Alec Baldwin and Amy Poehler are among the notables set to appear on a telethon to benefit the ACLU that will stream March 31 via Facebook Live. Stand for Rights: A Benefit for the ACLU  is billed as a modern-day telethon to raise funds for the venerable advocacy organization that has been working overtime with legal challenges to aspects of President Trump s political agenda. Our work in the courts is essential right now to hold off the worst of the abuses,  said ACLU executive director Anthony D. Romero.  But it is also the collective will and tireless actions of  we the people  that serve as a bulwark against unconstitutional and wrong-headed policies and executive orders. By supporting our work through this telethon, we can fight even harder to defend the rights guaranteed by our Constitution. Here s a little Facebook promo for the event:More talent is expected to sign on in the coming days.  NYP",0
18938,PROFESSOR Who Called Election Of President Trump An “Act of Terrorism” Is Chosen For “Professor Of The Year” [VIDEO],"Professor Olga Cox, who teaches Human Sexuality at Orange Coast College, told her class in December that the election of Donald Trump was an  act of terrorism.  Despite this, Cox was recently nominated and selected by her fellow faculty members for the  Professor of the Year  award.According to students, it is an Orange Coast College tradition for the recipient of the annual  Professor of the Year  award to be the keynote speaker at the school s graduation ceremony each year. It s an act of terrorism,  Professor Cox said to her class in December regarding President Trump s election.  One of the most frightening things for me, and most people in my life,  she continued,  is that the people committing the assault are among us. It is not some stranger from some other country coming in and attacking our sense of what it means to be an American and the things that we stands for. And that makes it more painful. Here s the video that captures Professor Olga Cox s disgusting remarks:Her comments were videotaped by OCC student Caleb O Neil, who was suspended by the school for allegedly unlawfully recording the indignant professor until the school retracted its punishment in the face of backlash.The selection for the  Professor of the Year  award is made by a committee that consists of faculty, staff, and administrators, and is based on a rubric that takes into account multiple factors including teaching, service to the campus, and community involvement. Despite the nationwide negative attention and condemnation from the community in the wake of these incidents, this committee recommended Professor Cox as their choice to receive  Professor of the Year  and the OCC administration accepted the committee s nomination.Doug Bennett, the Executive Director of College Advancement for OCC, confirmed to Red Alert Politics in an email that Professor Cox had won the nomination for Professor of the Year award but declined to accept it.  A member of the campus community nominated Professor Cox for the award, the committee selected her through the rubric, but the award isn t being made because she has declined,  says Bennett.  Red Alert Politics ",0
18939,BREAKING: ELECTRONICS BANNED on Some U.S. Flights From Middle East…List of 9 Airlines and Airports Affected,"COULD IT BE THAT EXPERT BOMB MAKER Ibrahim al-Asiri is trying to use an electronic device to take down a jet?Ibrahim al-Asiri has a long track record of bombing including trying to blow up a Detroit-bound jet using explosives in underwear. Remember that? The underwear bomber was thankfully caught but these people are constantly trying to discover new ways to terrorize people.Advanced bomb-making techniques, such as those taught by Mr Asiri, have alarmed security services in the past. In July 2014, the US requested enhanced security checks on all direct flights to the US, in response to a  credible threat . Security experts say that the warning was triggered by a fear that some of al-Qaeda s sophisticated bomb-making expertise, such as that pioneered by Mr Asiri, had proliferated out of Yemen to Syria.For more information on al-Asiri: Profile: Al-Qaeda  bomb maker  Ibrahim al-AsiriThe US has announced a ban on electronic devices from cabin baggage on flights from eight mainly Middle Eastern and North African countries.The measure will affect nine airlines operating out of 10 airports.Large electronic devices will only be allowed on board in checked baggage. Phones are exempt from the new rules.US officials said the airlines had been given 96 hours, beginning at 07:00 GMT on Tuesday, to ban devices bigger than a mobile phone or smartphone from cabins. They said the ban had no end date.The airports affected are:Queen Alia International, Amman, Jordan Cairo International Airport, Egypt Ataturk Airport, Istanbul, Turkey King Abdulaziz International, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia King Khalid International, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Kuwait International Airport Mohammed V International, Casablanca, Morocco Hamad International, Doha, Qatar Dubai International, United Arab Emirates Abu Dhabi International, United Arab EmiratesThe nine airlines are:Royal Jordanian Egypt Air Turkish Airlines Saudi Arabian Airlines Kuwait Airways Royal Air Maroc Qatar Airways Emirates Etihad AirwaysHomeland Security Secretary John Kelly called members of Congress over the weekend to explain the security issues behind the ban, congressional aides said.The restrictions had been under consideration for several weeks, US media said.In February 2016 an aircraft operated by the Dubai-based carrier Daallo was damaged by an explosion shortly after take-off from the Somali capital, Mogadishu.Investigators said a passenger who was sucked out of the plane had been carrying a laptop bomb. The pilot managed to land and the alleged bomber was the only fatality. Had the device gone off at cruising altitude, the plane would almost certainly have been destroyed.The Islamist militant group al-Shabab, which is linked to al-Qaeda, claimed that it was responsible. The possibility of further such attacks is apparently what is now concerning American spies .Read more: BBC",0
18940,WATCH: KIM JONG-UN Blows Up US Aircraft Carrier In Newly Released Video,"President @realDonaldTrump:  I inherited a mess. It s a mess.  https://t.co/g2wgwDXuPf pic.twitter.com/fNrOPdAH8a  Fox News (@FoxNews) February 16, 2017Kim Jong-Un released a military propaganda video depicting North Korean troops blowing up a US aircraft carrier. The typically bellicose propaganda film posted on Saturday by state media shows mocked-up footage of North Korean troops joyously destroying American bombers and fighting forces. A female narrator gleefully exclaims over the shrill footage that the United States will perish if it ever thought that an attack on the communist state would result in victory. A knife will be stabbed into the throat of the carrier, while the bomber will fall from the sky after getting hit by a hail of fire  says the narrator according to Yonhap News Agency. The video shows  Foal Eagle  military drills with America and South Korea which have long angered the North Korean government according to Newsweek.Uriminzokkiri, the YouTube page where the video was published, has hosted other controversial clips which depict North Korean troops bombing America.In 2013 it published a video showing a North Korean man dreaming of missiles raining down upon Washington, D.C. and New York.The video comes as Kim threatened to reduce the US  to ashes  with nuclear weapons if American fires  even a single bullet  at North Korea.Pyongyang said it would use its  invincible Hwasong rockets tipped with nuclear warheads  to defend its territory as tensions with South Korea continued to escalate.It comes as Seoul insisted North Korea s latest rocket-engine test showed  meaningful  progress and as an an analyst said the secretive state had taken a dangerous step towards its goal of developing a rocket that could hit the United States.  Daily Mail ",0
18941,"WELL, DUH! Transgender Wins International Women’s Weightlifting Title","Just last month a transgender high school wrestler won wrestling the girls:BRITISH COLUMNIST KATIE HOPKINS Has BRUTAL Reaction To  Trans  H.S. Student Beating Girls In Wrestling Matches [VIDEO]NEW ZEALAND TRANSGENDER WINS WEIGHTLIFTING TITLE:Kiwi weightlifter Laurel Hubbard has dominated her first major competition, taking out the Australian International in Melbourne on a night she made history as the first transgender athlete to represent New Zealand.Hubbard, 39, won the women s over 90kg division at the Melbourne event, setting four unofficial national records in the process. Hubbard lifted a combined total of 268kg   19kg better than silver medallist Iuniarra Sipaia of Samoa.Australia s Kaitlyn Fassina claimed the bronze medal with 223kg.Read more: NZ Herald",0
18942,"DISTURBING: Tomi Lahren Panders To “The View” Hags, Says She’s Always Been “Pro-Choice”…OOPS!…Video Emerges Of Lahren Calling Pro-Choicer’s “Straight Up Baby Killers” Only 3 Months Ago","FORMER CONSERVATIVE darling Tomi Lahren made a big deal about her upcoming appearance on The View. I know, because I set the alarm on my phone to remind me when she would be on their show so I wouldn t miss it. I figured there would certainly be fireworks, and at the very least, a few memorable moments with the marxist loudmouth hosts of The View. I thought if nothing else, it would be entertaining to see her put Joy Behar in her place. People have come to know and love The Blaze s  conservative  firebrand Tomi Lahren for her outspoken commentary on current political and social issues. Until now, most of us have believed that she actually meant what she was telling us. When she finally appeared on The View last Friday, she was mostly dealt softball questions and her answers were clearly more about  getting along  with the angry hosts than the defense of  conservatism. That s okay I could live with that. As disappointed as I was in her wimpy responses to their ridiculous questions, nothing could have prepared me for the moment she decided to step out of her conservative persona and cross-over to the dark side, when host Sonny Hostin asked her about her position on abortion.Lahren:  No, I m pro-choice, and here s why. I am a constitutional, you know, someone that loves the constitution. I am someone who is for limited government. So I can t sit here, and be a hypocrite and say I m for limited government, but I think that the government should I think that the government should decide what a woman can do with their bodies. I can t sit here and say that as a Republican. And I can say, ya know what, I m for limited government, so stay out of my guns and you can stay out of my body as well.   Joy Behar jumped in (panting with excitement):  You need to go out and speak to women about that. Lahren responded:  I do. I do every day. And I get a lot of attacks from conservative women as well. I think it s equal hate from all sides for me. Really Tomi? You argue with women every day about your position on abortion? Maybe you can explain how only 3 months ago, you called people like Lena Dunham who were  pro choice   straight up baby killers!  (Watch 2nd video below)Here is a short clip showing the abortion exchange: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOT3EiKCL-w&feature=youtu.beHere s Lahren calling anyone who is  pro-choice  a  straight up baby killer . Note the Christmas tree in the background. That s because this video is only 3 months old. Wow apparently a lot happens in 3 months! Does she realize how damaging she is to her own narrative? Think about it: the  pro-choicers  are supposed to be about rare and safe abortions. That s how they avoid sounding like straight-up baby killers.Then we have Lena freakin  Dunham out there wishing she could have murdered a fetus. Wishing for the option to kill your child doesn t exactly say much about the cause, her character, or the pro-choice movement.And here I thought the loving Left were all about peace, and love, and light, except when it comes to the unborn, I suppose. Then it s a different story, a story they write and rewrite to fit their narrative. ",0
18943,FAKE NEWS! MAXINE WATERS and JOY REID Make Outrageous Claims Against President Trump “Will make sure poor people aren’t getting too much from government”, ,0
18944,TREY GOWDY Reminds Comey It’s 10 years in jail for Obama Officials Who LEAKED Info [Video], ,0
18945,MEET THE NASTY WOMEN Responsible For Promoting Hate And Intolerance On Nazi-Themed Trump Billboard [VIDEO],"A menacing Donald Trump is gazing down on Phoenix s Grand Avenue.The president is flanked by mushroom clouds and swastikas configured like dollar signs. I think a lot of people are feeling this way and I m just trying to express what I think is on a lot of people s minds these days,  the billboard s artist, Karen Fiorito, said Friday in an interview from her California home. Something that really concerned us was this idea of a dictatorship where things were going in a certain direction. The billboard art was commissioned by the billboard owner, Beatrice Moore, a longtime patron of the arts on Grand Avenue.  Some of these issues are so important you can t not speak out,  Moore said in an interview.The Trump billboard went up Friday at 11th Avenue and Grand, to coincide with the start of the annual three-day Art Detour event in downtown Phoenix. Moore said it would remain up as long as Trump is president.Were Moore s remarks about Hitler what inspired this hateful billboard?This isn t the first time Fiorito and Moore put up controversial billboard art.In 2004, Fiorito created a billboard of President George W. Bush and top government officials for her master of fine arts thesis on political propaganda at Arizona State University. Dear America,  the billboard said,  we lied to you for your own good. Now trust us. Moore and Fiorito did expect blowback from Trump supporters. Fiorito said she has received death threats over the Trump billboard. A lot of hate. Things have gotten a lot more escalated now,  she said. I just hope that everyone involved in helping bring this message out is safe and that we all get through this unharmed,  Fiorita said.   12 News ",0
18946,TRAGIC! JOBLESS AMERICANS Forced to Train Their Foreign Replacements Speak Out: “This is not about skills…This is about costs” [Video],"Whether from incompetence or malice, the Immigration Act of 1990 was a disaster. That is why we are in the state  60 Minutes  is likely to describe tonight.   Jessica VaughanHERE S THE 60 MINUTE PIECE ON THE H1B-VISA PROGRAM:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaykxCMDPo0",0
18947,"BREAKING: STARBUCKS CEO To Step Down After Pledge To Hire 10,000 Refugees BACKFIRES","The arrogance of a CEO of a major company like Starbucks, that would put his radical political opinions above the health of the company and the stockholders is astounding. The idea that Howard Schultz believed he could say Starbucks would make hiring 10,000 refugees a priority, while so many Americans are out of work, and it wouldn t harm the Starbucks brand is beyond foolish Howard Schultz, the current CEO of Starbucks, will step down from his role at the giant coffee chain next month.The move comes after his vow to hire thousands refugees in response to President Donald Trump s first travel ban appeared to hurt customer sentiment and dent their sales.Trump supporters have called for a boycott of the chain since January 29, when Schultz vowed to hire 10,000 refugees over five years.Schultz in a letter to employees said the promise of the American Dream was  being called into question  and that  the civility and human rights we have all taken for granted for so long are under attack. He was also a public Clinton supporter and prominent democrat, and even considered as a running mate for the Democratic nominee at one point.Almost immediately consumer perception levels took a hit as measured by YouGov BrandIndex s Buzz score, falling by two-thirds between January 29 and February 13.At the time, analysts at Credit Suisse said the coffee giant s move had a negative impact on recent sales, and could continue to hurt them in the near future.Schultz, with an estimated net worth of $3.1billion, will remain at Starbucks as executive chairman and will focus on strengthening the company s high-end coffee shops.Schultz will be replaced as CEO by Kevin Johnson, Starbucks  chief operating officer, on April 3, 2017, The Seattle Times reported. Daily Mail ",0
18948,"MEXICANS, Liberal Tourists NOT HAPPY! American Spring Breakers Chant “Build That Wall!” In Cancun, Mexico","In the past, high school kids have had to worry about getting into the college of their choice, if pictures of them overindulging in adult beverages while on spring break were posted to social media. Today, college students may have to worry about the treatment they ll receive if their college or college professors see pictures or videos of them showing their support for President Trump while on spring break.https://twitter.com/Lexi1095/status/843094566207131649What would be a dream night for Suly and Anaximandro Amable, a newly married couple who went to Cancun for their honeymoon, became a bitter experience on Monday March 13.During a family show on the high seas, young American spring breakers began to sing the controversial  Build That Wall  chant, which shocked Mexican national tourists and workers.This is just one of the many blameworthy behaviors that young spring breakers have shown recently in Cancun and that are described as acts of xenophobia and discrimination against Mexicans within their own country, which is (or should be) totally unacceptable.Anaximandro, from Per , made the following statement on social networks:  Today I was with Suly, my wife (who is a native of Mexico), watching an entertainment show off the coast of Cancun aboard a boat, and at the end of the show, a flock of Americans (maybe under the influence of alcohol, or maybe not), began to sing the infamous  Build that wall  chant louder and louder .The  Pirate Ship  sails out from Puerto Juarez, and the show takes place in the middle of the ocean, where attendees can witness the clashing of swords and the explosion of cannons along with a constant flow of drinks.For entire story: The Yucatan Times ",0
18949,TRUMP SUPPORTER FIGHTS BACK: Man Wearing “Make America Great Again” Hat Sues “The Happiest Hour” Bar For Refusing To Serve Him,"Enough is enough. Americans need to start making business owners and their employees pay up for discriminating against them simply because they dare to show their support for our President. Good for this Trump supporter for fighting back against the intolerant left. A lot of Americans would be happy to contribute to his legal defense Bartenders at a West Village hot spot served up discrimination   with a liberal twist   refusing to serve a customer because he was wearing a  Make America Great Again  hat, according to a lawsuit.Greg Piatek, 30, an accountant from Philadelphia, claims he was snubbed and eventually 86 d by workers at The Happiest Hour on West 10th Street over his conservative fashion statement, popularized by Donald Trump on the campaign trail, he told The Post. Anyone who supports Trump   or believes what you believe   is not welcome here! And you need to leave right now because we won t serve you!  Piatek claims he was told as he was shown the door by a manager.The shake-up started when Piatek and two pals, after a visit to the 9/11 Memorial, ordered drinks at the posh tavern around 6:30 p.m. on Jan. 28.A female bartender served Piatek a $15 jalape o margarita and his pals beers. But when he tried to order a second round, a male bartender noticed his hat   and skipped them, he said.One of Piatek s pals pointed out it was their turn to be served, but the bartender scoffed.  Is that hat a joke?  the Manhattan Supreme Court suit claims. Ignoring me because I m wearing the hat is ridiculous,  Piatek said.  It s really sad. The  flustered  bartender got them a second round but allegedly  slammed the drinks down. A third bartender also asked Piatek if his lid was a joke and shouted,  I can t believe you would support someone so terrible and you must be as terrible a person!  Piatek claimed. I wasn t even trying to order a drink and she said,  Don t even try to order from me. I won t get you a drink,  Piatek alleged.A manager said he spoke to the bar owner, and was told,  Anyone who supports Trump or believes what you believe is not welcome here. And you need to leave right now because we won t serve you!  according to the suit. For entire story: New York Post New York Post reporter Dean Balsamini had a similar experience when he wore a Trump hat around NYC. He recounts his day of scorn and discrimination after donning a  Make America Great Again  hat as he visited a few hot spots in the city: I may as well have been wearing a Red Sox hat at Yankee Stadium.The mere sight of my cap nearly caused a riot at the historic Stonewall Inn on Christopher Street   site of the 1969 riots that launched the gay rights movement. You come into a gay bar   THIS gay bar   with THAT hat!  one woman lectured as a large crowd gathered.At Soho s sceney La Esquina, where celebs like Julia Roberts nosh on $26 enchiladas, servers nearly lost their lunch when I showed up. Oh my God, do you see that? Is he serious? Is he kidding me?  one waiter gasped.My companion and I were quickly shunted to an out of sight table near a back wall. Don t talk to him!  a man instructed a street vendor as I browsed along 125th street near the Apollo Theater.Hipsters and trustafarians along Bedford Avenue in Williamsburg either did a double take, shot me a death stare or a snarky remark. Take off that stupid f ing hat!  one skinny-jeans-wearer sneered.At high-end chapeau peddler Goorin Bros., I overheard a salesman tell his colleague,  I m losing my sh !  as I walked in. When I asked him to hold my hat while I admired a fedora, he grimaced. I m surprised nobody s knocked that hat off your head!  a mother of two scolded me as we crossed paths along Central Park West and 63rd Street.  Make America Great Again   right! ",0
18950,"TUCKER CARLSON Tells Liberal Guest: National Endowment for the Arts Is In Effect ‘Welfare for Rich, Liberal Elites’ [VIDEO]","Tucker Carlson asks Robin Bronk, CEO of the Creative Coalition:  Why should in a time of budge deficits, taxpayers be subsidizing entertainment for  rich people ? Don t you think it s kind of funny that artists who are  against the grain  and  thinking for themselves,  all of a sudden they re queuing up for their handouts from taxpayers?  Tucker asked.  Why wouldn t artists just strike out on their own and be independent? Watch the back-and-forth here:   FOX Insider",0
18951,MEALS ON WHEELS Shuts the Lyin’ Lefties Up With Truth After MoveOn.org’s Fake News [Video],"Below is the comment in red that MoveOn.org put up before the video. Notice how they say NOTHING about the budget but just state that the program helps people. They re clearly fear mongering with vague information and NO FACTS. If you would like to go to the post on Facebook and hammer them with the statement below that s DIRECTLY from Meals on Wheels, here s the link: MoveOn.org Facebook Post On Meals on Wheels Trump wants to cut Meals on Wheels   Meals on Wheels America is one program Donald J. Trump wants to cut in his federal budget plan. It s especially outrageous because according to one Meals on Wheels director,  we re delivering a meal but we re delivering a lot more because sometimes we re the only people that this person may see  Share the message. Notice how the people in the video just speak about how the program helps people BUT doesn t discuss budget? That s because they re only fear mongering and nothing else Shame on them!MEALS ON WHEELS CAME OUT WITH A STATEMENT TO CLEAR THINGS UP: The nationwide Meals on Wheels network, comprised of 5,000, local, community-based programs, receives 35% of its total funding for the provision of congregate and home-delivered meals from the federal government through the Older Americans Act, administered by the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services, Administration for Community Living. Other federal funding sources that support Meals on Wheels program operations may include the Community Development Block Grant, Community Services Block Grant or the Social Services Block Grant. In addition, programs rely on contributions from state or local governments, private donations and other resources to cover the rest, demonstrating one of the best examples of a successful public-private partnership. Meals on Wheels America, the largest and oldest national organization representing senior nutrition programs across the country, receives only 3% of its funding from the government, specifically to run the National Research Center on Nutrition and Aging. ",0
18952,BRUTALIZED TRUMP SUPPORTERS WIN ONE! Federal Lawsuit Against City of San Jose Goes Forward [Video],"A judge has refused to toss out a federal lawsuit against the city of San Jose, California, in which the city police are accused of allowing an angry mob of left-wing agitators and violent protesters to target peaceful pro-Trump fans. Several people were injured during the June 2 rally:The city was sued by attorney Harmeet Dhillon, in a pro bono case, representing some of the victims. Dhillon, the national committeewoman of the California Republican Party and a contender to lead the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice, also attended the rally. Citizens ranging from their teens to their 70s were assaulted, abused, chased, hunted, and terrorized in a situation for which the city is responsible, and must now answer,  Dhillon told LifeZette. This lawsuit seeks to vindicate the principle that every American   regardless of his or her political beliefs   is entitled to equal protection of the laws, and to the rights of free speech and free assembly, particularly in the support of their candidate of choice. The unfortunate series of events happened just weeks after Republican businessman Donald Trump had sewn up the GOP presidential nomination in May 2016. The Trump supporters were leaving the San Jose rally, exiting the convention center on June 2.Read more: Lifezette",0
18953,"PULL BACK THE CURTAIN ON NPR AND PBS SALARIES! That’ll Convince You Trump’s Right to Cut, Cut, Cut!","Former Senator Jim DeMint speaks up in the WSJ about the obscene salaries the higher ups at PBS and NPR are getting:When presidents of government-funded broadcasting are making more than the president of the United States, it s time to get the government out of public broadcasting.While executives at the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) and National Public Radio (NPR) are raking in massive salaries, the organizations are participating in an aggressive lobbying effort to prevent Congress from saving hundreds of millions of dollars each year by cutting their subsidies.The so-called commercial free public airwaves have been filled with pleas for taxpayer cash. The Association of Public Television Stations has hired lobbyists to fight the cuts. Hundreds of taxpayer-supported TV, radio and Web outlets have partnered with an advocacy campaign to facilitate emails and phone calls to Capitol Hill for the purpose of telling members of Congress,  Public broadcasting funding is too important to eliminate! PBS President Paula Kerger even recorded a personal television appeal that told viewers exactly how to contact members of Congress in order to  let your representative know how you feel about the elimination of funding for public broadcasting.  But if PBS can pay Ms. Kerger $632,233 in annual compensation as reported on the 990 tax forms all nonprofits are required to file surely it can operate without tax dollars Meanwhile, highly successful, brand-name public programs like Sesame Street make millions on their own.  Sesame Street,  for example, made more than $211 million from toy and consumer product sales from 2003-2006. Sesame Workshop President and CEO Gary Knell received $956,513 in compensation in 2008. With earnings like that, Big Bird doesn t need the taxpayers to help him compete against the Nickleodeon cable channel s Dora the Explorer.Read more: WSJ",0
18954,"SHAMEFUL: Video Shows How Liberal Media, Democrats, Entertainment Industry Coordinated HUGE LIE About Trump…Pushed It Out As Truth To Viewers [VIDEO]","Remember when liberal media and entertainers, Democrat leaders and even Hillary Clinton got on TV and swore Trump never paid taxes? The Democrat Party even ran TV ad stating Trump had not paid taxes in 18 years! Here s a montage showing how many liberals in the media and entertainment industry worked in unison to push a lie about President Trump never paying taxes. The only variable in this coordinated lie is the number of years they claim he never paid taxes, which ranges from never to 18 years. Thanks to Rachel Maddow, who illegally showcased President Donald J. Trump s tax 2005 tax return (only 11 years ago) we all know that this coordinated lie was nothing more than a well, a coordinated lie. Who will be held accountable for this coordinated lie now that Rachel Maddow of MSNBC (one of their own) has foolishly disclosed the truth, that in 2005 President Trump paid over $38 MILLION to the American government in taxes  Watch:",0
18955,BRITISH MP Nigel Evans SHAMES Anti-Trump Parliament: “He is going to go down in history as being roundly condemned for being the ONLY politician to keep his promises” [VIDEO],"During a meeting of the Welsh members of the Parliament, PM Nigel Evans shamed the anti-Trump members, reminding them that they have decided upon their own version of democracy and  that 61 million Americans supported Donald Trump at the ballot box. He started out by telling them:  For those who find it difficult to understand to understand that the American people voted for Donald Trump, get over it because he s President of the United States. Evans reminded the members of Parliament that the  Brexit  was also a referendum handed down by British voters to members of Parliament who have forgotten them.  We have to ask ourselves, and this actually includes myself, is that we have to ask ourselves, why is it that people felt so left behind that they ve made the democratic decisions that they have?  These were the forgotten people and just like we have the forgotten people in the United Kingdom, there are the forgotten people in the United States of America. He s going to go down in history for being the only politician to deliver on his promises. But the fact is that there were 61 million people who voted for Donald Trump and when we stand up in this country and then condemn him for being racist and I ve seen no evidence of that.  I ve seen no evidence of him being racist or that they attacked him in an unseemly way, we re actually attacking the American people the 61 million people who supported him. Here is the shortened version:Here is the full version: ",0
18956,LOL! Democrat Congressman Says Best Way To Fight “Fake News” Is To Watch MSNBC [VIDEO],"MSNBC host asks Congressman Ted Leiu, a Democrat from California about a House resolution he co-sponsored to address  fake news.  The idea that a member of Congress is trying to legislate what is and is not  fake new  is scary enough, but the congressman then went on to say that the best way to combat  fake news  is to watch MSNBC, because  Trump fears  them  so they must be doing something right.  Leiu then goes on to actually  thank  MSNBC for  speaking truth to power.  He probably just missed that embarrassing fiasco where serial liar Brian Williams was caught completely fabricating stories and reporting them as facts on NBC Nightly News, before being moved over to MSNBC with more like-minded  fake news  hosts Watch:",0
18957,CNN’S FAREED ZAKARIA Busts Out a Profanity Filled Rant Against Trump [Video], ,0
18958,POLITICO DOWNGRADES AMERICA: Declares Germany’s “Open-Borders” Angela Merkel “Leader Of The Free World” In Anti-American Headline,"Here s what Politico s headline today looked like:Here s what the leftist anti-American rag Politico had to say about Angela Merkel s visit to the US to meet with our new President Donald Trump: This time the media hype surrounding a White House meeting is no wild exaggeration. When President Donald Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel finally get together on Friday, the leaders of the West s two most powerful countries are sure to come off more like an odd couple than two close allies chewing over plans for some joint enterprise. And for good reason. Merkel and Trump are not only polar opposites as people, but they share little in terms of international outlook.Their styles reflect their vastly different backgrounds. Merkel, Germany s first and only female chancellor, was raised by a pastor in communist East Germany, where she earned a doctorate in physical chemistry. Although she is the longest-serving and most powerful leader in Europe, she is unfailingly modest, competent and consensus-oriented. Trump s all-about-me mentality, Queens upbringing and brash, tabloid-and-reality-TV personality couldn t be more different. Could one even imagine the outrage if a piece like this was published about Barack Obama within his first 60 days in office? The mentality of the unhinged left is on display for every American to see and if they keep this up, even for a few more months, they will never win another election. Here s how Nigel Farage, the British rock star who was behind  Brexit  feels about Merkel s visit to the White House:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqnCkSYLDgQ",0
18959,THANKS OBAMA! Half Of Students In Top 700 School Districts Are From Immigrant Households…30% Are ILLEGAL ALIENS,"Barack Obama and the Democrat Party were laser focused on opening the immigrant floodgates for 8 years. They re the first ones to cry when President Trump mentions budget cuts to schools and programs for the elderly, but what about the enormous burden millions of new immigrants (mostly illegal) have put on the backs of taxpayers? The Democrats were only looking at immigrants as voters, they didn t consider how the massive influx of people on entitlement programs would affect our schools and social programs. The statistics below are stunning:Children of immigrants, many in the United States illegally, make up the bulk of students in 700 of the biggest school areas, a huge and unexpected wave that is changing education and society in America, according to a groundbreaking new report.Using Census Bureau statistics and Google Maps, the Center for Immigration Studies found that in areas including northern Virginia, New York City and Houston, children of immigrants made up to 93 percent of all students. The number of children from immigrant households in schools is now so high in some areas that it raises profound questions about assimilation,  said the report provided to Secrets. What s more, immigration has added enormously to the number of public school students who are in poverty and the number who speak a foreign language. This cannot help but to create significant challenges for schools, often in areas already struggling to educate students who come from disadvantaged backgrounds,  it added.Overall, 23 percent of all public school students were from an immigrant household in 2015. In 1990 it was 11 percent, and in 1980 it was 7 percent.And, said the CIS report,  between one-fourth and one-third of public school students from immigrant households were the children of illegal immigrants. Report author Steven Camarota said,  Of course, we must educate the children of immigrants.  But, added the Center s director of research,  the key question moving forward is whether it makes sense to continue to admit 1 million new legal permanent immigrants each year and tolerating illegal immigration without regard to the absorption capacity of our schools in terms of both educating students and assimilating them. On a state level, he found that California has the biggest percentage of immigrant students in public schools, 48 percent, followed by Nevada, 35 percent, New Jersey and New York at 34 percent, and Texas, 31 percent.The bulk have Mexican or El Salvadoran parents.He also found that many immigrant families are poor, which cuts the tax base schools have to tap for funds.For entire story: Washington Examiner",0
18960,YOU WON’T BELIEVE THIS: WATCH DONNA BRAZILE Defend Her Decision to Cheat by Leaking Questions to Hillary [Video]," Well, first of all, I didn t have my hands in the cookie jar. I m an operative, I m a strategist, and part of what my role was, in addition to being a  political pundit,  was to help advance the cause of justice and equality https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrCEUL19-cM",0
18961,Donna Brazile FINALLY Admits To Giving Hillary Questions Before Debate…Will Media Hold Crooked Hillary Accountable For Accepting Questions? [VIDEO],"Veteran Democratic operative Donna Brazile finally admitted that she used her former position as a CNN commentator to relay questions ahead of debates to Hillary Clinton during the Democratic primary.For months, Brazile has avoided confirming that hacked emails from the campaign showed her forwarding the questions, which were asked at separate debates. But in a new essay for Time magazine looking back on the hackings, she said it was true. [I]n October, a subsequent release of emails revealed that among the many things I did in my role as a Democratic operative and [Democratic National Committee] Vice Chair prior to assuming the interim D.N.C. Chair position was to share potential town hall topics with the Clinton campaign,  she said.Watch Donna Brazile lie to Megyn Kelly: As recently as February, Brazile would only say that the emails  allegedly  showed her forwarding the questions.In her Time essay, however, she said she was remorseful.  Washington ExaminerWatch Donna Brazile brag about how much more  prepared  Hillary Clinton was for the debate than her opponent Donald J. Trump. When the reporter asks Brazile about passing the debate questions along to Hillary, she accuses him of  badgering her like Donald Trump badgers women. Watch Obama s spokesliar tell a reporter during press conference that President Obama has full confidence in Brazile. claims that she s a person of integrity and high-character: Here s another clip of the reporter who won t let up on Brazile as she continues to lie to press about giving Hillary questions before the debate:",0
18962,NUCLEAR SHOWDOWN? NAVY SEAL TEAM That Killed Osama Bin Laden To Take Part In Military Drills Against N. Korea,"A WARNING shot has been fired at North Korea by the Trump administration. There s a new sheriff in town and North Korea s crazy little dictator may need to rethink his antagonistic behavior. He may be poking the wrong tiger Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Friday it may be necessary to take pre-emptive military action against North Korea if the threat from their weapons program reaches a level  that we believe requires action. Tillerson outlined a tougher strategy to confront North Korea s nuclear threat after visiting the world s most heavily armed border near the tense buffer zone between the rival Koreas. He also closed the door on talks with Pyongyang unless it denuclearizes and gives up its weapons of mass destruction.  Chicago TribuneThe US Navy SEAL team that killed Osama bin Laden is reportedly set to join military training drills against North Korea for the first time.Along with other elite US units including the Army Rangers, Delta Force and the Green Berets, SEAL Team Six will take part in annual training exercises alongside South Korean forces, according to Yonhap News. A bigger number of and more diverse US special operation forces will take part in this year s Foal Eagle and Key Resolve exercises to practise missions to infiltrate into the North, remove the North s war command and demolition of its key military facilities,  a South Korean official told the news agency.SEAL Team Six would practice removing Kim Jong-un and destroying North Korea s weapons of mass destruction, South Korea s Defence Ministry told the Joong Ang Daily newspaper.North Korea has already warned of  merciless attacks  if the USS Carl Vinson, a US aircraft carrier currently in South Korean waters, infringes on its  sovereignty and dignity even a bit .North Korea has already warned of  merciless attacks  if the USS Carl Vinson, a US aircraft carrier currently in South Korean waters, infringes on its  sovereignty and dignity even a bit .The secretive state last week fired four ballistic missiles into the sea off Japan in response to the annual military drills, which it sees as preparation for war.Both the US and South Korea maintain that the exercises are purely defensive. North and South Korea are technically still at war because the 1950-53 Korean War ended in an armistice, not a peace treaty.For entire story: Independent UK",0
18963,BREAKING: Secret Service Laptop STOLEN From Vehicle In Bronx…You Won’t Believe What’s On It!,"A laptop computer containing floor plans for Trump Tower, information about the Hillary Clinton email investigation and other national security information was stolen from a Secret Service agent s vehicle in Brooklyn, police sources told the Daily News.Authorities have been frantically searching for the laptop since it was stolen Thursday morning.Some items stolen along with the laptop   including coins and a black bag with the Secret Service insignia on it   were later recovered.But the laptop, along with other documents described as  sensitive,  were still being sought.The thief stepped out of a car, possibly an Uber, on a street in Bath Beach and stole the laptop from the agent s vehicle, which was parked in the driveway of her home.He was then seen on video walking away from the scene with a backpack.The agent reported the laptop contained floor plans for Trump Tower, evacuation protocols and information regarding the investigation of Hillary Clinton s private email server.The agent also told investigators that while nothing about the White House or foreign leaders is stored on the laptop, the information on there could compromise national security.The thief also took  sensitive  documents and the agent s access keycard, though the level of the agent s access wasn t immediately clear.  NY Daily News",0
18964,ILLEGAL? THUG WITH 30 PRIOR ARRESTS Steals Ambulance…Runs Over EMT Killing Mother of 5 [Video],"The blood is on DeBlasio s hands! Career criminals are walking the streets with a violent history and  sealed  arrest records. THAT IS PROOF that the administration is NOT doing what is best for the civilian population. Is he an ILLEGAL being protected by politicians who support sanctuary cities?THIS MOTHER OF 5 DESERVES ANSWERS:  The body of FDNY EMT Yadira Arroyo being carried into the Medical Examiner s Office by fellow FDNY EMT s:The body of FDNY EMT Yadira Arroyo being carried into the medical examiner Office by fellow FDNY EMT s. pic.twitter.com/HWXgu2MVt0  BMR Breaking News (@BMRBreakingNews) March 17, 2017 The NYPD identified Jose Gonzalez, 25, as the suspect who was operating the emergency vehicle and slammed into 14-year FDNY EMT veteran Yadira Arroyo and her partner Thursday night. Arroyo, a mother of five, later succumbed to her injuries and died at Jacobi Medical Center.Gonzalez, who has an extensive arrest history, faces murder, grand larceny and operating a motor vehicle impaired by drugs charges, police said. Moments before, Jose Gonzalez was going door to door begging for money:Moments before he s alleged to have run over a @FDNY EMT, Jose Gonzalez was going door to door begging for money https://t.co/eJAJaTQGxi pic.twitter.com/fx9pWzE5Wz  Myles Miller (@MylesMill) March 17, 2017Read more: pix11",0
18965,ETHIOPIAN MUSLIM Monster Deported From U.S. 10 Years After Performing “Clitorectomy” On Daughter With Scissors,"With a growing number of Muslim refugees and immigrants living in America who are strict adherents of Sharia Law, it should come as no surprise that female genital mutilation is not so uncommon anymore in many parts of the United States. It is a felony to perform a clitorectomy on a female in America, but getting caught is the hard part A petition from the womens  group Equality Now reveals that immigration has put the United States on a list that will be much more difficult for progressive immigration enthusiasts to cheer. A massive influx of immigrants from Muslim-populated countries in Africa and the Middle East has led the group to conclude that more than half a million girls in the U.S. are in danger of having their exposed sexual organs skinned from their bodies.The practice is known as female genital mutilation (FGM).The Atlantic describes how the procedure is carried out:It usually involves the complete removal of the clitoris, and often the removal of some of the inner and outer labia. In its most extreme form infibulation almost all the external genitalia are cut away, the remaining flesh from the outer labia is sewn together, or infibulated, and the girl s legs are bound from ankle to waist for several weeks while scar tissue closes up the vagina almost completely. A small hole, typically about the diameter of a pencil, is left for urination and menstruation. The cutting is usually done with a razor, a kitchen knife, or a pair of scissors. It is rare for any anesthesia to be used.As the United States continues to mail out immigrant visas to countries with hostile and violent attitudes towards women, it will increasingly challenge Americans  self-perception of what it means to live in a First World country.Haha Dukureh, an FGM-survivor and founder of the activist organization Safe Hands for Girls, warned that  every year thousands of girls here in the United States go through female genital mutilation.   Breitbart NewsA Gwinnett County Muslim man was deported today after female  serving 10 years in an American prison (on the American taxpayer dime) for a genital mutilation sentence. An Ethiopian man convicted of aggravated battery and cruelty to children was removed from the United States on Monday.Khalid Adem, 41, was arrested for using scissors to mutilate the genitals of his 2-year-old daughter.He was deported on Monday after serving 10 years in prison.Adem was an Ethiopian citizen and native when he was living in Gwinnett County, Georgia in 2006. (He was convicted in 2006, but his wife who turned him in believes the crime was committed in 2001). His case was drew national attention for being the first criminal conviction in the United States for female genital mutilation (FGM).He became the catalyst for the specific criminalization of FGM under Georgia state law.Female genital mutilation is a federal crime, and any involvement in committing this crime is a human rights violation that results in imprisonment and potential deportation. (This crime includes doing the procedure within the United States as well as sending women overseas to be cut) .  Jihad Watch",0
18966,LIBERAL BIGOT Destroyed by Legendary Democrat Alan Dershowitz in Discussion on Trump’s Travel Ban: “You’re lying through your teeth!” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-TBfkqk7gU,0
18967,DESPERATE DEMS? RUSSIAN BANK Reports Computer Hacks Designed To Make It Appear Trump Had Secret Relationship With Them,"A Russian bank has reported to U.S. authorities that mysterious communications resumed recently between one of its computers and an email server tied to President Trump s business empire, and it has developed evidence the new activity may be the work of a hacker trying to create a political hoax, Circa has learned.Alfa Bank is asking the U.S. Justice Department for help solving the mystery and pledged its full cooperation.Alfa wants U.S. authorities to help unmask a computer inside the United States that it believes has been used to launch cyberattacks spoofing the appearance of a backdoor communication channel between Moscow and America s 45th president, according to a source directly familiar with the bank s request.The bank believes  these malicious attacks are designed to create the false impression that Alfa Bank has a secretive relationship with the Trump Organization,  the source said, speaking on condition of anonymity.Alfa Bank has insisted since media stories began appearing last fall about the computer communications   known as Domain Name Server lookups   that it has never had a relationship to Trump or any of his companies and that any computer connections between the two parties  computers were innocuous. The resumption of the computer pings started last month, and Alfa s cybersecurity experts traced evidence that the activity was actually being spoofed   or hacked  through a third party from a masked computer address inside the United States, the source said.  For entire story: Circa NewsIn November of 2016, The Intercept published a piece refuting a Slate article that attempted to convince readers there was a connection between Trump and the Alfa Bank servers: Slate s Franklin Foer published a story that s been circulating through the dark web and various newsrooms since summertime, an enormous, eyebrow-raising claim that Donald Trump uses a secret server to communicate with Russia. That claim resulted in an explosive night of Twitter confusion and misinformation.The gist of the Slate article is dramatic   incredible, even: Cybersecurity researchers found that the Trump Organization used a secret box configured to communicate exclusively with Alfa Bank, Russia s largest privately-held commercial bank. This is a story that any reporter in our election cycle would drool over, and drool Foer did:The researchers quickly dismissed their initial fear that the logs represented a malware attack. The communication wasn t the work of bots. The irregular pattern of server look-ups actually resembled the pattern of human conversation   conversations that began during office hours in New York and continued during office hours in Moscow. It dawned on the researchers that this wasn t an attack, but a sustained relationship between a server registered to the Trump Organization and two servers registered to an entity called Alfa Bank.These claims are based entirely on  DNS logs,  digital records of when one server looks up how to contact another across the internet. The logs, first gathered by an anonymous researcher going by the moniker  Tea Leaves  (an irony that should be lost on no one) and shared with a small group of academics, were provided to The Intercept and a handful of other news organizations. The New York Times, the Washington Post, Reuters, the Daily Beast, and Vice all examined these materials to at least some extent and did not publish the claims.You can think of DNS like a phone book that maps people s names to their phone numbers. For example, every time Alice wants to call Bob, she first looks up Bob s phone number in the phone book, and then she dials the number into her phone. However, it s possible that Alice might look up Bob s phone number and not call him on the phone. It s even possible that she might look up Bob s phone number over and over on a regular basis, over the course of months, without actually calling him. The DNS look-ups that The Intercept and others (including Slate) reviewed are similar to records of Alice looking up Bob s phone number in the phone book, but to call that evidence of sinister collusion between the two is, politely, a stretch. These DNS records alone simply cannot prove that any specific messages were sent at those times. In fact, they can t really prove anything at all, and certainly not  communication  between Trump and Alfa. This cannot be overstated: No one, not Tea Leaves, not his academic peers, and not Franklin Foer, can show that a single message was exchanged between Trump and Alfa.For entire story go to: The Intercept ",0
18968,"COMEDY GOLD! Bernie Sanders Has HILARIOUS Meltdown Over Repeal Of Obamacare: “If You Are Old..If You’re 55-60 Yrs Of Age And Don’t Have Health Insurance, You Will Die!” [VIDEO]","Sen. Bernie Sanders (I., Vt.) could not say on Wednesday where he got the information that  thousands will die  if Obamacare is repealed.Sanders made the claim while speaking with CNN s Jake Tapper but could not provide any specific sources that backed his assertion, instead referring to  studies that have been done. You ve said if this repeal and replace plan goes forward that thousands of Americans will die,  Tapper said to Sanders.  Where do you get that estimate from? I get that estimate from the fact that studies have been done that people who do not have health insurance, who do not go to the doctor when they should, who do not go to the hospital when they need to go, in fact die,  Sanders said.  And thousands of people die every year because they don t have health insurance. And if you throw 24 million people off of health insurance, there is no doubt that many thousands of people will die. Jake Tapper then goes on to ask Bernie Sanders about the disastrous results of Obamacare, making insurance unaffordable for so many Americans. Tapper tells Sanders,  In many states Obamacare is in dire straights. The governor of Minnesota, a liberal Democrat said the  Affordable Care Act  is  unaffordable .  To his credit, Tapper continues with his line of questioning and actually shocks Sanders when he asks him,  Don t the Democrats own this bill that in so many states is failing? No, I think what the American, look, what you re saying is true,  Sanders replied.  No one, certainly not me, that the Affordable Care Act, Obamacare, has many serious problems. Deductibles are too high, premiums are too high, we still have too many people who don t have any health insurance,  Sanders said.  It s too complicated, it s too bureaucratic.   WFBYEAH Okay Bernie whatever you say Watch: ",0
18969,"TRUMP TO END FUNDING For Taxpayer-Funded, Leftist Propaganda Public Broadcasting Corp.","Forcing taxpaying Americans to fund liberal propaganda television and radio shows is similar to union bosses forcing conservative union members to contribute their hard earned dues to help candidates like Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama win elections. No American should have to pay for government funded media outlets who pass off biased opinions by liberal hosts as  news  or television shows that work to indoctrinate our youth. The Trump administration will end federal involvement with the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, according to Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney.Mike Gonzales, VP of Communications for the Heritage Foundation sums up the insanity of government funding for the CPB in this US News piece: There s a reason liberals have taken up Big Bird as the face of public broadcasting and not, say, Bill Moyers. Mr. Bird is feathery and cuddly, while Moyers likes to compare American flag lapel pins to Mao s Little Red Book. This is how the left undermines our institutions from within: make the effort appear homey and apple pie-ish. Show Big Bird, not Big Bill. Moyers is not alone. Many other journalists at PBS and NPR equally epitomize an aloof liberal elite that has squandered half the nation s trust in the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. Over at NPR there is Nina Totenberg, who once wished AIDS on the grandchildren of Sen. Jesse Helms. No, Totenberg won t be the face of the pro-public broadcasting effort, either. Elmo is being pressed into service.I don t mean to pick on Moyers or Totenberg. They are no different from many of their brethren in other publications. For some reason probably because liberals want to change American society, which they see as inferior, and people who want to change society tend to go into journalism most people in the profession are liberal. In one important way, however, Moyers and Totenberg are different. Journalists at The New York Times and MSNBC must constantly strive to give their publics what they want. If they fall short, they ll get a quick reality check: Readers will buy a different paper or click somewhere else online. TV viewers will reach for their remotes.Only PBS and NPR journalists think they re entitled to a conservative taxpayer s dime. And this is the nub of the problem. How can an institution that represents the views of only the liberal half of the population, and only grudgingly acknowledges conservatives and their principles in passing, believe it has a claim on all taxpayers?Yes, the CPB says that it s impartial, that it s popular, and that taxpayer money covers a tiny percentage of their operating revenue. And that just makes my point. If they re willing to ignore widespread conservative complaints and refuse to institute changes, then they have a problem. And, yes, I agree, they can do fine without our money. Their membership strategy amounts to a fantastic business model. They will thrive on it. We can use the $444 million they get a year. We proposed ending funding, but technically what you ll see it s an elimination but you ll see an amount of money in the budget, and it is some amount of money that s necessary for us to unwind our involvement with CPB,  Mulvaney said during the briefing on the administration s budget blueprint.  So you won t see a zero next to it, but the policy is that we re ending federal involvement with the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. Next year it might be zero, it may take a while to unwind that relationship, it s just the nature of contracts,  he said.The Washington Free Beacon previously reported defunding NPR and public radio would likely take years because the Corporation for Public Broadcasting gets its funding two years in advance.The CPB receives roughly $450 million each year, with $99.1 million going to public radio.The Trump administration will release the full budget blueprint Thursday afternoon. The so-called  skinny  budget shows Congress the administration s spending priorities, and officials have characterized the suggested spending cuts as  dramatic.   WFB",0
18970,YOU WON’T BELIEVE Who Rachel Maddow Blames for Her Trump Tax Dud [Video], ,0
18971,"SUB-HUMANS: Surveillance VIDEO Captures 4 Black Males Brutally Beating 37-Yr Old White Male, Break His Bones, Steal His Wallet, After Offering To Help Pay For Their Meals","A group of people beat a man in a Brooklyn restaurant after he offered to help pay for their food, police said. Surveillance video captured the brutal beating inside Texas Chicken and Burgers in Prospect Park South earlier this month. Police released the video in the hopes of catching the four suspects.After the 37-year-old victim offered to help pay for two of the suspects  meals, they began yelling at him and then started punching him and beating him with his own cane, police said. While the man tried to protect himself from the violent blows, two other suspects charged into the restaurant and also began beating the man, kicking him in his head and body, according to police.While the victim was lying on the ground, another man came in and appeared to steal from the man s pockets, police said. Source: Group Breaks Man s Bones After He Offers to Help Pay for Their Food.   NBC New YorkIronically, after eight long years with a mixed-race president who could have done so much to bring races closer together, America is watching everything the great Martin Luther King, Jr. and those of every race who fought to integrate our society fall apart ",0
18972,SPECTACULAR! Kid Rock Blows Up “Made In China” Grills In New Marketing Campaign For “American Badass Grill” [VIDEO],"Michigan born and raised rock phenom Kid Rock is a big fan of President Trump and he s not afraid to admit it. I m proud to say Robert Ritchie, aka Kid Rock was born and raised in Romeo, MI, the same rural hometown where I grew up. Hunting was a common sport for kids who attended our high school, and many of the parents were employed by Chrysler, Ford or GM. Given his strong rural American roots, it s no surprise that he s such a big supporter of  made in America  products.  Kid Rock has been putting his money where his mouth is for quite some time with his wildly popular line of Made in Detroit products. He recently caused quite a stir with his line of t-shirts that are being sold that proudly show his support for President Trump.Kid Rock has announced his latest venture, the American Badass grill. Much like Trump, the outspoken rocker is taking it to China in his most recent videos, that show both his love for guns and his love for American made products.Here s his hilarious American-made  American Badass Grill  ad that showcases both Ritchie s love for guns and his dislike for products made in China. We got grills that are made in China, and we got .50 cals that are made in America. This is 100 percent pure American badass.  The goal was to show  what it looks like when Chinese-made grills meet American-made explosives. :Here s the ad Kid Rock uses on his website to describe why he s making  Made in America  grills. Go HERE to purchase the versatile $100 grill:In this ad, Ritchie and friends can be seen using a special technique to destroy BBQ grills that are made in China.  If it s not made in America like the Kid Rock American Badass Grill, you don t want it. : It really would be dumb to buy any grill other than the American Badass, which aims to  Make Grilling Great Again. When you get something made in America, the quality is going to be better,  Kid Rock explains.  Win, win, win, win, all the way around. It is one of the most versatile grills on the market. It is  large enough to fit 12 burgers, small enough to take the party on the road,  and also features a dual damper system that allows it to cook in different ways. The American Badass Grill comes with a dual damper system so you can control heat, the key to perfect grilling,  the website says.  Open the vents, let in more air and you ll turn up the heat for fast grilling with a nice sear. Close the vents to lower heat for low and slow grilling. The grills cost about $100. To paraphrase another American hero, go buy Kid Rock s stuff.  WFB",0
18973,HEY RACHEL MADDOW…While You’re On The Subject Of Taxes…What About Tax Evading Hosts At MSNBC?,"So Rachel, now that we re on the subject of taxes President Trump PAID, how about we remind Americans about the tax evaders/MSNBC hosts employed by your leftist network:MSNBC host and perpetual race agitator Al Sharpton certainly gets around quite a bit. Any time there s any sort of Black Lives Matter protest or urban unrest with a race relations twist, Sharpton seems to appear within hours as if by magic. So busy is the man s schedule that he apparently still can t find time to sit down with an accountant and clear up more than a half million dollars in unpaid taxes which the IRS has been pestering him about for some time now. In a follow-up to their previous reports on the subject, the Daily Caller finds that both Sharpton and his MSNBC colleague Joy-Ann Reid are still on the Tax Man s naughty list, despite assurances last year that they were working to settle up their accounts.Watch Jesse Waters confront Al Sharpton and ask him about his unpaid taxes: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9YI5-c1udYMSNBC national correspondent Joy-Ann Reid has yet to pay off her still open nearly $5,000 tax warrant that attracted a good bit of attention last year. Ditto for the nearly $600,000 for two tax warrants that New York lists for MSNBC host Rev. Al Sharpton.In April 2016, New York filed a $4,948.15 tax warrant against Joy-Ann Reid, who serves as managing editor of theGrio.com and until earlier this year hosted MSNBC s The Reid Report, and her husband, Jason. Reid has called taxes on the wealthy  a basic fairness argument,  also arguing for  smart spending and smart tax increases  to create economic growth.   Daily CallerMeanwhile, Sharpton, whose state and federal delinquencies are the stuff of legend, has, according to records accessed Monday evening at least two open New York tax warrants for nearly $600,00. One judgment, dated May 19, 2009, is for $103,156.06. The other, from December 16, 2008, is for $492,612.41.Sharpton insisted to the New York Post and New York Times in 2014 that he was paying down his debts. The Times article noted that his insistence conflicted with  information provided by state officials.   Hot AirMaybe the folks over at MSNBC shouldn t worry so much about the taxes Trump PAID and should focus instead on their host s UNPAID taxes!  ",0
18974,MARKETING FIRM CEO Gives Job Applicants a ‘Snowflake Test’ [Video],"The CEO wrote an article delving into some of the questions on the test and why he s doing this: It s 30 short-answer and essay-style questions that help us to really get to know a candidate. We want to get in their heads. See how they apply logic and reason to different scenarios. See what makes them tick. See if they d be a good fit for our culture. Among those questions? Outside of standard benefits, what benefits should a company offer employees? What are your feelings about employees or clients carrying guns? What are your feelings about safe spaces in challenging work environments? Should  trigger warnings  be issued before we release content for clients or the company that might be considered  controversial ? How do you feel about police? When was the last time you cried and why? What are your thoughts on the current college environment as it pertains to a future workforce? What does  faith  mean to you? You see someone stepping on an American Flag. What happens next?The CEO of The Silent Partner Marketing, Kyle Reyes, discusses his  snowflake test   on FOX & Friends:",0
18975,"“FAIR SHARE” FAIL: Trump’s Taxes Show He Paid Almost TWICE The Rate Of Socialist Bernie Sanders Who Owns 3 Homes, Preaches Equality [VIDEO]",Watch Tucker Carlson point out that Trump paid a 25% tax rate while socialist  fair share  Bernie only paid a 13% tax rate: ,0
18976,VAN JONES Explains Why Rachel Maddow’s “Don’t Actually Gotcha” Moment Turned Into “A Good Night For Donald Trump” [VIDEO],"Is Van Jones on Trump s payroll yet or is he just tired of being on the party of losers? Van Jones appeared on CNN s Anderson Cooper show last night and mocked the ridiculous attempt by rabid leftist MSNBC host Rachel Maddow to embarrass President Trump as part of her jihad on the President.After laughing about all the hype, Jones told the panel:  If all we get tonight is that Trump paid $38M to America s government, that s a good night for Trump. I m sorry. I was hoping and praying that it would show not only did he not pay no taxes, he actually charged the government that he actually got something back..@VanJones68: If all we get tonight is that Trump paid $38M to America s government, that s a good night for Trump https://t.co/kvYlq8udPf  Anderson Cooper 360  (@AC360) March 15, 2017If you have the stomach for it, we included the full clip of MSNBC s Rachel Maddow s lame attempt at jihad on President Trump:",0
18977,"TEXAS CONGRESSMAN Lets Screaming Leftist Agitator Have It: “You sir, SHUT UP!” [Video]", ,0
18978,KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: Serious Legal Issues Surround Rachel Maddow Report On Trump’s 2005 Tax Return [Video], ,0
18979,RACHEL MADDOW Tries To Embarrass Trump By Exposing 2005 Tax Returns…BACKFIRES Big-Time..Gets DESTROYED On Twitter!,"Here s Maddow s tweet announcing her  bombshell  revelation on her show:BREAKING: We've got Trump tax returns. Tonight, 9pm ET. MSNBC.(Seriously).  Rachel Maddow MSNBC (@maddow) March 14, 2017Just last week, the New York Times  columnist Nicholas Kristoff urged IRS employees Sunday to break the law, and leak Donald Trump s tax returns to his publication:  If you re in IRS and have a certain president s tax return that you d like to leak, my address is: NYT, 620 Eighth Ave, NY NY 10018,  Nicholas Kristof wrote on Twitter.But if you're in IRS and have a certain president's tax return that you'd like to leak, my address is: NYT, 620 Eighth Ave, NY NY 10018. https://t.co/ujYe100Tn9  Nicholas Kristof (@NickKristof) March 6, 2017As the Hill reminds us, the release of an individual s unauthorized tax returns is a felony. While reporters who publish illegally obtained information that they did not solicit are traditionally not prosecuted   recall that in September 2016 the NYT released an old Trump tax return without legal consequences- the legal picture becomes less clear if the reporters are involved in the leaking of the information.  Zero HedgeHere s what Kristof of the New York Times had to say about the release of Trump s 2005 tax returns:So Trump apparently paid 25% income tax rate overall in federal taxes in 2005. Low, but higher than Romney or many finance tycoons.  Nicholas Kristof (@NickKristof) March 15, 2017Here s what the rest of America (including Donald Trump Jr.) had to say about Rachel Maddow s ridiculous attempt to embarrass President Trump.This awesome tweet was from Joe Walsh of Walsh Freedom:Rachel Maddow revealed that Trump paid more taxes in '05 than most people will pay in their entire lives.What ground-breaking journalism.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) March 15, 2017Former Governor Mike Huckabee was having a blast on Twitter tonight:Tomorrow night Rachel Maddow solves the Kennedy Assassinaton. Will name Oswald as assassin. Don't miss REAL JOURNALISM!  Gov. Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee) March 15, 2017https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/841826865169887232There was even a tweet from the President s son Donald Jr, thanking Maddow for proving to her Trump hating followers how successful Donald Trump is and that he paid $40 million in taxes! Thank you Rachel Maddow for proving to your #Trump hating followers how successful @realDonaldTrump is & that he paid $40mm in taxes! #Taxes  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) March 15, 2017From Trump s Director of Social Media Dan Scavino:Thank you Rachel @Maddow! While you embarrassed yourself tonight (FACT) please note, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! pic.twitter.com/r9Dl1hbJ0M  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) March 15, 2017Jeremy Nolt thanks Maddow for the reminder that Hillary lied to the American people when she said Trump didn t pay his taxes:Rachel Maddow just proved that Hillary lied to the American people when she said Trump didn't pay his taxes. #ThankYouMaddow #TrumpTaxReturn  Jeremy Nolt (@RealJeremyNolt) March 15, 2017Another reminder of the  felony  Maddow committed:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/841838822581141504And from the always hilarious conservative Cloyd Rivers:Effective tax rates in 2005:Trump: 25%Obama: 19.5%Sanders: 13.5%Thanks Rachel Maddow for commitin' a felony for this info. Merica.  Cloyd Rivers (@CloydRivers) March 15, 2017A reminder of the hypocrisy and the idiocy of Bernie Sanders remarks about Trump s tax returns:President Trump 2005 Tax Rate: 25%Bernie Sanders 2014 Tax Rate: 13.5% pic.twitter.com/b2mRepMc0h  Brittany Pettibone (@BrittPettibone) March 15, 2017Rachel Maddow single-handedly gave every Hillary lover in America hope, then Trump smashed it by releasing his 2005 taxes.#TrumpTaxReturn  #ThePersistence (@ScottPresler) March 15, 2017And then finally, Conservative Thinker thanks Maddow for helping Trump to get re-elected in 2020. #MAGA!Rachel Maddow just revealed that #TrumpsTaxReturns show he paid $38,000,000 taxes in 2005. She just got Mr. Trump re-elected in 2020! #MAGA  Conservative Thinker (@Conservative_OK) March 15, 2017",0
18980,"MARK ZUCKERBERG Rides Shotgun with Dale Earnhardt, Jr: “HOLY SH*T!” [Video]", ,0
18981,"HILARIOUS! WHITE HOUSE Totally Punks Rabid Liberal MSNBC Host Rachel Maddow, After She Announces Bombshell Release Of Trump Taxes On Tonight’s Show","The White House published what they claim is Donald Trump s 2005 tax information 25 minutes before Rachel Maddow aired it on her show Tuesday night.BREAKING: We've got Trump tax returns. Tonight, 9pm ET. MSNBC.(Seriously).  Rachel Maddow MSNBC (@maddow) March 14, 2017Speaking on background, a White House official said,  You know you are desperate for ratings when you are willing to violate the law to push a story about two pages of tax returns from over a decade ago. Before being elected President, Mr. Trump was one of the most successful businessmen in the world with a responsibility to his company, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required,  the official continued.  That being said, Mr. Trump paid $38 million dollars even after taking into account large scale depreciation for construction, on an income of more than $150 million dollars, as well as paying tens of millions of dollars in other taxes such as sales and excise taxes and employment taxes and this illegally published return proves just that. Despite this substantial income figure and tax paid, it is totally illegal to steal and publish tax returns. The dishonest media can continue to make this part of their agenda, while the President will focus on his, which includes tax reform that will benefit all Americans.   Daily Caller ",0
18982,"RACHEL MADDOW Announces Plan To Reveal Trump’s Tax Returns…Hey Maddow, you might want to rethink that felony.",Maddow has a freak out at the 48 second mark: ,0
18983,HILARIOUS! Look Who LIBERAL Middlebury Professor Is Blaming After She Was Sent To Hospital By Angry Mob Of Leftist Students,"Two weeks ago at Middlebury College, Charles Murray needed a safe space   literally.In a significant escalation of the campus speech wars, protesters hooted down the conservative scholar in a lecture hall and then roughed up a Middlebury faculty member escorting him to a car.The Middlebury administration commendably tried to do the right thing and stand by Murray s right to be heard, but was overwhelmed by a yowling mob with all the manners and intellectual openness of a gang of British soccer hooligans.The students who brought in Charles Murray framed the evening as  an invitation to argue,  and in that spirit asked Professor Allison Stanger, a Democrat in good standing, to serve as Murray s interlocutor. When chanting students commandeered the lecture hall, Stanger and Murray repaired to another room for a livestreamed discussion.Protesters found the room and pounded on the windows and pulled fire alarms. When Murray and Stanger exited at the end of the livestream and headed for their getaway car, protesters assailed them. They shoved and grabbed Stanger, who was shaken up and later went to the hospital, and pounded on the car and tried to obstruct it. She was recently diagnosed with a concussion that she suffered during the liberal beating by Middlebury students.Stanger wrote afterward that she  feared for my life. And for what offense? Talking to someone who thinks differently than the average Middleburg faculty member or student.Allison Stanger invited Charles Murray, famous for The Bell Curve, to speak at the school. Students were so outraged Murray had to flee for his life, and Stanger got beaten up. Her response?It s Trump s fault!During the Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution, student Red Guards forced professors to make self-confessions. This situation was clearly different, however, as most of the students were not Chinese.Stanger is smart. She doesn t have to deal with Donald Trump at her school, but she does have to deal with her fellow leftist faculty members and leftist students. She s trying to make kissy-kissy with them so they don t smack her in the head again.If I were in her position, I d probably do the same thing. On the other hand, Vermont is a concealed carry state, so maybe there could be another option when faced with a life-threatening leftist mob.Exit question:1) When someone goes to an emergency room with throbbing head pains and a hardcore leftist worldview, how can an E.R. doctor determine whether the patient has a head injury or simply a very rigid ideological point of view?   American ThinkerSo in summary, the leftist professor who s made it her mission to indoctrinate Middlebury students, is now blaming President Trump because those same students she encouraged to think and behave like leftists, behaved in a way that is compatible with how leftists behave.  Using  violence and threatening behavior to get your way and drown out the opposing voices is nothing new for leftists, they ve just taken it a significant notch since Obama took office 8 years ago.  ",0
18984,JUDGE NAPOLITANO: THREE INTEL SOURCES Have Disclosed How Obama Spied on Trump [Video],"JUDGE NAPOLITANO was on FOX & Friends this morning discussing the Obama administration s efforts to spy on Donald Trump. Three intel sources have disclosed to the network that Obama went to British intelligence to get the goods on Trump, but we may never be able to prove it  JUDGE NAPOLITANO:  Three intelligence sources have informed FOX News that President Obama went outside the chain of command. He didn t use the NSA, he didn t use the CIA, he didn t use the FBI and he didn t use the Department of Justice He used *GCHQ.  *GCHQ is a British intel agency.@Judgenap: Three intel sources have disclosed that Pres. Obama turned to British spies to get surveillance on Trump pic.twitter.com/IghCFm7qhO  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 14, 2017",0
18985,“SIGN OF THE TIMES”…MAN STREAMS His Own Police Chase On Facebook Live [Video]," It s not something I ve seen in my career here in law enforcement, however, it s the sign of the times,  Pasadena Police Officer Jessica Ramirez told Houston s KPRC.  Everyone posts everything on social media nowadays. During his Facebook stream, a smiling Erasmo Hernandez said  I m gone forever, man. Hernandez is facing charges for felon in possession of a weapon and evading arrest.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qs9O7Xulwsw",0
18986,WATTERS’ WORLD: “Do you have Obamacare?”…”How does it work?” [Video], ,0
18987,TRUMP TELLS State Department To Make CUT More Than 50% Of Funding To U.N.,"President Trump s administration has told the State Department to cut more than 50 percent of U.S. funding to United Nations programs, Foreign Policy reported.The push for the drastic reductions comes as the White House is scheduled to release its 2018 topline budget proposal Thursday, which is expected to include a 37 percent cut to the State Department and U.S. Agency for International Development budgets.It s not clear if Trump s budget plan, from the Office of Management and Budget, would reflect the full extent of Trump s proposed cuts to the U.N.Richard Gowan, a U.N. expert at the European Council on Foreign Relations, said the alterations would spark  chaos  if true. [It would] leave a gaping hole that other big donors would struggle to fill,  he told FP, pointing to how the U.S. provided $1.5 billion of the U.N. refugee agency s $4 billion budget last year.Via: The Hill",0
18988,No Ex-President In 100 Yrs Has Set Up A Shadow Government…Gone To Such Lengths To Undermine His Successor [VIDEO],"FOX News  Catherine Herridge exposes the dirty tactics of Barack Obama and his secretive efforts to undermine President Trump No EX-POTUS in 100 yrs has set up a #ShadowGovernment & gone to such length to undermine his successor #ObamaGate #ArrestObama #Vault7 pic.twitter.com/DujnD1xxei  Brian Fraser (@bfraser747) March 12, 2017h/t Brian Fraser Twitter: @bfraser747",0
18989,VIRAL VIDEO: UNIV OF WI Students Busted Agreeing With Discrimination Against Christians…But NOT OKAY With Discrimination Against Muslims,Watch the hypocrisy in action:,0
18990,"WATCH: ANTI-GUN RAPPER, Obama-Fanboy Snoop Dogg Uses Gun To Assassinate President Trump In New VIDEO","Watch:Here is Snoop Dogg s latest music video glorifying the assassination of President Trump. If Snoop Dogg is correct and the youth  listens  to their message, are they  listening  to this message?",0
18991,KELLYANNE CONWAY Tells “Haters” Reason She Looks So “Haggard”…SLAMS Fake “Pro-Women” Nancy Pelosi [VIDEO],"Kellyanne Conway responded to a New York Times article that actually claimed Conway is being unfairly attacked by the media because she s a woman. During the interview with Howard Kurtz of FOX News, Kellyanne Conway blasted the fake pro-women feminists like Nancy Pelosi:  She and I went to the same small Catholic women s Catholic college, the nation s oldest all women s Catholic college, Trinity in Washington DC. And that small women s Catholic college can boast the first female Speaker Of The House, Nancy Pelosi, and the first successful female presidential campaign manager, and the way they treat the two of us, the president of the college is unbelievable. And you would think some of the alumni that went to an all women s Catholic college would maybe be pro-life, or at maybe object to Nancy s abortion anyone, anytime anywhere stance. In my view, you have to be pro-abortion. You have to be anti-male. Look at all of these commercials on TV about men, they can t open a garbage bag unless their wife shows them how. I mean we treat men like they re fools. I don t look at my husband, my son, my cousins, my colleagues that way.  ",0
18992,CNN INTERVIEW TURNS INTO SCREAMING MATCH When Activist Director Argues New “IRRELEVANT” Footage Of Michael Brown Is Game Changer [VIDEO],"(From CNN) New video captured hours before Michael Brown was killed shows the 18-year-old exchanging marijuana for cigarillos with the clerks of a Ferguson, Missouri, store, a documentary director told CNN on Monday.Director Jason Pollock, whose film  Stranger Fruit  debuted at the South by Southwest festival in Austin over the weekend, said the video shows that Brown did not rob the store before being stopped by police and that surveillance footage purporting to show Brown engaged in a robbery at the Ferguson Market and Liquor stores was actually video of Brown returning to the store to retrieve the cigarillos the clerks gave him. This is a shady store. We ve asked a lot of people in this community. You can buy weed at the store,  Pollock said. Pollock suggests that had this footage been released, it would ve altered the notion that Brown was shot after robbing the store. He learned of the footage from a St. Louis County police report that mentioned a video from 1:13 a.m. the day of Brown s death.In an earlier interview, in which he appeared alongside Brown s father, Pollock said,  What this video shows is that (police) lied to the world about what happened. They wanted to make Mike look bad, so they put out half a video to destroy his character in his death. Police say the new footage is irrelevant to their investigation. Investigators have previously said Officer Darren Wilson initially stopped Brown for walking in the street, not because the store reported a robbery.Watch CNN s explosive interview here:About 100 protesters gathered at the store Sunday night, forcing it to close, and gunshots were heard before midnight, but no one appeared to be injured, according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.Gunfire erupted last night in front of the Ferguson store where Michael Brown was captured on surveillance video shoving the store clerk around, and now seen exchanging marijuana, as rioters gear up for a new fight in Ferguson. Pray for this city! BREAKING: Gunfire erupts during protest at #FergusonMarket after CNN broadcasts new, heavily edited CCTV footage of #MichaelBrown. pic.twitter.com/tuPuhvyWVU  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) March 13, 2017",0
18993,LIBERAL SNOWFLAKE Ambushes Sean Spicer in Apple Store: “How does it feel working for a fascist?”…Instantly Becomes A Hero to The Left [Video],Read more: Daily Mail,0
18994,HILARIOUS! VIDEO Shows Pattern Of CNN Cutting News Feed When Guests Share Opposing Views, ,0
18995,"WATCH: Wildly Popular, Outspoken Geert Wilders Is Being Called “The Dutch Trump”…Why His Plan To De-Islamize The Netherlands Is Resonating With Voters"," Make The Netherlands Great Again  is one of Geert Wilders campaign slogans. While Wilders may have many similarities to Donald Trump when it comes to being outspoken, the Dutch firebrand is much more outspoken about how the radical ideology of Islam has harmed Europe and specifically the Netherlands. He makes it very clear that  There are moderate Muslims, but there is no moderate Islam.  (Watch video at bottom of article to see his lengthy speech about Islam and how it affects European nations where Islamists have migrated).The French presidential election will take place in April and May. In September, German Chancellor Angela Merkel will be seeking a fourth term.All three elections will be critical for the future of the EU, as the rise of right-wing populism and nationalism threatens some of the key bedrocks of the European project.All eyes this week will be on the Freedom Party s Geert Wilders as he gets a chance to test his electoral popularity in an era of massive political upsets.The international media like to portray him as the Dutch Donald Trump. But beyond the big hair, the Twitter tirades and the brash personalities there are a number of key differences between the two.Only a 21-mile drive from the legalised prostitute booths and cannabis coffee shops of liberal bastion  Amsterdam, Almere is another world.It is a multicultural melting pot where nearly 40 per cent are immigrants.It is also the heartland of extremist Wilders  PVV, or Freedom Party, whose Nexit and anti-Islam rhetoric has propelled it to the top of opinion polls in a country where six per cent of the population is Muslim.Wilders   whose campaign  mottos include  Make the Netherlands great again    has won popularity by tempering his anti-Islam outbursts with traditional Dutch liberalism. He pointed out that immigrants are sometimes very hostile to homosexuals, Jews and women s rights. Wilders, who is progressive on gay and women s rights, has taken this message and radicalised it further. And that message resonates with people in Almere s bustling market.He is vowing to  de-Islamise  the Netherlands by shutting mosques and Islamic schools, banning the Koran and having  zero asylum seekers and no immigrants anymore from Islamic countries .https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LyJz2P393oMuslims make up about 6 per cent of the Dutch population, mostly from Moroccan and Turkish backgrounds.While campaigning in February, Mr Wilders said,  there is a lot of Moroccan scum in Holland who make the streets unsafe, mostly young people   and that should change . The first paragraph of his manifesto states:  Millions of Dutch citizens have simply had enough of the Islamisation of our country. Enough of mass immigration and asylum, terror, violence and insecurity. Mr Wilders could win the popular vote, but he is unlikely to be his country s next prime minister.He had led the polls since November, but a  poll of polls  two weeks out from the vote had him just behind Prime Minister Mark Rutte. Mr Wilders was on 15.7 per cent, Mr Rutte 16.3 per cent.The Dutch House of Representatives has 150 members who are elected in four-year terms. Like the Australian Senate, their lower house is elected by a system of proportional representation.This means the seats are split between an array of major and minor parties. The next prime minister will probably have to form a coalition with a range of parties.All major parties have ruled out striking a power-sharing agreement with Mr Wilders, even if he wins the popular vote. They consider his policies to be either too extreme or simply unconstitutional.This does not mean a high vote for Mr Wilders would be meaningless. If he does do well on Wednesday, it will put pressure on whoever wins to move closer to his agenda.-ABCWilders explains the difference between Muslims and Islamists and how the Islamists will destroy countries where they migrate:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9pxfA_oOlo ",0
18996,FLASHBACK: Bill Clinton Had 93 Of 94 U.S. Attorneys FIRED IN ONE DAY…No Media Outrage [VIDEO],"WATCH:FLASHBACK: When Bill Clinton had 93 out of 94 U.S. Attorneys FIRED IN ONE DAY. CNN didn t say a word..#peoplepower  Preet Bharara  pic.twitter.com/eLUpjY42mk  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) March 12, 2017Even today, after the media was called out on ignoring Clinton s firings, the New York Times tried to prove that Trump s firings were somehow more mean-spirited:They even went as far as to suggest President Trump was simply taking marching orders from TV and radio talk show host Sean Hannity when he had them fired: ",0
18997,“IT’S A WAR!”…Armed Illegal Aliens Are Running Farmers “Off Their Own Property”…While OBAMA’S “Folks” RIOT For Illegal Alien Rights [VIDEO]," Farmers and ranchers are being run off their own property by armed terrorists  In Texas, nearly 8,200 farms and ranches back up to the Mexican border.The men and women who live and work on those properties say they re under attack from the same drug cartels blamed for thousands of murders in Mexico. It s a war, make no mistake about it,  Texas Agriculture Commissioner Todd Staples said.  And it s happening on American soil. Texas farmers and ranchers produce more cotton and more cattle than any other state, so Staples is concerned this war could eventually impact our food supply, and calls it a threat to our national security. Farmers and ranchers are being run off their own property by armed terrorists showing up and telling them they have to leave their land,  Staples said.Memo to the resistance: Farm owners are being ran off their own property by armed mexican gangs/terrorists ! #BuildThatWall #AmericaFirst pic.twitter.com/AujXU0u1z4  Oak-Town Unfiltered  (@hrtablaze) March 11, 2017To raise awareness, Commissioner Staples launched the website ProtectYourTexasBorder.com. It s a place where frustrated and scared farmers can share their stories.  FOX News Many Texas ranchers have had the benefit of the badass volunteer group  Texas Border Volunteers  a group of men and women who help keep our borders secure as they aid our US Border Agents to track down and apprehend aliens who illegally cross our borders. For more than 30 years, Dr. Vickers and his wife Linda have owned the 12 Oak Ranch. He said people crossing into the country illegally create crawl holes underneath his electrified fence and use paths on his property to walk toward their destination. Read more: krgvHe said the traffic has been heavy at times. Sometimes, he s seen hundreds a day. We re very vigilant and we realize that a lot of the people coming through are gang members, criminals, and with that we ve got dogs to alert us here on the ranch. My wife in particular depends on the dogs, especially when I m not here,  he said.Vickers said he s seen a number of those who didn t make it all the way. We ve had dead bodies show up from time to time, it s pretty disturbing. But it s something we ve learned to live with,  he said.Vickers regularly patrols his own ranch for illegal activity. When he sees it, he reports it to Border Patrol. The thought of possibly not have to do that anymore makes him feel at ease.FOX News One Texas farmer, who asked not to be identified, said it s common for him to see undocumented immigrants walking through his property. I see something, I just drive away,  he said.  It is a problem, I ve learned to live with it and pretty much, I ve become numb to it. Another farmer, Joe Aguilar, said enough is enough. After walking up on armed gunmen sneaking undocumented immigrants into the United States through his land, Aguilar decided to sell his farm. It s really sad to say, you either have to beat  em or join  em and I decided not to do either,  Aguilar said.Aguilar s family farmed 6,000 acres of land along the Texas-Mexico border for nearly 100 years. Our farmers and ranchers can t afford their own security detail,  Staples said.  We re going to become more dependent on food from foreign sources.",0
18998,"LEFTIST BABYSITTING SERVICE Allows Parents To Riot, Protest, Bully Trump Supporters While Kids Are Indoctrinated At Home","Who knew you could be a parent and still find the time to get out and riot with your spouse? Have you ever wanted to attend a mass protest, serve on a feminist panel, or lecture an unsuspecting group of tourists about the gender spectrum only to discover that you can t get a babysitter on short notice?Well, fear not at least, fear not if you re a resident of the greater Washington, DC, area.  Woke babysitting  a new  activism-oriented babysitting community  is here to step in to care for your progressive tots while you practice social justice out in the community. Have you ever been prevented from attending a rally, protest, or emergency call to action by the lack of a babysitter?,  the site reads.  Woke Babysitting wants to help. The site is the hub for a Google Group, where progressive parents of tots can sign up to become a sort-of child-sharing service, watching each others kids when  lawyers, legal observers, and activists may be called upon for urgent action,  and don t have time to line up a neighborhood sitter.Ostensibly, while you re out rocking your pussy hat on the Washington Mall or filing emergency stays with the Supreme Court, your  woke babysitter  will line up age-appropriate social justice-oriented activities so that your child is raised with all the proper compassion and wokeness required of today s offspring.When you get back from the bar (or wherever else you happen have your post-protest karmic transfer Reiki meeting), your children will be waiting with Black Lives Matter signs, subversive art projects, or having heard politically correct bedtime stories.Via: HeatStreet",0
18999,KARMA! AG JEFF SESSIONS FIRES OBAMA-APPOINTED DOJ LAWYER Who Targeted Dinesh D’Souza,"Here s why we couldn t be happier! Preet Bharara was the same attorney who brought charges against conservative activist and author, Dinesh D Souza back in 2014. D Souza was sentenced to 5 years probation and 8 months in a community confinement center. It was clearly a witch hunt against D Souza after his revealing film, Obama s America 2016: The film was dead on in finally telling the truth about Obama and his radical political roots.  Via: Gateway Pundit",0
19000,LOVE AT FIRST LEAK! Former “Baywatch” Star Pamela Anderson Becomes Regular Visitor Of Wikileaks Founder Julian Assange: “I think he’s quite sexy”,"Julian Assange became a computer hacker in his teen years. Assange got married when he was 18 and has a son. He and his wife separated and in 1999, after a protracted court battle, he reached a custody agreement with his wife.Assange gained worldwide fame and became a household name after he released hacked DNC emails shining a light on the ugly and questionable inner workings of Hillary, her campaign and many in the Democratic Party.Assange, who has been living in the embassy for four years after he was granted political asylum by Ecuador, came under fire this week after a 8,000-plus-file dump of CIA secrets was posted on WikiLeaks.Vice President Pence Thursday vowed to go after the web site, saying the leak was  one of the most significant compromises of national security in recent memory. Apparently Baywatch  star Pamela Anderson has a  thing  for  the world s most famous leaker, Julian Assange. Anderson s gone from slow motion runs on the beach to mysterious late night visits to the embassy where WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is holed up.Anderson was most recently spotted entering the Ecuadorian safe space in London Thursday night wearing a camel overcoat, snug black top   and either a really short skirt, or no pants at all.Anderson, 49, is a regular at the facility, coyly smiling for photographers as she struts inside to see Assange, 45, whose rogue outfit has dumped some of the US government s most closely guarded secrets.She refused to deny the dating rumors   saying he intellectually stimulates her more than all her  ex-husbands and lovers combined. I think he s quite sexy,  she wrote in a blog post on Thursday.  He has tremendous strength and stamina   though vulnerable. Hard to imagine him that way   as capable as he is. But, he is up against the biggest super powers in the world. Speaking to John Bishop on The Nightly Show this week, she described meeting Assange last year through British fashion designer Vivienne Westwood. We started seeing each other every month, and now we see each other a lot more regularly,  she said, according to The Sun. I do really think he s one of the most important people in the world, and I think what he does is historic. It s very important,  Anderson added.  He s very brave and he sacrificed a lot for all of us. NYP",0
19001,"“GYNECOLOGY WITHOUT BORDERS” Group Releases GUT-WRENCHING Study: 70% Of Female Refugees Raped, Beaten Or Victims Of Sexual Abuse","AROUND 70 per cent of female refugees in northern France have been the victims of rape, domestic violence or sexual abuse, the French charity Gynecology Without Borders (GSF) reports.The horror statistics were revealed yesterday by the group which used to operate at the now-demolished Jungle camp in Calais.It said many women suffered daily attacks.Richard Matis, the charity s vice president, said:  Refugee camps worldwide are plagued by violence, that is a fact. But women are usually found to be more at risk of rape and other forms of sexual assault. The charity, which now treats female migrants  stuck  in the sprawling Grande-Synthe tent camp in neighbouring Dunkirk, added the women were raped and beaten on a  daily basis,  and had become  immune  to sexual violence and abuse.Mr Matis added:  Some women were repeatedly raped during the perilous journey to Europe. Others are trapped in abusive marriages. And some women are pimped out by their husbands and forced into so-called  survival sex  with people smugglers so that their families can continue traveling across Europe. For entire story: Express UK",0
19002,CANCER PATIENT Mocked By Leftist Comedian As Trump “Nazi” Gets The Last Laugh [Video],"Kyle s own words:  So for those of you who don t know, this past Friday (12.16.2016) I was given the diagnosis I didn t want to hear. It seems that I have stage 4 glioblastoma. It s a very aggressive type of brain cancer. Currently, there is no cure, but there is a chance. The doctor said it all depends on how hard we go after it, and how my body responds to the treatment. I fully believe that God is still in the miracle-making business as well! I m putting complete trust in God and I know regardless of the outcome, I ll be healed one way or another! Please continue to keep me in your thoughts and prayers. Thanks ya ll! From us: we are Greg and Keri Knupp, friends of the Coddingtons. The Coddingtons are a family of 7 and we know that the medical and associated travel expenses are going to be a challenge. Kyle will be undergoing aggressive chemo and radiation therapy. The Coddingtons are Christians and are trusting God through all of this. This GoFundMe account is a chance to put action (through giving) alongside prayers for the Coddingtons.",0
19003,U.S. Debt DECREASED By $68 BILLION In First Month Of Trump Presidency…Guess Who DOUBLED U.S. Debt During 8 Years In Office?,Compare the US Debt burden under former President Obama that was increased by more than $320 billion after his inauguration through March 8th 2009. Here s the chart for comparison:Via: Gateway Pundit,0
19004,FORMER DEMOCRAT WARNS Young Americans: “Rioters are being manipulated by big government forces who need them to regain political power” [VIDEO]," Who is silencing political speech, physically attacking those with divergent views, demanding that every American share one single  ideology. But sadly, the real truth is that these violent agitators have little idea about why they march. Theirs is a movement with no cause, a temper tantrum with no purpose. They are a generation lost in space .a propaganda arm of the party of disappointment. If I were wrong, would Hillary Clinton really be their standard bearer? These rioters are being manipulated by big government forces who need them to regain political power ",0
19005,"BOOM! Hey Democrats….Why The Violent Riots? YOUNG AMERICAN Proves Dems Really Don’t Care About Jobs, Helping Minorities or Women [VIDEO]","Watch:You want a #JobsReport?Here's a jobs report:  President Trump is bringing jobs back to America & keeping promises. #FlashbackFriday pic.twitter.com/qViMRO9OOv  #ThePersistence (@ScottPresler) March 10, 2017",0
19006,MIKE HUCKABEE SCORCHES THE PRESS: “Grow up!…Start acting like journalists” [Video], ,0
19007,COLLEGE STUDENTS Who Wanted You To Pay For Their Education Make STUNNING Admissions About How They Spend Student Loan Money,"When you consider the stunning ways students are wasting their student loan money that SHOULD be going towards their education, it s pretty clear why Bernie Sanders was so wildly popular with college kids. Sadly, there are a large number of students who have bought into the whole  Peter Pan and the  I m never growing up  thing Remember these clowns who wore signs around their necks bemoaning the amount of money they WILLINGLY borrowed to pay for their education as a reason Americans should vote for Bernie? Per a survey of 500 college co-eds, LendEDU found that 31% of students, or roughly 2.4 million kids, admitted to using student loan money to fund their binge drinking trips to Cancun and Daytona Beach for spring break.According to the LendEDU poll, 30.60% of college students with student debt claim that they are using money they received from student loans to help pay for their spring break trip this year. For reference, you can use student loan funding for living expenses.The National Center for Education Statistics calculated that 20.5 million students will be attending college this year in the United States. Orbitz reported that 55% of students will be going on spring break. Using this data, we can roughly calculate that 11,275,000 students will be going on spring break this year.Factoring in our data, and assuming the claims made in our survey are accurate, this means that 2.38 million students are using money received from student loans to pay for their spring break excursion this year.Adding insult to injury, 24% of students admitted to using their student loan money for alcohol and 7% use those federally-subsidized checks for drugs.Nearly a quarter (23.80%) of respondents stated that they have used money received from student loans to pay for drinking some type of alcohol. This answer also included spending money at bars.A third (33.40%) of students answered that they have used money received from student loans to pay for clothing and other accessories.Similarly, the same amount (33.40%) of students said that they have used money received from student loans to pay for restaurants and take-out.6.60% of respondents responded saying that they have used money received from student loans to pay for drugs.Finally, 5.60% of students that participated in our survey stated that they used money received from student loans on gambling or sports betting. For entire story: Zero Hedge",0
19008,"OUCH! Things Take Ugly Turn For MATT LAUER When He Tries To Get George W. Bush To Blame Trump For Division: “When I was President, you mattered a lot more” [VIDEO]","Matt Lauer, of the failing Today Show had an exclusive interview with the President. George W. Bush refused to criticize Barack Obama s presidency, but the media is hoping that after his brother Jeb took a brutal beating in the primary s that his position on not trashing a sitting president may have changed. True to form, the pathetic Matt Lauer attempts to blame the division in our nation, that will surely be Barack Obama s legacy, on President Donald Trump. Lauer starts the interview out in a whiny voice, as he attempts to get the former President Bush to take the media s side against Trump:  But there s enormous division in the country right now, and although the president says he hopes to unify the country, have you in the first month seen him do or say anything that in your opinion, would be an attempt to heal the wounds of the election?  Things took an unexpected turn when instead of agreeing with Lauer, George W. Bush reminds him of the role the press has played in helping Obama to divide our nation, and more specifically, how irrelevant Matt Lauer has become. Ouch!Watch:https://youtu.be/O4X-8REYtLcHere s the entire interview:",0
19009,JUDGE NAPOLITANO: Samsung Allowed British Intelligence to Spy on Americans Through Their TV’s [Video],".@Judgenap: Samsung allowed British intelligence to spy on Americans through their televisions pic.twitter.com/kHkNt0s8Ar  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 9, 2017",0
19010,BREAKING! Refugee Terrorist Coverup: Obama’s DOJ Aided IRAQI REFUGEE Terror Suspect To Allegedly Deny Campaign Momentum To Trump [VIDEO],"Federal lawmakers are investigating how a former Iraqi insurgent fighter was able to lie about his identity and still get through America s  extreme  vetting process.The Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee has asked Attorney General Jeff Sessions to find out why the terror suspect s pending arrest was allegedly spiked just over a week before the election. Trump had run on a tough-on-terror platform and had been critical of President Obama s refugee policy. When [Joint Terrorism Task Force] and the U.S. Attorney s office for the Western District of Texas sought to prosecute this refugee, the local law enforcement and prosecutors allegedly  met resistance  from officials within the National Security Division s Counter Terrorism section in Washington DC,  Committee chairman Ron Johnson, R-Wis., said in a March 6 letter to U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The  resistance  allegedly occurred a few weeks before the 2016 election, and local authorities believed the lack of progress in this case was handled inadequately,  Johnson wrote.The suspect is an Iraqi man who had entered the U.S. under a false name. His real name was not released.Fox News has learned the JTTF confirmed through U.S. Special Forces who encountered the suspect during operations that he claimed to have participated in attacks against American troops as an insurgent.At some point, the Iraqi entered the U.S. through the refugee program. His activities in the U.S. triggered an investigation by JTTF members, who planned to charge him with visa fraud while they investigated possible further charges.Sources say the case demonstrates the challenge of vetting people with little documented history in countries where there s no paper trail.Officials from the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. attorney s office in Western Texas and the Joint Terrorism Task Force refused comment.U.S. officials said earlier this week that nearly a third of the FBI S 1,000 ongoing domestic terrorism investigations involve those admitted to the U.S. as refugees.Here s the FOX National News story that doesn t include the update about the alleged Obama DOJ coverup. FOX",0
19011,IRONY ALERT! DC’S DAY WITHOUT WOMEN Literally Led By A Man…Event Turns Into Anti-Trump Rally: “He is wrong. We have to stop him.” [Video],We hope these women realize they were being used by George Soros and other leftists to protest Trump instead of to celebrate women!,0
19012,LOL! LIBERAL OHIO ACTIVIST GOES TO JAIL For 13 Counts Of Felony Voter Fraud…One Year After Falsely Accusing Elections Board Of Voter Fraud [VIDEO],"A court in Ohio sentenced an environmental activist to six months in jail after pleading guilty to 13 felony counts of voter fraud.Rebecca Hammonds faced 35 counts of falsely registering people to vote and forging signatures on voter registration forms.  Political InsiderHammonds was a paid canvasser for the Ohio Organizing Collaborative (OOC), a liberal activist group that was active in registering voters in the southern part of the county during September and October 2015, when the voter registration fraud occurred. In October of that year, the county elections board director contacted the sheriff s office after his staff began finding discrepancies in voter registration applications filed by OOC, including five submitted in the name of dead people.Ironically, In October 2015, The sheriff s office conducted the initial probe before turning the investigation over to the Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigation, a division of the Ohio Attorney General s Office, which handled the prosecution. The felony charges carried a maximum possible one-year prison sentence on each count. Brian Deckert, an associate assistant attorney general, had recommended a one-year prison sentence for Hammonds but he did not oppose her request for probation. Salem NewsIn an ironic twist, Hammonds group once accused the local Board of Elections of engaging in voter fraud themselves.Hammonds was one of two supporters of a Youngstown anti-fracking charter amendment on the Nov. 3 ballot that questioned the legitimacy of the results of the last time the proposal was on the ballot, losing by 15.4 percent.The accusations drew a quick response from David Betras, vice chairman of the Mahoning County Board of Elections, who said:  You just basically accused this board of elections of election fraud. I can t help it if some rinky-dink polling company did a poll for you and the results are different. This is just ridiculous. I m not going to let you impugn the integrity of this board and our staff. I ve got news for you: Mitt Romney s poll said he d win on Election Day [in 2012] and he didn t. I find it highly offensive you d accuse me of a crime.   Vindy It s our last great hope that our elections are fair, and it seems to have gone wrong on the local level,  a representative of the group said at the time.  Something has run amok. Indeed it has, but little did he know it would involve a member of his group.The Judge in Hammonds case could have granted her probation, though he felt the charges were too serious to overlook. I just can t overlook this,  Judge C. Anthony Pike said.  You attempted to violate the integrity of our election process in the county. He then ruled that Hammond  made a mockery of our system. If 180 days (in the county jail) doesn t teach you a lesson, nothing will.   Political Insider ",0
19013,CNN Anchor Asks Van Jones To Take Back His Praise For President Trump…Viewers Are STUNNED By His Response [VIDEO],"CNN commentator Van Jones stood by his praise of President Trump on CNN s New Day Wednesday. After Trump s Joint Address to Congress, Jones called moments of the speech  extraordinary  and said that Trump  became President of the United States. Asked by New Day host Alisyn Camerota if he wanted to  amend  his comments at all, Jones declned the opportunity. In that moment, I m proud, I m human, I can still get teary-eyed even in a Trump speech,  Jones said.Via: Weasel Zippers",0
19014,LOUDMOUTH CELEBRITIES Forced To EAT CROW After Hurling Vile Insults At Ben Carson Over “Immigrant” Remarks…WFB Releases VIDEO Of Obama Saying Same Thing In 2015,"On March 6, newly-minted Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), Dr. Ben Carson, gave a speech before employees of the organization. During the speech, he made a controversial remark, referring to African slaves as  immigrants. Here are a few of the vile tweets celebrities posted for everyone to seen Twitter:Actor, radical leftist and Obama cheerleader Samuel L. Jackson apparently had not yet gotten the memo that Obama said almost the exact same thing only one year ago. There s always the very real possibility that Jackson was just too ignorant to understand what Dr. Carson was saying Here s Jackson s vile tweet:OK!! Ben Carson .I can't! Immigrants ? In the bottom of SLAVE SHIPS??!! MUTHAFUKKA PLEASE!!!#dickheadedtom  Samuel L. Jackson (@SamuelLJackson) March 6, 2017There s nothing like a  has been  rapper calling the most brilliant pediatric neurosurgeon in America a  DumbF*ck LOL!  Christopher Jackson played George Washington in Hamilton. Being an actor in Hamilton apparently makes him the authority on all things  black,  including the meaning behind the comments made by Dr. Ben Carson.  Our Ancestors didn't have a ""CHOICE"" you IDIOT!!!! Ben Carson, you are Hopelessly Ignorant. Again, Kids  look the other way Please.  Christopher Jackson (@ChrisisSingin) March 7, 2017Jackson has this tweet pinned to the top of his Twitter account. Apparently telling other people to  love your neighbor  makes you somehow a better person. And it also apparently gives you immunity when you act like a bully when you tell others to,  Stand up to the bully. Love your Neighbor. Make your cause known to them. Stand up to the bully. Speak for those with no voice. This work is JUST Beginning.  Christopher Jackson (@ChrisisSingin) November 9, 2016These people are such utter phonies and have no idea what it means to be tolerant of anyone who hold a view that is in opposition to theirs.On Tuesday, The Washington Free Beacon published a side-by-side video featuring Ben Carson s remarks alongside those made during a 2015 speech by then-President Barack Obama and they were eerily similar:Watch: Daily WireInstead of apologizing for his ignorant remarks, ICE T makes lame attempt at blaming Trump for his hateful and racist remarks:In the past Year or so of Politics.. Twitter and all of Social Media has shown the true Divide of the people.. It s sad  But its REAL.  ICE T (@FINALLEVEL) March 8, 2017",0
19015,“WOODY” KAINE One Of Six ARRESTED After Peaceful Pro-Trump Supporters Were Attacked By VIOLENT RIOTERS At MN State Capitol [VIDEO],"Watch the local news report as they explain what happened in Minnesota s State Capitol located in St. Paul:The youngest son of U.S. Sen. Tim Kaine, Hillary Clinton s 2016 running mate, was one of six people arrested Saturday after counter-protesters disrupted a rally in support of President Donald Trump at the Minnesota State Capitol.Linwood Michael Kaine, 24, and four others were arrested on suspicion of second-degree riot after the  March 4 Trump  rally in St. Paul; a sixth person was cited for disorderly conduct. Counter-protesters clashed with Trump supporters in the Capitol rotunda after they disrupted the proceedings with air horns, whistles and chants. At one point, someone set off a smoke bomb.Linwood Kaine, a Minneapolis resident who attended Carleton College and goes by Woody, was released from the Ramsey County jail on Tuesday morning pending further investigation, law enforcement officials said.No charges were filed against him or the four other people who were arrested by St. Paul police.St. Paul City Attorney Samuel Clark is reviewing the case for possible misdemeanor charges.  Twin Cities PioneerWe cannot confirm that Woody Kaine, son of Hillary s VP choice was captured in the video below that clearlyshows violent protesters attacking peaceful Trump supporters: h/t Gateway Pundit",0
19016,CONSERVATIVES FIGHT BACK Against Proposed “Obamacare Lite”…DEMAND Full Repeal Of Obamacare,"House Republicans leaders on Monday embraced a legislative plan to replace the Affordable Care Act for the first time in the nearly seven years since Democrats enacted the transformative health-insurance law.Now, they have to sell it.That challenge ran into an immediate threat from key conservatives who criticized the new proposal for failing to fulfill the party s iron-clad promise to rip out the signature policy of former President Barack Obama.  It s Obamacare in a different format,  Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio, a member of the hardline House Freedom Caucus, said in a phone interview. Jordan cited three provisions that conservatives have complained about for weeks leading up to the formal release of the House GOP plan on Monday evening: its extension of Obamacare Medicaid expansion for another four years; its failure to immediately repeal all of the law s tax increases; and its call to provide refundable tax credits to help people buy insurance, which Jordan labeled  a new entitlement. Earlier on Monday, another member of the Freedom Caucus, Representative Justin Amash of Michigan, condemned the leadership bill in a two-word tweet:  Obamacare 2.0.  The full Freedom Caucus comprises about three dozen members of the 237 in the House Republican majority. If they voted as a bloc, they could sink the bill on their own. A spokeswoman for its chairman, Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, said members were still reviewing the legislation on Monday evening, and Jordan said the group planned to meet on Tuesday to discuss it.The reaction from conservative advocacy groups was no more favorable to the Republican leadership. FreedomWorks labeled the plan s requirement that people pay a 30 percent premium to insurers if they stop their coverage for more than two months  the Republican individual mandate. And on Tuesday morning, two more staunchly conservative activist organizations, Heritage Action and the Club for Growth, came out against the proposal.  Many Americans seeking health insurance on the individual market will notice no significant difference between the Affordable Care Act (i.e., Obamacare) and the American Health Care Act,  the group s president, Michael Needham said.  That is bad politics and, more importantly, bad policy. Rather than accept the flawed premises of Obamacare, congressional Republicans should fully repeal the failed law and begin a genuine effort to deliver on longstanding campaign promises that create a free market health-care system that empowers patients and doctors.  The Club for Growth pejoratively dubbed the new bill  RyanCare  and added a new threat, vowing to downgrade any Republican who votes for the bill in the group s closely-watched annual congressional scorecard.- The AtlanticThe introduction of the GOP s new healthcare bill has raised some definite ire among Republicans and Libertarians alike. Kentucky Senator Rand Paul is one such politician who has now seen the bill and expressed his extreme dislike of it, calling the GOP plan  Obamacare Lite. According to The Hill, Paul is not letting Obamacare Lite happen without a fight, and he has allies. The libertarian leaning senator is teaming up with Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) to release their own bill to repeal Obamacare on Wednesday, and it s highly similar to the one that Republicans voted for unanimously in 2015. We voted on this last year, and every Republican voted for it,  Paul said at a press conference alongside his House conservative colleagues.  That s what we should do again. You have to get rid of ObamaCare completely,  Jordan added. Paul stated in an interview earlier today that this GOP bill  will not pass,  and that  conservatives aren t gonna to take it.  However Paul and Jordan face an uphill struggle as GOP leadership, including that of President Donald Trump, seem to believe the bill to be a solid plan. We re going to do something that s great. And I am proud to support the replacement plan released by the House of Representatives,  Trump said of the bill.  It follows the guidelines I laid out in my congressional address. This will be a plan where you can choose your doctor and this will be a plan where you can choose your plan. And you know what the plan is. This is the plan.    The Blaze",0
19017,BOYCOTT BACKFIRES! Ivanka Trump Clothing Line Reports Record Sales,"Ivanka Trump s eponymous women s fashion line is reporting record sales figures despite calls for a boycott and controversies surrounding President Trump. Since the beginning of February, they were some of the best performing weeks in the history of the brand,  Abigail Klem, the president of the Ivanka Trump fashion brand, tells Refinery29 in an interview published Tuesday.  For several different retailers Ivanka Trump was a top performer online, and in some of the categories it was the [brand s] best performance ever. The news of a sales surge comes after Nordstrom announced in early February that it would no longer carry the 35-year-old s clothing and accessories, citing poor product sales. The move caused President Trump to tweet shortly after the announcement that his daughter was being  treated so unfairly  by the luxury department store giant.Also last month, Neiman Marcus stopped carrying the first daughter s jewelry line on its website, and employees of T.J. Maxx and Marshalls stores were instructed to throw away any signage advertising her wares. The Office of Government Ethics recommended disciplinary action against White House adviser Kellyanne Conway after she urged viewers to  go buy Ivanka s stuff  during a February interview on  Fox & Friends. A campaign called Grab Your Wallet, which is critical of the Trump administration, asked shoppers to boycott retailers with any Ivanka or Donald Trump-branded products.According to the e-commerce aggregator Lyst, from January to February, Ivanka Trump sales increased 346 percent, Refinery29 writes.Read more: The Hill",0
19018,SLEEZY DEMOCRAT SENATOR Caught Fabricating Story About FBI Having Proof Trump Colluded With Russians In Election [VIDEO],"Liberal Delaware Sen. Chris Coons caused a stir last week when he indicated during a televised interview that yet-undisclosed transcripts of recorded phone conversations conclusively prove that elements of the Trump campaign explicitly colluded with the Russian government during the 2016 presidential election. Yet widely-circulated  bombshell  reports from the New York Times and CNN in recent weeks quoted sources who had no choice but to underline that there is no evidence of such coordination, and that the alleged contacts between Trump allies and Russian officials were not even necessarily unusual in nature. Therefore, it s understandable why this statement from Coons   a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee   touched off a fresh, feverish round of breathless speculation and rumors.  Townhall There are transcripts that provide very helpful, very critical insights into whether or not Russian intelligence and senior Russian political leaders, including Vladimir Putin, were cooperating, were colluding with the Trump campaign at the highest levels to influence the outcome of our election. Here s the clip:FOX News  Chris Wallace interviewed Senator Chris Coons following the MSNBC interview (above) with the very objective (cough, cough) Andrea Mitchell. It turns out Senator Coons doesn t have conclusive proof that the FBI has proof President Trump s campaign was in collusion with the Russians to influence the outcome of the election. Here s the new and improved version of Senator Coon s statement on the FBI s proof:What I was trying to make clear, Chris, and I appreciate a chance to restate this, is that I don t have   and I don t know of   any conclusive proof, one way or the other.Watch Senator Coons walk back his statement starting at about the 1:50 mark:https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=428&v=Xhe6IW7hsUM",0
19019,TRUMP SAYS “YES” To Federal Funding For Planned Parenthood…Under One Condition…And You’re Gonna Love It!,"Sounds like a great deal, right? After all, Planned Parenthood insists that only 3% of its business involves abortions, and they get $500 million from the federal government. That way, they could focus that much more on all their work in pre-natal care! And yet  The White House, concerned about the possible political repercussions of the Republican effort to defund Planned Parenthood, has proposed preserving federal payments to the group if it discontinues providing abortions.The proposal, which was never made formally, has been rejected as an impossibility by officials at Planned Parenthood, which receives about $500 million annually in federal funding. That money helps pay for women s health services the organization provides, not for abortion services. Let s be clear: Federal funds already do not pay for abortions,  Dawn Laguens, the executive vice president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said on Monday.  Offering money to Planned Parenthood to abandon our patients and our values is not a deal that we will ever accept. Providing critical health care services for millions of American women is nonnegotiable. This deal seems pretty straightforward, even if the White House never quite made it official. Planned Parenthood wants to keep receiving Title IX funds intended for low-income women who need actual health care that could be provided by other clinics, especially those which offer actual pre-natal health care. If that was the case, they could get rid of the supposed three percent of their business that deals with abortions and use those resources to expand other offerings, including services they already claim to do but don t actually provide at all. Their refusal to even consider the idea speaks volumes about their  values,  as do their abortion sales quotas.Their annual report shows overall revenue at $1.146 billion, which includes $553.7 million from government funds, and only $309.2 million from  non-government health services revenue    fees. If abortions only amount to 3% of their revenue, that would be $34.38 million for 332,000 abortions, or $103 per abortion (gross, not net after costs) if no other revenue was being used to cover it. These numbers don t add up with the 3% claim.Trump s deal makes this much clear, at least: Planned Parenthood values its abortion mill much more than it values $500 million in government funding each year. That really tells us all we need to know about their 3% claim, their values, and the use of taxpayer dollars to subsidize the operations of the world s leading abortion mill.   TownhallBy now, Femi-Nazi s are probably starting to get the idea that they re not dealing with your average spineless politician. Time to pull out the pussy hats and take to the streets ladies. As a conservative woman, I can assure you that the recent women s march (anti-Trump, pro-abortion publicity stunt) was an epic fail. Pro-life female supporters of President Trump are pretty much in agreement that it was the best imaginable way to convince more people to join our team. The vile and disgusting way these women conducted themselves in their fight to keep federal funding alive for the legalized murder of babies, was enough to make undecided women run as far away from them as possible   ",0
19020,"REMEMBER WHEN Democrats, Media Mocked Betsy DeVos For Suggesting Schools May Need Guns To Protect Against Bears?…Look What Just Happened!","A few weeks ago, Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos   a West Michigan native and Detroit charter schools advocate   was widely mocked when she suggested during her confirmation hearing that educators may need  a gun in the school to protect from potential grizzlies. Her point was the issue of whether guns belong in American schools is  best left to locales and states to decide.  But social media went off the rails after the  grizzlies  comment, with most people saying it s preposterous to suggest a gun should be in a school, around schoolchildren, due to a threat of bears.Watch Trump s Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos cite grizzly bears as a reason states should decide if schools should be allowed to have guns (or not):Citing grizzlies, Trump education pick Betsy DeVos says states should determine school gun policies https://t.co/A8pBds868b pic.twitter.com/qxS1X34aJf  CNN (@CNN) January 18, 2017For those who ridiculed Betsy DeVos for mentioning  potential grizzlies  as a reason for keeping a gun in schools for safety, it may be time to start lining up to apologize: A bear put a pair of Connecticut schools on lockdown this week.Two schools in Southington, Conn., were placed in  Secure School Mode  when a black bear was spotted nearby Tuesday morning, according to WFSB.com.Though the bear eventually moved away from the schools and the  Secure School Mode  was only brief, the report says emails were sent out to parents and the schools took precautions to keep schoolchildren safe.  Detroit Free Press",0
19021,CNN CUTS FEED Of CONGRESSMAN As Soon As He Speaks About Refugee Crime…Anchor Claims It’s “TV Gremlins” [Video], ,0
19022,HOW #BasedStickMan Became A Super-Hero To The Right After Fighting Back Against Violent Democrats In Berkeley [VIDEO],"Here is  Base Stick-Man s  speech to other Trump supporters explaining why he s wearing a gas mask and carrying a stick with an American flag attached to the top. ***Language warning***Here s a short video showing  Base Stick Man  in action, as he defends his fellow Trump supporters who were being attack by a large mob of violent Democrats:Communists/Anarchists start a fight they cant finish @ UC Berkeley #March4Trump pic.twitter.com/OoZJrzkxXG  Andrew Quackson (@AndrewQuackson) March 5, 2017The local news station confirmed that the police allowed violent Democrats to attack peaceful Trump supporters and confirmed that Trump supporters who were part of a planned March 4 Trump nationwide rally were seriously outnumbered:Here s how  Base Stick Man  is being celebrated for protecting his fellow Trump supporters in Berkeley on social media:https://twitter.com/Lucid4Trump/status/838886752060379137This Tweet portraying  Base Stick Man  as a super-hero got over 1,000 likes:For a cool $191.63 you, too, can be based. pic.twitter.com/p23rR8et0N  Brittany Pettibone (@BrittPettibone) March 7, 2017 Base Stick Man  whose real name is Kyle Chapman is out on bail after being arrested. He asked for and got support from fellow Americans to help pay his legal fees.Kyle is free. #BasedStickMan pic.twitter.com/KS5c5yOEeH  Based Stickman (@BasedStickMan_) March 7, 2017It s amazing that Kyle was arrested given the hands off approach of the Berkeley police. Watch as violent Democrats taunt and attack peaceful Trump supporters while police watch while doing nothing to deescalate the situation:",0
19023,SHE’S GOT THE SCOOP! CATHERINE HERRIDGE: “Obama Put His Hands On The Scales Of Justice” [Video], ,0
19024,REPUBLICAN SENATOR Sends Letter to FBI Director Questioning FBI Relationship to British Spy Who Investigated Trump,"HERE S THE BACKGROUND:On January 11, 2017, the media reported on the existence of a private intelligence dossier containing unverified allegations of misconduct and ties between then President-elect Donald Trump and the Russian government. The dossier was written by a former British MI6 intelligence agent, Christopher Steele, who went into hiding after the release of the dossier.The media and the intelligence community have stressed that accusations in the dossier have not been verified. Most experts treated the dossier with skepticism and caution. Trump himself has denounced the report, calling it  fake news  and  phony.  A Russian government spokesman dismissed the dossier, saying its allegations were false.The document alleges that the Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) has kompromat on Trump   damaging or embarrassing material which could be used to blackmail him, including allegations about Trump s sexual and financial activities in Russia. The dossier also states that the Russian government promoted Trump s candidacy to create divisions in Western alliances, and that during his presidential campaign there was exchange of information between Russian sources and people associated with Trump s campaign.The dossier was produced as part of opposition research during the 2016 United States presidential election. The research was initially funded by Republicans who did not want Trump to be the Republican Party nominee for president. After Trump won the primaries, a Democratic client took over the funding; and, following Trump s election, Steele continued working on the report pro bono.In a Monday letter to FBI Director James Comey, Grassley asked for records pertaining to any agreements the agency may have had with Christopher Steele. The MI6 agent wrote an explosive memo on behalf of Trump s political enemies alleging that the Russians had compromising information on the president.Comey briefed Trump on the existence of the memo in a private meeting in January.Shortly after, several news organizations published the unverified allegations, which the White House denied.In late February, The Washington Post reported that the FBI reached an agreement with Steele whereby the British spy would continue his investigation on behalf of the bureau.Read more The Hill",0
19025,CHILLING! FOX REPORTER JAMES ROSEN Recounts Being Spied on by the Obama Mafia [Video], ,0
19026,MIKE HUCKABEE: “Somebody Needs To Go To Prison Over This…Worse Than A Mafia Shakedown”…How Obama Funneled Billions Of YOUR Tax Dollars To Radical Liberal Groups [VIDEO],"Hey mainstream media when are you going to take a break from manufacturing news about a Trump connection to Russians and actually report on the billions of US taxpayer dollars Obama gave to leftist organizations via of all places, our Department of Justice? Aren t these the same tactics union leaders use when they force union members to contribute dues, and then use those dues to fund Democrat candidates and leftist radical causes that many of the union members don t agree with? The Obama administration funneled billions of dollars to activist organizations through a Department of Justice slush fund scheme, according to congressional investigators. It s clear partisan politics played a role in the illicit actions that were made,  Rep. John Ratcliffe, R-Texas, told Fox News.  The DOJ is the last place this should have occurred. Findings spearheaded by the House Judiciary Committee point to a process shrouded in secrecy whereby monies were distributed to a labyrinth of nonprofit organizations involved with grass-roots activism.  FOX NewsWatch here:Report: Obama administration funneled billions to liberal groups through DOJ 'slush fund' pic.twitter.com/jzamL1T41N  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 2, 2017",0
19027,TUCKER CARLSON Defends Trump’s Wiretapping Allegation Against Obama: “The Press Is Willfully Ignoring The Truth…This Stuff Does Happen…They’re Lying About It” [VIDEO],"FOX and Friends spoke with Tucker Carlson this morning about allegations President Trump made on Twitter over the weekend about Obama wiretapping Trump Towers prior to the election.Steve Doocy asked Tucker what he thinks about the Trump allegations of wiretapping by Barack Obama. Carlson responds by saying,  This is a real problem. The US government spying on its own citizens is a longstanding fact. It s a huge problem and it s clouded by deceit and evasion. Just, here s one fact: We don t know how many Americans have their communications swept up by because the intelligence community won t tell us. Not only will they not tell us, they won t tell the Congress which is supposed to provide oversight to them. They ve been asked directly and they say, we don t know and we re not going to find out.  So, this is an infuriating problem. We know for a fact that the National Security Advisor, when he was a private citizen, before the inauguration, was surveilled by the FBI and that that was leaked. That s a felony. We know this stuff happens, and we know that it has a corrosive effect on government and our civic life and yet we re not debating it at all. Partly because Twitter is not the way to raise this issue, and partly because the Democrats don t want to talk about it. But, I guess the bottom line is,  yes,  this is plausible and we need to find out what happened and it doesn t seem like we re moving in the direction of finding out. Ainsley Earhardt asks Tucker Carlson, What happens next though Tucker, going forward? Will we be able to find out any of this information, or will is it something that will just be swept under the rug again? Tucker responds,  The President himself can find out. And he can let the rest of us know by declassifying this information. He has the power to do that. He can unilaterally declassify whatever he wants. And I hope that he will. Because a lot of people like me, who have lived here you know, my whole life and have watched this stuff happen, are very suspicious that this kind of thing happens regularly. And again, that shakes everyone s faith in the institution of government. It s terrible. It has a chilling effect in the most basic way. If you think that the government is listening to you, that your political enemies can destroy you, if you step out of line, then you re no longer living in a free society.   Brian Kilmeade points out to Tucker that President Obama may have finally met his match:  When they re going after Trump or they re trying to do this, they ve never quite met somebody who fights like this. He fights harder than anybody else maybe in the country, and he ll be defensive. So when he says,  Oh, you re coming after me, you ve got this intelligence bureau that seems to be turning on me, fine, I m going after you twice as hard.  I think that President Obama in his retirement, may be in the dust up of his career right now, because he s never had an opponent like this. 14 Republicans couldn t handle him, Hillary Clinton couldn t handle him and now he s trying to handle him, and he can t! Steve Doocy of FOX News pointed out how the media is not surprisingly, totally taking Barack Obama s side on this issue. Doocy shows Tucker Carlson a clip of ABC This Week with liberal media hack Martha Radditz who s defending former President Barack Obama against allegations of wiretapping Trump Towers by our current President Donald Trump.Watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyYqpYNhcSo",0
19028,"MAXINE WATERS: Obama’s Left A “very, very powerful” database in place…”Will have information about EVERYTHING…on EVERY INDIVIDUAL in ways that it’s never been done before” [VIDEO]","At around the 4:00 mark in the video, Maxine points out that Obama will become more aggressive in his second term. Waters suggests Obama s ability to push immigration and some of the other radical issues on his agenda during first term were thwarted by the opposition, or more specifically by the  Right  and by the  Tea Party . Martin then tells Waters that Obama better get busy and get done what needs to be done during his second term. Roland tells Waters, The inauguration represented the beginning of the second term, but it also represented the countdown of the end of his presidency. And the reality is, uh, like anything else, you better get what you can while he s there, because look come 2016, that s it.  Waters responds,  Well you know, I don t know. And I think some people are missing something here. The President has put in place an organization that contains a kind of database that no one has ever seen before in life. That s going to be very, very powerful.   Martin asks,  In terms of the  Organizing for America  that he s now shifting to become a 501C4 ?  Waters responds,  That s right. That s right. And that database will have information about everything on every individual in ways that it s never been done before. Here is the shortened clip:Here is the full interview. The bombshell revelation by Congresswoman Maxine Waters (D-CA) starts at around the 4:00 mark:",0
19029,WIKILEAKS REMINDS THE WORLD: “Obama has a history of tapping & hacking his friends and rivals”,"Wikileaks founder Julian Assange reminded us in a tweet that former President Obama had a real penchant for wire tapping and/or hacking conversations of world leaders, both  rivals  and  friends : Here s the list of times Obama  tapped  or  hacked  conversations of world leaders via Wikileaks:Here is the original tweet where the list of verifiable times Obama did exactly what Trump is accusing him of doing to the Trump Towers while he was campaigning against Hillary. Here s a the link to the actual document:Obama has a history of tapping & hacking his friends and rivals https://t.co/XbwyNSwTXg #NSA #PRISM #Merkel #Sarkozy #BanKiMoon #WTO #Trump pic.twitter.com/5CebcnkFgn  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 5, 2017WATCH RT news host discuss Obama s hacking of Merkel s phones:Obama was wiretapping Merkel's phone 4 years, even before she was elected Chancellor! No Surprise he would also #wiretap Trump Tower. #AMJoy pic.twitter.com/Yf8cgI5ZQp  Amy Mek (@AmyMek) March 4, 2017",0
19030,WAKE-UP CALL! IRANIAN REFUGEE Warns The West: “I’m beginning to get really scared…’Islamofascism’ always starts with unification of Left and Islamists” [VIDEO]," I m a political refugee from Iran. I ve been to prison. I ve been under Islamic law. And I know how it starts, and I know how it ends. And it always starts with uh, for some reason unity of the left and Islamists and it scares me. So, I came here to be free. I chose Canada as my second home to live in a free country, and uh, I m beginning to get really scared. Because the way things are going, it looks like they re going to basically appease Islamists, just to not raise any ruckus. They [Islamists] see it as a  sign of weakness, so they re [Islamists] are just gong to take more and more Watch:Iranian immigrant warns the West. Islamofascism ""always starts with the unity of Leftists & Islamists."" https://t.co/vFLOdAYjGL  Tarek Fatah (@TarekFatah) March 5, 2017",0
19031,LOL! CHUCKIE SCHUMER WARNS TRUMP Is “In Trouble” For Accusing Obama Of Wiretapping Trump Towers…What Schumer Says Next Is HILARIOUS!,"The top Democrat in the Senate, Chuck Schumer (NY), claimed Sunday that President Trump is  in trouble,  a stern warning that came a day after the commander-in-tweet claimed President Obama wiretapped him.Citing President Obama s denial that he ordered a wiretap of Trump, Schumer said,  Either way   the president s in trouble. If he falsely spread this kind of misinformation, that is so wrong. It s beneath the dignity of the presidency. It is something that really hurts people s view of government,  he said.Yeah, because making the embarrassing, race-baiter-for-hire Al Sharpton a regular visitor at the White House is somehow not beneath the dignity of the presidency? You mean like taking  selfies  during the funeral of one of the greatest civil rights leaders in the world? Or traveling to Cuba to hang out at a baseball game with Raul Castro, who along with his brother are some of the most brutal dictators in the world?Were Watergate reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein shamed for making  government look bad  when they uncovered the wire-tapping done by President Nixon? He deserved it? Really Chuck? Because he was running against Hillary Clinton or because he was simply on the wrong team? If he were a Democrat, would have have deserved it? On the other hand, if it s true, it s even worse for the president. Because that means that a federal judge, independently elected, has found probable cause that the president, or people on his staff, have probable cause to have broken the law or to have interacted with a foreign agent,  New York s senior senator claimed.  NYP ",0
19032,THIS IS HUGE! Trump Suspends Expedited H1-B Visas for Foreign Workers…America First! [Video],"WASHINGTON DC   Foreigners aiming for temporary jobs at high-tech U.S. companies will undergo a longer visa approval process after the Trump administration announced it will temporarily suspend expedited applications for H-1B visas.The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) said on Friday that starting April 3 it will suspend  premium processing  for up to six months. Under this expedited procedure, applicants can be eligible for visa approvals within 15 days, instead of a regular review period that can last for up to a few months.Read more: NBC",0
19033,MARK LEVIN Outlines Evidence Of Spying By Obama On Trump: “The evidence is overwhelming!” [Video], ,0
19034,"UNBELIEVABLE PHOTOS Show How The Media Is Hiding The Biggest Story Of Our Time: The Rise Of The Violent, Anti-American Democrat Party","Yesterday was a big day for Trump supporters, as grassroots organizers planned peaceful, fun gatherings calling them  March 4 Trump  rallies. These rallies took place in hundreds of cities across America. Over one month ago, it was announced that Berkeley, CA was going to be one of the cities where Trump supporters planned to host a rally in support of our President. Ironically, the NOT peaceful rally (thanks to Democrats who were likely paid by George Soros along with anarchist partners) took place at a park near the UC Berkeley campus named after Martin Luther King Jr., who implored his followers to resist the temptation to use violence in their fight for civil rights.The mainstream media has completely ignored this story. It doesn t fit their agenda, as it exposes the Democrat Party for who they ve become under the leadership of Barack Obama and his new permanent house-guest Valerie Jarrett. Jarrett has reportedly moved in the with Obama s, to what is being called the  nerve center  to help him organize this type of activity that is being identified as the  #resistance  movement against President Trump.This picture shows how far the Left has strayed since the days of Martin Luther King Jr. s fight for civil rights and  free speech : Take a good darn look at these two photos. pic.twitter.com/jnIrCs29Mj  Kathy Zhu (@PoliticalKathy) March 5, 2017True to form, Democrats made it clear that they would not allow the free speech of Trump supporters to take place without a fight.#March4Trump #berkeley irony: ""anti fascists"" burning a sign that literally said Free Speech pic.twitter.com/rKuJtDGF1v  Jason Belich   (@JasonBelich) March 5, 2017As expected, Trump supporters were beaten, heads were cracked, people who tried to run from mobs of cowards chasing them down the streets like a pack of hyenas, were severely beaten when they were finally caught. All of these things happened while what appeared to be an uninterested group of Berkeley law enforcement officers took a mostly hands off approach.The police have almost no involvement in today's protest. They're across the park, on the sidewalk across the street. #Berkeley pic.twitter.com/9R65W2Y9wq  Lizzie Johnson (@lizziejohnsonnn) March 5, 2017Fires were started by Democrats and anarchists, which is one of the tools they use to threaten others with opposing views as a way to shut down free speech. The image below pretty much says it all. When it comes to tolerance and respect, the Democrat Party seems to have lost its way. They have proven over and over again they have no respect for our most basic right to practice free speech in America.A Democrat protester and/or one of their anarchist partners burned  Make America Great Again  and  Proud Republican  hats as way to express their hate for free speech and tolerance for anyone who holds an opposing view.#MAGA hat burning in Berkeley. pic.twitter.com/mhfauDtd3K  Gillian Edevane (@GillianNBC) March 4, 2017When a woman asked the police to help them put out a fire, here was their disgusting response:""Can you put the fire out?"" a woman asked. ""Sorry we cannot,"" an officer responded. #Berkeley  Lizzie Johnson (@lizziejohnsonnn) March 5, 2017The lack of coverage Has the media has taken the approach that the less they report on the violent behavior of Democrats and the partnership they ve formed with anarchists the better off it will be for the future of the Democrat party?A young Trump supporter who is clearly inured is walking away from the rally he attended to support his President. Is this the way we want our young children to think America is supposed to be? This picture is sad for so many reasons, but in an odd way it is hopeful, as it explains why studies are now showing that the next generation of Americans will be the most conservative we have ever seen.Senior citizens were not exempt from the hateful violence enacted on Trump supporters by anti-Trump leftists. This senior was sprayed in the face with pepper spray by the opposition:#March4Trump #berkeley elderly man pepper sprayed by #antifa pic.twitter.com/5z3O6UZuhL  Jason Belich   (@JasonBelich) March 4, 2017We re not sure what offends Democrats and anarchist friends so much about the American flag, but it s gotten to the point where Americans are prepared to be assaulted for carrying a symbol of the greatest nation on earth. This young man can be seen defending the flag in a crowd who is determined to take it away from him:Anti-Trump cowards with masks covering their faces are seen here torching American flags:Flags are also burning in #Berkeley. The crowd is much smaller than it was at around 3pm. pic.twitter.com/ggzIvgrA6b  Gillian Edevane (@GillianNBC) March 5, 2017A Trump supporters is bloodied by Democrats and their anarchist partners.A senior citizen is shielded from young violent anti-Trump protesters:A frightened female Trump supporter cries after seeing the violence inflicted upon Trump supporters:#March4Trump #Berkeley another elder assault pic.twitter.com/Z76xVwUcYV  Jason Belich   (@JasonBelich) March 5, 2017A bloodied Trump supporter is being escorted by police away from the mob scene: America is burning and the media is intentionally throwing gasoline on the fire every time they ignore these horrific stories of violence and intolerance by the Left. The truth about the rise of the anti-American Democrat Party needs to be seen by every American voter. Shielding the truth about the violence perpetuated against innocent Americans because they support our current President is dishonest and another example of the  fake news  that Trump refers to on a regular basis.Photo credits: Noah Berger, SF Chronicle and Lizzie Johnson Twitter ",0
19035,ANTI-TRUMP ANARCHIST Explains Why She Hates Capitalism…Proves She’s A Clueless Moron [Video], ,0
19036,DOES NANCY NEED MEDICAL ATTENTION? Watch As Nancy Pelosi Stumbles Over Everyday Words A 3rd Grader Can Pronounce [VIDEO],"Thank you to the American Mirror for putting this video together showing Nancy s very bad week.Nancy Pelosi is apparently the best leadership Democrats have to offer America, so drink it in.During two public appearances this week, she confused Iran with Iraq, pronounced words strangely, and claimed Republicans are offering a  Mini Me  or  Mickey Mouse  budget. Ends her very strange press conference by saying,  I don t know. But there s no  there there .  We re beginning to wonder if Nancy is still  there ?Is Nancy so flustered and panicked by Trump s presidency and her diminished role in Congress that she is no longer able to speak in public? Or, is it possible (all kidding aside) that she needs to be examined by a medical professional?You be the judge ",0
19037,MADNESS IN BERKELEY: Anarchists Clash With Trump Supporters At Pro-Trump Rally: “That guy got hit in the head really hard” [Video],"THE ANTIFA ANARCHISTS ARE IN ALL BLACK:WOMAN INTERVIEWED WHO HAS NOT CLUE WHY SHE S PROTESTING    I M A FRIENDLY ANARCHIST    I HATE CAPITALISM AMBULANCE TRYING TO GET TO TRUMP SUPPORTER HIT IN THE HEAD:ANTIFA ANARCHISTS CHASE AND ATTACK TRUMP SUPPORTERS:Fighting is spreading to the streets in Berkeley. This isn t a Trump rally anymore. It s the anarchists. pic.twitter.com/cFIu7akCSX  Lizzie Johnson (@lizziejohnsonnn) March 4, 2017TRUMP SUPPORTER PEPPER SPRAYED BY ANTIFA ANARCHIST:BAMN   Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action, Integration, and Immigrant Rights and Fight for Equality By Any Means NecessarySat. March 4 at 12 pm in Berkeley at MLK Civic Center Park: Confront and Defeat the Trump Movement! Counter-protest the pro-Trump rally in Berkeley (scheduled for 2 pm). Very proud that the anti-Trump and civil rights movement organizing has already accomplished so much. The pro-Trump groups are dropping like flies. First neo-fascist group Proud Boys dropped out, now the racist Berkeley College Republicans have promised not to come. But the organizer of the event is still trying to get people to come from other parts of California. Let s make clear that hate speech has no place in Berkeley or anywhere.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysy7oV_07PQ&feature=youtu.beLATINA SPEAKS OUT AGAINST ANTIFA ANARCHISTS:",0
